CNN  -- Pennsylvania parents are suing their son 's school , alleging it watched him through his laptop 's webcam while he was at home and unaware he was being observed . Michael and Holly Robbins of Penn Valley are suing the Lower Merion School District , its board of directors and the superintendent . The parents allege the district unlawfully used its ability to access a webcam remotely on their son 's district-issued laptop computer . The lawsuit seeking class-action status was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania . The suit said that on November 11 , an assistant principal at Harriton High School told the plaintiffs ' son that he was caught engaging in "  improper behavior " in his home and it was captured in an image via the webcam . According to the Robbinses ' complaint , neither they nor their son , Blake , were informed of the school 's ability to access the webcam remotely at any time . It is unclear what the boy was doing in his room when the webcam was activated or if any punishment was given out . Doug Young , a spokesman for the Lower Merion School District , said the district would only remotely access a laptop if it were reported to be lost , stolen or missing . Young said if there were such a report , the district first would have to request access from its technology and security department and receive authorization . Then it would use the built-in security feature to take over the laptop and see whatever was in the webcam 's field of vision , potentially allowing it to track down the missing computer . Young said parents and students were not explicitly told about this built-in security feature . To receive the laptop , the family had to sign an "  acceptable-use " agreement . To take the laptop home , the family also would have to buy insurance for the computer . In an "  acceptable-use " agreement , the families are made aware of the school 's ability to "  monitor " the hardware , he said , but it stops short of explicitly explaining the security feature . He termed that a mistake . Young added that mistakes might be made when combining technology and education in a cutting-edge way . All 2,300 students at the district 's two high schools were offered laptops to "  enhance opportunities for ongoing collaboration and ensure that all students have 24/7 access to school-based resources , " according to a message on the superintendent 's Web site , which the suit quoted . Young said the district is proud of the laptop program and the ability to close the technology gap between students who have computers at home and those who do n't . But he acknowledged schools will have to take a step back to re-evaluate the policies and procedures surrounding the program . The American Civil Liberties Union of Pennsylvania is n't involved in the litigation , but its director , Vic Walczak , criticized the school district 's action . "  Neither police nor school officials can enter a private home , physically or electronically , without an invitation or a warrant . The school district 's clandestine electronic eavesdropping violates constitutional privacy rights , intrudes on parents ' right to raise their children and may even be criminal under state and federal wiretapping laws , " Walczak said " ... George Orwell 's ' 1984 ' is an overused metaphor , but it applies here in spades . Part of the school officials ' punishment should be to retake ninth-grade civics class . " Kevin Bankston , a senior staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation who specializes in electronic privacy , also said the school may have broken federal wire-tapping laws . He called the school district 's action "  foolish and dangerous , " saying the matter could prove to be a warning to other districts . Multiple requests for further comment from the Robbinses ' attorney , Mark Haltzman of Lamm Rubenstone LLC , went unanswered .	Pennsylvania parents sue school district , school chief , board over son 's laptop Lawsuit alleges district unlawfully used its ability to access a webcam remotely Suit : Son accused of engaging in "  improper behavior " at home that school-issued webcam captured District spokesman : School only remotely accesses webcam if laptop reported stolen , lost
CNN  -- Burkina Faso 's military chief is now the head of state of the West African nation , after unrest that led to the resignation of President Blaise Compaore . Gen. Honore Nabere Traore said Friday that he has taken over presidential duties and that he will lead the country through a political transition and elections . Faced with violent protests demanding an end to his 27-year rule , Compaore initially dissolved the government but said he would stay in power until elections could be carried out . He changed his mind , and on Friday announced his resignation . Compaore said he stepped down to preserve peace in the country . Traore appealed for calm and called for a return to a normal constitutional process . Security forces , including the military , will continue to maintain order and safety in the country , Traore said . Upon his resignation , Compaore appealed via Twitter for "  free elections to be held in Burkina Faso within 90 days at the most . " France , the former colonial ruler of what is today Burkina Faso , welcomed the President 's resignation and called for elections to happen quickly . Unrest has gripped Burkina Faso -- a key partner for Western countries in the campaign against Islamist militants -- since protests against Compaore 's government turned violent Thursday . Demonstrators stormed Parliament , setting fire to the building . Compaore had been in office since he took power after a bloody coup in 1987 . The opposition had called for Compaore 's immediate resignation . In Bobo-Dioulasso , the country 's second-largest city , protesters reportedly tore down a statue of Compaore . The incident followed reports of protesters storming the parliament building , where lawmakers were set to vote on a motion to allow Compaore to extend his time in power . Flights in and out of Ouagadougou , the capital , have been suspended , according to the Burkina Faso Embassy in Washington . Embassy personnel told CNN that it was still issuing visas but that there were no flights at the moment . The country was formerly known as the Republic of Upper Volta when it was established in 1958 as a self-governing colony under France . CNN 's Faith Karimi , Pierre Meilhan and Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Burkina Faso 's top military official says he is in charge now President Blaise Compaore says he resigns Protesters stormed parliament as lawmakers considered extending the President 's rule
CNN  Sri Lanka 's current president Mahinda Rajapaksa has conceded defeat to rival Maithripala Sirisena in the country 's presidential election , bringing an end to a decade of leadership increasingly criticized as corrupt and nepotistic . Rajapaksa acknowledged the defeat on his official Twitter account Friday , writing : "  I value and respect our democratic process and the people 's verdict , and look forward to the peaceful transition of power . " Sirisena would be sworn in at 6 p.m. local time in Colombo 's Independence Square , Dhanushka Ramanayake , the head of his media unit , said . The defeat of the once untouchable president , the longest-serving political leader in the region , was the result of a failed electoral gamble . In November , the 69-year-old called elections two years earlier than required , only to be shocked by the defection of many key political allies , including the man who would unseat him . The defections apparently wrong-footed Rajapaksa , and the opposition had the better of the campaign , say analysts . "  He did n't expect the candidate to be Sirisena , " said Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu , executive director of Sri Lanka 's Center for Policy Alternatives . "  I think he probably underestimated the disaffection in the country and the desire for change . " Unexpected departure Sirisena , 63 , served as general-secretary of Rajapaksa 's Sri Lanka Freedom Party and health minister in his cabinet , before switching allegiance to a broad opposition alliance that proved to be the former president 's most serious political challenge . The unwieldy coalition includes the center-right United National Party , the hardline Sinhala Buddhist Jathika Hela Urumaya as well as parties representing the substantial Tamil and Muslim minorities . The alliance could prove fractious as Sirisena pursues his ambitious agenda , said political scientist Dayan Jayatilleka . "  Sirisena not only has this coalition to hold together , he has to do so having promised a fast-track program of drastic political reform , " he said . "  One does n't know how this coalition will handle that . " During a campaign focused on Rajapaksa 's perceived nepotism and dynastic urges , Sirisena pledged to weaken the powers of the presidency , crack down on corruption and hold fresh parliamentary election within 100 days . ` Heartland appeal ' A former Maoist , Sirisena was jailed as a young political activist , before being entering mainstream politics and being elected as a parliamentarian in 1989 . The farmer-turned-politician comes from a humble background in the rice-producing North Central Province -- credentials that appealed to Rajapaksa 's political base in the Sinhalese heartland , said Jayatilleka . "  He 's a Sinhala Buddhist from a peasant background -- you could n't get more mainstream than that in Sri Lankan politics , " he said . "  He 's someone that the Sinhalese would trust . " But he also had the overwhelming backing of the country 's substantial Tamil and Muslim minorities , who had been alienated by Rajapaksa 's perceived failure to advance national reconciliation efforts in the wake of the country 's decades-long civil war , and perceived tolerance of hardline Buddhist extremists blamed for stoking anti-Muslim violence . READ MORE : Fascists in saffron robes ? The rise of Bodu Bala Sena Luster faded Rajapaksa was elected president in 2005 and returned to office in 2010 , a year after government forces routed the Tamil Tigers rebels to end the country 's 25-year civil war . The victory remained his main political asset , contributing to a "  rock star appeal , " said Jayatilleke . But in recent years , the luster seemed to have faded for voters , with criticisms that his presidency had become increasingly authoritarian , power-hungry and dynastic . Three of Rajapaksa 's brothers occupied powerful positions : Basil as the Minister of Economic Development , Gotabaya as Defense Secretary and Chamal as the Speaker of Parliament . Following his 2010 reelection , in which he earned 58 % of the vote , an emboldened Rajapaksa amended the constitution to concentrate power in the presidential office and remove term limits , allowing for a tilt at an unprecedented third term . Many Sri Lankans felt the move excessive , said Saravanamuttu . "  They want the force of the executive president trimmed or abolished . " Congratulations flow World leaders were quick to offer their congratulations to the incoming president . Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted that he had called Sirisena , and congratulated "  the people of Sri Lanka on the peaceful & democratic poll process . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry congratulated Rajapaksa on accepting the results "  in the proud tradition of peaceful and orderly transfers of power , " and said he looked forward to working with Sirisena on implementing his platform of building a "  Sri Lanka that is peaceful , inclusive , democratic , and prosperous . " Jayatilleke said there was a sense of satisfaction in Sri Lanka that , five years after the end of a decades-long civil war , the country had witnessed a smooth transfer of power . "  That 's something that any society can be proud of , " he said . CNN 's Sumnima Udas and Iqbal Athas contributed to this story .	Sri Lanka 's Mahinda Rajapaksa concedes defeat to rival in presidential elections Maithripala Sirisena was minister in Rajapaksa 's cabinet before defecting A farmer turned politician , he has support of minorities and has pledged reform
CNN  -- It 's bad enough that the recovery from the Great Recession has been slow and uneven . What 's much worse is that several key indicators were heading in the wrong direction well before it started . Median income in the U.S. has been stagnant or worse for at least 15 years , even as the big-ticket items of college , health care and housing have become more expensive . The middle class has for decades been getting "  hollowed out " by job loss and wage decreases . Social mobility -- the odds that children will do better than their parents -- is now lower in America than in most European countries , an uncomfortable truth for the land of opportunity . Entrepreneurship is declining  the amazing recent successes in the tech industry are the exception , not the rule  , as is the percentage of GDP getting paid out in wages and benefits . This dour economic litany has helped give rise to movements of discontent like the tea party on the right and Occupy on the left . It 's also led to a flood of proposed solutions ranging from a return to the gold standard to confiscatory taxes on high levels of income and wealth . We do n't think such radical fiscal or monetary measures are warranted . The main pilings of our economic system are not so rotten that they need to be replaced . What we need instead is to return to excellence at two of our historical strengths : coming up with important innovations and finding ways to include a great many people in our journey of progress . When it comes to technology , innovation is astonishingly robust these days . Recent digital advances are truly the stuff of science fiction : fully autonomous cars and planes , artificial intelligence systems that can understand and produce human speech , robots for everything from painting cars to milking cows , printers that can make industrial-strength 3-D objects and so on . Technology is racing ahead so quickly , in fact , that it 's leaving a lot of our institutions , organizations , policies and practices behind . It 's in these latter areas where we must increase the pace of innovation . The solution is not to slow technology down but instead to speed up the invention of new jobs . That requires unleashing entrepreneurs ' creativity . It also requires a host of other conditions . • Are our regulations keeping up with new companies that let people summon a ride on the fly or rent out a room in their house ? • Are large employers able to look beyond the traditions of resume , transcript and interview when evaluating job candidates and learn how to value alternate signals like performance in a massive open online course ? • Will our primary education system decrease its current emphasis on rote learning and standardized testing and start teaching skills computers do n't have , such as creativity and problem-solving ? • Can we remove the Kafkaesque barriers in place today that prevent so many of the world 's most talented , tenacious and ambitious people from immigrating to the United States ? Will the government start spending adequately in the areas where we know it pays off , like infrastructure and basic research ? Too often today , the answers to questions like these are "  no " or "  not enough . " We 're quickly heading into what we call the second machine age : a time of transformation brought on digital technologies that will be as big a deal as the Industrial Revolution . To succeed in it , we 'll need to address the questions above and innovate widely and deeply , for two reasons . The first is to maximize this age 's benefits and bounty . The second , more important reason is to include as many people as possible in both producing its fruits and sharing them . The greatest flaw with our current path is the fact that a large group is being left out in every important sense . Too many people are n't getting the skills and support they need in order to participate in a rapidly changing economy and do n't feel that they have any stake in a society that 's being created around them and without them . As a result , many are dropping out -- of education , of the work force , out of their communities and out of family life . Whether or not the growing ranks of the unincluded and disaffected ever cause social unrest , they 're still a deep problem . America 's history of assimilation and participation is far from perfect , but it 's still impressive . It has contributed to a thriving democracy and a large , stable and prosperous middle class , both of which have been the envy of the world . The evidence is mounting , however , that our great successes of inclusion are starting to reverse themselves . We need to harness our unmatched powers of innovation to make sure that this does not happen .	Authors : Economy is generating tech innovation , but too many people are left out Are immigration laws welcoming to innovators ? Are employers flexible in hiring ? Will schools replace rote learning with the teaching of problem-solving skills ? Authors say U.S. economic system is n't faulty but needs wider inclusiveness
CNN  -- Sachin Tendulkar celebrated his ICC cricketer of the year award with another remarkable innings on Monday which should ensure that India wins the two-Test series against Australia if the pitch in Bangalore holds up . The 37-year-old batted throughout Monday 's play as he moved from 44 to an unbeaten 191 , just nine runs short of his sixth double-century in what is his 171st Test appearance . On Sunday , he became the first player to reach 14,000 runs in Tests -- just days after winning the International Cricket Council 's top award for the first time in his illustrious career . He extended his world record to 49 centuries as he passed three figures with consecutive sixes off spinner Nathan Hauritz , helping India to 435-5 at stumps in reply to Australia 's first-innings 478 . Tendulkar , who fell just short of his seventh Test ton this year in India 's first Test victory in Mohali , extended his third-wicket partnership with Murali Vijay to 308 runs . Tendulkar named cricketer of the year The opener scored his maiden Test hundred before falling to fast bowler Mitchell Johnson in the 101st over for 139 as the left-armer took two wickets in four balls in the final session . Debutant Cheteshwar Pujara hit Johnson to the boundary from the second ball he faced , but was then trapped leg before wicket with the next delivery that kept alarmingly low . Suresh Raina  32  helped Tendulkar add another 61 before his brisk 43-ball knock ended with a reckless slog off part-time bowler Michael Clarke . Captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni was unbeaten on 11 as he and Tendulkar negotiated their way to stumps , with India still 43 runs short of the tourists ahead of the final two days . Tendulkar was particularly harsh on Hauritz as he scored his 11th Test ton against the Australians , with the off-break bowler conceding 153 runs from his 39 overs . Laxman inspires remarkable India victory over Australia The "  Little Master " smashed 20 boundaries to go with his two shots over the boundary ropes , and has now faced 319 deliveries . Vijay was more sedate in what is only his eighth Test match , but also hit two sixes in his 310 balls faced -- though he should have been run out by Hauritz on 49 when he nervously scampered through for a single . "  It was a really special knock for me . It was a dream to play with Sachin . He helped me a lot and gave me pep-talks through the day , " the 25-year-old told reporters . "  I was just focused on each ball and did not try to think too far ahead . I just want to do well whenever I get a chance . " Johnson , who won the ICC 's top award last year , said Australia still had hopes of winning to level the series against the world 's No. 1-ranked team . "  As a fast bowler , you want to see some bounce and carry , but this one was a bit too slow , " he said . "  We stuck through the day and got a few wickets in the end to put some pressure on them . "  We saw signs of deterioration in the wicket at the end . Some kept low , a couple jumped . We have to wait and see what happens tomorrow . "	Sachin Tendulkar closes on another double-century as India reach 435-5 on day three Hosts trail Australia by 43 runs in first innings with two days to play in second Test Tourists strike three times in final session as wicket shows signs of deterioration Australia need to win in Bangalore to level the two-match series
CNN  -- Former University of North Carolina head football coach Butch Davis believes he is being scapegoated by his former university as it deals with the largest academic fraud scandal in the history of college sports . Davis , in an interview with CNN on Tuesday , said , "  I can tell you with every fiber in me that I did not know about cheating . " His statements come after a caller identifying himself as Tydreke Powell , one of Davis ' former players , told North Carolina radio station WJMH that "  everyone " in the athletic department knew about so-called paper classes , and that Davis even told his players , "  If you all came here for an education , you should have gone to Harvard . " Powell played from 2008 to 2011 , under Davis until 2010 . Whether he was the person speaking to the radio station Monday could not be confirmed by CNN , and efforts by CNN to reach Powell were not successful . Davis , who was fired from UNC as the scandal began to unfold in early 2011 , told CNN he read about what Powell purportedly said on the radio , but Davis said his own words were taken out of context . Davis , now an analyst with ESPN , said he made the Harvard remark to his players , but portrayed his remarks as being "  halfway joking , teasing , and half tongue-in-cheek . " He admitted the comment was a poor choice of words , "  but it was never intended to be anything other than , ` life is tough for student athletes , ' " adding that he told the players something similar to , "  Guys , I know how hard your day is ... your life is tougher than non-student-athletes . If you just wanted an education , solely , you should have gone to Harvard . " Former athlete sues UNC over academic scandal Last month , former federal prosecutor Ken Wainstein released a scathing report , the product of an eight-month investigation into fake classes at UNC , and found that about 30 administrators at the university knew that athletes who were failing or were at risk of failing were shuffled into classes where a single paper was required and where plagiarism was overlooked . Wainstein portrayed rampant and systematic cheating , spanning 18 years and affecting 3,100 students . About half were athletes . His report came five years after the scandal was first uncovered , and follows several other internal investigations . But it was by far the most comprehensive to date , for the first time implicating staff in the scheme . Davis said he feels his interview with Wainstein was mischaracterized in the summary . "  I do feel like there have been things that it looked like it would be the easy way -- blame it on the football program and maybe it will all go away , " Davis said . Wainstein 's report found that when an athlete was on the brink of eligibility , advisers in football and basketball and other sports would often enroll the athlete in a paper class , sometimes suggesting the grade they needed to stay afloat academically . This , in part , was done because many athletes at UNC were admitted to the university even though they were unprepared . Wainstein 's report says that Davis admitted to knowing about easy classes in the African-American  AFAM  Studies department , and knew that these classes were keeping athletes eligible . It cites a 2009 PowerPoint presentation in which Davis was told that many of his players were in these classes and that they "  did n't go to class ... did n't take notes ... did n't have to meet with professors ... -LSB- and -RSB- did n't have to pay attention or necessarily engage with the material . " But Davis said that episode , too , was mischaracterized . Davis said he was under the impression the situations being discussed had only happened in the past , and he insisted that coaches were not involved in the academics of student-athletes . "  The coaches and athletic department has no control over degrees they choose , the course -- that had nothing to do with me , " Davis told CNN . "  Every year they would say , ` When do you want to have practice , and we 'll work around it . ' I may have told Wainstein that those classes helped kids stay eligible , but I did n't know it was crooked until after I left the program . " Davis said he believed that the independent studies in the AFAM department were the same as independent studies courses in any other college in the school . Davis said -- and this is backed up by Wainstein 's report -- that he had no idea that plagiarism was accepted , or that the papers were n't graded by the professor , Julius Nyang ` oro , but by his clerical assistant Debbie Crowder . "  How would I , as a football coach , know that a secretary is grading the papers ? " Davis said . Wainstein acknowledged that both Davis and basketball coach Roy Williams took steps to improve the academics of their athletes while coaching at UNC . Davis reduced the number of athletes admitted who were underprepared . And Williams took steps to reduce clustering , Wainstein said . Report finds 18 years of academic fraud at UNC According to Wainstein 's report , the paper classes , which began in 1993 , were Crowder 's idea . Wainstein reviewed transcripts and found that they were most prevalent between 1999 and 2009 . Davis and Williams both coached during those years , and Williams won two national championships in basketball during that time . Nyang ` oro , who resigned after the scandal emerged , was charged with fraud in connection with the case , but the charge was dropped after he agreed to cooperate with the criminal investigation . No charges were filed against Crowder , who retired in 2009 . Neither Crowder nor Nyang ` oro has spoken publicly about the scandal , and both declined requests to speak to CNN . Davis said he does n't get enough credit for raising his players ' grade-point averages and graduation rates during that time period , although critics say paper classes were part of the reason those GPAs rose . One adviser even characterized them in the Wainstein report as "  GPA boosters . " But Davis said Wainstein 's team also neglected to interview some of his assistants who would have backed up his story . "  These are things that are disturbing , " he said . The Wainstein report says all assistant coaches were given the opportunity to talk , but some did not respond . Davis said he feels the attention should be focused now on the advisers who steered athletes to the sham classes , not on the coaches . "  All academics at UNC fell outside the realm of the athletic department , which is one of the things that I liked , " he said . "  All of the tutoring ... was handled at the  university 's  College of Arts and Sciences . This should be about the College of Arts and Sciences , and leave the coaches out of it because we did n't have anything to do with it . " The university issued a statement in response to CNN 's request for comment : "  We appreciate Butch Davis ' cooperation with the independent investigation conducted by Kenneth Wainstein . Mr. Davis was one of 126 individuals interviewed about their knowledge of or role in the irregular classes . We believe that this was the most thorough and complete investigation possible . Mr. Davis is entitled to his opinions about the final content of Mr. Wainstein 's report . " Wainstein 's report found that Davis ' predecessor , head coach John Bunting , admitted to some knowledge of the paper class scheme . But the report cleared Williams , the current basketball coach . Former interim head football coach Everett Withers refused to cooperate with the Wainstein investigation , as did football director Cynthia Reynolds . Withers is now at James Madison University , and Reynolds is at Cornell University .	Butch Davis was fired as head football coach at UNC as academic scandal unfolded Davis : "  I can tell you with ever fiber in me that I did not know about cheating " Davis said he does n't get enough credit for raising his players ' GPAs , graduation rates Critics say "  paper classes " were part of the reason those GPAs rose
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some "  Occupy " demonstrators who 've clashed with police in New York City have migrated south as the new year begins , joining their colleagues in the nation 's capital where authorities continue to allow protest camps at two locations . "  We 're here because we got pushed out of New York , but we 're also here because this is the heart of where all politics happen , " said a protester who would not give his name . "  Police know me , " he explained , as he tried to repair a tarp torn free by high winds early Monday . He said he has been joined by a handful of other Occupy Wall Street demonstrators pushed out by New York police . On New Year 's Eve , New York City police arrested 68 Occupy Wall Street demonstrators at their longtime camp in Zuccotti Park . The young man , who said he left the Wall Street location weeks ago after authorities began to pressure protesters to leave , reflected on a strategy for the new year as he spoke Monday at the larger of two encampments in Washington -- at a small downtown park known as McPherson Square , near the White House . "  I think  the movement 's  most important stage right now is to inform the American people , before we can give any kind of particular answer or one message , " he said . "  This is still , relatively , in my opinion , a young movement , and I do n't think it 's so much that it 's anybody having the same answers but everybody asking the same questions right now , " he told CNN , speaking on camera with most of his face concealed by a heavy winter scarf . Among the questions being asked include those from a ranking U.S. congressman , Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , demanding to know why protesters have been allowed to make camp in the first place . Issa , in a letter two weeks ago to the U.S. Department of Interior , said he believes the camping is illegal . But the National Park Service , which is in charge of McPherson Square , has applied the most liberal interpretation of rules against overnight camping , and officials instead consider the makeshift tent city a "  24-hour vigil . A handwritten bulletin board maintained by the protesters Monday noted it is "  Day 93 " of the demonstration there . At a second location in Washington , known as Freedom Plaza , the National Park Service in recent days extended a required permit through the end of February , acting just before it was to expire on New Year 's Day . The extension may further provoke Issa , who chairs a House panel on government reform . His December 13 letter to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar expressed concern that the tent city in McPherson Square has ruined some of a $ 400,000 restoration project at the park , paid for with economic stimulus money . Issa said the National Park Service has allowed "  the Occupy DC movement to ecologically damage the park significantly over the past two months , by camping and killing the newly planted grass " at the location . Protest organizers and supporters have distributed straw around the tents to deal with mud that followed heavy rains last month . Other areas where grass remains now show signs of damage from the tents and tarps blocking sunlight . National Park Service spokeswoman Carol Johnson told CNN the protesters in McPherson Square do not require a permit because their group contains fewer than 500 people and is considered a 24-hour vigil . Police in the area have said their enforcement so far has been to keep city streets clear of protesters , and to respond to petty crime that may take place around the camps . CNN 's Greg Seaby contributed to this report .	Occupy Wall Street demonstrators migrate south Authorities extend permit in Washington , D.C. Congressman questions continued forbearance
Editor 's note : Actor Rainn Wilson plays paper salesman Dwight Schrute in the television comedy "  The Office . " Rainn Wilson says fellow members of his Baha'i faith are being persecuted in Iran . CNN  -- Why is Rainn Wilson , "  Dwight " on "  The Office , " writing a news commentary for CNN ? Good question . It 's a bit strange for me , to say the least ; a comic character actor best known for playing weirdos with bad haircuts getting all serious to talk about the persecution of the fellow members of his religious faith . Dear readers of CNN , I assure you that what I 'm writing about is no joking matter or some hoax perpetrated by a paper-sellin ' , bear-fearin ' , Battlestar-Galactica obsessed beet farmer . I am a member of the Baha'i faith . What is that , you ask ? Well , long story short , it 's an independent world religion that began in the mid-1800s in Iran . Baha'is believe that there is only one God and therefore only one religion . All of the world 's divine teachers  Jesus , Muhammad , Buddha , Moses , Abraham , Krishna , etc.  bring essentially the same message -- one of unity , love and knowledge of God or the divine . This constantly updated faith of God , Baha'is believe , has been refreshed for this day and age by our founder , Baha'u ` llah . There . Nutshell version . Now , as I mentioned , this all happened in Iran , and needless to say the Muslim authorities did not like the Baha'is very much , accusing them of heresy and apostasy . Tens of thousands were killed in the early years of the faith , and the persecutions have continued off and on for the past 150 years . Why write about all this now ? Well , I 'm glad you asked . You see there 's a ` trial ' going on very soon for seven Baha'i national leaders in Iran . They 've been accused of all manner of things including being "  spies for Israel , " "  insulting religious sanctities " and "  propaganda against the Islamic Republic . " They 've been held for a year in Evin Prison in Tehran without any access to their lawyer  the Nobel Laureate Shirin Ebadi  and with zero evidence of any of these charges . When a similar thing happened in 1980 , the national leadership of the Iranian Baha'i community disappeared . And this was repeated again in 1981 . In fact , since 1979 , more than 200 Baha'is have been killed , holy places and cemeteries desecrated , homes burned , civil rights taken away and secret lists compiled of Baha'is  and even Muslims who associate with them  by government agencies . It 's bad right now for all the peace-loving Baha'is in Iran who want only to practice their religion and follow their beliefs . It 's especially bad for these seven . Here 's a link to their bios . They 're teachers , and engineers , and optometrists and social workers just like us . This thought has become kind of a cliché ' , but we take our rights for granted here in America . Imagine if a group of people were rounded up and imprisoned and then disappeared not for anything they 'd done , but because they wanted to worship differently than the majority . There is a resolution on the situation of the Baha'is in Iran being sent to Congress . Please ask your representatives to support it . And ask them to speak out about this terrible situation . Thanks for reading . Now back to bears , paper and beets ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rainn Wilson .	Rainn Wilson : I 'm a member of the Baha'i faith , founded in the 1800s in Iran He says the faith has been persecuted on and off for 150 years Seven Baha'i leaders are going on trial in Iran on a variety of charges , he says Wilson : Ask your congressman to support a resolution on the Baha'is
CNN  -- Marijuana and pain medication were found in the blood of the crane operator at the site of a deadly building collapse , a source at Philadelphia 's City Hall with direct knowledge of the investigation told CNN on Friday . Six people died and another 13 were injured when a four-story wall of a vacant building being demolished collapsed onto a Salvation Army thrift store in Philadelphia on Wednesday . Mayor Michael Nutter publicly apologized earlier Friday "  to the victims and their families " and "  to the survivors and their families " for the collapse . The mayor pushed a new set of demolition standards and controls , promising he 'll pursue whatever action is needed "  in order to better ensure our collective public safety . " He also promised answers . "  I commit to you that we will make every effort ... to find out what went wrong , " Nutter said . Witnesses described an ominous rumble before the building came down , spurring panic on the streets . "  You felt it shake , " Jordan McLaughlin told CNN affiliate KYW . "  There  were  people that actually fell over . People started screaming , they ran across the street . There was people inside the building , you heard them scream . " Searchers climbed over shards of wood , concrete and rebar looking for survivors , like the 61-year-old woman pulled alive from the rubble early Thursday . This search was called off late Thursday afternoon , by which time prosecutors and city officials had toured the scene . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	6 died , 13 were injured when a building collapsed in Philadelphia Walls fell on a Salvation Army thrift store , pinning people in the rubble The building was being torn down at the time A City Hall source says marijuana , pain medication were in crane operator 's blood
CNNGo  -- Check out these five standout watering holes around the globe . No card key required . Rock Bar , Ayana Resort & Spa in Bali , Indonesia Guests ride a special cable car down a dramatic cliff face to get to this brilliantly engineered bar , above , perched just 46 feet above the Indian Ocean . Once there , the experience is dramatic . Bartenders pour creative cocktails set to beats spun from a DJ booth carved into the stone . The minimalistic space , designed by Yasuhiro Koichi of Japan 's Design Studio SPIN , is one of the best places to watch the sunset in Bali . Ayana Resort and Spa , Jimbaran , Bali , tel : +62 361 702222 , website : ayanaresort.com/rockbarbali . What to drink : A martini -- on the rocks , of course . Red2One , W Santiago , Santiago , Chile Red2One is Santiago 's most exclusive bar . Designed by Chilean Sergio Echeverria and New Yorker Tony Chi , the space puts a modern twist on traditional Chilean décor . Pops of red are juxtaposed against clean white sofas and natural wood floors . The views of the snow-capped Andes are unmatched amongst its Chilean bar brethren . Isidora Goyenechea 3000 , Las Condes , Santiago , Chile , Tel : +56 +  2  770 0000 , website : starwoodhotels.com . What to drink : A virgin strawberry mojito . That 's what Beyonce and Jay-Z sipped on a recent stop there . Check out other great travel tips and destinations at Five To Go Icebar , Icehotel , Copenhagen A novelty , no doubt , but Icebar is still a marvelous place to , well , chill out . Everything , and we mean everything , is made of ice , from the furniture to the cocktail glasses to the gleaming art . Check out the raven in a cage , the full scale Harley Davidson and the boxes filled with miniature treasures -- all made of frozen H20 . Hotel Twentyseven , Løngangstræde 27 , Copenhagen , Tel : +45 7027 5627 , website : icebarcph.com . What to drink : A vodka shot warms the body and soul . Blu Bar on 36 , Shangri-La Hotel in The Rocks , Sydney , Australia Set on the 36th floor of the Shangri-La Hotel in The Rocks , the New York-inspired bar offers views of Darling Harbour , Sydney Harbour Bridge and the Opera House . A marble hallway entrance opens to two distinct chambers , a fluorescent blue bar and a lounge . The latter features minimalist décor , plush seating , dim lighting and floor-to-ceiling glass windows . 176 Cumberland St , Sydney , Tel : +02 9250 6013 , shangri-la . com . What to drink : The Holy Amigo , a blend of Herradura tequila , Crème de Peche and peach bitters packs a punch . Bemelmans Bar , Carlyle Hotel , New York City Dark and decadent , Bemelmans competes for the city 's most dapper nightspot . No detail has been left un-fancified : White-jacket waiters , nickel-trimmed glass tables , chocolate-brown leather banquettes and a 24-karat gold leaf-covered ceiling . But the most interesting aspect of Bemelmans is the wall art by Ludwig Bemelmans , the creator of the Madeline books and the bar 's namesake . 35 E. 76th St. , at Madison Avenue , New York , New York 10021 , Tel : 1 212 744-1600 , thecarlyle.com . What to drink : The Old Cuban , a mojito topped with champagne . CNNGo.com : See even more great hotel bars © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Hotels around the world offer unforgettable bars for guests and visitors to relax in style Red2One in Santiago , Chile , has modern decor and views of the snow-capped Andes Everything from the furniture to the cocktail glasses is made of ice at Icebar See the Sydney Harbour Bridge and the Opera House when you sip a drink at Blu Bar
CNN  -- Ger Jansen is puzzling about how to fit a windshield . His problem is not installing it in a car , but hanging the glass in thin air and keeping it hovering for a prolonged display . This is a fairly typical challenge for the Dutch engineer , who along with his daughter Angela runs Crealev , a leading levitation design firm . The mysterious art of floating has been largely confined to ultra-specialist industry applications and magician tricks , but the Jansens have developed a repertoire for any occasion ; from lifting a model 's top hat for a fashion shoot to a giant rock in a striking art display . They have given sneakers air for Nike , and produced a range of self-suspending lamps for the home . These are all given flight by patented modules that induce magnetic levitation . The kit is comprised of two parts : a magnetic disc that can be integrated into the chosen object , and a base containing sensors that pin it in space . The latest and most heavy-duty module can support up to 10 kilograms to a height of nine centimeters , but bespoke services are available for unlimited height and weight . "  Our customers drive us by requesting more demanding solutions , " says Jansen . "  For the higher and heavier loads we have to combine the largest levitation modules . " The company is also developing programming to make the magnets smarter , more responsive and capable of more sophisticated movement . "  People do n't want something to just float but also to interact with it . What should happen then is that sensors around the object move depending on the movement of people , so the object is more intelligent . " Jansen is flooded with requests to make every conceivable item levitate . One popular option for illusionists and thrill-seekers is to make a human float , which he is pursuing with some reservations . "  You could have magnets inserted into clothes but it would not feel like resting on the clouds ... If you have these magnets working together it 's a giant force . It can hurt the skin . There need to be safety precautions . " The Chairless Chair , an invisible chair that you can wear The Jansens are not alone as there is a growing market of levitating applications for consumers . A Californian company has released a set of floating speakers , promising a unique experience for the listener . Czech designers have produced a computer mouse buoyed by magnetic levitation , designed to alleviate carpal tunnel syndrome . But the limiting factor of magnetic levitation is requiring a base to float over , effectively requiring that objects are stationary . This largely puts paid to the hoverboard dream inspired by "  Back to the Future " -- another of the Jansens ' most common requests -- and explains why transport seems the best placed industry to make use of the technique . Until recently , "  Maglev " trains were expected to revolutionize public transport , promising increased speeds over 300mph . But the high cost and energy consumption has slowed their growth and today only China and Japan operate such a system . That could change with the advent of superconductor-powered vehicles , able to generate greater magnetic force with lower power consumption . High concept projects such as China 's ` Super Maglev ' would use this system for supersonic transport , and it could even support space missions . Dr. Ludwig Schultz of Dresden ' Institute for Metallic Materials works with maglev vehicles and feels superconduction offers significant advantages . "  It gives you much more freedom . The energy storage is more efficient , and there are no moving parts . It can be extremely fast with frictionless motion . " Schultz has developed his own superconducting levitating vehicle -- the "  Supratrans , " a lightweight buggy that hovers above tracks , held in place with a self-stabilizing mechanism . He imagines it being used for rapid transfers in airports , although one research area looks at creating routes and vehicles for private use . The spaceship reinvented for new frontiers The applications from superconductors need not be limited to transport , says Schultz . He has consulted on projects to float a 60-ton stage , and to enhance gravity in space , among other ambitious plans . Another levitation breakthrough has come at the micro level , and by a different method . This year , Japanese scientists used acoustic levitation to manipulate small objects with three-dimensional capability for the first time . Researchers created a "  moveable ultrasonic focal point " that allowed them unprecedented control with sound waves . Experts hailed the potential impact for molecular analysis for chemistry and medicine , but lead researcher Yoichi Ochiai of the University of Tokyo also foresees wider applications : "  I would like to draw huge levitated graphics in stadiums or concerts , " he said . "  Or for use in our daily lives such as floating interactions at home and small object levitation . " In many cases , levitation technologies have yet to find meaningful functions , either serving novelty purposes or yet to break out of the research stage . But the possibilities are multiplying , and the applications are becoming established in fields such as entertainment and transport . If the spread continues , magicians may need to learn some new tricks . The Chairless Chair , an invisible chair that you can wear The spaceship reinvented for new frontiers Lighting on the wall : World 's most spectacular video projections	New technology makes levitation a reality for home furnishings , vehicles , and ... rocks ? Magnetic levitation technology is already allowing Japanese trains to travel at over 500km/h Advances in superconduction could soon take maglev technology to the next level
CNN  As families across America prepare to watch the Super Bowl , the safety of the game remains hotly debated in households across the country . After mounting concerns about brain injuries plaguing older players who experienced repeated concussions , the NFL says it is making progress when it comes to keeping current players safe The league says concussions in regular season games dropped 25 % in 2014 from the number in 2013 , and concussions caused by helmet-to-helmet hits were down 28 % during the same time period , according to a newly released report . But worries about concussions are just part of the reason why some families are having second thoughts about letting their children play football . As we 've learned more and more about the dangers of concussions and head injuries in football , including from research on the brains of professional players who died , we have seen a drop in the number of kids playing the game . Participation in Pop Warner youth football leagues dropped 9.5 % from 2010 to 2012 , according to a report in 2013 by ESPN.com . Concussion concerns may lead to fewer boys playing football Last year , after three players from three different states died in one week , I asked parents whether they think the sport is too violent and dangerous for their children . On one side are parents like John Furjanic of Chicago , who played football through high school and during college at Yale . He says his 7-year-old daughter will never play football , and if he had a son , he would never let him play either . "  I have had over 10 concussions playing football , " said Furjanic , who says he was coached by some of the best in the business . "  No coaching technique can result in safety when the point of playing defense is to play with reckless abandon . The kids today call it blowing people up . The game is violent , and people get hurt in violent games . " On the other side are parents like Ben Smith , chief executive officer of Wanderful Media , whose eighth-grader plays football . Smith said he has certainly thought about the risks , but says the training put in place in children 's programs during the last few years has given him the confidence to let his son play . That training is part of the Heads Up Football program funded by the NFL . Coaches are educated on how to deal with concussions and how to teach safer ways to tackle , where players are taught to keep their heads up and to lead contact with their shoulders , not their heads . "  Hitting has dramatically changed the game from when I was on the field over 20 years ago , " Smith said . "  In the end , it comes down to the league , training and coaches . You have to be comfortable that they are putting safety first . " Amanda Rodriguez of Frederick , Maryland , says her 9-year-old is more passionate about football than just about anything else , and her 6-year-old just started playing , as well . She urged her sons ' league to adopt the Heads Up Football program and it did . High schools tackle football concussions "  I think that it 's something you can definitely see in how the younger kids are playing versus how the older boys are playing football because it 's a whole different way of playing , " said Rodriguez , a mom of three and host of the blog DudeMom.com . "  So I feel safer knowing that my kids are playing in a league that is doing something proactive about their safety . " Like any parent , Rodriguez says she has her concerns but what helps her is putting the dangers in perspective . "  The risk is there , but the reward is so great , it 's a risk that we take and statistically I do n't think ... that risk  rivals  things like riding in a car or riding your bike . " Other parents whose children play football pointed to sports such as horseback riding and gymnastics that can also be dangerous for children , but said the dangers of those sports often do n't get as much attention as football . "  Because of its inherently violent nature , football is often singled out for scrutiny re : head injuries and head/neck injury deaths , " said David Hawkins of Ann Arbor , Michigan , whose son plays football . According to a report by the National Center for Catastrophic Sport Injury Research , deaths in football are "  rare but tragic events , " with 17 direct and indirect deaths during the 2013 football season out of approximately 1.1 million high school players . ` Smart ' football helmet may help detect concussions Terry Greenwald , a divorced father of three , says his son was only 5 when he started playing ice hockey , another sport known for its concussion issues . His son is 26 now and never suffered a serious injury , but Greenwald thinks back to when his son was a senior in high school and was asked to play football . "  I adamantly said ` No , ' " said Greenwald , who based his decision on the fact that his son had never played the game before . "  It is my opinion that when a child begins playing a sport with injuries like this , they learn proper techniques to protect themselves and how to avoid causing severe injuries to others . " "  I am confident that saying no was the right decision for my son . I would not presume to make that decision for anyone else , " he said . "  I believe in sports , but I also believe each person needs to consider a lot of factors when choosing which sport to participate in and that a parent 's responsibility is to choose wisely when allowing their child to make this decision . " Opinion : Make football safe for our kids Children 's television host Miss Lori , a mother of three , remembers when her son was choosing between basketball and football . Both sports have a connection to her family , she said . Her adopted father played for the Harlem Globetrotters , while her birth father , whom she only met once , played college football and was drafted by a professional team . He died of dementia before he reached 60 and she wonders if his deteriorating condition was related to his participation in football . As her son , who excelled in many sports , was deciding which to focus on , she left the decision to him -- but quietly prayed he 'd pass on football . "  Silently I said a prayer to the sports gods above to put basketball first and firmly in his dreams . It worked and I am grateful , " said the social media specialist and Babble.com contributor . What sport a child may or may not play is an individual parent 's decision -- or an individual child 's decision . As Amanda Rodriguez told me , if a child is passionate about a sport or an instrument or some other activity , would n't a parent want to nurse those passions ? And while there is definite debate over whether football has become too dangerous for our children knowing what we know now , it 's clear there 's agreement on a key way to help keep our kids safe : making sure safety is the top focus . Louise Sattler , a psychologist , educational consultant and mom of two grown children in southern California , said her son played school and regional soccer for years , and suffered one concussion and several other injuries . While opposing coaches always urged him to keep playing , she praised her son 's "  astute team coach " who was always cautious and would send him off the field and to the emergency room . "  As with everything in our lives , including football , soccer and other sports , common sense and safety need to prevail , " said Sattler , who is also the owner of a business providing sign language instruction . "  The lesson that we care about health and safety far outweighs the game . " Would you or do you let your kids play football ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	The NFL reported that concussions in the league were down 25 % in 2014 Three high school football players from different states died in one week last year Parents disagree on whether the game is safe for children
"  X-Men : Days of Future Past " has stars aplenty , but does it have what it takes to make it a summer blockbuster ? The reviews are in for the film , which stars Hugh Jackman , Jennifer Lawrence , James McAvoy and others -- and not everyone agrees on the latest installment of the "  X-Men " series , a sequel to 2006 's "  X-Men : The Last Stand " and 2011 's " X-Men : First Class . " The plot revolves around the group sending Wolverine  played by Jackman  into the past to try to change a calamitous future . Rolling Stone 's Peter Travers writes , "  Step up , cynics , and see the summer 2014 blockbuster that gets damn near everything right . "  OK , maybe ` Days of Future Past ' is merely a stopgap between ` First Class ' and the upcoming ` X-Men : Apocalypse , ' " Travers continues . "  But it 's also a movie that uses action to define character and has the skills to make you care about outcasts in a society that hews spinelessly to the norm . A rousing epic of mind and heart in a summer of craven formula . " A.O. Scott of the New York Times writes , "  In the case of ` Days of Future Past , ' the plot is as overelaborate and muddled as some of the effects . "  The logic of the story -- a time-travel pretzel that strains after the brain-teasing power of an old "  Star Trek " episode -- requires too many variables , " according to Scott . "  The frantic crosscutting of the culminating battles , which take place simultaneously and also a half-century apart , requires too much thought on the part of the audience because it has received too little on the part of the filmmakers . " Chris Nashawaty of EW also references "  the pretzel-logic pop fantasia " but takes a more positive view . "  I know all of this sounds like a tangled thicket of cosmically Big Ideas , " Nashawaty writes . "  But Simon Kinberg 's marvelous script makes it all move with a Swiss jeweler 's precision and hum with internal logic . It 's complex without being confusing . " The Washington Post 's Michael O'Sullivan cautions fans to not expect some questions from past films to be answered  like how is Patrick Stewart 's Professor Charles Xavier still alive , anyway ?  . But , he says , " ` X-Men : Days of Future Past ' is , in itself , as intoxicating as a shot of adrenaline . It 's what summer movies are meant to be . " Have you seen "  X-Men : Days of Future Past , " and what did you think ? Any plans to see it this weekend ?	"  X-Men : Days of Future Past " came out this week It stars Hugh Jackman , Jennifer Lawrence and James McAvoy Some critics say it 's a blockbuster done right ; others question twisty plot
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- An arrest has been made in the investigation of an illegal prescription drug ring connected to actor Corey Haim , a spokesman for California 's attorney general said Wednesday . Attorney General Jerry Brown is not revealing details of the arrest , his office said , but it comes soon after he revealed that pharmacy records show the actor got thousands of dangerous pills from dozens of doctors in the past year . The person arrested was not directly connected to Haim but is suspected to be part of the drug ring , Brown spokeswoman Christine Gasparac said . Brown said last week that Haim 's death was linked to an "  illegal and massive prescription-drug ring . " Although the actor 's family said Haim had reduced his drug use to near zero , Brown said Friday on HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " that he did n't see "  any ` zero ' pill consumption . " "  If he took all the pills that our records show he was prescribed over the last year and three months , he took very damaging assaults on his body , " Brown said . Haim , 38 , had pneumonia , an enlarged heart and water in his lungs when he died March 10 , Los Angeles County Deputy Coroner Ed Winter said . But a drug overdose can not be ruled out until toxicology results are completed , which will probably be in several weeks , Winter said . State investigators know that Haim obtained "  massive amounts " of legal drugs "  in what looks to me like a questionable manner because of so many doctors , " Brown said . "  How many people go to 10 or 15 or 20 doctors and then run around to 10 , 12 and more pharmacies to go fulfill them and sometimes two different doctors in the same day ? " Brown asked . Haim 's most recent prescription was filled March 5 for Vicodin , he said . "  In the weeks before that , more Vicodin , more Valium and other things , " Brown said . "  If you go back to 2009 , you 're talking thousands of pills , " he said . "  You 're talking many , many doctors . I doubt if they know about each other . You 're talking about many , many pharmacies . " The 1980s teen movie star died after collapsing at the Los Angeles apartment he shared with his mother . The illegal prescription ring involved the use of stolen identities from doctors to order official prescription pads , Brown said . "  Once they get that prescription pad in the doctor 's name , then they can write a prescription , or they can sell it to someone to write a prescription like Corey Haim , " Brown said . "  Then he can go into the pharmacy and get his legal drugs illegally . " The former child actor also obtained Oxycontin using one of the counterfeit prescriptions last year , Brown said . Despite Brown 's statements , Haim 's manager insists that it was not a drug overdose but a perhaps drug reaction that took the actor 's life . Just weeks before his death , Haim began seeing an addiction specialist to help completely kick his dependence , manager Mark Heaslip said . Heaslip and Haim 's mother suspect that something went wrong with that treatment . "  There was a prescription that was given to him that he had never taken , and he only took one , and I have a funny feeling that he had a reaction to it , " Heaslip said . Haim 's mother told the specialist not to give her son the pills , he said , and Haim fell ill with flu-like symptoms soon after he took just one of the pills . On March 9 , hours before his death , Haim stayed with his mother in the apartment they shared on the edge of Burbank , California . "  It was like he had a flu , but he was slurring like an overdose , " Heaslip said . "  He was very coherent and talked normal . " The loss is harder for family and friends to grasp because it came at a time when Haim had much to live for . He was helping his mother with her cancer treatments , using income from two recent feature film roles to pay her medical bills , Heaslip said . Several prescription drug bottles were taken from Haim 's apartment , Deputy Coroner Winter said Friday . Although the bottles indicated that the drugs included Vicodin , Valium and Soma , no tests have been done to confirm what they are , he said . Haim had a prescription for the muscle relaxer Soma and the narcotic pain reliever Norco filled at a pharmacy February 26 , a source with knowledge of the transaction said . Two days after Haim picked up the drugs , his primary care doctor called the San Fernando Valley pharmacy to ask about the prescriptions , the source said . The doctor said "  Haim was not feeling well " and he needed to know what drugs had been prescribed , the source said . The source , who worked at the pharmacy , asked not to be identified because his employer had not authorized him to talk . Brown said Haim got prescriptions from four or five different doctors in the past three months . Heaslip said he had talked to Haim in recent months about the dangers of easy access to prescription narcotics . Haim said he wanted California legislators to pass "  Corey 's law , " which he said should prevent doctors from prescribing more than a three-day supply of addictive drugs at one time , his manager said . In recent years , the actor was reunited with longtime friend and frequent co-star Corey Feldman in a reality show . "  The Two Coreys " ran for two seasons on the A&E Network before it was canceled . Haim 's most famous role was in the 1987 movie "  The Lost Boys , " in which he also appeared with Feldman . Haim played the role of a fresh-faced teenager whose brother becomes a vampire .	California attorney general wo n't reveal details of arrest He said last week that actor 's death was linked to prescription drug ring Haim , 38 , had pneumonia , enlarged heart , water in lungs when he died March 10 Actor 's manager suggests drug reaction , not overdose , killed him
CNN  -- One firefighter was injured during the night while battling wildfires that are causing evacuations in Northern California , a fire official said Monday . Two fires were burning , affecting about 5,000 acres , according to Julie Hutchinson of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . She said the fires started about the same time Sunday . Hutchinson did n't have an update on the medical status of the firefighter injured . Three subdivisions are under mandatory evacuation orders , including 480 homes in Long Valley and Spring Valley in Lake County . The larger of the two fires -- 3,000 acres -- threatens those communities and has destroyed three buildings already . The fire is 25 % contained , Hutchinson said . The other fire -- burning not far away along the same road , California State Highway 20 -- is 2,000 acres , causing fire officials to order to order people in Wilbur Hot Springs to leave . The fire is 30 % contained . Officials say the fires likely will stay separated . About 320 fire personnel were fighting the fires , Hutchinson said . Photos : Wildfire photographer Kari Greer goes inside the inferno CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : One firefighter is injured and three structures are destroyed , a fire official says Two wildfires are burning in Lake County , California The fires started about the same time at two spots along a highway , an official says About 5,000 acres have been burned
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Global tourism "  recovered strongly " in 2010 , spurred by emerging economies in Asia , the Middle East and the Americas , for an overall increase of 6.7 percent , to 935 million international tourist arrivals , the U.N. World Tourism Organization said Monday . All regions had increased tourist arrivals in 2010 after the 4 percent global decline in tourism in 2009 , but Europe and Africa grew more slowly , the Madrid-based UNWTO said in a statement . "  The recovery in international tourism is good news , especially for those developing countries that rely on the sector for much-needed revenue and jobs , " said Taleb Rifai , UNWTO secretary-general . "  The challenge now will be to consolidate this growth over the coming years amid a still uncertain global economic environment " . Asia was the first region to recover and the strongest growing region in 2010 , with a 13 percent increase . International tourist arrivals into Asia reached a new record at 204 million last year , up from 181 million in 2009 . The Middle East registered a 14 percent increase , to 60 million tourist arrivals , the UNWTO said . The Americas overall grew by 8 percent , to 151 million international tourist arrivals . Growth was strongest in South America but the improving U.S. economy also helped improve the region 's results . Africa grew by 6 percent in 2010 , to 49 million tourist arrivals , helped by such events as the FIFA World Cup in South Africa . In 2009 , it was only region in the world not to have a decline in international tourism , the UNWTO said . Europe , the world 's top destination for international tourism , with 471 million arrivals , grew just 3 percent in 2010 , in part due to air traffic disruptions caused by ash from a volcanic eruption in Iceland and "  the economic uncertainty affecting the euro zone , " the UNWTO said . UNWTO forecast continued tourism sector growth this year but at a slower pace , for a 4 percent to 5 percent increase in 2011 , which is slightly above the long-term average . The slower growth predicted in 2011 is due in part to "  persistent high unemployment " in parts of the world , and recent moves by various governments to introduce or increase "  taxation on travel as a means of balancing public accounts , " the UNWTO said .	International tourist arrivals increased 6.7 percent Emerging economies in Asia , the Middle East and the Americans led the way Growth in Europe and Africa was slower
Managua , Nicaragua  CNN  -- Nicaragua 's election officials have officially declared President Daniel Ortega 's victory , but opponents are protesting the results . A report from the Organization of American States indicated "  irregularities in the elections , " but supported official results saying that Ortega won re-election after garnering more than 62 % of votes . "  A process is legitimate if the people feel that there wishes were respected , and that is what we are experiencing here , " said Roberto Rivas , president of Nicaragua 's election authority . But protests and clashes throughout the country after the November 6 elections have left at least four people dead and dozens injured , police said . According to a report presented by the Organization of American States ' election observers , irregularities during elections included problems providing identification card to vote , problems in the accreditation of observers and imbalances in political parties present at polling stations . For opponents of Ortega , the report shows evidence of fraud . "  Obviously here transparency is missing . They did n't take a series of legal steps that they should have , " said Eduardo Montealegre , a representative from the opposition Independent Liberal Party . The Organization of American States says its vote count echoes the official election results . But one local pro-democracy group says the problems the organization identified would equally impact their own tallies . "  It 's not that the results changed on the way  to be counted  , it 's that the absolute power of the councils overseeing the polls did not allow any challenges , " said Roberto Bendana , president of We Make Democracy . Last week U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland weighed in over reports of procedural irregularities and voter intimidation . "  Frankly , if the Nicaraguan government had nothing to hide , it should have allowed a broad complement of international monitors , " she told reporters in Washington . Disputes over the results have caused confrontations between protesters and authorities , said Marcos Carmona , executive secretary of Nicaragua 's Permanent Human Rights Commission . "  We have reports from different citizens about aggression on the part of the National Police , " he said , including the deaths of a father and two sons . Last week a National Police spokesman said the three had died during clashes with supporters of Ortega 's Sandinista party , adding that protesters had provoked clashes with police . "  As the National Police , we reiterate our call to the activists and directors of the different political parties , to not use violence and to express their positions through civic means , respecting , above all , the lives of others , " police spokesman Fernando Borge said . Ortega was first elected as Nicaragua 's president in 1984 , and ran unsuccessfully in 1990 , 1996 and 2001 before being elected again in 2006 . He is known as an ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and was a public supporter of former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi during the Libyan uprising . But recently he has reached for the middle , making overtures to the business class and promising to lure foreign investors into the country . His third term is scheduled to begin January 10 . But opposition representatives say they plan to dispute election results before international organizations . Journalist Samantha Lugo and CNN 's Fernando del Rincon contributed to this report .	Official results say Ortega won reelection with more than 62 % of votes Police say protests and clashes throughout the country have left at least four dead The Organization of American States reports irregularities , but ratifies the results A human rights representative says police are behind violence , but police blame protesters
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Toyota has added the brake systems of the latest Lexus hybrid vehicles to a growing list of problems with various models , the company said Friday . The company said it was checking the brakes on the Lexus vehicle model HS250h -- as well as a Japanese model called the Sai -- because they use the same system as that used on the 2010 Toyota Prius . Toyota has announced no recall of these vehicles , however , and said it has not received any complaints about the brakes from consumers . But the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration announced Thursday it is opening a formal investigation into problems with the Prius , Toyota 's fourth-best selling model in the United States and the best-selling model in Japan . The company has acknowledged a software glitch that is causing problems with its braking . It said it is looking further at the best way to repair the problem . On Thursday , Ford announced that it was changing the software in the braking system for its Fusion and Mercury Milan hybrids to correct an occasion glitch in the old software . Ford said no injuries had been reported involving the problem . The Fusion/Milan 's issue seemed less serious than that of the Prius , said David Champion , the head of auto testing at Consumer Reports . The NHTSA investigation involves only 2010 model year Prius hybrids , which went on sale in the middle of last year . There are only 37,000 of those vehicles on the road , according to the agency . The Prius , which is built in Japan , is not one of the eight models affected by two recent recalls -- covering several million vehicles -- to fix problems with sticking gas pedals . All of those models were built at North American plants . NHTSA said its Office of Defects investigation has received 124 reports from consumers about problems with the Prius brakes , including four reports that involved crashes and two that resulted in injuries . No fatalities have been reported . Investigators have spoken with consumers and conducted preliminary field work . Late Wednesday , Toyota President Akio Toyoda spoke with U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood , reassuring him that Toyota takes U.S. safety concerns seriously and puts safety at the top of the company 's priorities , according to NHTSA 's statement . Toyota had only limited comment on the probe . "  We have heard about NHTSA 's intention to begin an investigation . Toyota will cooperate fully with NHTSA 's investigation , " the company said in a statement . Even if the solution ends up being a relatively simple and inexpensive software adjustment , the Prius braking problems come at a bad time for Toyota , which has seen its prized reputation for quality and safety badly damaged by the recalls and the news attention given to them . The company has estimated that the problem with the gas pedals will cost it about 100,000 sales this year and $ 2 billion in repair costs and lost revenue . Other experts say the problem could be more long-lasting if consumers who once trusted the Toyota brand decide to shop elsewhere . The Prius problem is a "  disconnect " in the vehicle 's complex anti-lock brake system that causes less than a one-second lag before the brakes start to work , Toyota said Thursday . At 60 mph , though , a vehicle will have traveled nearly another 90 feet before the brakes begin to take hold . The company also said it changed the braking system software in January for vehicles built since then . But it has yet to determine how to fix the brakes of vehicles already on the road . CNN 's Kyung Lah and CNNMoney.com 's Peter Valdes-Dapena and Chris Isidore contributed to this report .	Toyota has admitted to a software glitch that is causing problems with braking Toyota : Prius "  disconnect " in anti-lock brake system causes less than a second lag Prius is not one of the eight models affected by two recent recalls Toyota estimates the problem with gas pedals will cost it $ 2 billion , 100,000 sales
EW.com  -- Mob wives , devious maids and a magical Manhattan are among the pilot ideas just ordered by ABC . The quartet of one-hour pilot orders include a new drama from "  Desperate Housewives " creator Marc Cherry , a conspiracy thriller from "  Prison Break " creator Paul Scheuring and a mafia drama from "  Dexter " writer Melissa Rosenberg . Here 's the rundown : "  Gotham " Logline : After pursuing a seemingly unsolvable case , a female cop discovers a magical world that exists within New York City . A world that goes unseen by normal humans , and takes all of the familiar NY landmarks and reinvents them in a magical otherworldly manner . Written and executive produced by Michael Green through 20th Century Fox Television . "  Zero Hour " Logline : A bizarre twist of fate pulls a man who 's spent 20 years as the editor of a skeptics magazine into one of the most compelling conspiracies in human history . Written and executive produced by Paul Scheuring through ABC Studios . Lorenzo DiBonaventura and Dan McDermott are also attached to executive produce . "  Devious Maids " Logline : Based on the Mexican format , this soap follows four maids with ambition and dreams of their own while they work for the rich and famous in Beverly Hills . Written and executive produced by Marc Cherry through ABC Studios . Sabrina Wind is also attached to executive produce . "  Penoza " Logline : Based on the Dutch format , PENOZA centers on the widow of an assassinated criminal who is forced to adopt her husband 's role in a crime syndicate in order to protect her family . Written and executive produced by Melissa Rosenberg through ABC Studios . Endemol Studios , Alon Aranya and Howard Klein are also attached to executive produce . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A female cop discovers a magical world that exists within New York City in "  Gotham " A bizarre twist of fate pulls a man into compelling conspiracies in "  Zero Hour " Based on the Mexican format , "  Devious Maids " follows four maids with ambition
Washington  CNN  -- The aging veterans gingerly walk from the plane in the nation 's capital . Some get pushed in wheelchairs . A brass band strikes up World War II era tunes . Strangers rise to their feet and clap their hands . "  Why are they doing this ? " says Frank Bales , 86 , a co-pilot on a B-24 during World War II . "  I feel as humbled as a mouse . " Walter Victor was overwhelmed as he made his way through the crowd . "  The chills came over me . Very seldom do you see something like that , " says the 92-year-old army veteran . These World War II veterans have traveled here to visit the National World War II Memorial , which honors the 16 million U.S. armed forces who served and the more than 400,000 who died in battle . The vets made the trip thanks to a former employee at the Department of Veterans Affairs . A physician 's assistant at the VA in Springfield , Ohio , Earl Morse was struck by the WWII vets he treated and how few made the journey to see the memorial that honors them . "  They dedicated the WWII memorial in May of 2004 , 60 years after the war had ended . That was a cause of celebration in my clinic . All of the veterans wanted to see it but they were in poor health or did n't have the means to visit it . " "  Reality set in , " Morse says , "  they were never going to see their memorial . " Morse was determined to change that , because he so admired the quiet grit and heroism of the unassuming men he treated every day . He took his cause to a local air club . "  I stood before 150 pilots and told them I was going to start flying WWII veterans to Washington . I said if you want to help me , the WWII veteran does n't pay a penny . You 'll have to rent an airplane and cover all the travel costs . " "  Honor Flight " took to the skies in May of 2005 . Six planes flew 12 veterans . The next month , eight planes flew 16 veterans . Today , it operates like a volunteer airline , with 86 hubs in 33 states . Instead of renting small planes , they charter Boeing jets , thanks to donations that keep the planes in the sky . So far , more than 30,000 veterans have experienced a visit to the memorial , courtesy of Honor Flight . "  Witnessing their emotions is what fuels our cause . When you see WWII veterans break down in tears because they had no idea how much this nation reveres , cherishes and loves them for what they 've done , it really overwhelms them , " Morse says . In the days and weeks before each Honor Flight , an army of ground volunteers coordinates every detail of each trip -- from the buses that pick them up to the meals they eat . Shortly after Bales and his group arrived in Washington this day , they were taken by bus to the memorial . Many said they were stunned by its size and scope . Inscriptions carved in granite recognize specific battles that were fought in Europe and across the Pacific . A wall of stars marks the high price of freedom . They paused to remember the 448,000 who died in the war -- and their fellow survivors who did n't live to see this moment . "  Each of those stars represents 100 men and women who died in WWII , and I realized that my division has almost 39 stars on that wall , " said Tom Rone , 85 , who stormed the bullet-ridden beaches on Guadalcanal as a platoon sergeant with the Marines . Morse says the trip often provides closure for the vets who visit . Many veterans open up at the memorial and speak in detail for the first time about what they went through . "  I 've had exchanges with veterans that are jaw dropping , " Morse says . "  You ca n't fathom what it 's like to have experienced what they went through fighting for their lives . " The same "  Honor Flight " that transported the veterans to Washington returns them back home , landing just 12 hours after it took off . The elderly warriors seem renewed rather than exhausted by their whirlwind trip . "  I will never forget this , " say 86-year-old Marcus Lee Long , who served in the Pacific on the USS Ellet . "  Everybody is so happy and treating us so nice . " Allen Pittard , 88 , added , "  I feel so fortunate to be here . So many did n't make it . " For Morse , the founder of Honor Flight , the end of each flight is a bittersweet experience . His mission continues with an air of urgency , because less than 10 percent of the Americans who served in World War II are still alive . An estimated 1,200 WWII veterans die every day . "  In another five to seven years , our efforts will be a moot point because they will be gone or too infirm to participate in a mission like this , " he says .	Program called Honor Flight takes WWII vets to see memorial in Washington Honor Flight has taken 30,000 vets to D.C. since it began in 2005 "  I 've had exchanges with veterans that are jaw dropping , " founder says WW II vet on the trip : "  I feel as humbled as a mouse "
Atlanta  CNN  -- Once upon a time , in a dark corner of CNN 's Atlanta headquarters , there was a messy pile of VHS tapes covered in remnants of packing tape . It was January 2005 , shortly after an earthquake had triggered a massive tsunami in the Indian Ocean . CNN , along with many news organizations , had put out a call for footage of the event . With mailing instructions . Like , physical mail . What came back were tapes of all colors and sizes , sent over the course of several weeks , that showed dramatic footage of the event captured by people who had lived through it . For the rest of us , seeing those waves push through entire towns helped us understand how truly enormous and ruinous the tsunami had been and how much help would be needed to overcome it . That 's the magic of television storytelling . Images and sound take you right into the heart of events and make it possible to imagine what it must have been like , to sympathize and understand . But the professionals and their cameras are not always there when the story breaks . Hence the box of tsunami tapes in early 2005 . Over the next few months , we 'd see a parade of breakthrough moments in digital citizen journalism , the beginnings of a new , much faster and more efficient model for collecting and sharing the events that shape our world . There were the dark , blurry cell phone photos from Londoners trapped underground after the July 2005 subway bombings . And the launch of YouTube and the explosion of user-created online video . Then the drama and heartbreak of first-person accounts from many of the people who lived through Hurricane Katrina . Tiny , pocket-sized digital cameras and media-capable cell phones meant the people living through a story could easily tell it and have their voices heard . It was the start of a new world for newsgathering and journalism . iReport was born into that world on August 2 , 2006 . It started as a very simple webpage that invited news of all stripes to be sent to CNN . Today it 's a community of nearly 900,000 people worldwide who share stories and images of the things that matter to them . Very often those stories influence the way CNN approaches the news . For nearly every major news event of the past five years -- from the 2007 shooting on the campus of Virginia Tech to today 's uprisings in the Middle East -- iReporters have shared first-person views of the stories they lived through and changed the way the rest of us understood what happened and what we should think about it . More than that , though , iReport has led the way in shaping a model for a news organization to report and tell the story of an event together with its audience . So . This is probably a good place to insert a short history or a bulleted list of things we 've learned along the way . But instead , I think I 'll tell a handful of stories , all first-person and unapologetically subjective , just like most of my favorite iReports .  If you 're reading this story on CNN.com , flip through the photo gallery on top to see the short history . One : The first day Honestly , we were a little bored . There were four of us on the iReport desk , all borrowed from other parts of CNN . We 'd raced to get everything in order -- a zillion development tests and workflow documents and long meetings in intimidating conference rooms -- but once we flipped the switch , we just had to wait for something to come in . Our upload form had a headline that read "  What 's happening where you are ? " The big idea , of course , being that news is open to interpretation . We were hoping our audience would let us know theirs by posting what mattered to them . It was a fairly heavy news day for the middle of the summer : Israel and Lebanon were fighting a war , and it was deadly hot in much of the United States . iReport ? Pretty quiet . And then came the squirrel . James Christie was sweltering in Kokomo , Indiana , and spotted what looked like a very hot and exhausted squirrel stretched out on a tree branch . He snapped a photo , posted it to iReport , we called him up and before we knew it , saw it on TV . On CNN ! A squirrel ! And would n't you know , moments after it aired , someone else posted another one . Silly as it was , that photo became one of the first iReport "  assignments " -- in this case , "  Show us how hot it is where you are " -- and helped us figure out that there 's a lot more to building a community than turning the lights on . Like , giving people ideas about how to join in , and paying off participation . Of course ! It 's so obvious . But there we were , at the beginning of a giant experiment , starting to figure out how to listen and adapt and keep going while everyone watched . Two : Indecent exposure Every social media platform has its a-ha story , the one image or piece of footage that cements its status as something that matters . For iReport , it might be Jamal Albarghouti 's shocking cell phone video from the 2007 Virginia Tech shootings . It 's most certainly not a security camera video of a man in a parking lot urinating in a gas tank then walking away . But , for better or worse , that 's the one that made us stop and argue and articulate the ethos of this thing we were building . It was April 2008 , not long after we 'd launched iReport.com , a full-on website for iReport complete with a new suite of community tools and instant publishing for users . iReporter Eric Bower posted a video that looked like a security camera shot of a parking lot . A man walks on screen , unzips his pants , opens the gas tank on a car and , well ... . He 's still there when a group of bike cops pedal by , spot him and proceed to chase him down the street . The video is hilarious and super-watchable , and was already racking up page views and comments without the usual promotional help from CNN . And it 's real -- we easily checked the facts by making a few phone calls . But dude . Is this what iReport was all about ? Shining light on stupid tricks caught on video ? The argument came down to whether we should put it on the CNN.com homepage . Team iReport had recently scored a sweet deal with homepage editors , who agreed to showcase one excellent iReport every day . We were building momentum for a new site , so it was on us to pick something great and clickable that would entice the millions of people who visit CNN.com every day to get on the iReport train . So far we 'd highlighted a video of tornado damage in downtown Atlanta , photos of police pushing back riots in Belgrade and footage of a protester hanging a Tibetan flag outside the Chinese embassy in Paris . And then there was the urinating in the gas tank . Would it get people over to iReport ? Oh yes . Would they watch and comment and share with their friends ? Probably . Would they remember iReport as the place for local news that deserves national attention ? Um , yeah , no . After round and round of escalating debate , we put it on the homepage for , like , an hour . We collected some cheap pageviews , thought better of it , pulled it down , and ended up with a much clearer sense of who we were and what we stood for . At the end the day , it 's on us to make editorial choices that articulate what we 're here for . And that 's inviting people in to be part of stories that matter . This one just did n't . Three : Give a little bit Years later , when a massive earthquake struck Haiti in January 2010 , iReport had well established itself as a powerful center for newsgathering and storytelling at CNN . It had put voters at the front of the story of the 2008 U.S. presidential election and was at the heart of the network 's coverage of election protests in Iran in 2009 . But when the quake struck Haiti , we saw something new . People who had loved ones in Haiti and could n't reach them started using iReport to post photos of missing people along with pleas for help . It was n't long before several thousand had stacked up , each one in a slightly different format . A small army of volunteers worked on couches and conference calls for days and nights to organize it all into a cohesive database that we could share with Google and the Red Cross and try to find people relief or at least answers . CNN started showing the names and images on television and helped create some amazing reunions . I could n't be prouder of that work and what it means . But what stands out to me most about it today is that what made it possible is that we had in iReport -- both at CNN and in the community at large -- an extraordinarily caring , dedicated and kind group of people who 'd learned over the years how to work together to make something much bigger than any of them could do on their own . And at CNN , we 'd learned to invite people into our process in real-time , in a spirit of collaboration and exchange and work that needed doing . Four : What 's next This is less a story and more a prediction , or maybe a birthday wish . If we get this right , the future of iReport is in more and deeper collaboration , among one another and also between CNN and the people it serves . Here at iReport and CNN , it started in the way we approached the Haiti database , and you can see it in projects like Katrina : Then and Now and even our walk around the world video . It 's certainly the heart of the Open Story approach CNN has used to bring iReporters and CNNers together on stories such as this year 's earthquake in Japan and flooding along the Mississippi River . It 's about connecting the many voices and expertise and activity that you need to make a story come to life . Happy birthday , iReport . May we all get there together .	CNN 's citizen journalism initiative , iReport , is 5 years old The first iReport on TV was a hot squirrel Since then , iReport has been integral to most major news stories of the past 5 years Our prediction for what 's next ? Collaboration is the future
CNN  -- A Palestinian diplomat and his wife were injured in an explosion Wednesday inside their house in the northern Prague neighborhood of Suchdol , officials said . Police identified the victims as Jamal al Jamal , 57 , and his 52-year-old wife . Al Jamal was taken to Prague Military Hospital , where he was in an induced coma with serious injuries , said Jirina Ernestova , a spokeswoman for Prague Emergency Services . His wife was taken to Motol Hospital after inhaling smoke and suffering from shock , Ernestova said . The couple 's son , who was also in the house , was not hurt , police said .	Police identified the victims as Jamal al Jamal , 57 , and his 52-year-old wife Al Jamal was taken to a hospital , where he was in an induced coma with serious injuries His wife was taken to a hospital after inhaling smoke and suffering from shock
Santiago de Compostela , Spain  CNN  -- The driver of a train that derailed in northwestern Spain , killing at least 78 people , is under detention and is being investigated for "  a crime , " the regional police chief said Friday . Investigations into the cause of the crash are still under way , but suggestions that the train was traveling too fast have come to the fore . Police are guarding the hospital bed where the driver was placed in detention Thursday afternoon , Maria Pardo Rios , a spokeswoman for the Galicia regional supreme court , told CNN . Investigators are expected to ask the train driver , who is under formal investigation , more questions on Friday . The case has not yet been turned over by police to judicial authorities , she said . Spain train crash victim : ` It felt like a roller coaster ' Galicia regional police chief Jaime Iglesias on Friday confirmed that the driver is under police detention because of "  a crime . " Asked the follow-up question , "  What crime ? " he responded : "  Well ... in connection to the accident , in connection with his recklessness , in connection with causing the accident . " The crash on the outskirts of Santiago de Compostela , a city popular with tourists and Christian pilgrims , late Wednesday shocked the Galician region and the nation . The crumpled wreckage of the eight train cars sent careering onto their sides when the train derailed has now been removed from the tracks , but the grim task of identifying the dead continues . A spokeswoman for the Galician regional government told CNN at least 78 people are confirmed dead and the number could rise to 80 . Of the dead , 72 have been identified , she said . A spokeswoman for the department of health in the Galicia region said 81 people are still being treated in hospitals , 31 of them in a critical condition . Of those 31 , three are children . Those hospitalized include 31 from Galicia , 38 from other Spanish regions and eight from Argentina , Colombia , Peru , the United States and Britain . The nationalities of four others have not been established . An American woman identified as Ana-Maria Cordoba from Arlington , Virginia , is among the dead . And at least five other U.S. citizens were injured , said State Department deputy spokeswoman Marie Harf . The unidentified remains will be sent for DNA testing in Madrid , police Superintendent Antonio del Amo said at a news conference Friday . The process could take days or even weeks , he said . Conflicting accounts have emerged in the past two days over the number of people killed and injured . Del Amo explained the confusion by pointing out that the operation was very complex and involved a difficult accident scene . Questions over train 's speed Spanish news agency Efe and national daily El Pais cited sources within the investigation as saying that the driver had said the train was traveling about 190 kilometers per hour  120 mph  . Elena Garcia , a spokeswoman for national railway Renfe , on Friday did not disclose the speed the train was traveling on an express track , where cars can move as fast as 250 kph . She did say , though , the speed limit for the bend of track where the crash occurred is 80 kph . Rafael Catala , secretary of state for transport and housing , told Spanish radio network Cadena SER that the "  tragedy appears to be linked to the train going too fast , " but that the reasons it was going so fast are not yet known . Workers were using a large crane to remove the train 's two engines , one at the front and the other at the rear , from the track Friday morning . The express passenger service was nearing the end of a six-hour trip from Madrid to the town of Ferrol in northwest Spain when it derailed at 8:41 p.m. Wednesday , the state railway said . Security footage revealed how , as the train hurtled around a bend , its cars derailed and slammed on their sides into a concrete support structure for a bridge . Survivor : We looked like the walking dead Flames burst out of one train car as another car was snapped in half in the crash . Rescue crews and fellow passengers pulled bodies through broken windows and pried open doors as stunned survivors looked on . Stephen Ward , an 18-year-old from Bountiful , Utah , who is in Spain serving on a Mormon religious mission , was one of the lucky ones . Still patched up and wearing a neck brace , he told CNN 's "  New Day " show of his ordeal -- and his relief that he made it out alive and without permanent injury . Ward was writing his journal when he noticed from information on a screen across from him that the train was going "  very , very fast . " "  We went round a sharp turn and all of a sudden you could tell one set of wheels left the rails , " he said . "  We were just riding on one set of wheels for two or three seconds . " Luggage started falling from the overhead racks "  and then after one or two seconds , you could feel us leave the other set of the tracks and the train rotated about 90 degrees . " Ward blacked out before the train hit the ground , regaining consciousness only as he was being helped out of the train . He registered nothing of the chaos inside and it took him a couple of minutes to grasp that what he was seeing outside was not a dream -- and that people were dead . "  They were helping out other people -- there were bodies , there was screaming , there was smoke . " The survivors looked like the walking dead , he said . "  I 've got staples all over my scalp , I was covered in blood . They 've scrubbed most of it off me now but everyone was just covered in their own blood and occasionally the blood of others . It was gruesome to say the least . " Ward , who has already fought off a rare intestinal cancer , said he was very thankful to have survived this latest brush with death and he wants to continue his two-year mission in Spain . Another victim , speaking from a hospital bed with his arm in a sling , told CNN affiliate Atlas that it seemed like the train was going fast . "  But we did n't know what was the maximum speed , so I thought it was normal , " he said , "  And suddenly there was a curve , the suitcases fell , and everything went dark . And I hit my head a ton of times , and 10 seconds later I was wedged between seats , and I had people 's legs on top of me . " As he waited for rescuers to pull him from the wreckage , he heard other passengers yelling . "  I heard little children screaming . ... I also heard two girls that yelled out , one supporting the other , " he said . U.S. citizen killed on way to see her son When the train crashed , Ana-Maria Cordoba was on the way with her husband and their daughter to visit her son , who had been on a pilgrimage in Spain , the Catholic Diocese of Arlington told CNN . Cordoba , who worked for the diocese , was killed , spokesman Michael Donahue said . Her husband and daughter are hospitalized in stable condition , the diocese said . CNN 's Houston affiliate KHOU named a couple from the Texas city , Robert and Myrta Fariza , as also being among the injured Americans . According to an image it published of a note apparently posted on the door of their home , Myrta Fariza is in critical condition . Her husband was also injured but is "  recovering well , " it said . Interim charge d'affaires Luis G. Moreno at the U.S. Embassy in Madrid said it was in touch "  with families of some injured American citizens . " A British citizen was also among the injured , UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said . The state rail company , Renfe , stated that 218 passengers were on the manifest . It 's not clear how many crew and staff were aboard the train . ` We cry for the victims ' Spain 's King Juan Carlos and his wife , Queen Sofia , visited a hospital in Santiago de Compostela on Thursday evening to meet some of those who were injured . "  All Spaniards , we are united at this time . ... Really all Spaniards join in the pain of the families of the dead , " he said . "  We hope that the wounded will recover , little by little . " The royal family canceled all events scheduled for the day out of respect for the day of mourning , the royal household told CNN . Alberto Nunez Feijoo , head of the regional government in Galicia , declared seven days of mourning in the region for victims of the tragedy . In a speech , he said "  all of the community cries about the tragedy that we are living , we cry for the victims , we cry for the unease and sadness of the families . " Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy viewed the scene of devastation and visited some of the hospitalized crash victims Thursday . Rajoy , who is from Santiago de Compostela , said two investigations are under way . "  We want to establish what happened , " he said . The prime minister declared three days of national mourning to honor the victims of the crash . The crash came on the eve of a public holiday to celebrate a saint 's day , when more people than usual may have been traveling in the region . Planned festivities in Santiago de Compostela and across Galicia were canceled after the crash . CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported from Santiago de Compostela and Laura Perez Maestro from Galicia . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Al Goodman , Lindsay Isaac , Jonathan Helman , Catherine E. Shoichet , Elwyn Lopez , Patrick Sung , Jill Dougherty and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : The speed limit where the crash happened was 80 kph , rail official says The driver of the train is under police detention , Galicia police chief says At least 78 are dead ; DNA tests to be done on some remains , official and police say "  There were bodies , there was screaming , there was smoke , " says survivor from Utah
ZURICH , Switzerland  CNN  -- As I watched Cristiano Ronaldo receive the FIFA World Player of the Year award in Zurich , I could n't help feeling a deep sense of satisfaction , as the 23 year-old Portuguese international once again proved all his doubters wrong . Cristiano Ronaldo shows emotion after being named the FIFA World Player of the Year for 2008 . Especially the ones in England . In the days leading up to the awards ceremony , there were various rumors circulating that the Manchester United star was going to be pipped by Leo Messi on Tuesday night . I was asked several times in London whether I really thought Ronaldo was going to win . Whether he really deserved it . It was as if many in the British press did n't want him to take home another award . Do you think Cristiano Ronaldo is shown enough respect ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . The fierce attack on his lifestyle by the tabloids after he crashed his Ferrari last week just accentuated the fact that in the UK , he still has earned little respect . Never mind that he was about to become the first Premier League Player to win this prestigious award . Never mind he has been the competition 's biggest ambassador and promoter overseas . Too many in the English media , he was still a diver on the field , and a petulant rock star off it . Now I am not going to sit here and say that my compatriot Cristiano is perfect . He is n't and he makes mistakes . But the same can be said about Wayne Rooney or any of the other English internationals . When Rooney charges down the referee and shouts obscenities in his face without even being booked , as was the case in last weekend 's match against Chelsea , is he called arrogant or petulant ? No . When he goes seven or eight matches without a goal , is he suddenly branded overrated ? No . So all I am asking for here is a little respect . If Ronaldo was English , I am sure in the eyes of the British press he would be virtually untouchable , but although he 's not , just give him a break . After all , he had an incredible 2007/2008 season which saw him score 42 goals in 49 matches and win virtually every major trophy on offer . And he 's a great ambassador for the game . Pedro Pinto is a CNN sports correspondent based in London .	Cristiano Ronaldo won the FIFA Player of the Year for 2008 in Zurich , Monday CNN 's Pedro Pinto says he is not shown enough respect by media Pinto : "  Ronaldo is a great ambassador for the game "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- An anonymous client wants to buy the Kim Kardashian sex tape from the porn company that owns it so it can be taken off the websites where people now pay to view it , according to a lawyer . The porn video , made with R&B singer Ray J , brought Kardashian celebrity and launched her reality show career , but she entered a new phase of her life with her marriage this month to NBA player Kris Humphries . Nashville attorney Adam Dread confirmed to CNN he sent a letter to Vivid Entertainment on Monday asking to start negotiations for the sex tape 's sale . "  Recently , I was approached by a private party who asked us to look into the possibility of acquiring all rights  and copies  of the Vivid ` Kim Kardashian Sex Tape , ' " Dread wrote in the letter obtained by CNN . Dread would not disclose the name of his client to CNN , saying "  Unless I 'm told otherwise , this is all confidential . " Kardashian and her representative did not respond to CNN 's call for comment . A representative for Ray J also did not comment when contacted . The video , which is viewable online for a fee , drew dramatically increased traffic during the weekend of Kardashian 's much-publicized wedding to Humphries , Vivid chief Steven Hirsch said . Hirsch has not yet responded to Dread 's offer , the lawyer said . "  I was surprised to receive the attorney 's letter offering to buy kimksuperstar.com , " Hirsch told CNN Tuesday . "  Initially , I thought the offer was n't real , but after reading it through a second time , I am definitely intrigued . " "  I 'm happy to talk numbers anytime , " Dread said when CNN read him Hirsch 's response . Kardashian sued Vivid four years ago when Vivid first made the sex tape public . The legal battle ended with a monetary settlement in which Kardashian would share in the profits , Hirsch said . Dread 's letter to Vivid said his client "  does not intend to distribute or broadcast the ` tape , ' but hopes to completely remove it from the market . " He also offered to "  purchase any other footage you may have control of that involves Ms. Kardashian . " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	A Nashville lawyer wants to negotiate with a porn company to buy the video Kardashian recorded the sex tape with singer Ray J She reached an agreement with Vivid to share in the profits in 2007 , Vivid says
Improving views of the economy have helped hike President Barack Obama 's approval rating to a 20-month high , a new CNN/ORC poll showed Tuesday , as markets climbed to record levels at news of an economy in overdrive . More Americans still disapprove of the job Obama is doing as President . But at 48 % , Obama 's approval rating is at its highest point in CNN polling since May 2013 . The gains were driven by newfound backing among women , independents and millennials -- groups where Obama 's approval numbers jumped 10 percentage points from a month ago . RELATED : Read the entire CNN/ORC poll Meanwhile , Obama 's approval numbers ticked down among men , Republicans and Americans between 35 and 49 years old . The approval jump follows a late-quarter jolt in Obama 's governing agenda , which gained momentum after unilateral actions on immigration and relations with Cuba . Separate surveys have showed those moves popular among the American people . It all amounts to some welcome good news for Obama , whose unpopularity -- despite consistently improving economic conditions -- led to widespread losses for his party in November 's midterm elections . Tuesday 's poll still reflected pervasive disaffection for Obama : 56 % of respondents said the President has fallen short of their expectations , and 49 % said his policies would take the country in the wrong direction . The steady economic recovery has posed a conundrum for the White House , which wants some credit for decisions that helped pull the country from last decade 's recession . To the frustration of Obama and his aides , polls until recently showed Americans largely pessimistic about the country 's financial state , despite solid job growth and a bull market on Wall Street . In public remarks -- even those unrelated to the economy -- Obama has touted the latest positive economic sign . But even as the unemployment rate dipped below 6 % , a large portion of Americans were still gloomy about the economy . That 's because of how people felt about their own economic standing , which for many still includes stagnant wages or jobs in low-paying service fields . But as the recovery powers on , and the days of the downturn fade further into the past , Americans appear to have turned the page in their views of the economy . Tuesday 's CNN/ORC poll showed for the first time in seven years , a majority of Americans -- 51 % -- have a positive view of the economy , a sharp increase from the 38 % who felt that way in October . The jump was present in every demographic group -- men , women , whites , non-whites , urban , rural -- and was largest among Americans who earn less than $ 50,000 annually . Americans ' increasingly positive economic views parallel a drop in gas prices -- a phenomenon most experts say a President has little control over . And they come as new data show the American economy growing at a surging rate . The Commerce Department said Tuesday that gross domestic product grew at 5 % in the third quarter -- its fastest pace in more than a decade . Stocks rose sharply , with the Dow Jones Industrial Average topping 18,000 for the first time ever and the S&P 500 also reaching new heights . RELATED : Cuba releases Alan Gross , paves way for historic easing of sanctions with Cuba	New poll shows Obama 's approval rating at 20-month high Americans starting to feel positive about economy More Americans still disapprove of Obama 's job performance than approve
CNN  -- Once upon a time , the U.S. Census Bureau was a thriving hub of technological innovation . Before the 1890 census , for example , the bureau commissioned the first punch-card machine for data entry , enabling the bureau to tabulate its surveys of the national population in three years instead of seven . Then , in the 1940s and '50s , the Census funded what 's been called the world 's first commercial computer -- the Universal Automatic Computer , or UNIVAC 1 -- which counted electrical impulses using vacuum tubes . Today , however , critics see the census -- done every 10 years -- as a technological dinosaur . "  It 's 2011 . It 's time the Census Bureau got away from the 1920 technology , " said Jay Waite , a former deputy director of the agency who says he left over its failure to adopt new technologies in recent years . While countries like Canada , Brazil and Norway use smartphones , the internet and smartly connected government databases to get relatively fast and cheap counts of their populations , the United States ' census is a pen-and-paper enterprise , with some census workers even walking door to door to collect results . "  Everybody else is moving that direction . They 're doing it . Not just because they love technology but because they can do so many more things , and they can save a lot of money , " Waite said . Meanwhile , the census ' costs have been rising sharply , often doubling by the decade . The 2010 census cost an estimated $ 14 billion , or about $ 100 per household , which still was under its initial budget . In 2010 dollars , the 2000 census cost $ 8.2 billion , which was twice as expensive as the census taken before that , in 1990 , when the cost was $ 4.1 billion . In 1970 , the census cost $ 1 billion , according to the U.S. Commerce Department . The Census could knock up to 25 percent off of its budget if it adopted current technologies , including internet questionnaires , Waite said . But what would those technological advances look like , exactly ? And would technology be able to solve the Census ' cost problems while maintaining the accuracy of a survey that is supposed to reach every household in this 312 million-person nation ? Here 's a look at technologies that critics say the Census Bureau should consider . Internet instead of paper Perhaps the most obvious way the U.S. Census Bureau lags technologically is that it collects data about the country by mailing surveys to peoples ' homes . Shortcut : Send the forms over the internet . "  A lot of people now are much more accustomed to working with their computer and communicating online and via the internet , " said Robert Goldenkoff , director of strategic issues at the Government Accountability Office , which has written reports on the Census ' use of technology . "  And so people might be more willing to respond via the internet as opposed to filling out the form that they 're mailed . " Canada tried a version of this for its last national census , in 2006 , and it was considered a success . Nearly 19 percent of people responded online rather than on paper forms . To mitigate security concerns , the Canadians sent out paper notices with individual codes to people 's homes . When respondents logged on to complete the survey , they entered that code to identify themselves as the person or people living in that household . Even proponents have concerns about security risks , however . "  It seems like anyone with half a brain would answer the census on the internet . It seems like low-hanging fruit , " Waite said . "  But I ... was never able to be convinced that we could ensure the security and the integrity of the internet answers . When we take your census , we promise you that we will not let anybody but the census see your information . " The U.S. Census Bureau ran tests with internet surveys in 2003 and 2005 , and neither showed significant cost savings , possibly because people then were less familiar with the internet than they are now , said Frank Vitrano , chief of the Decennial Management Division and an architect of the 2010 census . The bureau plans to use online forms in 2020 , he said . "  Maybe we look old-fashioned in not having an internet response option , but I think if you look around the world at censuses that have used internet response options , a lot of times , they 've done it not to look old-fashioned rather than for methodological reasons or cost reductions , " he said . Kenneth Prewitt , former director of the Census Bureau and now a professor at Columbia University 's School of International and Public Affairs , said internet technology is n't a cure-all , however . "  It 's irrational to think the internet would somehow solve " all of the Census ' cost problems , since people would still forget to respond , he said . Smartphones instead of pencils The Census Bureau spends a large percentage of its budget following up with people who do n't answer the questions on the first questionnaire it sends out to homes . The reason for this : The Census aims to be 100 percent accurate . Its figures even have political ramifications , as census data determine how many representatives states send to Congress . Consequently , Census workers are required to contact a person six times if he or she do n't respond . This is called "  non-response follow-up " in census-speak , and it 's a fairly low-tech process , with workers going door to door searching for delinquents , interviewing them and scratching down the answers on paper . Those papers are then sorted by local Census workers , mailed to a processing center , scanned by a text-reading computer and entered into the system . The Census tried to speed up this process by sending workers to peoples ' doors with portable computers -- kind of like tablets or smartphones , except the Census paid to have these gadgets developed because they did n't exist early in the 2000s , when the bureau was planning for 2010 . Those "  handhelds , " as the Census calls them , were built for the government by the Harris Corp. . In pre-census tests , they did n't fare well , and the bureau decided to scrap them . Brazil , meanwhile , has pushed ahead of the U.S. with a smartphone census . And it did so after consulting with the U.S. Census Bureau in 2006 about its plans to use handheld devices , Vitrano said . Terri Ann Lowenthal , a consultant who works with businesses and other stakeholders on census issues , said the fact that the Census Bureau has to plan a decade in advance makes it difficult for it to get the latest technology . "  What is considered cutting-edge or emerging technology now could be obsolete or a lot better nine years from now , " she said . Still , she said , the Census Bureau has been slow to adopt new technology and needs to work more closely with the tech industry to stay on top of trends . She recalls meetings in the early 2000s where Census workers talked about these failed portable computers . At the time , the internet had just become a major force in society , and the idea sounded "  space-age , " she said . "  They 're biting off more they can chew without really considering the steps it will take to get there , " she said . Using available data It 's not as sexy as the internet and smartphones , but several critics of the census said the bureau should do more with data that already exist , rather than collecting all of the information on its own . The Internal Revenue Service , the Social Security Administration , Medicare and local school registries all collect data on the American public . With a little work , the critics said , that data could be standardized and used to supplement the census . This could mean better coordination among government agencies , which sometimes are forbidden by law to share data with each other . Or it could mean a national registry system , which would be updated with addresses and unemployment info continuously , instead of every 10 years . That 's essentially the setup in Norway . "  If we had a national registration system in which everyone 's mobile phone number and e-mail was part of that ID , boy , that would simplify things enormously , " said Prewitt , the Columbia University professor . "  You could save a ton of money . " Getting something like that approved , however , would be a political nightmare because of concerns about privacy and government tracking , he said . "  People say ` Oh , my gosh , the government 's going to come in the middle of the night and rush me off to prison , ' " he said . "  I think a rational conversation -- if one can have one in the United States Congress -- about a national registration system would be a very good thing . " The U.S. Census Bureau plans to research ways government databases could be used as a backup source of information , allowing workers to follow up with people who do n't respond to the first census mailing two or three times instead of six , said the bureau 's Vitrano . It 's unlikely that a government registration number will be on the table for the 2020 census , he said . "  We think there are some opportunities there for cost savings , " he said . Overall , Vitrano said , the census continues to work with new technologies and will push tech boundaries in the future . "  The research we do very often does lead to major innovation technologically , and I think it 's very possible moving forward , " he said .	Critics say the U.S. Census Bureau should adapt to the internet age Canada gives residents the option of submitting forms online ; the U.S. does n't Others urge the bureau to use smartphones in data collection
CNN  Lesley Gore , whose No. 1 hit "  It 's My Party " kicked off a successful singing career while she was still in high school , has died . She was 68 . Her death was confirmed by family friend Blake Morgan , who produced her 2005 album , "  Ever Since . " "  We loved her and we are very sad . She was an incredibly powerful , incredibly beautiful talent , " he said . According to People magazine , the cause of death was cancer . Gore , born Lesley Sue Goldstein , had just turned 17 when "  It 's My Party , " produced by Quincy Jones , topped the charts in June 1963 . The song , about a girl whose party is ruined when she catches her boyfriend , Johnny , with a rival , became a pop classic , its catchy chorus often imitated . She was an overnight success , with fans suddenly converging on her family 's house in Tenafly , New Jersey . "  When the disc jockey ... would say , ` That was Lesley Gore , the sweetie pie from Tenafly , ' well , people just came to Tenafly . You know , I 'd wake up and there were people camped out on the grass , " she said in an interview , according to Biography.com . The follow-ups , "  Judy 's Turn to Cry " and "  She 's a Fool , " were in a similar teen-love vein , but Gore 's next hit , "  You Do n't Own Me , " was something else entirely . "  You Do n't Own Me , " also produced by Jones , was a dramatic assertion of independence and pride . Released in late 1963 , it peaked at No. 2 , kept out of the top spot by the Beatles ' "  I Want to Hold Your Hand . " Over the years the song , written by John Madara and Dave White , became a feminist anthem , recorded by such artists as Dusty Springfield and Joan Jett . During the 2012 presidential campaign , a number of celebrities -- including Lena Dunham , Tavi Gevinson and Carrie Brownstein -- appeared in a commercial lip-synching the song in an effort to urge women to vote . "  It 's hard for me to believe but we 're still fighting for the same things we were then , " Gore wrote on her Facebook page in 2012 . "  Yes , ladies , we 've got to come together and get out there and vote and protect our bodies . They 're ours . Please vote . " The political activism suited Gore . After her singing career started winding down in the late '60s , she volunteered for Robert Kennedy 's 1968 presidential campaign . She later worked for New York politician Bella Abzug and such projects as a Bronx community health organization , healthpeople.org . "  I worked for people like Robert Kennedy and I thought : ` Wow , that 's what it 's about . That 's how you change the world , ' " she told The New York Times in 2005 . She also did some acting , playing Pussycat , a Catwoman sidekick , on the TV series "  Batman . " As an adult Gore came out publicly as a lesbian , though she told the website AfterEllen.com she never tried to hide her sexuality . "  I just never found it was necessary because I really never kept my life private . Those who knew me , those who worked with me , were well aware , " she said in 2005 . "  Times were very different then , so , you know , I just tried to live as normally as humanly possible . But as truthfully as humanly possible . " She had some songwriting success with a tune she co-wrote with her brother Michael , "  Out Here on My Own , " a song from the 1980 film "  Fame " that was nominated for an Oscar , but she went almost 30 years before releasing an album of new material in 2005 . "  Ever Since , " a low-key collection of songs , was "  very sparse , very organic , " Gore told The New York Times . She had continued to perform , however , always ready to trot out "  It 's My Party " and her other hits . "  If I 've learned anything in this business , how stupid would it be not to do ` It 's My Party ' when people come to hear it ? " she said . Gore is survived by her partner of more than 30 years , jewelry designer Lois Sasson . People we lost in 2015 CNN 's Tony Marco contributed to this story .	Lesley Gore hit No. 1 with "  It 's My Party " in 1963 Her hit "  You Do n't Own Me " became feminist anthem Gore was also nominated for an Oscar
CNN  -- Celebrities are no strangers to charity work : Bono created his ONE campaign to fight global poverty , Angelina Jolie travels the world as a United Nations good will ambassador , and the recently named "  Sexiest Man Alive " Bradley Cooper reportedly donated thousands of dollars worth of winter clothing to homeless people in Philadelphia , where he 's filming his latest movie . Is this all part of keeping up appearances in image-centric Hollywood , or do most celebrities have a genuine desire to use their star status to help raise money or awareness for certain causes ? Todd Krim , who founded Give Back Hollywood -- which helps connect celebrities and charities -- says he thinks there 's a true desire by celebrities to get involved . "  Maybe sometimes people might think it 's a good idea  for a celebrity 's image  ... but most of the time it 's a genuine interest , " Krim said . "  In fact , there  are  a lot of celebrities who do charity work who do n't even want cameras around . " Krim spoke to CNN about why he started the organization and whether "  young Hollywood " has embraced charity and grass roots causes : CNN : What inspired you to create Give Back Hollywood and what exactly does this organization do ? Todd Krim : I really just fell into it . I 'm a lawyer and ... in 2003 I met a lot of celebrities and reality stars in social circles who were wanting to give back but did n't know how ... I met Harry  Shum Jr. from "  Glee "  at an event , and I asked him , ` What charities or causes do you support ? '  and  he said he did n't have one charity he works closely with . Because he 's a dancer , I thought he 'd connect with the Andrea Rizzo Foundation  which helps children with cancer through dance therapy  . Long story short , he went to Mattel Children 's Hospital  in Los Angeles  and participated in a dance therapy session . CNN : Do you think most celebrities get involved with charity as part of marketing their overall image ? Or is there more of a genuine desire to use their star status to raise awareness for those in need ? Krim : I can honestly say doing this for seven years , 99 % of the time it 's a genuine interest . Maybe sometimes people might thing it 's a good idea  for their image  ... but most of the time it 's a genuine interest ... in fact , there 's a lot of celebrities who do charity work who do n't even want cameras around . ... Some examples : Josh Hopkins from "  Cougar Town " plays basketball at the YMCA or Regina King from "  Southland " and "  Jerry Maguire " is a cheerleading squad coach in Pasadena ... she probably never told anyone until I asked . And that 's what I love , that shows a true commitment , and genuine interest , not wanting to promote it . But then again , I have just as much respect for those who want to promote it because they set an example for other celebrities . And that 's where their greatest strength lies : in using their celebrity status . And that 's the main premise of Give Back Hollywood : We love working with grass roots nonprofits . I think it 's great ,  top celebrities like  Lady Gaga , Justin Bieber , Angelina Jolie , do amazing work ... but I think it 's important to highlight other great things by young Hollywood , Sophia Bush from "  One Tree Hill " ... Serinda Swan from "  Breakout Kings , " Ian Somerhalder from the "  Vampire Diaries " cast ... people might not realize it 's not just the A-listers who are philanthropic , it 's everyone from young Hollywood . CNN : What 's one instance of a small or large deed by a celebrity that has struck you as particularly inspiring ? Krim : I would say I think Justin Bieber , I have to say ... I took a quick look at this Forbes article that claimed ... his charity quotient was n't as high as his net worth , but I think that 's ridiculous because from a PR and personal perspective , he 's very philanthropic : I was at Mattel Children 's Hospital where he personally visited patients and surprised them with a screening of "  Never Say Never " ... and personally visited the bedside of a patient who was dying and a big Justin Bieber fan , even though he was late for his next appointment . He made it a point to visit her and spend time with her . So I know Justin does it from the heart . I think he 's setting an example for future generations . CNN : Is there a particular celebrity -- maybe someone with a bad-boy image -- whose generosity has surprised you ? Krim : I would say the best example of that might be Soulja Boy , who has gotten a lot of flak  he was recently arrested for gun and drug charges  ... he just came to my Children 's Miracle Network event ... he loves kids and he 's all about giving back . CNN : What 's one area where you think Hollywood could do better in teaming up with charitable organizations ? Krim : -- I 'd like to see more ... of the people behind the scenes get more involved : producers , directors , the talent agencies and the people who support the celebrities ... they have a say in whether a celebrity participates in certain things . Sometimes the celebrity does n't even hear about  events or charities  ... I 'd like to see Hollywood work more as a team , and all come together to support charity . Right now it 's sort of splintered . It should just be automatic ... and it 's something that the whole team from the publicists to the agents ... that should all be their focus . It 's a win-win and there ' s nothing better than seeing a smile on a kid 's face ... when you surprise them with their favorite celebrity .	Todd Krim founded "  Give Back Hollywood " to help link celebrities and causes He helped connect a "  Glee " star with a dance therapy charity He talks about whether younger stars are as charitable as A-listers Krim hopes to see everyone in Hollywood embrace the idea of giving
CNN  -- The charge against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev for allegedly using low-grade explosives housed in pressure cookers to bomb the Boston Marathon is "  using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction . " For many , the term "  weapon of mass destruction " -- or WMD -- means something far more apocalyptic than the Boston attack , tragic though that was . For those people it will forever be associated with the run-up to the Iraq War , when leaders of the U.S.-led coalition warned that Saddam Hussein was building up his stocks of WMD -- a claim that turned out to be incorrect . Watch : 10 years later -- Iraq 's phantom WMD So , when and how did a pressure cooker -- allegedly filled with low-grade explosives , metallic BBs and nails -- become a WMD and where did the phrase come from ? Many sources point to a 1937 address by the then Archbishop of Canterbury Cosmo Gordon Lang , as the first time the phrase weapons of mass destruction was used . In a report at the time , London 's Times newspaper quoted Lang as referring to wars in China and Spain and saying : "  Who can think without horror of what another widespread war would mean , waged as it would be with all the new weapons of mass destruction . " It is unclear exactly which weapons Lang was referring to , however , in April 1937 German bombers had systematically destroyed the Basque town of Guernica during the Spanish Civil War , prompting Times correspondent George Steer to write on April 27 , 1937 : "  In the form of its execution and the scale of the destruction it wrought , no less than the selection of its objective , the raid on Guernica is unparalleled in military history . " He described "  first , hand grenades and heavy bombs to stampede the population , then machine-gunning to drive them below , next heavy and incendiary bombs to wreck the houses and burn them on top of their victims . " The same year , Japan had invaded China , where its troops were widely accused of gross human rights abuses , including raping tens of thousands of girls and women and killing several hundred thousand others in December 1937 , in what has come to be called "  The Rape of Nanking . " Read more : Japan fires military chief over WWII denial Nine years later , the Times referred to a report by the British mission to Hiroshima after the Japanese city became the first victim of an atom bomb . It quoted the report as opening : "  His Majesty 's Government consider that a full understanding of the consequences of the new form of attack may assist the United Nations Organization in its task of securing the control of atomic energy for the common good and in abolishing the use of weapons of mass destruction . " Indeed , the U.N. 's first resolution in 1946 established a committee whose tasks included making specific proposals "  for the elimination from national armaments of atomic weapons and of all other major weapons adaptable to mass destruction . " In their 2012 paper for the U.S. government 's National Defense University , "  Defining Weapons of Mass Destruction , " authors John F. Reichart and W. Seth Carus wrote that , in terms of disarmament policy , the definitive definition of WMD had emerged at the U.N. in 1948 . It covered " ... atomic explosive weapons , radioactive material weapons , lethal chemical and biological weapons , and any weapons developed in the future which have characteristics comparable in destructive effect to those of the atomic bomb or other weapons mentioned above , " they said . In May 2002 , the then U.N. Under-Secretary-General for Disarmament Affairs , Jayantha Dhanapala , told the American Bar Association that WMD "  today consist of nuclear , biological , and chemical arms -- they all share one deadly trait : they are indiscriminately lethal . " Dhanapala went on to say : "  They are neither lightly nor inappropriately called ` weapons of mass destruction . ' " Reichart and Carus said they had identified "  more than 50 WMD definitions issued by a government or international organization . " The definition in the U.S. Criminal Code included high explosives and was "  inconsistent with most national guidance and with the usage preferred by the State Department and the international community , " they said . "  Almost all crimes " prosecuted under this definition could be prosecuted under other provisions of the U.S. criminal code , they suggested . Bombs , grenades , rockets "  having a propellant charge of more than four ounces , a missile having an explosive or incendiary charge of more than one-quarter ounce " and mines , are among the explosives covered by the criminal code 's definition of WMD . Robert Chesney -- professor of law at University of Texas -- said the statute Tsarnaev had been charged under -- U.S. Code title 18 , section 2332a -- defined WMD "  far more broadly than that phrase is normally understood . " "  At the bottom , it is simply a statute that makes it a felony to set off bombs in public places , which certainly applies in this case . Unless the government were to try to take advantage of the WMD language to try to convince the public that this defendant was using a WMD in the usual narrow and scary sense of that phrase , there 's really no harm in the situation in my view , " he said . Chesney noted that in order for a prosecution for using WMD within the United States to be successful , at least one of four conditions relating to interstate or foreign commerce also needed to be proved against the defendant . In the case of the Boston bombings "  the easiest one to prove would be the impact-on-commerce condition -- there 's just no real doubt that the bombing had a tremendously disruptive impact on interstate commerce , " he said . Harvard Law School 's Alan Dershowitz told CNN 'S Becky Anderson he was surprised the WMD charge had been used against Tsarnaev . "  Everybody thought that the indictment would be under the federal terrorism statute , " he said . "  Instead they charged him under a very rarely used statute involving explosion of weapons of mass destruction that result in the death of an individual . " Dershowitz said the charge put less emphasis on the intention behind the attack . "  Under the terrorism statute , you would have to , in effect , charge a jihadist or extreme Islamic motivation . Here you do n't have to show any motivation at all , " he said . "  So the government has made a decision not to charge this as a politically motivated crime . " U.S. Department of Justice spokesman Dean Boyd said the statute had been "  frequently used " by the department . Among the recent examples cited by Boyd was the case of Saudi student Khalid Ali-M Aldawsari who was convicted and sentenced to life in 2012 for attempted use of a WMD . According to a departmental release , the charge followed Aldawsari 's "  purchase of chemicals and equipment necessary to make an improvised explosive device  IED  and his research of potential U.S. targets . " The WMD law also applies to "  any national of the United States who , without lawful authority , uses or threatens , attempts , or conspires to use a weapon of mass destruction outside of the U.S. . " In March 2013 , former U.S. soldier Eric Harroun was charged under this part of the statute for allegedly conspiring to use a rocket propelled grenade while fighting with an al Qaeda affiliated group in Syria . Read more : U.S. ex-soldier charged with using RPG Jack Holland , lecturer in international relations at the University of Surrey , said that since 2002/2003 , use of the term WMD had generally been "  political in use and political in implication . " WMD had been used to refer to chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear  CBRN  , but the term had more recently been used for "  deliberate political reasons " and broadened out , Holland said . "  It 's increasingly just something explosive or destructive that makes the term so broad as to be meaningless , " he said . "  In 2002 , there were n't people talking about pressure cookers as WMDs . " In the build-up to the Iraq War , Holland said , the phrase was used strategically to create legitimacy for intervention . Reports out of the Bush Administration , he said , suggested that the need to combat a perceived WMD threat was something on which all of the "  coalition of the willing " could agree . But he said the phrase had different connotations in the U.S. and Britain . Britain 's then Prime Minister Tony Blair was a strident proponent of the argument , telling UK lawmakers that Hussein could launch a range of WMDs within 45 minutes . Read more : Blair adviser denies Iraq War intelligence ` sexed up ' "  WMD was more controversial as a term and a rationale in the UK because Blair put more emphasis on the argument than -LSB- President George W. -RSB- Bush did , " Holland said . This was because Blair needed to appeal to the British public with a "  legalistic , logical , pragmatic " argument , he said , whereas Bush could "  employ a series of more emotive arguments " and use WMD as a "  fallback argument to a far greater degree , because of American political culture . " "  Britons needed a ` pseudo-legalistic rationale ' , " Holland said . "  It was about the 45-minute claim -- that was very much an argument that appealed peculiarly to the British , " he said . "  Blair put all of his eggs in one basket with the WMD argument . " In Britain , the phrase was now tainted because of its political connotations that the administration had lied or had been just plain wrong . "  Now it 's seen as a false premise for an unsuccessful intervention , " Holland said . "  The strategic use of language to sell interventions to the public is an extremely long-standing phenomenon . More recently these arguments are ever more important for making the case for war , " he said . "  There 's a perceived need -- even if you 've won an election -- to retain the image of speaking for a population , " he said . "  To get the population onside is essential . "	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused of using explosives-filled pressure cookers as bombs He is charged with "  using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction "  WMD Claims Saddam Hussein was stockpiling WMDs formed part of the argument for the Iraq War The term "  WMD " is often used to refer to nuclear , biological and chemical arms
EW.com  -- Showtime is sharing a few pieces of intel about "  Homeland : " Two new roles have been cast for the upcoming fourth season . Corey Stoll â $ " who earned a Golden Globe nomination for his role on "  House of Cards " and whose credits include "  The Normal Heart " and "  Midnight in Paris " â $ " will guest-star as Sandy Bachman , the CIA chief of station in Pakistan who 's a rising star within the agency . The number of episodes Stoll will appear in is being kept under wraps . EW 's full "  Homeland " coverage In addition , Laila Robins will join the cast as a series regular in the role of Martha Boyd , U.S. ambassador to Pakistan . Martha is described as "  professional and put together , with a ship-to-ship voice and the personality to match . " Robins , who appeared in multiple episodes of "  Bored to Death , " "  Law & Order , " and "  The Sopranos , " also starred in the big-screen comedy "  Planes , Trains , & Automobiles . " EW : ` Homeland ' TV Academy panel - 6 things we learned Season 4 moves the action overseas as Carrie Mathison  Claire Danes  returns to the Middle East as chief of station . Mandy Patinkin , Rupert Friend , Nazanin Boniadi , are among the cast returning for the new season , which kicks off production in South Africa later this month and will hit the air this fall . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Two new actors are joining the show Season 4 moves the action overseas Production kicks off soon in South Africa
CNN  -- A shadowy figure in the back seat of an SUV in surveillance photos is a second "  person of interest " in the slaying of the University of North Carolina student body president , police said Monday . Investigators say a second male appears in the back seat in this ATM photo , which has been colorized . Police on Saturday released photos taken by an ATM camera that show a young man driving a sport utility vehicle possibly using one of student Eve Carson 's ATM cards in the Chapel Hill area . A large , shadowy form appears in the back seat of the vehicle , which police say may have been Carson 's . Carson , 22 , was found shot to death early Wednesday in a suburban neighborhood near the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill campus . Her Toyota Highlander was found the next day in another neighborhood to the west , close to where she lived with roommates . "  We do believe there is a second unidentified male seated in the rear seat , " the Chapel Hill Police Department said in a statement . "  We have been exploring ways to enhance the quality of this photo in an effort to learn more about this person . " Police have not identified the pictured driver , who was wearing a hooded sweatshirt and a vintage Houston Astros baseball cap . Chapel Hill Police Chief Brian Curran said Saturday that Carson 's killing "  feels like a random crime . " The medical examiner told police that there were no injuries to Carson 's body besides gunshot wounds and no signs of sexual assault , Curran said . On Sunday , more than 1,000 people crowded the First United Methodist Church in Carson 's hometown of Athens , Georgia , for her funeral , the Athens Banner-Herald reported . The University of North Carolina will hold a memorial service for Carson after students return from this week 's spring break , Chancellor James Moeser said in a statement on the school 's Web site . On Saturday , the school 's top-ranked men 's basketball team wore reminders of the popular student president on their jerseys as they took on Duke University in Durham , North Carolina . Watch as students remember the slain campus leader " The North Carolina players wore patches on the jerseys that simply read "  Eve , " and many of Duke 's fans donned small light-blue ribbons as a show of support . A moment of silence for Carson also was held before tipoff . The UNC-Chapel Hill board of trustees has pledged $ 25,000 to the Crime Stoppers program in the area for information leading to the arrest of anyone responsible in Carson 's slaying . Carson was a student member of the board . E-mail to a friend	ATM photo shows driver , shadowy figure in back seat of SUV Driver appears to be using one of student Eve Carson 's ATM cards Carson was found shot to death early Wednesday near campus Carson was student body president at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
CNN  -- The U.S. is urging Pyongyang to release an American held captive after reports that the man attempted suicide in a North Korean prison . Swedish diplomats met with Aijalon Mahli Gomes , a U.S. State Department official confirmed Friday . He declined to release details about the 31-year-old 's condition , citing respect for the family 's privacy . "  We reiterate our urge for the North Korean government to release Mr. Gomes on humanitarian grounds , " said Mark Toner , a spokesman for the U.S. State Department . "  A Swedish official had been granted consular access eight times , including today 's visit , " Toner said . "  I think we 're concerned about his welfare and -- as we would with any American citizen . " North Korea 's official news agency reported Friday that the Boston-area native serving an eight-year sentence in North Korea recently attempted suicide . Gomes attempted to take his own life "  driven by his strong guilty conscience , disappointment and despair at the U.S. government that has not taken any measure for his freedom. , " state-run Korean Central News Agency said . The news agency said the Swedish Embassy , which represents U.S. interests in North Korea , had "  acquainted itself with the condition of the patient at the hospital . " Calls to the Swedish Embassy in Pyongyang were unanaswered over the weekend . The Swedish Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it does not comment on individual cases and declined to confirm or deny its involvement . Gomes was arrested after crossing the North Korea-China border on January 25 . In April , he was sentenced to eight years of hard labor for what state media described as "  a hostile act committed against the Korean nation . " The American was , according to South Korean news reports , an English language teacher with strong Christian convictions , who had taken part in anti-North Korean protests in the South . Last month , the news agency reported that North Korea may consider a tougher punishment for Gomes if the United States "  persists in its hostile approach " toward Pyongyang . Two American journalists -- Laura Ling and Euna Lee , who had crossed the border last March and were arrested and sentenced to 12 years hard labor -- were released in August after an intervention by former U.S. President Bill Clinton . Robert Park , a Korean-American Christian evangelist who was arrested after entering the country on Christmas Day , had given a media interview in which he stated his aim to force change in North Korean human rights conditions . He was released in February after telling North Korean state media that he had been wrong about human rights conditions there .	Swedish diplomats meet with Aijalon Mahli Gomes Boston-area native serving an eight-year sentence in North Korea Media reports : He recently attempted suicide Swedish Embassy represents U.S. interests in the nation
CNN  -- The AMC series "  Mad Men " has been honored for its sharp writing , polished acting and engaging portrayal of life at a New York advertising agency in the early 1960s . "  Mad Men " has gotten attention from fashion designers and clothing merchandisers . It has also been much noticed for something else : its fashion sense . The series , which features all the looks of that era -- thin-lapeled suits and skinny ties , crinoline-puffed dresses and pencil skirts , Peter Pan collars and subdued pinks and greens -- has attracted attention from fashion designers and clothing merchandisers . Banana Republic , which has placed "  Mad Men " - inspired clothes in its window displays , is even offering a walk-on role for the winner of a contest . "  Mad Men , " which returns for its third season Sunday , is n't the first Hollywood creation to influence fashion trends . For decades , movies and television shows have played a primary role in dictating people 's fashion choices , whether they 've been aware of it or not . Here are a few examples . 1 . In the 1934 film "  It Happened One Night , " star Clark Gable took off his shirt and showed his bare chest , instead of the standard white undershirt . For decades , an urban legend has maintained that undershirt sales dropped up to 75 percent , not to recover until World War II . Though the mythbusting site Snopes.com says the truth is uncertain , it 's testimony to the legend 's strength that we 're still talking about it 75 years later . 2 . The 1967 film "  Bonnie and Clyde , " with its  somewhat idealized  Depression-era fashion , continues to inspire today 's designers . Faye Dunaway 's berets , scarves , trench coats , fitted cardigans and long pencil skirts were a hit at the time and remain so today . 3 . "  Annie Hall " boldly showed women that the masculine preppy look was attractive . Star Diane Keaton wore baggy pants , dress shirts , a vest and tie in the 1977 Woody Allen film . The film is said to have influenced a spike in tie sales for women . 4 . "  Saturday Night Fever " rejuvenated a fading disco craze in 1977 and told men it 's OK to wear crotch-hugging pants , wide-open , chest-baring shirts and large medallion jewelry . John Travolta 's white polyester suit -- later bought by film critic Gene Siskel at auction -- became a disco-era icon . 5 . The 1983 film "  Flashdance " made active wear -- like a ripped sweatshirt off one shoulder , tight leggings and leg warmers -- sexy for women in the early 1980s . Actor Jennifer Beals is said to have cut the collar off a sweatshirt that had shrunk in order to get it over her head , according to the Internet Movie Database . 6 . The 1980s TV series "  Miami Vice , " with its lightweight fabrics and pastel colors , proved a hit on television and in menswear departments . Star Don Johnson 's signature look -- T-shirt , suit jacket , linen pants and shoes worn sockless -- could be seen all over the country .  He also popularized the unshaven , stubble-bearded look . 7 . "  Sex and the City " trendsetter Sarah Jessica Parker , who played Carrie , talked about her shoe addiction constantly during the HBO series , which ran from 1998 to 2004 and spawned a 2008 movie . Soon , stilettos -- paired with a thrown-together look -- became something the cool crowd of viewers would follow , along with brands such as Manolo Blahnik and Jimmy Choo . 8 . A game show starting a fashion trend ? It happened with "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire , " which featured host Regis Philbin sporting a monochromatic shirt-and-tie look . Later , he launched a line of shirts and ties in the Regis by Van Heusen collection .	"  Mad Men " has influenced fashion designers ; looks filter into public view Many movies , TV shows have had similar impact "  Miami Vice , " "  Sex and the City " are among names on the list
Sixty-eight and counting . An outbreak of measles in Ohio has infected 68 people , adding to what is already an 18-year high of measles cases in the United States . That 's disturbing news for health professionals , who considered the contagious infectious disease eliminated in the United States in 2000 . The outbreak in Ohio began with a group from Christian Aid Ministries , who went on a mission trip to the Philippines earlier this year , health officials say . Philippines is experiencing a very large measles outbreak ; at least 20,000 confirmed and suspected cases have been reported in the Asian nation . Four people who were on the mission trip became infected , according to Pam Palm , the public information officer for Knox County Health Department , and the disease has since spread to 62 others in the Amish community . Knox County has 40 cases . Palm said the first few cases were initially misdiagnosed as dengue fever , a testament to how few cases of measles doctors usually see . "  Because of the success of the measles vaccine , many clinicians have never seen measles and may not be able to recognize its features , " Dr. Julia Sammons wrote in a commentary published in April in Annals of Internal Medicine . Ohio health officials have immunized nearly 800 people with the MMR  measles , mumps , and rubella  vaccine since the outbreak began . "  The Amish who are family members and acquaintances of those who now have measles have been extremely cooperative in a willingness to get vaccinated , " Jackie Fletcher , director of nursing for the Knox County Health Department , said in a statement . "  And those who currently have measles have been staying home . " California , another state reporting a high number of measles cases this year , said its outbreak also resulted from people visiting the Philippines . Visitors may pick up the disease and bring it back to the United States , potentially infecting those who can not be vaccinated against the measles because they are too young , for example , or who have intentionally remained unvaccinated . Data released by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on April 24 found 129 cases of measles in the United States between January 1 to April 18 . That 's the highest number of cases recorded for the period since 1996 . Some of the Ohio cases were recorded after that reporting period -- meaning the total now is undoubtedly higher . Fletcher said many of the measles patients her staff are seeing are "  really sick . " Symptoms usually include fever , cough and conjunctivitis , along with a rash . In rare cases , measles can lead to pneumonia and brain infections , which can be fatal . "  Although most of us do n't realize it because it is so rare in our country , measles is a serious disease , " CDC director Tom Frieden wrote on CNN in 2013 . "  Measles is so contagious that if one person has it , 9 of 10 people close to that person who are not immune will also become infected . " Were you at this concert ? You might have been exposed to measles 5 things to know about measles	The contagious disease was considered eliminated in the U.S. in 2000 The outbreak in Ohio began with a mission trip to the Philippines Measles is one of the most contagious infectious diseases
CNN  Iran blasted its mock-up of a U.S. aircraft carrier during naval drills on Wednesday , swarming the target with 100 speedboats armed with rockets , shoulder-launched missiles and mortars as well as striking it with cruise missiles , according to reports from Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency . Iran said the aircraft carrier target was a full-size replica of the USS Nimitz . "  Iranian naval forces displayed their skills in targeting enemy vessels and destroyed a mock U.S. aircraft carrier during the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps Navy 's massive Payambar-e Azam 9  The Great Prophet 9  wargames in the Persian Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz , " read a video caption on Fars ' website . When U.S. officials first learned of the existence of the mock carrier last year , one described it as more akin to a Hollywood set than an actual warship . But the symbolism is clear . Nimitz-class carriers are the centerpiece of U.S. naval forces , and the largest warships in the world . Mine-laying exercises were also part of the war games , according to the Fars report . Rear Adm. Ali Fadavi , commander of the Iranian naval forces , described that portion of the games as "  the most important concern of the Americans . " "  We have the most advanced sea mines which can not be imagined by the Americans , " he is quoted as saying in the Fars report . Brig. Gen. Hossein Salami , lieutenant commander of the Revolutionary Guard , said Iran was n't showing off all its capabilities during the games , according to a Fars report . "  We have capabilities which will remain covert and hidden before being used in action and we will merely use them in the battlefield , " Salami said in the report . A U.S. Navy spokesman in Bahrain told the Associated Press that the United States "  was not concerned about this exercise . " "  We 're quite confident of our naval forces ' ability to defend themselves , " Cmdr. Kevin Stephens said . In 2014 : Iran says it built copy of captured U.S. drone	Iranian military drills target mock-up of USS Nimitz Speedboats and cruise missiles are used in the naval drills U.S. described fake carrier as akin to Hollywood set
CNN  -- Veteran Spanish full-back Michel Salgado has joined English Premier League side Blackburn Rovers on a two-year deal . Salgado won two Champions League and four Primera Liga titles during his 10 years at Real Madrid . Salgado , who has been capped 53 times by his country , had his Real Madrid contract cancelled by mutual consent earlier this month . During his time at the Bernabeu , the 33-year-old helped the club to two Champions League triumphs and four Primera Liga titles . Blackburn are now waiting for international clearance before Salgado can make his debut . He is heading back to Madrid next week to say goodbye at a match arranged in his honor against Rosenborg on Monday . Salgado said he is relishing the challenge that lies ahead after revealing he almost moved to England five years ago . Talking to the official Blackburn Web site , Salgado said : "  I had a chance to come to Chelsea but I was lucky too because my team was Real Madrid . "  I love the club , I was there 10 years -- it is a lifetime . I am proud of playing for them for so long . "  Now I want to enjoy the next two years , playing in the Premier League . It is one of the best in the world , with fantastic games and a fantastic atmosphere , " he added . "  This will be a good experience for me , my wife and children . I have joined an historic club . "	Spanish defender Michel Salgado joins English Premier League Blackburn The 33-year-old full-back signs a two-year contract after leaving Real Madrid Salgado spent 10 years at the Bernabeu winning two Champions League titles
CNN  -- It 's hard to think of a time in the history of America 's intelligence community when it has been more battered by accusations of over-stepping or mismanaging its mission : to secretly gather information to support the activities of the U.S. government The list of recent revelations grew over the weekend with allegations that America has been systematically spying on its European allies . Reports in the European press , apparently drawn from documents provided by Edward Snowden , suggested that America spied on the European Union , France , Italy , Greece and other close international friends , listening in on encrypted fax transmissions and planting bugs and other devices at 38 embassies and missions in Washington and New York , as well as locations in Europe . The timing is not great : the eve of scheduled trade talks with the Europeans , a priority of the Obama administration . The new reports have caused a furor across the continent , stoking the uproar caused by earlier Snowden-related revelations that America has been listening in on millions of German calls and e-mails . Top officials , like Secretary of State John Kerry , shrugged it off by saying allies often spy on each other , and others , like former Director of the NSA and CIA Gen. Michael Hayden , noted that some friends spied on us . But the damage was done to important relationships and to the Obama administration 's prior claims that it would conduct itself according to a different standard than past U.S. governments . All nations collect intelligence , Obama says This all comes on the heels of reports that the overreach of the intelligence community begins at home . While it will be cold comfort to our NATO allies that we are only treating them as we do our own people , the details of programs that warehouse massive amounts of phone metadata and e-mail traffic were the first shock waves produced by the Snowden leaks . But the problems go beyond what Snowden leaked to the very fact that a comparatively junior contractor could gain top level clearances and access to so much information . Indeed , it is deeply disturbing that hundreds of thousands of private contractors had Top Secret clearances and that , as we have learned , many may have gone through inadequate screening procedures or been inadequately managed . Earlier news -- about the scope of U.S. drone programs managed by the intelligence community , "  kill lists , " extra-judicial targeting of perceived threats , the scope of America 's cyberwarfare programs against enemies in Iran  Stuxnet  , China and elsewhere -- have already called the role of the community into question . Just last week NBC News reported that a senior U.S. military leader very close to President Obama and his national security team , Gen. James Cartwright , was a target of a leak investigation concerning Stuxnet . . These are all stories of a culture of secrecy and of arrogance that has simply gone too far . Perhaps each and every one of these missions began with a reasonable national security goal . But because so much of the planning and execution takes place behind closed doors or in situations in which the term "  oversight " is laughably applied to wink-and-a-nod rubber stamping of initiatives , it is perhaps more surprising we have seen so few scandals than that we are dealing now with what seems like so many . Consider : According to the U.S. government 's own figures , last year the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court received 1,789 applications for approval of government spying operations and OK 'd all but one . Since 2001 , according to a report in Salon based on government figures collected by the Federation of American Scientists , more than 15,000 applications were approved and only 10 denied . The Supreme Soviet of Cold War Russia was a less effective rubber stamp . The FISA Court is just one of the feeble oversight mechanisms that apparently did not do its job . Congressional and executive branch officials have bought into the post 9/11 paranoia and hopped up threat mentality and come to accept that even the possibility of an attack on the United States warrants disregard for U.S. laws and international agreements . Not to mention the principles of respect for individual liberties and reasonable constraints on government power on which the United States was established . This was well illustrated when NSA Director Keith Alexander argued that the agency 's massive surveillance programs were warranted because they allegedly stopped "  over 50 " terror attacks , with scant reference to the size of the attacks , the real risk posed , whether other means to stop them that did n't involve massive surveillance might exist , or to the possibility that the damage done to civil liberties might be worse than that which might have been produced had the terror plans gone forward . Opinion : Why we 're all stuck in the digital transit zone with Snowden Indeed , senior U.S. officials have told me that , in their view , a primary motivator for accepting all these programs was fear that resisting would hold dire political consequences for them , should an attack occur . In other words , in the modern U.S. intelligence community , CYA has become more important than CIA . There are real threats out there . And , yes , other nations spy on us . Terrorists use new technologies to target American interests and citizens and must be contained . Cyberwarfare poses a growing threat to the United States as well as other nations . All these facts require analysis and countermeasures by the U.S. government . Some require the United States to go on offense . But what the revelations show is a series of errors of overreach and bad judgment , not that all our programs should be eliminated . The problem here is one of scale and of profoundly compromised and twisted values . That problem itself is complicated and exacerbated by America 's emergence as the world 's first cybersuperpower . As such , we have sought to flex our technological muscles not only in ways that make us safer but that introduce a new form of constant , low-grade , invisible conflict that makes Cold War spy games seem quaint in their narrowness -- even if their stakes were much higher . In the past , I 've called this Cool Warâ $ " neither cold nor hot but dangerous nonetheless , not just to our enemies but also to our friends , our interests and our values . Edward Snowden broke the law and if the United States can bring him in , he deserves to be prosecuted . But the ones who should be in their own hot seat are those who created , approved and rationalized into existence the sprawling , seemingly uncontainable global intelligence and cyberwarfare apparatus that is as much of a threat to the kind of country we want to be as any terrorist group . Opinion : Why can the U.S. do about Snowden ? The problem for us , of course , is the only people with the power to restore balance and common sense limitations to these programs are the ones who let them get so out of control in the first place . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : The U.S. intelligence community is being slammed as overreaching He says more news of spying , on United States ' European allies , has drawn shock and anger He says it 's out of control , with poor oversight and disregard for laws and U.S. values Rothkopf : There are real threats , but intelligence community has n't shown spying is only answer
Mental Floss  -- We all know about the Confederate states leaving the Union . But that was far from the only secessionist movement in American history . Here are some rebellious regions you wo n't find in too many history books . This map shows some rebellious regions that have tried to seceed from the United States . 1 . The Kingdom of Beaver Island Beaver Island , a small island in Lake Michigan , became the home of Mormon leader James Strang and his followers -- called Strangites -- in 1848 . Two years later , Strang declared himself king of the church -- complete with crown , scepter , robe , and a harem of 15 wives . However , most of the island 's inhabitants were his followers , so he essentially became King of Beaver Island . The power got to his head , and he began forcing his rule onto the non-believers , causing some violence between the two factions . In 1856 , the USS Michigan pulled into the harbor and invited Strang aboard . As he was walking towards the ship , he was shot in the back by disgruntled followers , who then ran up the gangplank and escaped . Adding to the mysterious circumstances , the assassins were set ashore on nearby Mackinac Island and never charged for their crime . Shortly after the assassination , angry mobs from surrounding islands eventually forced the Strangites from their homes , thus ending the short-lived Kingdom of Beaver Island . 2 . The state of Superior Concern over a perceived lack of interest from the Michigan state government , the people of the Upper Peninsula  U.P.  , affectionately known as "  Yoopers , " have been trying to secede and form the State of Superior since as far back as 1897 . The movement gained momentum after 1957 when a bridge connecting the U.P. region to Lower Michigan made it easier for southern "  Trolls "  people who live "  below the bridge "  and Yoopers to mingle . This animosity continued into the mid-1980s , when 20,000 signatures were collected and submitted to the state for a secession request . However , the number was shy of the 36,000 required , and the request subsequently denied . The secessionist drive lives on today , as numerous grassroots organizations are trying to muster support for another official attempt at an independent U.P. Until that day comes , though , the Yoopers and Trolls will just have to try to get along . 3 . The Great Republic of Rough and Ready Rough and Ready , California , was a mining town founded in 1849 by the Rough and Ready Company of Wisconsin . As the town 's population rapidly exploded to 3,000 , lawlessness was on the rise -- and the U.S. government was not much help squelching the rampant crime . Mental Floss : Three controversial maps Additionally , a new federal tax on mining operations added fuel to the region 's civil unrest . Seeing little support from Washington , on April 7 , 1850 , the townspeople voted to secede from the Union . But just three months later , as the Fourth of July approached , The Great Republic of Rough and Ready wanted to have a celebration  which seems odd considering they were no longer technically Americans  . When nearby Nevada City would n't sell liquor to "  foreign miners , " it was decided that maybe America was n't so bad after all . The townspeople voted themselves back into the Union on the very same day and the party went off as planned . 4 . The Conch Republic In the early-1980s , the U.S. Border Patrol set up a checkpoint at the entrance to the Florida Keys in an effort to stop illegal drugs and immigrants . The time to check everyone 's identification at the checkpoint resulted in a 20-mile traffic jam that turned tourists away , thus damaging the economy in the Keys . After numerous legal attempts to have the checkpoint removed , on April 23 , 1982 , Key West mayor Dennis Wardlow declared the Florida Keys were seceding from the Union . Moments later , now-Prime Minister Wardlow symbolically declared war on the U.S. by breaking a stale piece of Cuban bread over the head of a man dressed in a U.S. Navy uniform . One minute later , Wardlow turned to the Admiral in charge of the U.S. Naval Base at Key West and surrendered , thus ending the Conch Republic 's Civil Rebellion . He then immediately asked for $ 1 billion in federal aid to help rebuild his war-torn nation 's economy . While officially the Republic only existed for one minute , the tongue-in-cheek spirit of the rebellion lives on . Today you can buy Conch Republic citizen and diplomatic passports  both of which have been used for international travel , though they are not intended to be official documents  and even an official flag of the republic  complete with the awesome motto , "  We seceded where others failed "  . The community has even minted a series of limited edition one-conch dollar coins that can be used as legal tender while in the Keys . 5 . The State of Absaroka Feeling that the Democratic southern half of Wyoming was not working in conjunction with the rest of the state , a secessionist movement was launched by northern Republicans in 1939 to create a new state that would better serve its more conservative population . This state , Absaroka -- so named after the nearby mountain range -- was to be made up of northern Wyoming , southeast Montana , and the western region of South Dakota . While the secessionist movement was never very large or pursued through legal channels , that did n't stop A. R. Swickard , the street commissioner of Sheridan , Wyoming , from appointing himself governor of the "  state . " The movement went so far as to press Absaroka license plates and crown a Miss Absaroka beauty queen . Absaroka could even brag about a visit from a foreign dignitary , King Haakon VII of Norway  though he was officially visiting Wyoming and just happened to be in Absaroka  . Despite all of the hoopla , the state never came to be , and now , so many years later , the intent of the secessionist movement is in question . Some believe there was a genuine attempt to create a new state , while others say it was just a fun way for cowboys to distract themselves during tough economic times . 6 . The State of Jefferson Northern California and southern Oregon have been trying to merge since 1852 . The attempts have been met with mixed results , though the "  State of Jefferson " movement of 1941 came closest to making it happen . The region felt it was being ignored by their respective state legislatures , so in response the people created the "  State of Jefferson Citizen 's Committee " to explore the possibilities of secession . The group began stopping cars on Highway 99 to hand out the state 's "  Proclamation of Independence , " a pamphlet outlining the grievances they held and the solutions they proposed . To help rally their cause , they developed a state flag made up of a gold miner 's pan with two black X 's inside , representing the double-cross they felt the Oregon and California state governments had pulled . Mental Floss : Thomas Jefferson On December 4 , 1941 , Judge John Childs was elected governor of Jefferson in the state 's temporary capital of Yreka , California . The event was filmed by numerous newsreel companies who were set to air the footage during the week of December 8 . History had other plans , as the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor the day before the big premiere . Driven by a sense of national obligation , the Jefferson secession was put aside and never really regained momentum . While the official movement might have died out , the residents of this region still hold the concept in their hearts , with many identifying themselves even today as the population of the great state of Jefferson . 7 . The McDonald Territory Noel , Missouri , located in McDonald County in the far southwest corner of the Show Me State , has been a popular tourist destination for many years . Therefore , when the Missouri State Highway Commission left Noel off their annual "  Family Vacationland " map in 1961 , the region was not happy pleased . To display their dissatisfaction , McDonald County drew up papers of secession and presented them to the state legislature , declaring itself the independent McDonald Territory . The county went so far as to elect officials , form a territorial militia , and even printed up visas that were issued to visitors so they could travel throughout the territory . Perhaps the most lasting impression were the thousands of McDonald Territory stamps that were printed and sold throughout the area . While most agree that the secession was done purely for publicity , the state of Missouri was n't necessarily happy about the type of publicity it was garnering . So in order to end this mock rebellion , the state declared that state employee retirement pension payments would be suspended for McDonald County , all current state employees would be fired , and all state funding would be withheld . Needless to say , McDonald Territory surrendered and returned to being simply McDonald County , Missouri , once again . And here 's one more secessionist movement that 's been in the news this year . From 1995 to 2002  except for a few months in 2000  , Alaska 's First Dude Todd Palin was a member of the Alaska Independence Party . Fellow Mental Floss writer Jeff Fleischer has the story on the AIP : 8 . Alaska For decades , a well-organized separatist movement has campaigned to turn America 's largest state into its own nation . The bitterness dates back to 1958 , when Alaska 's citizens were given a simple yes-or-no vote on statehood . Many Alaskans felt they were denied more options on the issue , prompting a land developer named Joe Vogler to organize a re-vote that would offer Alaskans four possibilities -- remain a territory , become a state , take commonwealth status , or become a separate nation . Using the vote as his platform , Vogler ran for governor in 1974 -- and soon made a habit of it . With colorful slogans such as , "  I 'm an Alaskan , not an American . I 've got no use for America or her damned institutions , " Vogler spearheaded the Alaskan Independence Party  AIP  , and his campaign has twice topped 5 percent of the vote . Mental Floss : Nine modern-day independence movements More surprisingly , former U.S. interior secretary Wally Hickel got elected governor on the AIP ticket in 1990 . Unfortunately for the party , Hickel only ran on the ticket because he lost the Republican primary . Never a supporter of the plebiscite idea , Hickel left the AIP and rejoined the Republicans in 1994 . Today , the AIP continues to draw about 4 percent of voters statewide . And in 2006 , Alaska took part in the first-ever North American Secessionist Convention , joining other groups from Vermont , Hawaii , and the South . As for Vogler , he was murdered in 1993 -- reportedly the result of an argument over a business deal . On a brighter note , honoring his wish to never be buried in U.S. soil , Vogler was laid to rest in Canada 's Yukon Territory . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Mormon leader James Strang named himself king of Beaver Island , Michigan Key West mayor declared Florida Keys were seceding from Union in 1982 Northern California and southern Oregon have been trying to merge since 1852 "  Yoopers " and "  Trolls " are forced to get along in Michigan
MONTEREY PARK , California  CNN  -- Five men are accused of starting a massive Malibu wildfire at that destroyed more than 50 homes and forced about 15,000 people to evacuate . A firefighter works to contain a wildfire threatening homes in Malibu , California , on November 24 . Authorities say the five , ranging in ages from 18 to 27 , were drinking in a popular party spot in a cave at the park when they started the fire . All five are from the Los Angeles area and are being charged with three felonies -- including two arson-related charges . Each count carries a sentence of two to four years in prison . Baca said investigators traced the fire to the cave , then used receipts and surveillance camera footage from a nearby store to hunt down the men . Investigators would not comment on why the men started the fire . During the investigation , fire officials speculated that a campfire may have started the blaze -- which engulfed roughly 5,000 acres and destroyed 80 structures , including the 53 homes . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency in the wake of the fire , which started on November 24 . The blaze , which was fueled by dry Santa Ana winds and low humidity , followed a spate of California wildfires in October that charred more than 508,000 acres in several counties . Those fires forced 1 million people from their homes and left 14 people dead . The men are expected to make their first court appearance on Monday . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Men were partying in a cave All five are from the Los Angeles area and are being charged with three felonies Receipts and surveillance camera footage helped investigators find the men Fire engulfed about 5,000 acres and destroyed more than 50 homes last month
CNN  -- Here 's a roundup of five medical studies published this week that might give you new insights into your health , mind and body . Remember , correlation is not causation -- so if a study finds a connection between two things , it does n't mean one causes the other . Good neighbors are good for your heart A study published Monday in the Journal of Epidemiology & Community Health suggests your community matters in matters of the heart . Researchers tracked the cardiovascular health of more than 5,000 seniors with no known heart problems over four years . In 2006 , participants in the Health and Retirements Study were asked how much they felt a part of their neighborhood , if they had neighbors who would help them , whether they trusted people in the area and if their neighbors were friendly . During the study period , 148 of the participants had a heart attack . Researchers found people who reported feeling more "  social cohesion " were less at risk . Tight-knit local communities may help to reinforce and encourage certain types of behaviors that protect against cardiovascular damage , the study authors say . Fish good . Mercury , not so much . In June , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued draft recommendations that encourage pregnant women , breastfeeding mothers and young children to eat two to three servings of fish per week to aid fetal and childhood development . This fish should be low in mercury , the FDA said , because mercury can harm the brain and nervous system . This week food safety experts at Consumer Reports analyzed data from the FDA to find out what kinds of seafood are safe for these populations to eat regularly . They identified 20 types -- including salmon , shrimp , domestic crawfish and oysters -- that contain low levels of mercury and are safe to eat several times a week . The experts said pregnant women and children should steer clear of six types of seafood : swordfish , shark , king mackerel , gulf tilefish , marlin and orange roughy . If you are a frequent fish consumer , meaning you eat 24 ounces or more every week , Consumer Reports recommends you avoid those seafood types as well . Researchers also found that canned tuna contained particularly high levels of mercury , and recommended pregnant women avoid it altogether . Having a baby could hurt your  mental  health Many new mothers are made aware of their risk for post-partum depression . But having a baby can put both moms and dads at risk for mental health disorders like anxiety , post-traumatic stress disorder and psychosis , says Carrie Wendel-Hummell , who presented her study on perinatal mental health disorders at the Annual Meeting of the American Sociological Association this week . "  Post-partum depression  has been framed so much as being a hormonal disorder , but the evidence there is actually very limited , " Wendel-Hummell said . "  Childbirth itself is a life change and a life stressor , so actually there 's far more evidence that those risk factors are the cause . " The University of Kansas researcher conducted in-depth interviews with 17 new fathers and 30 new mothers . Many said they experienced stress related to their relationships , family-work balance issues , and struggles with poverty . Wendel-Hummell encourages new parents to accept help from friends , family and the community during the early stages of their child 's life . Cancer screening does n't always help Data shows that screening people with a limited life expectancy for certain types of cancer does n't provide any benefit to their health -- and that treating any cancer found in these patients can do more harm than good . But seniors at high risk for death are still being screened frequently , according to a study published Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine . Researchers looked at data from the National Health Interview Survey from 2000 to 2010 , on more than 27,000 participants over 64 . At least a third of participants with the highest mortality risk had received a recent cancer screening , with 55 % undergoing prostate cancer screening . The analysis also showed that screening was common in participants with less than five years to live , the study authors say . "  It is the physician 's responsibility to tailor treatment to the patient and his cancer , " writes Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer for the American Cancer Society . "  Many Americans simply can not accept that there are cancers that do not need treatment . " Violent video games may depress your fifth grader Video games have long been a topic of intense debate . But most of these discussions have focused on how video games affect aggression or violent tendencies . A new study published in Cyberpsychology , Behavior , and Social Networking looked instead at video games and depression . Researchers analyzed data from 5,147 fifth-grade students and their caregivers , who participated in another study . They found students who played high-violence video games for more than two hours a day had significantly more depressive symptoms than those who played low-violence video games for less than two hours a day . The researchers do n't know if the link between the two is cause-and-effect , meaning the video games cause depression or vice versa . More studies will have to be done to see if the association would last as the students grow older .	Study finds seniors living in a tight-knit community were less at risk for heart attacks Consumer Reports recommends pregnant women skip tuna Having a baby puts a lot of stress on moms -- and dads , study author says
CNN  -- In 1980 , in the pre-Internet , pre-download days when R.E.M. formed in Athens , Georgia , there was no alternative . There was no Americana . There was no grunge . If you listened to pop music , there were essentially three divisions : Top 40 of the type you heard on the rapidly fading AM radio , the corporate rock of album-oriented FM and what was then called college radio -- a catch-all for the punk , new wave , electronic , low-fi and oddball music that almost never crossed over to the mainstream . R.E.M. helped to change all that . They were n't the only ones -- the New York art-punks of the late '70s , notably Talking Heads and Blondie , had hit the Top 40 , and fellow Athens scenesters the B-52 's had established a national following with their party-down rave-ups . But it was R.E.M. that , in the words of Allmusic.com 's Stephen Thomas Erlewine , "  transformed the American underground . " If , in the '60s , teenagers gathered in their parents ' garages in the hopes of being the next Beatles , in the '80s young adults knocked around dormitories in hopes of being the next R.E.M. : melodic , guitar-based and determined not to sell out to the corporate-music crowd . R.E.M. was the great hope of fame-fantasizing , used-record-store clerks everywhere . "  They did this grass-roots thing that nobody had ever done , " said Angie Carlson , a former member of the band Let 's Active , which toured with R.E.M. in the mid - '80s . "  They sort of bypassed big marketing , and were at the clubs networking with the cool fellow record-store people . " In R.E.M. 's wake came a breadth of artists who turned college radio into a home for guitar-based rock and power-pop : the Replacements , Jason and the Scorchers and the Del Fuegos , among many others . Years later , Nirvana emerged and the whole world broke open . Kurt Cobain , in fact , was a big R.E.M. fan . Now R.E.M. has come to an end . "  To our Fans and Friends : As R.E.M. , and as lifelong friends and co-conspirators , we have decided to call it a day as a band , " read a message posted on the group 's website Wednesday . "  We walk away with a great sense of gratitude , of finality , and of astonishment at all we have accomplished . To anyone who ever felt touched by our music , our deepest thanks for listening . " The band did n't easily fit labels . Its early sound , led by Peter Buck 's ringing guitar arpeggios , might best be described as folk-rock , equal parts Byrds-ian harmony and punk snarl . Alongside was lead singer Michael Stipe 's reedy vocals and , more distinctively , his resonant , nonsensical lyrics , full of phrases such as "  Cages under cage " and "  Hear the howl of the rope . "  Pre-Internet , a popular music-geek parlor game involved deciphering R.E.M. lyrics . And underneath Buck and Stipe was the rock-solid rhythm section of bassist Mike Mills and drummer Bill Berry , filling spaces with melodic bass lines and powerhouse percussion . R.E.M. may have had its artsy flourishes , but the band also -- in "  American Bandstand " parlance -- "  had a good beat you could dance to . " The band formed at a time when "  underground " really meant something , said Carlson , now of Figure Eight Publicity . "  You could n't trade  music  on the Internet . You had to know somebody or you had to go the club , " she said . "  And that 's the other reason a band like that was able to thrive -- people went to see live music . "  And they had such a cool vibe in person . They were smart , they were funny , they were charismatic . All of that played into it . " Moreover , the band worked hard , providing a model for others to follow . In the '80s , starting with the 1982 EP "  Chronic Town , " there was a new record almost every year , each one followed by a never-ending tour of theaters and clubs . "  Nobody wanted to play the kinds of bars we played , " Berry recalled in "  Party Out of Bounds , " Rodger Lyle Brown 's chronicle of the Athens music scene . "  Just by being an out-of-town band that played this new kind of music , we were stars . " They had a personal connection with their fans ; after all , Buck was a record-store clerk once , too , and had a deep appreciation of music history . Decades on , they have maintained their ties to Athens . Their management office is still in town . With each album the band 's sound grew deeper and wider , developing the basics on "  Murmur " -- Rolling Stone 's 1983 album of the year -- and "  Reckoning , " exploring folk on "  Fables of the Reconstruction , " and getting back to their roots in 1986 's "  Lifes Rich Pageant . " R.E.M. finally broke through to mainstream success with 1987 's "  Document , " which contained the band 's first Top 10 hit , "  The One I Love , " as well as the radio favorite "  It 's the End of the World as We Know It  And I Feel Fine  . " "  Document " changed things , for the band and its audience . With its success came a major-label deal with Warner Bros. and a change in venue from theaters to arenas . "  It 's weird being a media figure , to be recognized everywhere by somebody , " Stipe told Rolling Stone in 1992 . The members of R.E.M. always seemed aware of their status and took pains to remain true to their muse . "  That would be my worst fear , that we would turn into one of those dumb bands who go into their second decade and do n't know how bad they are and do n't know when to give it up , " Stipe told Rolling Stone . Despite the concerns of many fans -- who , as a 2003 Slate article observed , have been claiming the band 's decline since 1984 -- the early - '90s albums included some of R.E.M. 's best work . "  Out of Time "  1991  featured one of the band 's best songs , "  Losing My Religion " ; famed indie DJ Vin Scelsa was so taken with the song that he played it repeatedly during one radio show . Perhaps the best of the run -- and , to some , the band 's best album , period -- was 1992 's elegiac "  Automatic for the People , " which hit all the right notes : somber  "  Drive "  , humorous  "  The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonight "  , angry  "  Ignoreland "  and hopeful  "  Everybody Hurts "  . The band even managed to work in the F-word in "  Star Me Kitten , " their knockoff of 10cc 's "  I 'm Not in Love . " But the rest of the '90s proved difficult . With the million-selling albums and gigantic tours , they risked becoming what fans had feared : a corporate behemoth . More dramatically , drummer Berry suffered a life-threatening brain aneurysm while on tour in 1995 . He left the group in 1997 , becoming a gentleman farmer in Watkinsville , Georgia , south of Athens . The band continued , but it was n't the same . The albums , such as "  Up "  1998  and "  Reveal "  2001  , were a mixed bag . "  Not as bad as it first sounds , but also not as good as they thought when they released it , " critic Robert Christgau said of "  Reveal . " They toured , on and off . Buck hung out with pal Scott McCaughey 's band , the Minus 5 . The buzz moved on . Hopes were raised with the band 's most recent release , "  Collapse Into Now . " "  Song for song , the best thing we 've ever done , " Buck told Rolling Stone earlier this year . "  We surprised ourselves with this record . We 're all really thrilled with it , " said Stipe in a June CNN interview . But the album was also the end of something -- the final record in their current Warner Bros. deal . It was time for the circle to close . "  We realized that these songs seemed to draw a natural line under the last 31 years of our working together , " Stipe told CNN . Perhaps that 's enough . "  You can talk to any band . They owe a debt to them , somehow , " Carlson said . After all , as the band sang in "  Talk About the Passion , " "  Not everyone can carry the weight of the world . "	R.E.M. helped lead the way for generation of American bands Group was formed in 1980 in Athens , Georgia "  They did this grass-roots thing that nobody had ever done , " says fellow musician Group stayed true to muse , even after becoming million sellers
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia 's health minister was the first person in the country to receive the H1N1 vaccination Saturday in a televised event aimed at calming fears about the safety of the vaccine . After Abdullah Al-Rabeeah got the vaccine , his daughter and several other government officials received it , a spokesman for the Saudi Health Ministry said . The vaccinations became a thorny issue in Saudi Arabia and some neighboring countries after the government strongly recommended the vaccine to people coming to the country for the Hajj , a pilgrimage required of Muslims at least once in their lives . Health officials have been concerned about how to keep the virus , also known as swine flu , from spreading among the millions of visitors expected in Saudi Arabia during this year 's Hajj . But some have expressed fears about the vaccination . "  I 'm being forced to get this shot , " said Saher Abu Al-Khair , an Egyptian who is planning a pilgrimage . "  And if God wills that I should die as a result , so be it . " Saudi 's Health Ministry said it hoped televising the health minister rolling up his sleeve for the shot will help calm fears . "  I have taken the adjuvant vaccine to tell them that even adjuvant vaccine is safe and I gave it to my daughter in public because we 've been studying this for the last few months , " the health minister said . "  We 're confident that it is similar to seasonal flu vaccine and we feel that it is safe . " CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	Health officials concerned about spread of swine flu from millions visiting country for this year 's Hajj Some Saudis have expressed fears about the safety of the H1N1 vaccination prompting Abdullah Al-Rabeeah 's action Health Ministry : "  We 're confident that it is similar to seasonal flu vaccine and we feel that it is safe "
"  Wow ! I totally just watched the awesome cell phone video you shot at that concert ! " Said nobody ever . Yet , at some point , we 've all done it . The band is on stage . The phone is in your pocket . And , lest you actually just dance and enjoy yourself and maybe scan the floor for dropped cash , you decide , instead , to shoot three minutes of unlistenable pixel puke . Because you can . Perhaps you upload the blurry mess to Facebook or YouTube , but in the end , it ultimately just gets filed deep within your camera roll with the pointless images of some overpriced , mediocre meal you ate from a trendy new food truck . For , at the time , that , too , seemed worth documenting . "  Look , Sarah ! Mexican-Chinese-Ethiopian-Pittsburgh fusion ! " It 's difficult to explain just why we do it -- why having a very basic camera in our pocket compels us to shoot photos and videos of live music that , deep down , we know we 'll never look at . Part of it might be the delusional notion of preserving a memory , but it 's probably more about showing everyone in social media that you 're actually out of your house doing something culturally important . As opposed to staying in and slathering your body with ranch dressing . Once again , I believe I 've shared too much . But for exploring your city and having a true , cultural experience , live music counts . Going to Home Depot does n't . Otherwise , we 'd all be tweeting arrogant selfies next to lumber . "  Must be nice to be Gary . Always hanging around wood . " Of course , cell phones annoyingly blocking your view at concerts is nothing new , and even complaining about them  like I am here  has grown rather cliché . Yet , it seems to be getting worse . So , recently , the indie rock band the Yeah Yeah Yeahs decided to try something . They posted a sign : "  PLEASE DO NOT WATCH THE SHOW THROUGH A SCREEN ON YOUR SMART DEVICE/CAMERA . PUT THAT S -- AWAY as a courtesy to the person behind you and to Nick , Karen and Brian . MUCH LOVE AND MANY THANKS ! YEAH YEAH YEAHS " This all came out a couple of weeks ago when a picture of their sign from New York 's Webster Hall was tweeted by Spin magazine , and it quickly got passed around the Internet . The band 's sentiments seemed to strike a nerve . But never mind the annoyance of having to look at the stage through a sea of bright , glaring viewfinders . Even more than that , it 's all just become sort of sad . We 're disconnected from the music . The real eye-opener for me was last year , when I saw Roger Waters perform "  The Wall . " It was incredible . This show had explosions . And shiny things . And planes falling from the sky . It was complete sensory overload , and when I got home , I decided my life needed more lasers . I considered attaching some to my dog . In fact , I 'm still thinking about it . "  The Wall " was simply amazing . Yet , so many people missed the entire show . And they were literally right there . Amidst all the operatic madness of the classic Pink Floyd double album , everywhere I looked , people were watching it through 3 inches of glass on their phones . One of the greatest rock spectacles ever was directly in front of them , yet they actually made the conscious decision to have a worse visual experience . If "  The Wall " was fine dining , it would be like ordering a beautiful steak and then asking the server to put it down his pants for five minutes . "  Look , just run around the building a few times , do some burpees and bring it back . " But , for all those people at the Roger Waters show , I guess it just seemed like the right thing to do at the time . However , I assure you it was n't . So , as an experiment , I want you to pick up your phone , scroll through your photos and videos , and stop when you get to something you shot at a concert . Then ask yourself this : Did I actually pay to see Creed ? And if the answer is yes , go jump into a river . Otherwise , take a moment and really think about that photo . Or that video . Was it worth annoying everyone else behind you ? Has it made your life better ? Will you ever look at it again ? If you 've answered "  yes " to any of these questions , please join the Creed fans somewhere downstream . Your services are no longer needed . Interestingly , though , on a positive note , last weekend I went to Wanee Festival in Live Oak , Florida , for a weekend of Allman Brothers and Widespread Panic and several other bands that rule your face . Deep within the trees among the masses of people , getting a cell phone signal strong enough to utilize the interwebs was next to impossible . Which may explain why I saw so few people actually using their phones to begin with . And as the night sky darkened , I was struck by the absence of little glowing viewfinders . People were just enjoying the music . Part of that is a reflection of the overall music-first vibe at Wanee Festival , But it still proves that it 's entirely possible to be a part of the live music experience without having to document it in some way . Of course , if you have a quality camera and can get up close , there 's definitely an art in concert photography . And people certainly appreciate that . But for everyone else , let 's all agree to give it a rest . Do it for you . Just experience the music , take it in , and we 'll talk about our favorite moments over late-night food . I know a great place for Mexican-Chinese-Ethiopian-Pittsburgh fusion .	Indie band Yeah Yeah Yeahs asked fans to not use mobile devices Jarrett Bellini : You 're not preserving a memory Who actually looks at old cell phone concert photos ?
CNN  -- Mesut Ozil salvaged a 2-2 home draw for Real Madrid against Borussia Dortmund in their Champions League Tuesday with a last-gasp equalizer . German champions Dortmund looked set for a famous win in the Bernabeu until Ozil struck , but they still lead the so-called "  Group of Champions " by a point with two matches remaining . Ajax Amsterdam kept their hopes of qualifying for the last 16 knockout stage alive with a 2-2 draw at English Premier League champions Manchester City , whose slim hopes took a further knock . City were stunned in their Etihad Stadium as Siem de Jong took advantage of slack defending to score twice in quick succession . The home side gave themselves renewed hope when Yaya Toure volleyed home to cut the deficit and Sergio Aguero leveled after the break . City had an goal disallowed for offside and Mario Balotelli 's penalty appeal on the final whistle was also ignored . Manager Roberto Mancini confronted the match officials after the incident which leaves his team without a win in four games . Dortmund , so impressive in the Etihad in a drawn match in the previous round of matches , were again on top form on the road in Madrid . They took the lead when Marco Reus volleyed an unstoppable shot past Iker Casillas but Pepe leveled for Real with a thumping header . Just before half time , Dortmund went ahead again as Robert Lewandowski crossed for Mario Goetze to force Alvaro Abeloa to put past his own goalkeeper . Only a minute was remaining when German international Ozil curled in a free kick to spare Jose Mourinho 's men a rare home defeat . Schalke came from two goals behind to earn a 2-2 home draw in Gelsenkirchen with EPL side Arsenal . England 's Theo Walcott and French international Olivier Giroud put the visitors in command at the Veltins Arena with neat strikes in quick succession in the first half . But Dutch striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar scored a crucial goal for the Royal Blues just before half time to rekindle their hopes , shortly after being denied by a superb save from Vito Mannone . The home side pressed strongly for the equalizer in the second half and it came as no surprise when Peru striker Jefferson Farfan hammered home their second . But Arsenal were always dangerous on the break and Walcott was left frustrated at the end as his effort was blocked by Lars Unnerstall . "  It 's regrettable that we conceded a goal before the break , then missed a goal with the last chance of the game . They both had a great influence on the result , " Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger told Sky Sports . The result leaves Schalke one point clear of Group B ahead of Arsenal . Olympiakos of Greece are third , one point further back after beating French side Montpellier 3-1 in the other match . Champions League new boys Malaga sealed their passage to the knockout stage with a 1-1 draw at seven-time champions AC Milan in Group C. Eliseu put the Spanish visitors ahead just before half time , but Milan stayed in second place in the section after Pato equalized in the second half . Delighted Malaga manager Manuel Pellegrini lauded their efforts . "  We did n't win , but to come to the San Siro and get a draw is an important victory for us , " he told AFP . Anderlecht moved to within a point of Milan in the battle for the second qualification spot with a 1-0 home win over Zenit St. Petersburg . Portuguese giants Porto also clinched their qualification from Group A with a goalless draw at Dynamo Kiev in the Ukraine . Big spending Paris St. Germain are almost certain to join them after thumping Dinamo Zagreb of Croatia 4-0 with goals from Alex , Blaise Matuidi , Jeremy Menez and Guillaume Hoarau .	Real Madrid salvage 2-2 home draw against Borussia Dortmund German champions Dortmund still lead tough Group D of Champions League Schalke top Group B after 2-2 home draw against Arsenal Malaga qualify from Group C with 1-1 draw at AC Milan
CNN  Pope Francis urged millions gathered in Manila on Sunday to take care of one another -- and help promote peace in the world . Worshippers in ponchos of all colors held up flickering candles in the rain , hanging on his every word . The Pope wore a yellow poncho over his robe as he celebrated the Mass , which was attended by 6 million people , according to the Philippine News Agency . "  May he enable all the beloved people of this country to work together , protecting one another , beginning with your families and communities , " the Pope said . His homily followed a thunderous welcome to the capital . As he entered the park , the huge crowd chanted , "  Papa Francesco , Papa Francesco ! " He waved , kissed babies and reached over to touch the hands reaching out to him . The Pope 's message included one he 's talked about many times : empathy . "  In these days , throughout my visit , I have listened to you sing the song ` We are all God 's children , ' " he said . "  All of us are God 's children , members of God 's family . " Young people , he said , especially need extra care . "  Jesus himself needed to be protected , " he said . "  We too need to protect , guide and encourage our young people , helping them to build a society worthy of their great spiritual and cultural heritage , " he said . As Francis left the venue in the capital , some jumped over barricades and ran after his vehicle . "  We love you , Papa Francesco ! " others yelled . Heavy rains pounded the city ahead of the Mass. . Tropical storm-force winds howled just east of the event venue . The nation intensified security at all venues , with the presidential detail deployed to safeguard the Pope . About 25,000 Philippine national police are backing the presidential security detail tasked with safety for the event , authorities said . "  We are putting our best foot forward in this historic national event , " said Leonardo Espina , the deputy director general of the national police . "  We have rehearsed and fine-tuned all our systems and procedures for this event , such that we have established full backup system that will address any unforeseen situation that may arise . " Firearms were prohibited in all areas holding events linked to the papal visit , including the routes his entourage would use . A day earlier , the Pope cut short his trip to Tacloban as an approaching typhoon with blistering winds threatened the Philippine city about 600 kilometers  370 miles  southeast of Manila . Tacloban is still recovering from the 2013 disaster of Super Typhoon Haiyan , described as one of the strongest storms ever recorded with 195-mph sustained winds . It killed 6,300 people nationwide . Typhoon Mekkhala , which is called Typhoon Amang in the Philippines , made landfall Saturday afternoon just northeast of Tacloban . Francis donned a slicker to celebrate Mass in Tacloban on Saturday for hundreds of thousands who gathered despite the stormy weather . Mekkhala was downgraded Sunday , but was still packing winds up to 45 mph and heavy rains . The Pope 's trip began Tuesday in Sri Lanka ; he landed in the Philippines on Thursday . On Friday , he met with President Benigno Aquino , and the pontiff urged the political leader to reject corruption and promote "  honesty , integrity and commitment to the common good , " the Vatican said . He also called for social justice and respect for human dignity , according to a copy of his remarks provided by the Vatican . "  Here in the Philippines , countless families are still suffering from the effects of natural disasters . The economic situation has caused families to be separated by migration and the search for employment , and financial problems strain many households , " he said . "  While all too many people live in dire poverty , others are caught up in materialism and lifestyles which are destructive of family life , " the pope said . He plans to leave Manila for Rome on Monday . CNN 's Steve Tuemmler contributed to this report .	About 6 million people attend the Mass in Manila Crowds chant , "  Papa Francesco , Papa Francesco ! " as he arrives at the park
CNN  -- After all the doubts and fears , the Winter Olympics finally began on Thursday -- even if the sporting action did get underway ahead of the opening ceremony officially opening the Games . That has not happened since the Sarajevo Olympics of 1984 but this will matter little to Great Britain 's Billy Morgan , who had the honor of being the first athlete to compete in Sochi . The snowboarder was competing in slopestyle , which is making its debut at this year 's Games . The two other disciplines that took place on Thursday were the womens ' moguls and the men 's team figure skating . The latter event was also making its debut , in a bid to emulate the drama and emotion found in the Summer Olympics ' gymnastics event , and was the highlight of the opening day for host nation Russia . All eyes were on Yevgeny Plushenko , who may be a three-time Olympic medalist but whose presence in Sochi was marked by controversy . Despite ruling himself out of contention for the Olympics , the 31-year-old was named as the only male figure skater in the Russian team ahead of younger colleagues , notably 18-year-old national champion Maxim Kovtun . Inside the Iceberg Skating Palace , the 2006 Olympic gold medalist wowed the locals with a glittering performance as he put his own concerns about his aging and aching body to one side to register a personal best of 91.39 . "  After 12 surgeries on my body , that I can skate in a fourth Olympics is great , " said Plushenko , who has undergone surgery on his spine and knees in recent years . "  When I came on the ice , everywhere everybody was screaming and shouting . I was a bit shocked . I felt kind of dizzy . " Lapped up by the partisan spectators , with tennis star Maria Sharapova among their number , the man nicknamed ` Zhenya ' could only place second -- upstaged , perhaps ironically given the nature of his selection , by a teenager . Japan 's Yuzuru Hanyu , 19 , freely admits that Plushenko was his idol when growing up but he bettered his idol by some distance when scoring 97.98 points . "  Plushenko to me is a hero and it felt great just to take to the same ice as him , " said Hanyu , whose Japan sit fourth in the ten-team field . Thanks to a fine display from Tatiana Volosozhar and Maxim Trankov , Russia finished the day in pole position , their 19 points two better than Canada with China sitting on 15 . The ladies short program , the ice dance short dance and the pairs free skate final will take place on Saturday with men 's and women 's free skating and the team ice dance final on Sunday . In the slopestyle , Mark McMorris came into the games as one of Canada 's brightest medal hopes but he failed to qualify automatically for Saturday 's final and so must make it through the semifinals earlier that day . Despite breaking a rib two weeks ago , the 20-year-old refused to blame the injury for his poor performance . McMorris is one of nearly 3,000 athletes who will compete for 98 gold medals over the next 16 days , with athletes from 87 different countries taking part in Sochi . ` Harmony , Friendship and Mutual Respect ' On Thursday , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed his hopes that the international event will overcome the negative vibes that have clouded its preparations . While security fears have dominated the international media because of simmering tensions in the nearby North Caucasus region of the country , where Islamic separatists have conducted a string of deadly attacks , a great deal of attention has also focused on Russia 's anti-gay laws . "  I hope that this Olympics will be the venue where people , regardless of their sexual orientation , will really be able to enjoy harmony , friendship and mutual respect , and compete in the spirit of the Olympic movement , " said the South Korean in his keynote address to the International Olympic Committee . "  That is what the Russian government is committed to , and that is what I am assured by President Putin . " "  I know principle six of the Olympic Charter enshrines the IOC 's opposition to any form of discrimination , " he added . Ban did not specifically address the situation in Russia , whose parliament passed a hugely controversial law banning the dissemination of "  gay propaganda " to minors last year . The ruling prompted some to call for a boycott of the 2014 Games . On Friday , more than 24 hours after the first athletes competed , Sochi will officially start with an opening ceremony about which little is known . Tipped to feature a light show and music , organizers will be hoping that the inevitable fireworks are restricted to the sky -- and not to a games whose buildup has been anything but dazzling .	Action begins ahead of opening ceremony for first time in 30 years Briton Billy Morgan effectively starts Sochi 2014 in slopestyle snowboarding U.N. Secretary-General calls for harmonious and friendly games
Editors ' Note : Below is an excerpt from Larry King 's new autobiography "  My Remarkable Journey " published by Weinstein Books . Larry King anchors "  Larry King Live at 9 p.m. ET on CNN . In 1959 , Bobby Darin , left , was Larry 's first major guest on his WKAT radio program . Larry Zeiger left Brooklyn , New York , for Miami Beach , Florida , at the age of 23 to try to find a job in radio . This is how he got his new name : I went to stay with my Uncle Jack in Miami Beach . I was so excited that I started knocking on doors the next day . I stopped at a small station on First Street , WAHR . The guy in charge liked my voice . "  We get a lot of people coming and going , " he told me . "  If you hang around , you 'll get the first opening . " I sat and watched in fascination for a few weeks . It was a tiny operation , but the sight of the UPI and AP machines furiously clicking out news made me feel like I was on the brink of something big . Miami Beach was like a dream . The palm trees . The ocean . I remember walking past Joe 's Stone Crab . Joe 's is more than a restaurant , it 's a landmark . It was full when I arrived in 1957 , and I guarantee you , people will be waiting in line tomorrow night . I stopped outside the front window with only a few dollars in my pocket , unable to afford a meal , looking at the happy faces , wondering what it would take to get into a place like that . Then came my big break . There was a morning deejay named Tom Baer . He was making sixty dollars a week and his alimony was sixty-five . He claimed to be living off the coconuts falling from trees . He quit on a Friday , and the general manager told me I could start on Monday . I must have rehearsed the entire weekend . I do n't even think I slept . On Monday morning I showed up at WAHR with the record that would play my theme song , "  Swingin ' Down the Lane . " The general manager called me into his office to wish me good luck . "  By the way , " he said , "  what name are you going to use ? " "  What do you mean ? " "  You ca n't use Larry Zeiger , " he said . "  It 's too ethnic . People wo n't be able to spell it or remember it . You need a better name . " There was no time to think about whether this was good or bad or what my mother would say . I was going on the air in five minutes . The Miami Herald was spread out on his desk . Face-up was a full-page ad for King 's Wholesale Liquors . The general manager looked down and said , "  King ! How about Larry King ? " "  OK , " I said . This was the opportunity of a lifetime . I was n't going to blow it . "  Fine . You 'll host The Larry King Show . " Nine o'clock was approaching . That 's when the news came on . A few minutes later , The Larry King Show would make its debut . I went through the control-room door , sat down , and set up my record . The news ended . I started my theme song , then faded down the music so I could introduce myself . I opened my mouth . It was as dry as cotton . For the first time in my life , I could n't speak . So I brought "  Swingin ' Down the Lane " up again and faded it once more . Again , not a single word came out of my mouth . I could only wonder if listeners were hearing the pounding of my heart . I 'd waited for this moment my whole life . How could I be blowing it ? Once more , I cranked up "  Swingin ' Down the Lane " -- but not a word came out of me . The next thing I knew , the general manager was kicking open the door to the control room . "  This is a communications business ! " he roared in a way that only a general manager can . Then he turned , walked out , and slammed the door behind him . Shaken , I leaned in to the microphone and said , "  Good morning . This is my first day ever on the radio . I 've always wanted to be on the air . I 've been practicing all weekend . A few minutes ago , they gave me my new name . I 've had a theme song ready to play , but my mouth is dry . I 'm nervous . And the general manager just kicked open the door and said , ` This is a communications business ! ' " That 's how my career started on May 1 , 1957 . Years later , Arthur Godfrey would tell me , "  The only secret in this business is ... there is no secret . " He was right . I learned a great lesson on my first day . There 's no trick to being yourself . I do n't think I 've ever been nervous on the air since then .	Larry Zeiger moved from Brooklyn to Miami in 1957 in pursuit of a radio hosting gig Zeiger became Larry King when his first boss called his name "  too ethnic " Larry recalls being unable to speak his first time on-air He quickly overcame his first-day jitters and has felt at home on the air ever since
CNN  -- The Bling Ring , Sofia Coppola 's acerbically arresting fifth feature , is a tasty contradiction : a clear-eyed , empathetic look at people the movie does n't even pretend you can like . It 's a true-life drama of American youth culture gone mad . Based on a 2010 Vanity Fair article by Nancy Jo Sales , the film tells the story of a pack of L.A. teenagers  four girls and one boy  who in 2008 began to break into the homes of their celebrity idols  like Lindsay Lohan and Rachel Bilson  to steal their clothes , shoes , and jewelry . We see them troll the Web to find out which stars are going to be out of town , and they then sneak in easily , climbing over security fences . Once inside , they basically go shopping . They rifle through designer dresses , find roomfuls of necklaces , and get to Valhalla when they reach the sacred chamber where Paris Hilton keeps her shoes . Designer pieces worth stealing : 17 picks inspired by ` Bling Ring ' The characters are presented as a new species of mutant . They care about nothing â $ " nothing ! â $ " but fashion , star gossip , consumer goods , and the way these things mash together to a grinding hip-hop party beat . But where a lesser filmmaker might have turned the members of the Bling Ring into warped rebels , Coppola sees that they 're acting out a sociopathic version of the obsessions that now rule far too many of us : They 're the first generation to worship actors purely for being celebrity-endorsement show ponies . Given what a debased view that is , the clever beauty of The Bling Ring is its scandalous yet never mocking tone , its refusal to satirize . For a while , the girls ' personalities seem almost interchangeable , but that 's part of the texture . Katie Chang gives the leader a ripe synthetic glow , and Emma Watson does a remarkable job of demonstrating that glassy-eyed insensitivity need not be stupid . A - See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sofia Coppola 's latest film opens June 14 Based on a 2010 Vanity Fair article , the movie is about fame-obsessed teenage robbers Their victims included Paris Hilton , Lindsay Lohan and more
CNN  -- Ken Gehle first noticed something was wrong about a year ago : He 'd sit down to dinner and the first bite of food seemed to get stuck in his throat . The social networking site CaringBridge helped cancer survivor Ken Gehle stay positive during treatment . "  As soon as I would swallow or take a big swig of liquid and swallow , I 'd be fine , " explained Gehle . A few months later he started hiccuping at mealtimes . When antacids did n't bring relief , his doctor decided to take a closer look . "  They scoped me , did a biopsy and there it was , " said Gehle . At age 45 , the father of two learned he had esophageal cancer . He had surgery to remove a tumor and began chemotherapy and radiation . While Gehle was getting medical attention , he felt the need for emotional support as well , plus he wanted a way to communicate with his large extended family . So he and his wife , Tamara , got on the Internet and signed up for an online community called CaringBridge . "  The ability to communicate what 's going on , as well as for those who are watching and concerned to communicate back -- it 's just simple , but brilliant , " said Gehle . Health Minute : Watch more on social networking during illness " It was n't hard to get started . The Gehles , like others who use CaringBridge , set up what is essentially their own personal Web site . There 's a journal area where the patient or a loved one can enter background information as well as updates on the patient 's condition . And there 's a guestbook area where friends and family members can leave messages of comfort and support . Guests can choose to be alerted via e-mail if there 's a new journal entry . Tamara Gehle invited about 200 friends , family and co-workers to visit the site . In the months that followed , the Gehles got about 15,000 visits . "  When I was really in the dumps ... to get up every morning and read what people wrote overnight was one of the key things that got me through my day . It ... helped me say ` OK , let 's keep moving forward , ' " said Ken Gehle . Helping people like the Gehles cope with a medical crisis or a life-changing event was part of Sona Mehring 's inspiration for the creation of CaringBridge . Twelve years ago , a friend of Mehring 's gave birth to a very premature baby and needed help communicating with her family and friends . Instead of making dozens and dozens of phone calls on behalf of her friend , Mehring created CaringBridge . "  It was one of the first blogs . ... It was one of the first social networks , " says Mehring . Now over 145,000 CaringBridge sites have been created , and in the last 12 months , over 30 million users and visitors have logged on . Other popular sites include CarePages , Planet Cancer for young adults , and Group Loop , where teens with cancer can chat with other teens . The American Cancer Society 's Cancer Survivors Network also offers plenty of support . Researchers say that social support systems can make a difference to people battling illnesses like cancer . "  The jury is still out a little bit on whether social support helps you survive -- but it definitely helps you live better , " said Dr. Charles Raison , an assistant professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Emory University School of Medicine and CNNhealth.com 's mental health expert . He noted that while some studies show a survival benefit and others do n't , almost all show an improvement in quality of life . "  When people provide each other with support and encouragement -- that can make the difference in a person 's life between ... surrendering to hopelessness and ... finding the gumption to keep going , " he said . Support networks can also be good for family members , who are at higher risk for depression during a crisis . "  They help take the burden off the family , " said Raison . "  When you are deeply connected with a loved one who is going through something that is very difficult , it puts tremendous psychological stress on family members . ... So anything that helps a patient come to a more positive , hopeful place is almost certainly going to be good for the mental health of the family members that are also struggling with the illness . " Getting that support , via CaringBridge , has made all the difference to the Gehles . Ken Gehle is now in remission and will continue to get scoped and scanned every six months for the next five years . "  I think ... people expressing how they felt about what I was going through or how they felt about me , helped with keeping the positive going , " said Gehle .	During health crisis , social support can help a person live better , maybe longer Support via CaringBridge helped Ken Gehle get through cancer treatment CaringBridge lets patients create Web site , post updates and receive messages
Ol Pejeta Conservancy , Kenya  CNN  At first glance , Sudan looks like any other northern white rhino : stout and agile , with square lips . He grazes under the hot sun , his massive head lowered to the ground , at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in central Kenya . When he 's not wallowing in his enclosure , he waddles around the sprawling savannah , stopping briefly to drink water from a concrete hole . But Sudan is not just any rhino . He 's the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world . For an animal on the verge of extinction , the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with the two female northern white rhinos at the conservancy . Sudan 's female companions , Fatu and Najin , live at the conservancy , where experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct . The animals are under 24-hour protection by armed guards . Rhinos are targeted by poachers , fueled by the belief in Asia that their horns cure various ailments . Experts say the rhino horn is becoming more lucrative than drugs . In addition to round-the-clock security , the conservancy has put radio transmitters on the animals and dispatches incognito rangers into neighboring communities to gather intelligence on poaching . The conservancy is also raising funds to help equip and train rangers who guard the rhinos . At 42 , Sudan is elderly in rhino years . Fatu , 15 , is a spring chicken , while Najin is 25 . Though the three northern white rhinos are physiologically healthy , age might be a factor , says George Paul , the deputy veterinarian at the conservancy . "  Sudan is currently old and may not be able to naturally mount and mate with a female , " he says . In addition , he has a low sperm count , which complicates natural and scientific efforts , experts say . Najin could conceive , but her hind legs are so weak , she may be unable to support a mounted male . "  There has been recorded mating between different pairs over the last few years , but not conceptions , " Paul says . "  Based on a recent health examination conducted , both animals have a regular estrus cycle , but no conception has been recorded . " And if one is not recorded soon , the beloved animal will go extinct . Rhinos on a plane : Life-saving mission across borders In a race against time , international experts are resorting to science to try to sustain the subspecies . The northern white rhino can not mate with a black rhino , but there is a chance it could mate with a southern white rhino , Paul says . While southern white rhinos are not endangered -- Ol Pejeta has 19 -- they are a different subspecies from the northern white rhino genetically . Though the offspring would not be 100 % northern white rhino , it would be better than nothing , experts say . A committee at the conservancy is also looking at various alternative reproduction techniques , including in vitro fertilization . "  In other countries , success has been achieved with embryo transfer in a different rhino species , thus that , as a technique , can be presupposed to be the most promising , " Paul says . "  However , consultations are ongoing amongst different reproductive technique experts on the way forward . " Bringing rhinos back to Uganda , one calf at a time The need to preserve the northern white rhino is dire . "  Realistically , we are looking at these animals dying in the next decade or so . But hopefully , using artificial methods of reproduction , we might be able to bring them back in the future , " Paul says . "  This might mean that it will happen when the current animals are already deceased , but it could happen . " The conservancy acquired the northern white rhinos -- two males and two females -- in 2009 from a zoo in the Czech Republic . Suni , the other male northern white rhino at the conservancy , died last year . In another incident , another male , Angalifu , died at the San Diego Zoo last year , bringing the subspecies closer to extinction . There are no known northern white rhinos left in the wild . A total of five remain in captivity worldwide : three in Kenya , and one each at zoos in San Diego and the Czech Republic . But Sudan , a male , is in a company of one . 11 wildlife experiences that could vanish in your lifetime	Sudan is one of a handful of northern white rhinos left worldwide As the only male , the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with two females at a conservancy Experts are trying various ways , including in vitro fertilization
CNN  Chelsea 's good week continued when the Blues beat West Ham 1-0 in the English Premier League to maintain a five-point lead over Manchester City atop the table . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho -- who picked up another trophy Sunday in the League Cup final -- had never lost to West Ham in the top flight and Belgian attacker Eden Hazard ensured three more points when he netted in the first half Wednesday at the Hammers ' Upton Park . "  The game was very difficult , " Hazard told Sky . "  One big battle against a good team with very good players . "  It 's always difficult when you do n't score the second goal to kill the game . But one goal was enough . It 's not always like this . "  The goalkeeper , the defense we have are very strong . It was very good . " Chelsea keeper Thibaut Courtois made a string of good saves in the second half but West Ham boss Sam Allardyce lamented his team 's finishing -- plus the refereeing . He felt Hazard 's goal was offside . "  When you look back on the season and they say these things even themselves out , that 's the biggest load of rubbish I 've ever heard , " the under pressure Allardyce told Sky . Nigel Pearson , manager of last-place Leicester , also felt aggrieved after his team lost 2-0 to reigning league champion Manchester City . Leicester did n't get a penalty when City striker Wilfried Bony appeared to foul Jeff Schlupp in the box in the first half or when Fernando fouled Andrej Kramaric in the second . Leicester struck the woodwork , too . City -- reeling following back-to-back defeats to Barcelona in the Champions League and Liverpool -- only really came to life after David Silva 's opener in first-half stoppage time . Leicester 's veteran keeper Mark Schwarzer thwarted City to keep it close but could do little on James Milner 's 88th-minute effort . The win was "  very important because it was a very difficult week with two bad results against Liverpool and Barcelona , " said City manager Manuel Pellegrini , who rested club captain Vincent Kompany . Elsewhere , four teams vying for Champions League spots all won . Manchester United claimed all three points at Newcastle when Ashley Young took advantage of keeper Tim Krul 's error in the 89th minute ; Arsenal doubled third-last QPR 2-1 ; surging Liverpool shut out second-last Burnley 2-0 ; and League Cup finalist Tottenham defeated Swansea 3-2 in a game overshadowed by French striker Bafetimbi Gomis collapsing to the turf . United defender Jonny Evans might have been fortunate to escape unpunished at St. James ' Park , since he appeared to spit in striker Papiss Cisse 's direction when they clashed in the first half . Cisse then appeared to spit back at Evans . Arsenal remained third , with United in fourth on 53 points , two better than Liverpool , four better than Southampton and six better than Spurs , who have a game in hand . In Wednesday 's other match , Stoke extended Everton 's league slide by blanking the Toffees 2-0 at home . Barcelona reaches Copa del Rey final In Spain , meanwhile , Barcelona reached the Copa del Rey final by easing past Villarreal 6-2 on aggregate . Holding a 3-1 lead after the first leg , Barcelona won away by the same score Wednesday , helped by Neymar 's double . Barcelona faces familiar foe Athletic Bilbao in May 's finale . Bilbao advanced 3-1 on aggregate over Espanyol , prevailing in the second leg 2-0 . Barcelona topped Bilbao in the 2009 and 2011 finals .	After winning the League Cup on Sunday , Chelsea triumphs in the league The Blues beat West Ham 1-0 to keep their five point lead over Man City Manchester City kept pace by defeating last place Leicester 2-0 Manchester United scored late to down Newcastle 1-0
CNN  -- Formula One teams are planning an innovative joint launch ahead of the 2010 season . In a further effort to cut costs , the move will see all 13 teams on show in a special event in Valencia at the end of January . In the past , teams have either held their own special launches at their factories , or revealed their cars at one of the pre-season tests . Mercedes-Benz GP chief executive Nick Fry outlined the initiative at the Motor Sport Business Forum in Monaco . "  I do n't want to go into too much detail about what the plans actually are , but we have agreed between all the teams to do a joint launch and we do wish to turn it into a proper event , " Fry told reporters . "  We are getting a lot of help from the venue and investment in communication and marketing to do that . I would n't wish to spill the beans on what we are going to do , but it is going to be hugely new and innovative . "  It is going to be a clear demonstration of how we are going to be working together . We are not all going off and doing our own individual launches , so we can do something that is a lot more customer friendly . " It is understood the new teams -- Virgin Racing , US F1 , Lotus and Campos -- may struggle to have their cars ready by then , but they would certainly be present at the event .	Formula One teams are planning an innovative joint launch ahead of the 2010 season . The move will see all 13 teams on show in a special event in Valencia at the end of January . But new teams Virgin Racing , US F1 , Lotus and Campos may struggle to have their cars ready by then
WOODBURY , Minnesota  CNN  -- At 14 , Andrew Busskohl got a second chance at life when he underwent a heart transplant . But four years later , neighbors have more fear than compassion for him . Police say Andrew Busskohl plotted to kill a neighbor but was stopped before it got to that point . Busskohl , 18 , has been charged with two felony counts relating to a break-in attempt . But police say he was up to something more sinister : a murder plot that involved cutting out the victim 's heart or slicing off his eyelids . Busskohl posted $ 100,000 bail on condition he undergo psychological evaluation . He 's living with his mother and brother in the same neighborhood where authorities say he had planned to carry out his attack . As condition of his release , he is allowed to leave the Woodbury , Minnesota , home only for medical , psychological and legal appointments . Defense attorney Joe Friedberg says that his client is a threat to no one and that his medications affected his mood . "  The Woodbury police are excited because they got something that 's more serious than a cat up a tree , " Friedberg said . "  This is a very unique case , and frankly , I do n't know the ramifications of anything yet . " Busskohl has been charged with one count of first-degree attempted burglary with a dangerous weapon and one count of aggravated harassment with a dangerous weapon . He has not entered a plea in the case . Busskohl 's release has sent shockwaves through this quiet Minneapolis suburb of about 50,000 people . Residents say they survey their homes before entering , secure their windows and check behind curtains and other household items once inside . Once rarely used , alarm systems now are on constantly . "  My whole family is feeling a lot more nervous , " said one neighbor , who asked not to be identified . "  We 're just always looking out the windows . ... The whole neighborhood in general is feeling the same way . " Tim Kinateder said that his alarm system is on "  nonstop now " and that everyone in his family has taken extreme precautions around the home . He did n't mince his words when he spoke of Busskohl being out on bail . "  That , to me , is ridiculous . I do n't understand how that can happen , " Kinateder said . Across the street , Jim Fratto has taken more security measures than most . Fratto sleeps with a baseball bat next to his bed and a flashlight on his nightstand . A 10-foot-long 2 by 4 barricades his bedroom door . He 's installed lights with motion sensors on the outside of his home and added locks on his doors , both inside and out . Tour Fratto 's high-security house " It is Fratto who , authorities say , was to be Busskohl 's possible victim . He lives just a few blocks from Busskohl . Walking through his home , Fratto shows off the locks on his interior doors . They rattle and clang with every movement . "  He 's going to have to bang a little bit to get in at me . And hopefully , I 'll be able to wake up by then , " he said through a wild-eyed gaze and booming laugh . "  If not , sayonara . " Busskohl admits breaking a window of Fratto 's home , police say , in the early hours of August 6 . Although it may not sound like much on the surface , police now say it was the first step of the plot . Busskohl was planning to return to that shattered window in the next couple of days for an easy entry , one without commotion , according to the criminal complaint filed against him . The complaint says one of Busskohl 's friends , Eric Eischens , went to police shortly after the window-breaking incident . "  Mr. Eischens stated that Mr. Busskohl told him that he had come up with a plan on how to murder someone , " the complaint says . "  Mr. Eischens stated that Mr. Busskohl wanted to find an adult male who lived by himself and within walking distance of the defendant 's house . " Eischens is quoted in the complaint as also telling police that "  Mr. Busskohl stated that he would then either stab the potential victim in the chest or slash his throat . Mr. Busskohl told Mr. Eischens that he would then either cut off the eyelids of the victim or cut out his heart . " The complaint alleges that Busskohl acknowledged to police his conversation with his friend but also told them , "  I 'm not even sure I would have gone through with it . " Friedberg , the defense attorney , said he could understand Fratto being "  frightened or mad . " "  The evidence I received , -LSB- Busskohl -RSB- discussed very openly these things with the police , " Friedberg said . "  When you said bizarre , that 's probably an understatement . " Busskohl was taking seven or eight medications -- a combination of anti-rejection medicine for his heart and anti-depressants -- at the time of his arrest , according to Friedberg . He said a doctor who evaluated him in jail recommended that he be taken off one medication and two others be substituted in its place . "  Within eight to 10 hours , the bizarre type of thinking he was undergoing was gone , " Friedberg says . "  If anybody were to meet him and talk to him at this point , he represents no threat to anyone . " He has advised his client not to talk with members of the media . In 2004 , Busskohl became a common face on local Minnesota media when he underwent a successful heart transplant . Shortly after the surgery , according to the Star Tribune newspaper , he showed off his scar to a reporter and said , "  I plan on becoming a surgeon . " If convicted on the charges , Busskohl could face a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and a fine of $ 17,500 for the first count and a maximum of 5 years and $ 10,000 fine for the second count . Busskohl has no prior arrests , and the prosecutor 's office said that under the sentencing guidelines of Minnesota , it would be unlikely he 'd serve more than 48 months if convicted . His arraignment is set for September 3 . According to the criminal complaint filed this month , authorities obtained a search warrant for Busskohl 's car and found a swim cap , black gloves , latex gloves , scrubs , gauze , an address card with Fratto 's name and address , a map to Fratto 's house , shoe covers , a pry bar , a black mask , two bags , one knife , two flashlights , one set of tweezers , two pairs of scissors and one scalpel . Busskohl told authorities the items were there "  if -LSB- he -RSB- somehow went through with the act , " according to the complaint . Fratto says it was difficult to grasp when police first informed him of the alleged plot . "  I did n't even look at it as a murder plot until they actually started putting it on the news , " he said . Standing in his backyard , he pointed into the air . "  What bothers me is : If you throw a rock , he 's about four blocks away . " Although many neighbors said they believe that a much more serious charge of attempted murder should have been pursued , the prosecutor stands by his decision . Washington County attorney Doug Johnson said the two felony counts Busskohl faces are the only ones he could pursue under state law . For a charge of attempted murder , he said , an individual has to follow through on an act "  which is a substantial step toward , and more than preparation for , the commission of the crime . " "  Now I 'm not saying I 'm happy with that -LSB- law -RSB- , " Johnson said . "  But if we have somebody that 's just simply preparing to commit the crime and does not take a substantial step toward committing that crime , we ca n't charge an attempt . And that 's what this is all about . " As for Fratto , he 'll still keep locking his doors , armed with his flashlight and baseball bat . He 's thankful to still be alive . "  If it was n't for his friend and the grace of God , that 'd be it . "	Police : Heart transplant teen planned to cut out possible victim 's heart Andrew Busskohl , 18 , charged with two felony counts relating to broken window Prosecutor stands by charges ; neighbors upset teen not facing attempted murder Defense attorney says teen 's medication affected his thinking
The middle-aged man stands in line , patiently waiting . He 's wearing the de facto uniform of the Seoul businessman , a fitted black suit and thin tie . He 's driven an hour to be here at the memorial site at Ansan , joining the 100,000 mourners paying their respects before the school portraits of children who will never grow old . "  I 'm a father of two kids , " he weeps , his hand firmly over his chest , as if to press in a breaking heart . "  I just am very sorry because I can do nothing for these families . I just want to come here to say I 'm very sorry to these families . " He knew no one aboard the Sewol ferry -- his life in Seoul should be blissfully separate from the unfolding disaster at sea . But he embodies the grief , guilt and anger that leaves virtually no one in South Korea untouched . Nation in yellow The main road into Jindo is lined with yellow . Every 6 feet , another yellow ribbon waves in the wind of the passing cars . At Danwon High School in Ansan , where the junior class lost three quarters of its students in the ferry disaster , yellow ribbons are tied at the gates . But these ribbons did n't start at the disaster site or the school . In the nation that refers to itself as the most wired in the world , South Korea 's ribbons began online , as a simple yellow square with the outline of a bow . University students designed the image and began to spread it on an instant messaging site in South Korea called Kakao Talk on April 19 . The meaning began as a hopeful one , "  one small step , big miracle . " As the death toll continues to rise , it 's evolved into a national sign of grief . People are tying ribbons to their homes and schools across the country . The ribbons prominently appear on television news programs nearly every half hour , somber music sometimes playing underneath the slow-motion images of the yellow across the country . The prim presenters of South Korea 's television programs , whose female anchors tend to favor hot pink and royal blue , are all wearing grey and black suits . One story dominates the news channels -- the Sewol ferry disaster , from the investigation to the national mourning . On Korean language Twitter and Facebook , users share their grief in short messages with a yellow ribbon . Overwhelmingly , the messages tend to focus on a sense of rage and helplessness . "  I am sorry that I could n't rescue you and help you , " Twitter user @sbja22 wrote . Children , a nation 's treasure The palpable desire to rescue the victims centers around who the passengers are -- students from Danwon High School . Juniors in South Korea 's high schools have traditionally been granted a special outing or field trip before notoriously rigorous college entrance exams . The teenagers who boarded the Sewol ferry were experiencing a national rite of passage that turned to horror . Children in South Korea are considered a family 's treasure , the ones who have traditionally been doted on and showered with attention . Obedience in the young is prized . Parental protection is the reward . The Sewol disaster tears through much of the cultural structure expected in modern Korean society of children and elders . The first emergency call from the doomed ferry came from a Danwon student , 17-year-old Choi Duk-ha . "  Save us . We are on a ship , and I think it 's sinking , " he pleaded as he called emergency services . The adults on the ship failed to make the first distress call and would follow three minutes later . Choi Duk-ha would die on the Sewol ferry . The crew , the ones trained to protect the passengers , issued a ship-wide announcement for passengers to remain in their cabins , instead of heading to the deck and the life rafts . The high school students , raised in that culture of obedience , overwhelmingly listened to that announcement . Survivors say the passengers who listened to that order were the ones who never made it off . The crew then abandoned ship , being some of the first rescued by the coast guard . Television news broadcast images fueling national outrage -- the captain jumping into a rescue boat as his young passengers remained trapped , wearing life vests that prevented them from swimming out of flooding rooms . Systemwide failure The Sewol ferry was first known as the Ferry Naminoue , built in Japan . It operated in Japan from 1994 to 2012 . The Chonghaejin Marine Co. purchased the ferry on October 2012 and refurbished it . Chonghaejin added extra passenger cabins on the third , fourth and fifth decks , raising passenger capacity and altering the weight and balance of the vessel . The ferry , renamed the Sewol , went through regulatory and safety checks , conducted by the Korean Register of Shipping . On its website , it lists its mission as "  protecting life and property . " The organization says it has the ability to inspect vessels in 65 nations , from Australia to Spain . The organization is private but works on behalf of the government . In the case of the Sewol , the Korean Register of Shipping conducted safety inspections , investigating its design and technology . The Sewol 's modifications passed inspection and began sailing with passengers last year , operating between Incheon and the resort island of Jeju . "  The modification was part of the reason for the  Sewol  accident , " believes Yutaka Watanabe , a marine science and technology professor at Tokyo University who has studied maritime accidents , including a similar ferry disaster in Japan in 2007 . "  They bought a used vessel from Japan and added lots of cabins , and these cabins were built on the top part of the ship . It shifted the center of gravity upward . " In the wake of the Sewol sinking , Mokpo prosecutors have raided the Chonghaejin Marine Co. and the Korean Register of Shipping . Prosecutors tell CNN while they will not have a conclusion on what caused the accident for months , they are focusing on the retrofit of the Sewol and the shifting and overloading of cargo . The prosecutor 's office also says the Mokpo Joint Investigation Force found serious safety failures on a sister ship , the Ohamana , also owned by the Chonghaejin Marine Co. . Investigators found of the life rafts on board the Ohamana , 40 did not work . The emergency slides also did not work . The Ohamana did not have any equipment to tie down cars being ferried on board . Shipping containers being transported did have equipment to tie them down , but it did not work very well . Korea 's Ministry of Ocean and Fisheries says the Ohamana ceased operations after the Sewol accident . The sense of failure to protect the passengers extends to the South Korean Coast Guard and its rescue of the passengers who did make it to the upper decks of the Sewol . Television images showed the coast guard pulling crew members to safety , while the ferry bobbed on its side . As Koreans look inward on this disaster , the sinking of the ferry is being viewed as an outrageous system failure , from the company that sought to increase passenger loads to the very government charged with protecting the passengers . "  It makes us wonder if we have to take charge of our own safety , " says Cynthia Yoo , assistant professor at Kyung Hee University . "  We ca n't take it for granted that there are proper government safeguards or proper inspections of safety requirements in place to protect us . I think the Sewol is a classic case of corruption or collusion between government agencies , associations and corporations . And it 's something that as a nation we must try to fix . " The funerals are well underway , the school pictures of teenagers and teachers being broadcast on television and the Web part of the nation 's mourning process . But there is another call beyond the cries of grief , an inward alarm to repair the flaws and prevent another disaster with such an immense loss . South Korean prime minister resigns over ferry disaster response South Koreans mourn teen hero who made first emergency call from ferry	Thousands pay their respects at a memorial in Ansan Even those without a connection to the disaster are heartbroken Yellow ribbons have become a symbol of mourning
CNN  -- If ever there was an appropriate prize for a hole in one , the organizers of the Portugal Masters certainly found it when fun-loving Spanish veteran Miguel Angel Jimenez struck it lucky on the eighth at the Oceanico Victoria Course on the Algarve . The Ryder Cup star 's seven iron approach to the 168-yard hole proved perfect -- and his reward ? -- 100 bottles of red wine to restock his cellar . The 49-year-old Jimenez is known for his trademark cigars and a love of the grape as well as his outstanding play and was immediately presented with a bottle from his considerable haul by sponsors , the cheekily named SEXY wines , after his round . Jimenez came close to extending his own record as the oldest European Tour winner when beaten in a playoff for the Dutch Open by home player Joost Luiten last month but has been off the pace in his latest event . One of the early morning starters in the final round , Jimenez eventually carded a one-under-par 70 for five under 279 , some way off the pace in the $ 2.71 million tournament . He has made a fine recovery from breaking his leg in a skiing accident last winter and currently lies 17th in the Race to Dubai standings with nearly a million dollars in prize money to his name . Jimenez 's early heroics proved the perfect backdrop for a battle royale for the honors in Portugal . Scott Jamieson , who shot a brilliant 60 in the third round , saw his chances disappear after a disappointing back nine , as did overnight leader Paul Waring . It left the way clear for England 's David Lynn to claim the title after an eight-under-par 63 left him one shot clear on 18-under 266 . South African Justin Walters was an emotional second just two weeks after his mother passed away , finishing with a lengthy birdie putt on the testing 18th to seal the runner-up spot .	Miguel Angel Jimenez claims hole in one at Portugal Masters Spanish veteran achieves feat with seven iron to 168-yard 8th Wins 100 bottles of red wine from the organizers David Lynn claims title after final round 63
CNN  -- I 've been a Mac user for about 11 years . And since I made the switch , I never thought the day would come when I 'd say this : I 'm excited for the next version of Windows . This fall , Microsoft will launch Windows 8 , a radical redesign from the Windows you 've grown accustomed to since Windows 95 made its debut 17 years ago . Windows 8 has been reimagined from the ground up , and it 's built to run on both the traditional desktop and touchscreen tablets . At first glance , you 'll notice the classic Start menu is gone , replaced by a gorgeous tile layout full of your favorite apps and files . Microsoft calls this the "  Metro " interface . Imagine it as a blown-up version of the Windows Phone 7 interface used on several smartphones now . Those little tiles provide live updates with news , sports , weather , Twitter mentions and Facebook updates without you even having to open the app . In one quick glance , you can get all the information you need . It 's not the same old Windows . And that 's what makes me so excited to try the final version of Windows 8 this fall . In a very un-Microsoft move , the company created the most radical redesign of the desktop in well over a decade . It 's incredibly functional , too . A beta version Windows 8 is available as a free consumer preview , and I 've been using it for the last few weeks . Right now , there are only a handful of prototype tablets that run Windows 8 , so I 've been using it on a laptop instead . However , since the Metro interface is designed more for touch than a mouse cursor , there 's a bit of a learning curve with Windows 8 . Scrolling through the Start screen can get confusing on a keyboard until you learn all the shortcuts . But once you do , the experience is incredible , unlike any operating system I 've ever used . It 's the perfect hybrid of old and new . While Apple attempts slowly to merge its mobile operating system into the desktop with new iPhone-like features , Microsoft made a bold move and jumped ahead to the future where most computing takes place on touch-friendly smartphones and tablets . It 's enough to make an Apple fan like me drool . But what if you 're worried you wo n't be able to catch on to the new look in Windows 8 ? The classic Windows is still there in Windows 8 . Microsoft hid it behind the Metro interface . That means you get the same old taskbar , Start menu and desktop full of icons for your favorite apps . It 's a great way to ease the transition . Plus , some apps such as Excel and Powerpoint just work better on the classic desktop . Of course , it 's far too early to tell if Microsoft 's gamble with Windows 8 will pay off . Consumers have been slow to adopt Windows Phones , and Windows 8 is essentially just a blown-up version of that . But if Microsoft can get me this pumped up over a new product , then it must be doing something right . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	This fall , Microsoft will launch Windows 8 , a radical redesign from the Windows of old The classic Start menu is gone , replaced by a tile layout full of your favorite apps and files In an un-Microsoft move , firm created the most radical desktop redesign in more than a decade
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Researchers in the United States are buoyed by the results of a study which has determined that a giant grass could help the country to meet its steep biofuel targets . Stephen Long amid Miscanthus stalks found to outperform other biofuel sources . After successful long-term trials in Europe , a three-year field study of Miscanthus x giganteus by the University of Illinois has revealed that it outperforms traditional biofuel sources , producing more than twice the ethanol per acre than corn or switchgrass , using a quarter of the space . Crop sciences professor and study leader Dr. Stephen Long told CNN that while there probably is n't one magic bullet to fix our climate woes , Miscanthus -- also known as elephant grass -- promises to be one of five or six options that could help the U.S. to reach its target of replacing 30 percent of gasoline use with biofuels by 2030 . "  I think it 's important in the biofuels debate that we do n't throw the baby out with the bath water . The idea we use the sun 's energy to grow plants and then make fuels from those plants is essentially a good one , " Dr. Long said . "  It 's been tainted by the fact that the easy way to do it is to just use food crops , but society needs to realize there are big opportunities beyond food crops and beyond the use of crop land . " Miscanthus , for instance , is able to grow on land too marginal for crop production , so it does n't have to compete with land for food crops . It also does n't require major input or fertilization after planting and once established will yield for around 15 years . Yet even with the success of these trials in the U.S. and the earlier European ones , it could be years before the full potential of Miscanthus is realized . This is due in part to the fact that it 's much more complex to make cellulosic ethanol -- ethanol made from non-food plants -- than it is to turn simple food starches found in corn or wheat into ethanol . In the United Kingdom , Miscanthus is recognized by the Department of Environment , Food and Rural Affairs as an energy crop and it 's currently being used to co-fire the Drax power station in England 's Yorkshire . Even still , Dr. Geraint Evans from the UK 's National Non-Food Crops Centre said rather than plants like Miscanthus , wheat grain will be used to meet the UK target of replacing five percent of fuel with renewable sources by 2010 . "  Miscanthus has the potential to be more efficient , producing between 4,000 and 7,000 liters of fuel per hectare , whereas ethanol made from wheat grain makes about 1900 liters per hectare . " "  Wheat grain-derived ethanol is what we can do today with the technology we have available today . The technology to use Miscanthus is not yet commercially available , " Dr. Evans told CNN . In addition to the technical hitch , Dr. Evans said a further downside is that even though Miscanthus is a low maintenance crop , it can be costly to plant compared to wheat or rapeseed canola and the first yield would n't occur for at least three years . In an effort to overcome some of the challenges , Dr. Long now intends to turn his attention to experimenting with the wild Miscanthus used in the U.S. trial . And if the sort of improvements made to corn in the last 50 years are any indication , Miscanthus could be well be used to fuel the future in a matter of years . Is Miscanthus the next big thing in biofuels ? Sound off below .	A U.S. study has revealed a giant grass outperforms other biofuel sources Miscanthus produces more than double the ethanol of corn per acre It 's already used to co-fire the Drax power station in north England The full potential of Miscanthus as a biofuel may take years to realize
"  Breaking Bad " is in blue heaven . The AMC series -- about a chemistry teacher-turned-drug lord who rides a powerful methamphetamine called "  Blue " to wealth and pain -- concluded its triumphant run last year as one of the most-lauded TV series of all time : the story of "  Mr. Chips turning into Scarface , " as creator Vince Gilligan liked to describe it . On Monday , the show received one more set of honors : a slew of nods at the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards , including the Emmy for outstanding drama series . The show won six Emmys total , second only to "  Sherlock : His Last Vow 's " seven among all programs . Quick read : Full list of winners There was some tough competition this year , notably from "  True Detective , " the moody HBO detective series starring Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson . Bryan Cranston won the lead actor Emmy for his performance as meth king Walter White , beating out the Oscar-winning McConaughey , who was the subject of laudatory and humorous remarks all night long . "  Even I thought about voting for Matthew , " joked Cranston , and then turned serious . "  My own family nicknamed me Sneaky Pete , " he said , noting he did n't expect he 'd find his niche . And then he found acting . He dedicated the Emmy to "  all the Sneaky Petes of the world . ... Take a chance , take a risk . It 's really worth it . " Cranston pulled off a rare double , winning a Tony and an Emmy in the same year .  He won the Tony in June for "  All the Way . "  Bob Fosse won three honors -- an Emmy , Tony and Oscar -- in 1973 . Aaron Paul got his third win for playing Jesse Pinkman , White 's sometimes undependable right hand . "  I 've learned so much , on screen and off , " he said to Cranston , sitting in the audience . And Anna Gunn won for outstanding supporting actress for her performance as White 's wife . She also won last year . Show writer Moira Walley-Beckett also won . "  Detective " was n't completely shut out . It won four technical awards at the Creative Arts Emmys on August 16 and another one on the telecast , the latter for director Cary Joji Fukunaga . Repeat performances "  Breaking Bad 's " win was n't its first ; it also won best drama last year . And many of Emmy 's other winners may have seemed equally familiar . "  Modern Family " won outstanding comedy series for the fifth straight year , despite stiff competition . In addition , the show 's Ty Burrell won outstanding supporting actor and Gail Mancuso won for directing . Backstage , Mancuso hoped her Emmy gave young girls a sign that there were jobs for them besides acting . "  Seeing a woman winning an Emmy is a wonderful image to project to young girls who think they can do something besides in front of the camera , " she said . Julianna Margulies won outstanding lead actress in a drama for her performance in "  The Good Wife . " She won in 2010 and has been nominated each year since . Jim Parsons won the Emmy for outstanding lead actor in a comedy . It 's his fourth win in the category , all for his performance in "  The Big Bang Theory . " Julia Louis-Dreyfus  "  Veep "  earned an Emmy for lead actress in a comedy , her second straight . In congratulations , Cranston -- a former "  Seinfeld ' co-star -- gave her a passionate kiss .  It was OK -- they checked with their spouses beforehand . "  He went for it . He goes for it in everything he does , " she said later . And "  The Amazing Race " won for reality competition , a return to the winner 's circle after losing to "  The Voice " last year . It 's now won 10 of the 12 Emmys given out in the category . Sneaky ` Sherlock ' However , the Emmys were n't entirely surprise-free . Despite 16 nominations , the HBO TV movie "  The Normal Heart " -- based on Larry Kramer 's 1985 play about the beginnings of the AIDS crisis -- won just two Emmys . It did win in the most important of its categories , that of outstanding TV movie . "  This is for all of the hundreds of thousands of artists who have passed from HIV/AIDS since 1981 , " said director Ryan Murphy . But it was "  Sherlock : His Last Vow " that took home many of the genre 's awards . Lead actor Benedict Cumberbatch , supporting actor Martin Freeman and writer Stephen Moffat all took home trophies , with Freeman beating out four performers from "  The Normal Heart . " "  Fargo " won two Emmys , including an award for outstanding miniseries , and "  American Horror Story : Coven " picked up two awards , for actresses Kathy Bates and Jessica Lange . Asked backstage if she had any other goals , Lange offered an unlikely objective : "  I want to win the Belmont Stakes , " she said . Williams : ` He made us laugh ' The "  In Memoriam " tribute was set to the music of "  Smile , " sung by Sara Bareilles . It concluded with Robin Williams . "  He made us laugh -- hard -- every time you saw him , " said Billy Crystal , telling stories about Williams ' quick wit in a broadcast booth and at a family gathering . "  It 's very hard to talk about him in the past because he was so present in all of our lives , " he said . Backstage , Kathy Bates remembered Williams ' good nature . One year at the Golden Globes , in a time before cell phones were commonplace , she was waiting at a pay phone to call her mother -- and did n't have change . It was Williams who gave her a quarter . Years later , he was presenting the Oscar for supporting actress , for which Bates was nominated . She did n't win that time . "  I won this time , and this is for you , " she said , getting choked up . Louis C.K. also reflected on Williams . "  I grew up watching him . He was somebody who worked so hard at it and was explosive with energy , " he said . "  He was a beacon when I was a kid . " The two became friendly later , with Williams telling Louis C.K. he was a fan of "  Louie . " "  He was a big influence on me as a person and comedically , " he said . Brisk hosting Host Seth Meyers kept things lively with some winning skits and a brisk monologue . He opened the show with pokes at the very timing of the Emmys itself . Noting that the awards show was on a Monday night in August -- so it did n't conflict with Sunday 's MTV Video Music Awards and an NFL game on Emmy network NBC -- the host noted that could only mean one thing : It 's "  about to get canceled . " "  Breaking Bad " never had to undergo that indignity . The show simply got better throughout its five-season run , gaining audience , gripping fans , leaving on its own terms . "  This is a wonderful icing on the cake , " said creator Gilligan . "  The cake itself , the substance , was getting to work with these wonderful people for six years . "  It 's going to be a tough one to top , that 's for sure . "	"  Breaking Bad " wins best drama ; stars also win "  Modern Family " wins best comedy series Jim Parsons of "  Big Bang " wins Emmy for fourth time "  American Horror Story , " "  Sherlock " take home multiple awards
North Miami Beach , Florida  CNN  -- Criminals across the country are raking in billions of dollars in tax refunds through a new and brazen form of fraud that takes advantage of the IRS 's fast online returns , law enforcement officials say . Using laptops and free Wi-Fi connections , criminals are stealing identities and using the names of legitimate taxpayers to file fraudulent online tax returns . They 've raked in billions , buying luxury cars , expensive jewelry and plastic surgery , police said . "  It 's like the federal government is putting crack cocaine in candy machines , " said Detective Craig Catlin of the North Miami Beach , Florida , Police Department . "  It 's that easy . " First , thieves obtain Social Security numbers and other personal information from insiders at hospitals , doctor 's offices , car dealerships or anywhere the information is stored . Then , they file an online tax return using the real taxpayer 's name and a fictitious income . In most cases , the criminals buy a debit card so the IRS can issue the refund on that card , although some thieves have also gotten their returns on actual Treasury checks . The thieves know that the IRS does not verify the employer W-2s sent with the return until after the refund is issued . It is a particular problem in the state of Florida , according to law enforcement officials . "  We ca n't go ... two days in a row without making a traffic stop , and there 's going to be tax return fraud in the car , " Catlin said . "  We could stop an 18-year-old kid who 's got five  debit  cards . The average is $ 5,000 per card . So they 'll have $ 25,000 , which is really cash , even though it 's on debit cards . " And it 's not just small-time criminals , he said . "  We have other cases that range up to $ 100 million where subjects have opened up corporations and bank accounts and business accounts , " Catlin said . "  And they 're receiving millions of dollars from the IRS that are all fraudulent . " Prisoners ' tax refund scam nets millions from IRS Last year , North Miami Beach police arrested the leader of the "  Money Avenue " gang that they say specializes in tax return fraud . When police searched his home , they found about $ 250,000 in debit cards "  just sitting on the dining room table for that week 's worth of work , " Catlin said . "  And inside his closet , there were nine to 10 spiral notebooks , ledgers of names , Social Security numbers , and dates of birth and the dollar amounts of returns that they 've done on 3,000 victims , " he added . It 's a crime that has replaced drug dealing in many neighborhoods . "  They 're sitting on a computer or iPad ; they 're doing a return with a stolen identity where they do n't have to rob anybody or stick a gun in anybody 's face or run through the streets from police , " Catlin said . Although tax refund fraud has been around for decades , North Miami 's interim police Chief Larry Gomer said the speedy returns and the option of having your refund issued on a debit card are making it easier for criminals to pull off the fraud . "  I think  the IRS 's  intentions might have been good in trying to speed returns to members of the community , but I think the problem is , they have set up a system that is too easy to abuse , " Gomer said . He suggested that the IRS slow its processing of tax returns . "  Right now , when someone becomes a victim of income tax fraud and they catch it , it could take up to a year for them to get their return , " Gomer said . "  But the way that the IRS is running the system right now , somebody can make a fraudulent return ,  and  they are mailing out a check to them in two weeks without checking the information on the return . " In Florida , where identity theft is rampant , the cities of North Miami Beach and Tampa have been particularly hard hit by the fraud . Police estimate that in the past two years , criminals in Tampa have cashed in on $ 450 million in fraudulent tax return money . Even police who are fully aware of the scam have become targets themselves , including four North Miami Beach Police Department detectives who specialize in combating tax refund fraud and officers in other South Florida police departments . Police in Tampa discovered "  a written tutorial that tells you step by step how to commit this type of crime , " according to the city 's police chief , Jane Castor . "  Throughout those written pages , it says how simple it is to do it , " she said . "  We 've also heard from people on the street that it 's about a five-minute street-corner lesson . " In fact , a police informant who teaches friends how to commit the fraud said anyone could learn it . "  It 's like friends get together , and everybody brings their laptops , and we all work together , " the informant said . "  Some people I know get up at like 8 in the morning and do n't finish until 8 at night . " Law enforcement officials said that if the IRS stopped allowing the use of debit cards , that would curtail a majority of the fraud . "  The debit cards are a huge problem , " Castor said . "  Plus ... the  IRS 's  focus , from my understanding , is getting these tax returns out quickly ... so instead of focusing on getting those out quickly ,  the IRS should  put more of a focus on the fraudulent aspect of it . " Deputy IRS Commissioner Beth Tucker pointed out that the debit cards are widely used by legitimate taxpayers who may not have a bank account . "  One hundred and forty million folks are filing their returns every year . Not every taxpayer has a bank account , and so the debit cards that are issued by a third-party provider are a legitimate way for taxpayers to get their refund , " she said . Last year , the IRS reported 938,664 fraudulent returns related to identity theft , totaling $ 6.5 billion , Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration J. Russell George told a House subcommittee this month . Treasury officials say that was money identified by the IRS as fraudulent but not actually issued . The IRS could not provide an estimate of how much fraudulent refund money it has issued . "  Any dollar that goes out of our tax system related to refund fraud is a dollar too much , " Tucker said . "  We have noticed that there are more folks attempting identity theft . We 're in the middle of filing season , and we should be able to have a better assessment of exactly what the dollar amount could potentially be . " Last year , the IRS identified at least 582,000 taxpayers who were the victims of identity theft , which is more than double the amount from only three years prior . In testimony before Congress last year , National Taxpayer Advocate Nina Olson said the IRS has implemented a number of filters to catch the fraud , including an electronic marker to mark accounts of verified identity theft victims , an IRS identity theft affidavit form and a standardized list of acceptable documents to substantiate identity theft . Tucker said the IRS filters are "  in place from the start of the filing season " and are "  part of our prevention and detection . " She also said the IRS has trained 40,000 employees across the country in the past three months to deal with identity theft . Also , the IRS last year began issuing an Identity Protection Personal Identification Number to victims of identity theft when filing their future returns . But the filters , according to Olson 's annual report to Congress , "  inevitably block large numbers of proper refund claims " since there "  is no easy way to distinguish proper claims from improper ones . " Tax refund fraud by identity theft will be the subject of Tuesday 's hearing before the Senate Subcommittee on Fiscal Responsibility and Economic Growth . It is the third hearing on the issue since last year . Tampa officials have expressed concern that the IRS is not doing enough to combat the situation , which Castor said is one of the worst cases of fraud she has seen in her career . "  In my 28 years of law enforcement , I do n't think that I have ever seen this magnitude of fraud that is just wide open , " the police chief said . "  It 's wide open and there just does n't seem to be much being done about it . " Tampa Mayor Bob Buckhorn said he 's angry that the IRS has not done more to help the city combat the fraud . "  As far as I 'm concerned , they 're missing in action , " Buckhorn said . "  They have not been helpful ; they have not been a player ; they have not taken responsibility for their side of the enforcement . If anything , you know , we 've been banging our heads against their door asking for help and getting nothing in response . The silence has been deafening . " Tucker disagreed with the mayor , noting that the IRS has "  significantly increased the amount of resources we 've devoted to identity theft , a heinous crime . " A week after CNN 's March 6 interview with Tucker , the IRS sent a team of officials to meet with police officials in North Miami Beach and Tampa . Buckhorn said the problem in Tampa is "  just the tip of the iceberg " and offered this warning to the mayors of other U.S. cities : "  Go back and ask the IRS in  your  jurisdiction , ` What are you doing ? Is this a problem in my jurisdiction ? ' Because I guarantee you it is , " Buckhorn said . "  You may not know it , but it is . " CNN 's Marcus Hooper contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Thieves are stealing identities to get fast online refunds In Tampa , criminals have netted $ 450 million in fraudulent tax return money , police say The IRS says it has trained 40,000 employees on identity theft to deal with the problem
CNN  -- Chinese state media is proclaiming the Xinjiang bomb blast "  case closed " after authorities claimed to have identified the suspected assailants . Two "  religious extremists " have been pinpointed as the alleged assailants behind the bombing and knife attacks that took place at Urumqi South Railway Station on Wednesday , reports Xinhua , China 's state news agency . Both suspects were killed in the incident . One of them has been identified as Sedirdin Sawut , a 39-year-old man from Aksu in southern Xinjiang . Xinhua , quoting police , also said "  knife-wielding mobs " attacked people at one of the station 's exits following the blast . One innocent bystander was also killed in the blast and 79 were injured . Xinhua says some of the injured victims have been released from hospital . Police evacuated people from the square in front of the station , deployed armed officers and cordoned off entrances to the station , where train services had been suspended . The station reopened about two hours later with passengers re-entering under a heavily-armed police presence . The attacks took place on Wednesday evening , coinciding with the end of a four-day tour of the Xinjiang region by Chinese President Xi Jinping . After the blast , President Xi urged "  decisive actions " against violent terrorist attacks . The fight against separatist violence in the autonomous region in the northwest of the country was a focus of the Chinese leader 's visit . Frequent outbreaks of violence have beset the resource-rich region , where the arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the past few decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group . In March a violent terror attack took place at a train station Kunming in Yunnan province when ten men armed with knives killed 29 commuters .	Chinese media blame two religious extremists for Xinjiang blast and stabbings The explosion happened at an exit to a train station in Urumqi in China 's restive northwest There have been tensions between Uyghurs and Han Chinese in Xinjiang
CNN  -- Airstrikes against ISIS militants are a "  psychological operation , " not a military one , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an interview that aired Friday . "  It is a common threat for all of us , " he said . "  And this requires a unison effort from all of us . " "  We need a vast campaign of operations ... the aerial bombardment campaign is mostly , I would say , a form of theater , rather than a serious battle against terrorism . " Iran and the United States have found their foreign policies surprisingly aligned in the past several months , as both try to beat back the advance of the Sunni extremists that have gained a foothold in Iraq and war-torn Syria . While the United States has limited itself thus far to airstrikes in those two countries , Iran has sent Revolutionary Guard units into Iraq ; the head of the Revolutionary Guard 's Quds Force , Qassem Suleimani , has even been photographed on the ground in Iraq . Five Gulf countries , traditional adversaries of Shiite Iran , joined with the United States in a rare coalition to strike ISIS in Syria . However , Rouhani said he 'd like to distance himself "  from the word ` coalition ' because some countries have n't come together under the umbrella of this coalition . " The question of Syria Many of the countries participating in the coalition have long pushed for the ouster of Syrian strongman Bashar al-Assad , as the Emir of Qatar told Amanpour on Thursday in his first-ever interview . Iran , on the other hand , is al-Assad 's most fervent backer ; most military analysts agree that the regime would have fallen long ago were it not for Iran 's 2012 intervention in the conflict . "  How do you feel , " Amanpour asked Rouhani , "  as the president of Iran , as the main military backer of a regime , the Assad regime , that the United Nations has said has killed 200,000 of its own people -- tortured people , executed people . Why does Iran want to be associated with that kind of genocidal barbarism ? " "  The army of that country was carrying out a battle against the terrorists , " Rouhani replied . "  They kept saying that these are opposition members and we will keep asking who are these opposition members who have preferred to take up arms so swiftly and so savagely and violent , reasons rather than resorting to talks and negotiations ? " Amanpour countered that "  it all started when  the Syrian people  wanted a little bit of reform and the government of that nation responded in a way that the United Nations now says has caused the death of 200,000 civilians . " "  If the army of the Syrian people , the Syrian government , had not stood up and fought against terrorism , " Rouhani said , "  who do you think would have been the victor today ? Let 's assume no one would have rendered assistance . The victor would have been the same people that everyone is recognizing as terrorists today . " ` Justice will be employed ' Amanpour also asked the Iranian leader about the detainment this summer of a high-profile journalist for the Washington Post , Jason Rezaian , and his wife , Yeganeh Salehi . Would Rouhani , as a gesture of goodwill , release them from custody , along with several others who have been detained , including an English-Iranian woman , Ghoncheh Ghavami , and the American Amir Hekmati , Amanpour asked . "  We never wish for any individuals , Iranian or non-Iranians , be it in Iran or in other countries , to be imprisoned or detained or be put on trial , " he said . "  If they do go to trial , the trial will be fairly executed for them to have access to every legal defense allowed under the law , proper defensive representation through qualified attorneys , and we do hope that their families can gain the certainty that fairness and justice will be employed towards the cases and case files of their loved ones . " The President also noted that Iran does not recognize dual citizenship , so anyone with an Iranian passport is considered Iranian only by the government . "  I do not believe that an individual would be detained or put in prison for being a journalist . An individual can be a reporter , a journalist , and have committed a crime . But that crime is not necessarily always related to their profession , to the profession that they 're practicing . " "  My personal opinion is , and I 've announced it several times when I 've spoken on different occasions , we believe that the general behavior towards reporters and journalists and those who carry the heavy weight of informing our citizenry , must be quite flexible . " "  The truth of the matter is that I can not have the time nor the inclination nor access to every single case file . But what I must ... be assured of as the chief executive of my branch is that the constitution and the laws and the civil rights are being respected to the letter . " Nuclear negotiations Iran continues to be part of intense negotiations with the United States , Britain , France , Russia , China and Germany over its nuclear program . In an effort to reach a permanent deal that would trade nuclear guarantees for the reduction of sanctions , world powers agreed earlier this year to extend the interim agreement that provided the framework for negotiations . That interim deal , Rouhani said , is "  concrete proof that talks and negotiations succeed . " "  We must all accept that there is only one way and that 's the way of dialogue and talks and negotiations , " he told Amanpour . "  This means that sanctions are an inappropriate tool . That means that threats are the wrong path . " Both Iran and its negotiating partners are discussing the issues with the "  utmost seriousness , " he said . "  There are still differences of opinion . Some of these differences of opinion can be quite significant . But at the end of the day , we must all strive to find a solution and resolve this . " Right now there 's a November deadline to reach a permanent solution , after which the temporary sanctions relief and enrichment freezes would be lifted . Rouhani said that for now , Iran is only thinking about reaching that deal , not about another extension . Even if a deal is agreed upon , various legislative bodies -- most importantly the U.S. Congress -- would still have to approve the lifting of sanctions . Amanpour asked whether it had been fully made clear to him how difficult that process could be . "  That 's their own business , quite frankly , " the President said . "  I do think that if the agreement is reached , it can immediately cease and melt away -- take away these sanctions . " ` Our people realize ... we have taken steps forward ' Rouhani , through his office , is a prolific user of Twitter . But the platform remains off-limits to most Iranians , who must use technical workarounds to access the service . In an interview with Amanpour last year , Rouhani said that all of his efforts were "  geared to ensure that the people of Iran will comfortably be able to access all information globally and to use it . " As the Iranian President spoke at the U.N. General Assembly in New York , the CEO of Twitter , Dick Costello , sent out a tweet . "  Mr. President , enjoying your Tweets from the UN , " Costello wrote . "  We would love the Iranian people to enjoy them as well . When will that be ? " Amanpour asked Rouhani for his reaction . "  It is correct we have not yet reached a point in which we feel completely comfortable in what our people intended during the elections and voted for . " "  But our people realize that we have taken steps forward . And our people are fully aware that in such matters , we must have a coordination with other branches of the government -- with the judiciary , with the parliament , with the legislatures " -- a seeming reference to the fact that others in the Iranian government may not be as keen to open up the Internet as he is . "  What is important to keep in mind is that we 've had sustainable movement forward throughout the past 12-plus months . "	Iran has sent Revolutionary Guards to Iraq to fight against ISIS President Hassan Rouhani insists Syria 's government has battled terrorists He says Washington Post journalist detained in Iran and others will have fair trials
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Raymond Thomas is a jolly man who laughs easily and likes to say "  Forget it " a lot . He 'd like to forget the devastation wrought at the Port-au-Prince harbor where his fleet of trucks used to pick up cargo . Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake sent a quarter-mile pier crumbling into the sea along with two of his trucks . The few workers who went into the water swam to safety , Thomas said , but the port remains shut down , and desperately needed aid can not be unloaded quickly . "  Now we 're just starving to death , " he said , worried that the airport and smaller harbors can not handle the necessary volume of relief supplies . "  That was the whole country right there , " he added , pointing at two toppled cranes on the remains of the pier that stand out against the clear-blue sky . Thomas owns Raymond and Sons Trucking , a fleet of 35 trucks that haul cargo from the port . The company employed about 50 employees , all of them now out of work . "  I 'm out , " Thomas said . The port wo n't be back for a while . Roads have been split apart and buckled , fences have fallen over . "  Oh , forget it , " Thomas said . "  Forget it . It might take a year to rebuild it . Forget it . " Yet he feels fortunate because although his home was destroyed and his business is shattered , no one in his family died in the quake . Asked what happened , he demurs with a hearty laugh . "  Forget it , " he says . "  I do n't want to talk about it . " He then relents , calling his family 's survival "  a miracle . " His wife was outside their house and he was driving home in his red 1995 Honda CRV sport utility vehicle . "  I felt like the whole car was going to take off like an airplane , " he said , laughing . He was n't wearing a seat belt , he admits . "  This is Haiti . In Miami , I wear a seat belt . " Another laugh . Thomas ' 40-year-old daughter , Marjorie , and her 15-month-old son had just left earlier that afternoon to return to her home in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . Asked if it was a miracle that she missed the quake by such a short time , he laughs again , saying , "  You bet your sweet heart . " On Friday , he was wearing a bullet-proof vest after someone tried to rob him the day before . Someone wanted to take his cell phone he said , and the port is near the roughest part of town . For now , Thomas and his wife are sleeping in a tent . And for now , also , his mind is on the port . He 's not alone . Tug boat owner Roger Rouzier also seem a dim future without the port . "  We can not receive the help by plane , " Rouzier said Friday . "  We need to receive help by boat . " Rouzier estimates that before the earthquake , more than 70 ships each unloaded about 8,000 tons of material every month . "  I personally unload three or four a day , " he said . "  The whole country depends on this port . If we 're going to save people , we have to do it by boat . " Without the port , Thomas sees serious consequences for Haiti , one of the poorest nations on Earth . "  We 'll starve to death , that 's all , " he said . "  We 'll just starve to death . " And it wo n't take long for trouble to reach the streets , he said . Especially since many of the nation 's criminals escaped when Port-au-Prince 's prison collapsed in the quake . "  Very soon we 're going to have a riot , " Thomas said , this time not laughing . How soon ? "  I do n't give you a week , " he said . No laugh there either .	Tuesday 's 7.0 earthquake severely damaged Port-au-Prince 's harbor Workers say sea shipments are vital for Haitians ' survival Without the port , "  We 'll just starve to death , " trucker warns
OPRAH.com  -- What do Pinocchio , Richard Nixon , and an "  O , The Oprah Magazine " very inventive columnist all have in common ? Every now and then , when the situation calls for it , they 've been known to bend , sculpt , or otherwise contort the facts to their liking . Hey , if it saves Bambi 's mother ... The story goes that , as a child , George Washington chopped down the backyard cherry tree and then admitted the whole sordid affair to his beloved father : "  I can not tell a lie , " he is said to have said . "  It was I who chopped down your cherry tree . " This leads me to a couple of thoughts : First , what were the Washingtons thinking ? Color me cautious , but I 've never been a big believer in allowing children direct access to an ax . Ditto hatchets , swords , tomahawks , muskets , and Barbie . Second , I can not tell a lie ; had I been in that very same situation , there 's no doubt in my mind that I 'd have looked my beloved father straight in the eye and told a lie . And that , my friends , along with the wooden teeth and powdered wig , is what separates me from our first president . I could tell you I believe it is imperative that we be absolutely meticulous with the truth 100 percent of the time , but the truth is -- I 'd be lying . You see , I live in New York City , where manhole covers explode and construction cranes crash from the sky and people slip through the space between the subway platform and the train , and you feel almost giddy with relief on those days when you manage to make it home in one piece . The bottom line is this : Life is short , time is precious , and I do n't want to spend Saturday night watching my friend , the would-be actress , do a walk-on in "  Tartuffe . " It 's not that I do n't love my friend , and it 's not that I do n't love "  Tartuffe "  okay , that 's a lie , nobody actually loves "  Tartuffe "  . It 's just that I reserve Saturday night for slathering my reptilelike feet in Vaseline Intensive Care as my daughter shampoos her Polly Pocket doll in the toilet . But try explaining that to a friend who has just spent $ 200 on a brocade bustle and is flying her parents in from Wisconsin for her off-off-off-Broadway debut . My choices ? Well , I can sit through "  Tartuffe " with a lovely couple from Racine and a running time of two hours and 46 minutes that I 'll never get back . I can pray that one of my undermoisturized feet will suddenly fossilize so that I can use it to knock myself unconscious . Or I can say , "  Darn the luck , that 's the night I have to ... " Fill in fiendishly fabricated excuse here . And , yes , I know , this makes me sound kind of awful , but I ask that you refrain from judging me until you 've endured an evening of musical theater based on the early years of Joseph Goebbels , courtesy of this same friend . Honesty is a delightful policy , but I 'm here to tell you that without at least a few lies , Thanksgiving with the family would be a thing of the past , first dates would end faster than you can dismiss your biological clock with a jaunty "  Que sera , sera ... , " every political figure who intentionally linked Iraq with Osama bin Laden would be forced to resign in disgrace , and any number of plastic surgeons throughout the greater Los Angeles area would end their lives in the gutter holding large cardboard signs that read WILL BOTOX FOR FOOD . Ask any man in a healthy relationship , and he will tell you that when his wife comes home with a horrific haircut , it 's a mistake for him to start feverishly skimming the Yellow Pages for an attorney while muttering , "  I think we 've got a lawsuit here . The bastard who did this to you will never trim bangs in this town again ! " Oprah.com : How you  yes , you !  should live your life No , he must greet her with the simple phrase that Johannes  boyfriend extraordinaire , father of the aforementioned shampoo girl  uses to chill me out whenever I despair . He will look up from whatever he 's doing , pause , tilt his head , then casually ask : "  Are you losing weight ? " Couplehood : A brief one act Lisa : Plastic is destroying the earth ! Johannes : Are you losing weight ? L : The creepy guy who hangs out on Lexington Avenue followed me into Dunkin' Donuts to announce that I remind him of a young Kim Jong-il ! J : Are you losing weight ? L : I 've put on three pounds since breakfast ! J : Are you losing weight ? What can I say ? He 's lying , I know he 's lying and yet it works for us . I am also a firm believer in lying to chatty cabdrivers  "  Sir , I have the kind of menstrual cramps that could turn a lesser woman homicidal , so you need to trust me when I tell you that it 's beyond crucial for us to travel in complete silence "  , my dental hygienist  "  Of course I floss . Flossing is my life "  , and my 5-year-old  "  Bambi 's mother is alive and well . She has merely relocated to a breathtaking piece of beachfront property off the coast of Hawaii with her hunky new boyfriend , Raoul , who is both incredibly wealthy and deeply sensitive to her every need "  . Oprah.com : What makes a relationship work To this day , Julia believes that Toys "  R " Us is only open when my parents visit Manhattan ; the shelves are stocked as Grandma and Grandpa 's plane touches down and the doors to the store lock as soon as they head back to Detroit . Here is the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth : My name is Lisa , and I am a liar , though a good marketing consultant could probably finesse the word into something a bit more palatable : "  Reality Stylist " might be good , or "  Pinocchiotologist " could work . My mother insists that , at the end of the day , what I am is a storyteller -- and she might have a point . Joan Didion says that "  we tell ourselves stories in order to live . " I think that 's right . Forget what I tell cabdrivers for sport or dental hygienists for spin control or "  Bambi " readers for peace of mind . It 's the lies we tell ourselves that determine the particular arc of our stories . I tell myself that it 's never too late to master Italian and piecrust , that one day I 'll appreciate Clay Aiken and understand calculus . I tell myself that I 'll be able to guarantee my daughter a life of joy and confidence and financial security in a universe that 's just and safe and green . To be honest , I have my doubts . Perhaps I was born predisposed to pessimism or maybe I 've witnessed too much pain , but my mind is forever taking me to the dark side and I am afraid of the dark . So I sugarcoat and I gloss over , and I rationalize and , yes , I sometimes fictionalize my little story . I tell rose-colored lies because Wellbutrin only takes a girl so far , because I want with all my heart to believe in something just a bit sweeter than what I see on the 6 o'clock news . And because , to tell you the truth , I 've always been a sucker for a happy ending -- even if it means my pants catch fire . By Lisa Kogan from "  O , The Oprah Magazine , " August 2008 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	A few lies can go a long way to smoothing the road of life , columnist says Writer confesses to being a "  Reality Stylist " or "  Pinocchiotologist " Husband asks "  Are you losing weight ? " anytime she needs to calm down Daughter believes Toys "  R " Us is only open when grandparents come
CNN  -- Computer hackers supporting WikiLeaks shifted targets Thursday from Amazon to PayPal , they said , as Dutch authorities announced an arrest in connection with hacker attacks on the websites of MasterCard and Visa . The Dutch High Tech Crimes unit arrested a 16-year-old in The Hague , Netherlands , with prosecutors saying he confessed to attacks on the websites . "  He is probably part of a larger group of hackers , who are under continued investigation , " they said . The teen is due in court Friday in Rotterdam . Separately , a group of hackers calling themselves Anonymous Operations said they would attack PayPal , not Amazon.com , about an hour after an attack on Amazon was due to start . "  We can not attack Amazon , currently . The previous schedule was to do so , but we do n't have enough forces , " they said on Twitter . Anonymous Operations released a do-it-yourself hacking tool earlier Thursday so supporters could make their own computers part of the attack . The Amazon.com attack was supposed to have started at about 11 a.m. ET . So far , PayPal appears to be operating normally . The site has been attacked , which has slowed it down but has "  not significantly impacted payments , " PayPayl 's Anuj Nayar told CNN . Amazon.com has massive server capacity -- much more than that of Mastercard or Visa -- in order to handle the holiday e-commerce rush . Its server infrastructure ensures that a massive traffic spike ca n't take site down , whether it comes from a hacker-led attack or genuine shoppers . Anonymous Operations released the hacking tool on Twitter and called for followers to translate it into other languages . Hackers have been targeting websites of organizations they see as hostile to WikiLeaks and its Editor-in-Chief Julian Assange , who was arrested in London this week on allegations unconnected to the website 's publication of secret documents . Amazon used to host WikiLeaks ' website in the United States , but shut it down last week , saying it had violated their terms of service by publishing material it did not own and which could cause harm . PayPal stopped handling donations to WikiLeaks last week . The United Nations Commissioner for Human Rights said Thursday that pressure on websites to cut off WikiLeaks could violate the site 's right to freedom of expression . "  I 'm concerned about reports of pressure exerted on private companies , including banks , credit card companies , to close down credit lines for donations to WikiLeaks as well as to stop hosting the website or its mirror sites , " Navi Pillay said in Geneva , Switzerland "  They could be interpreted as an attempt to censor the publication of information , " she said at a press conference . "  If WikiLeaks has committed any recognizable illegal acts , then this should be handled through the legal system and not through pressure and intimidation including on third parties . " Anonymous Operations members told CNN Thursday their goal was "  freedom of information . Any and all information . " They were originally focused on piracy , but shifted their attention to WikiLeaks because it was "  obvious we had to help . " "  While their methods may be controversial , they do demand transparency , which is something we definitely support , " they said , adding that once they feel they have made their point about WikiLeaks , they will go back to fighting for "  unlimited freedom of expression . " They spoke to CNN Correspondent Atika Shubert in an online chat after being contacted through Twitter . WikiLeaks said Thursday it was not associated with Anonymous Operations and neither supported nor condemned their actions . "  This group is not affiliated with WikiLeaks . There has been no contact between any WikiLeaks staffer and anyone at Anonymous . WikiLeaks has not received any prior notice of any of Anonymous ' actions , " it said on its website . "  We neither condemn nor applaud these attacks . We believe they are a reflection of public opinion on the actions of the targets , " WikiLeaks spokesman Kristinn Hrafnsson said . The hackers have been attacking sites with a relatively simple tool called a low orbit ion cannon  LOIC  . Users who put it on their computer are allowing Anonymous Operations to use the machine to launch attacks on a chosen target , computer security expert Mikko Hypponen told CNN . He has n't seen any obvious code in the tool that would allow Anonymous Operations to use people 's computers for other purposes , he said . Because people cut and paste the code off a website , rather than downloading it , there 's no way to tell how many people have put the tool on their computers . One person who put the hacking tool on his computer told CNN it was the arrest of Assange that "  sparked this global movement . "  If he was not arrested , I doubt that the movement would have grown to its current unstoppable size , " said the computer user , who refused to give his name but said he was not a hacker . The website of the lawyer representing the women who accuse Assange of sex attacks in Sweden went down on Thursday , said the office of the lawyer , Claes Borgstrom . The Swedish Prosecution Authority 's website was down earlier in the week . Anonymous Operations told CNN it had carried out that attack . The Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet reported that government 's website also went down for a few hours , but the government refused to comment , saying it did not discuss security matters . And a website has been set up in the name of Swedish Justice Minister Beatrice Ask -- but it automatically redirects users to WikiLeaks . WikiLeaks founder Assange is being held in a London jail as the British courts decide whether to extradite him to Sweden to face questioning . He has not been charged with a crime . CNN 's Francesca Church , Nicola Hughes , David DeSola , Richard Allen Greene , Per Nyberg , Robyn Turner , Julianne Pepitone and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights blasts pressure on websites A Dutch teen is arrested over hacking attacks on MasterCard and Visa A hackers ' collective says it does n't have enough forces to target Amazon.com WikiLeaks denies any connection with the hackers and wo n't support or condemn them
CNN  -- Eliot Spitzer has every reason in the world not to want to talk about it . But talk he does in the new documentary , "  Client No. 9 : The Rise and Fall of Eliot Spitzer " opening Friday in limited release . The film is directed by Alex Gibney , whose work has included acclaimed documentaries "  Enron : The Smartest Guys in the Room " and "  Taxi to the Dark Side . " "  Client 9 " traces the prostitution scandal that ended Spitzer 's term as governor of New York in 2008 . Gibney interviews several of the people who became adversaries of Spitzer in the wake of his attempts to reform both Wall Street and Albany as well as one of the women Spitzer allegedly saw on multiple occasions . Spitzer recently spoke with CNN about why he participated in the film , his thoughts on the theory that there was a conspiracy to topple him from power and what he has learned in the wake of the scandal . CNN : Let 's start with the obvious question of why did you agree to participate in the documentary ? Spitzer : I thought it would help with getting the facts out and I thought that -LSB- Gibney -RSB- was interested in doing a straightforward recitation of facts and I thought that I could lend insight . CNN : Did you have any hesitation at all about dredging the whole thing up again ? Spitzer : If you begin with the premise that he was making the movie , it just seemed to me to make more sense to participate and present the facts as I saw them . CNN : What did you think of the film ? Spitzer : I 'm neither a film critic nor in this case the best person to pass judgment , but I thought it was a fair story . CNN : I 'm sure you would rather move on in your life , but what is it like to watch this situation play out again on the big screen and know that filmgoers will do the same ? Spitzer : Look , you go on with your life and you learn to do what you are interested in and focus on what you are doing . You realize that other things will be going on but they are not the things I am focusing on . CNN : The film , or at least the trailer , makes it appear that there was this whole conspiracy -LSB- by Wall Street titans -RSB- to bring you down . What are your thoughts about that ? Spitzer : What I 've said throughout this is that I resigned because I thought it was the appropriate step to take in the context of what I had done , whether there were other things going on or what others were focused on . CNN : How were you approached about being in the film ? Spitzer : Honestly , I ca n't remember . I presume I got an e-mail or a phone call . I 'm sure Alex knows somebody I know and someone said , "  Hey they are doing a documentary on your life and is n't that a nice thing to hear ? " One way or another I ended up on the phone with Alex and we chatted . I think there were several conversations that finally resulted in agreeing to sit down with him . He 's someone whose resume speaks for itself . He 's someone who makes serious movies and does n't dabble in the world of the scurrilous and shadows . He makes serious movies and he 's won some serious awards . CNN : Did you have any rules going in about things you would n't discuss ? Spitzer : I do n't recall that there were any ground rules . CNN : How does it feel to be "  infamous " ? Spitzer : Oh , I do n't know . I think I 'm many different things to many different people . CNN : Why did you want to be a part of your CNN show "  Parker Spitzer ? " Spitzer : It is great fun . It 's informative . It is an effort to bring a smart debate and conversation to the air every night at 8 o'clock rather than a linear , sort of ideologically driven presentation that other networks have and I say that with a great deal of respect for what they put on the air and admiration for how they do it . But this is an effort to give the viewer both sides of the debate . CNN : Now that the scandal is over , you 've moved on and you have a new show , what do you feel like you have learned ? Spitzer : Life is peaks and valleys . I think we all are aware of that and it 's better to be at a peak , but often you learn more in the valley . You go forward trying to do what you care about and taking care of the people you care about . It 's not very complicated . CNN : You say it 's not very complicated , but from the outside looking in it seems a bit complicated . Spitzer : The principles are easily stated . It 's more complicated to live them in life , but to state the principles is n't that complicated . CNN : What do you hope people take away from this film ? Spitzer : Certainly I hope they appreciate that when I was in government we did what mattered for the public on views that seemed important then , but I think have become even more important , and the sense that we fought awfully hard for the public both as attorney general and governor and focused on what was important . I saw the rough cut and what they showed at the film festivals . I do n't know how much it differs from the final version , but I think some of that certainly came through in the movie and I hope -LSB- viewers -RSB- do take that away with them .	Eliot Spitzer agreed to participate in "  Client No. 9 : The Rise and Fall of Eliot Spitzer " There were no rules going in regarding topics off limits , he says Spitzer says he believes the documentary is a "  fair story "
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Help trickled in Thursday to remote islands where whole villages were flattened by a earthquake and tsunami in western Indonesia . At least 343 people died and another 340 were missing after the magnitude 7.7 earthquake Monday , according to Indonesia 's National Disaster Agency . Meanwhile , nature continued to shows its force , with hot clouds and ash spewing from a Java volcano that erupted and killed more than 30 residents . A magnitude 5.3 earthquake rumbled in Maluku province to the east . There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage there . The delivery of aid to the devastated islands near Sumatra is a logistics challenge . An assessment team from the nonprofit group SurfAid International began surveying villages on the islands of North Pagai and South Pagai , the group said Thursday . The nonprofit is one of the few to have reached the remote disaster zone . The trip takes at least 10 hours in good conditions , according to aid agencies . The hard-hit Mentawai Islands region is among Indonesia 's myriad islands . "  The village of Sabeugungung has been completely wiped out , with 50 dead and 150 missing presumed dead . Sikakap hospital is overflowing with over 200 people seeking assistance , " SurfAid said in a blog post . Ten villagers in Bosua had been killed , another was missing , and 78 houses had been destroyed , the nonprofit said . Late Wednesday , SurfAid sent 1,000 shelter kits , 500 building kits and 500 hygiene kits to victims by charter boat . Another charter boat had delivered an initial batch of supplies , including blankets , tarps and water containers , and more aid shipments were planned , SurfAid said . The group was trying to work with government officials to establish an information and coordination hub for all non-governmental organizations , spokeswoman Jossi Syahrial said . The Indonesian Red Cross also had sent at least two aid teams to the disaster zone . One aid shipment included about 400 body bags . Urgent needs are expected to include clean water , food , blankets , clothing , medical attention , emergency shelter and hygiene kits , said Ita Balanda , a program manager for the World Vision aid organization in Padang , Indonesia . An estimated 7,900 households were affected , she said . "  The worst hit area is North and South Pagai Island . Reports of villages flattened are coming from there , " said Antorizon of the West Sumatra disaster management agency , who like many Indonesians goes by one name . The first pictures from North Pagai Island showed damaged and flattened structures . Monday 's quake generated a "  significant " tsunami , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said . Some of the missing might include people who are unaccounted for after fleeing to higher ground , said Henri Dori Satoko , head of the Mentawai Islands parliament . Though communication poses a challenge in the remote area , some witnesses in West Sumatra reported seeing a wave 6 meters  nearly 20 feet  high . Other reports described the tsunami as being about 3 meters  almost 10 feet  high . At least one village with a population of about 200 people was swept away , with only 40 people recovered , Satoko said . Indonesia 's government has since warned residents of West Sumatra province to stay alert and stay away from the coastline for up to five days because of the possibility of more earthquakes , Balanda said . The city of Padang and the Mentawai Islands are at the meeting place of two tectonic plates , making them vulnerable to earthquakes and tsunamis . On December 26 , 2004 , a 9.1-magnitude earthquake struck off northern Sumatra . A tsunami generated by that earthquake killed more than 225,000 people in 14 countries -- mainly India , Indonesia , Maldives , Sri Lanka and Thailand . The Indonesian region of Banda Aceh was hard-hit : About 150,000 died there . To the east , on Java , the death toll from Tuesday 's eruption of Mount Merapi has climbed to 32 , medical officials said Thursday . Merapi , which looms on the horizon north of the major city of Yogyakarta , is one of Indonesia 's most active volcanoes and lies in one of the world 's most densely populated areas . The volcano has a summit elevation of nearly 10,000 feet  3,000 meters  . Hundreds of displaced residents have crammed a small government building in Yogyakarta . Many had fled with only the clothes on their backs . Some refused to flee , holding out to watch over their crops and livestock . Some residents awaited word from the traditional gatekeeper of Mount Merapi . But Maradjin , the gatekeeper , fell victim to the volcano as well . He was to be buried Thursday . He died in his 80s , after being appointed about two decades ago by the last Sultan of Java . Maradjin 's father was gatekeeper before him . "  Merapi is a house of spirits , which also means a living mountain , " Maradjin told CNN in a 2006 interview . "  When Merapi emits smoke , we have to be respectful . " CNN 's Kathy Quiano , Paula Hancocks and Stan Grant contributed to this report .	Death toll from earthquake and tsunami rises to 343 Getting aid to villages in western Indonesia a logistics challenge Steam , ash rise from Mount Merapi volcano
It was a "  Lucky " night for Daft Punk . The robot-headed duo won record of the year for the hit "  Get Lucky " and album of the year for "  Random Access Memories " at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards Sunday night . Daft Punk was typically silent , but singer-songwriter Paul Williams accepted the album of the year award with a generous speech . Williams , who 's written such songs as "  We 've Only Just Begun " and "  Evergreen , " had struggled to overcome substance abuse problems over the years . "  Then I get sober and two robots asked me to make an album , " he said . Pharrell Williams , who sang on "  Get Lucky , " accepted the award for record of the year . Five things we loved about the awards The Grammys also often manage to single out rising artists , and this year that meant Lorde , Kacey Musgraves and Macklemore & Ryan Lewis . Lorde earned the third of the big three awards , song of the year , for "  Royals . " The honor is a songwriters ' award . "  Thank you to everyone who has let the song explode , " she said , also paying tribute to co-writer Joel Little . She also won a Grammy for best pop solo performance . Musgraves won for best country album . Macklemore & Lewis , who were nominated for seven awards , won four at Grammy Awards . "  I want to thank our fans , the people that got us on this stage , " said Macklemore in accepting the award for best new artist . The pair also took home rap album  "  The Heist "  , rap performance and rap song  both for "  Thrift Shop "  . Macklemore & Lewis beat out some tough competition in the rap categories . Their album was up against offerings from Drake and Kendrick Lamar , and "  Thrift Shop " defeated songs by Jay Z and Kanye West . The winners ' list : Did you pick them ? Jay Z , who led all artists with nine nominations , did win best rap/sung collaboration for "  Holy Grail , " a collaboration with Justin Timberlake . Addressing his daughter Blue , Jay Z said , "  Daddy just got a gold sippy cup for you . " Macklemore & Lewis ' "  Same Love , " a song written in support of same-sex marriage , was performed on a set resembling a church . Macklemore 's rap was followed by a mass wedding featuring 33 couples taking the stage of Los Angeles ' Staples Center . Queen Latifah officiated , and Madonna served as maid of honor , following Latifah 's exhortions with "  Open Your Heart . " The crowd roared its approval as the couples made their way back up the aisle . Trent Reznor , Macklemore tell us how they really feel The show was full of such notable performances . A highlight was a performance of "  Get Lucky " featuring Pharrell Williams , Stevie Wonder , Nile Rodgers and song originators Daft Punk , who lurked in a "  control room " in their robot helmets . "  Get Lucky " won a Grammy for pop duo/group performance , and Daft Punk won two early Grammys for its album "  Random Access Memories , " one for its engineering , the other in the dance electronic category . Daft Punk won five Grammys , total . Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr , who received a Lifetime Achievement Award for their work with the Beatles , both played . Starr did his "  Photograph " with musicians including Peter Frampton and Kenny Aronoff , and McCartney did his new song "  Queenie Eye " with a group that included Starr . Most awards were given out before the show . Stars rock all-white ensembles Adele , a big winner two years ago , won yet another Grammy , this time for her "  Skyfall " theme song . Other winners include Ziggy Marley  reggae album  ; Stephen Colbert  spoken word  ; and Terri Lyne Carrington  jazz instrumental album  . Gold and black dominated the gowns on the red carpet , though Paris Hilton -- in a side-baring white number -- was among the most showy . Producer and vocalist Pharrell Williams , who showed up wearing an oversized forest ranger-style hat , earned plenty of fashion attention on Twitter . In fact , @PharrellHat had more than 5,000 followers and @PharrellsHat had more than 400 within an hour of the show starting . Perhaps someone will not start an account for "  robot heads . " Grammys 2014 : Pharrell 's hat gets life -- and Twitter -- of its own	Daft Punk wins album and record of the year Lorde takes song of the year for "  Royals " Rap duo Macklemore & Ryan Lewis have four
Just when it looked like Ukraine was settling down after toppling pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych over the weekend , tension flared again in Crimea , the southern part of the country where support for Russia is strong . Armed men seized regional government buildings in Crimea and hoisted the Russian flag . Rival demonstrators chanted "  Crimea is Russia " and "  Crimea is not Russia " back and forth at each other . With the peninsula turning into a flashpoint , here are five things you need to know about Crimea . 1 . Crimea is n't legally part of Russia now , but it has been in the past . Moscow has had an interest in Crimea for hundreds of years , with its rich farmland and its access to the Black Sea . Russia gave Crimea to Ukraine in 1954 , when both Russia and Ukraine were part of the Soviet Union . After the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 , there was some local desire for Crimea to leave Ukraine and become part of Russia again , but lawmakers in Ukraine and Crimea voted for it to stay part of Ukraine . Gunmen seize government buildings in Crimea , raise Russian flag 2 . A lot of Russians still live in Crimea . There are actually three main groups in Crimea : ethnic Ukrainians in the north , Russians in the south , and a third group called Tatars in the middle . The Tatars represent 15 to 20 % of the population and suffered badly under Stalin in the Soviet era . They 're "  deadest against annexation by Russia , " Alexander Motyl of Rutgers University told a Council on Foreign Relations audience last week . 3 . Part of the Russian Navy is based in Crimea . Any talk about the importance of Crimea to Russia quickly turns to the Black Sea Fleet . The Russian Navy has had a base at the Crimean city of Sevastopol , on the Black Sea , for 230 years . Ships and subs based there are just north of Turkey and can reach the Mediterranean to influence the Middle East and the Balkans . An expert at the International Institute for Strategic Studies has been arguing that the importance of the Black Sea Fleet can be overstated . It is the smallest of the Russian Navy 's four fleets , and Russia has a Black Sea coast of its own . In fact , Russia is expanding its Black Sea port of Novorossiysk and moving military vessels there , Christian Le Miere argues . And yet Sevastopol clearly remains significant for Russia . In 2010 , Moscow gave Ukraine a good deal on natural gas , partly in exchange for Kiev extending the Russian Navy lease on the base in Ukraine . 4 . Crimea has played a vital role in world history before . Even if you do n't know anything else about the Crimean War , you 've heard of Florence Nightingale , the founder of modern nursing . It was in the Crimean War in the 1850s that she became known as the Lady with the Lamp , caring for soldiers wounded in the war that Britain , France and Ottoman Turkey fought against Russia . Generations of British schoolchildren have memorized a poem dating from the war : "  The Charge of the Light Brigade , " by Alfred Lord Tennyson . The poem commemorates a blunder when British troops attacked the wrong Russian position and were slaughtered , memorialized by Tennyson in the lines : "  Theirs not to reason why , theirs but to do and die . " That same battle added a word to the English language : It was called the Battle of Balaclava . 5 . And do n't forget Yalta , of course . When World War II was grinding to an end in 1945 , the Allied leaders -- U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt , British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Soviet leader Joseph Stalin -- met to divide up Europe . That meeting , which laid the groundwork for the Cold War , took place in the Crimean resort of Yalta . Opinion : Will Crimea be Europe 's next ` frozen ' conflict ?	Tensions are running high in Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula The region has historically been part of Russia , but it 's Ukrainian now A lot of ethnic Russians live there , but so do Ukrainians and Tatars who are anti-Russian Part of the Russian Navy is based in Crimea
CNN  -- Here 's what CNN readers are saying on health stories from the past week : ` It 's horrible what they 've had to endure ' Our weekend piece on Rafi Kopelan 's struggle with a rare disease called epidermolysis bullosa , or EB , and her neighbors ' social media-driven efforts to help raise money for a cure , got nearly 400 comments . Some discussed efforts by the government and others to help find cures for disease ; others recounted their health struggles or those of people they know . "  I ca n't say how happy I am to see this on the CNN front page , " commenter RumMonkeyMama wrote . "  I have a good friend whose husband and son both have EB . It 's horrible what they 've had to endure . Every small milestone is such a huge accomplishment . My friend 's son is 5 , and only started walking last year . It brought tears to my eyes when she posted a video of him running not long ago . It 's been such a long struggle , and one with no foreseeable end . I 'm happy to see this on the CNN front page , because more people will become aware of EB , which will hopefully drive more  research and development  money into finding treatments or a cure ! " ` If you 're just working out and not altering your diet , it 's an uphill battle ' The story on Brittni Garcia , who dropped 107 pounds after realizing her "  fat shorts " no longer fit her during her college years , also garnered nearly 400 comments , many of them expressing support for Garcia and sharing similar weight loss struggles . "  Congrats to Brittni , " wrote commenter focusmm . "  I firmly believe in taking personal accountability for your health . I lost 65 pounds and went from a size 18W to a size 6 last year , cut my body fat in half , lowered my visceral fat from 11 to 4 and got my cholesterol totally in control . But my focus was more on the eating aspects and adopting a new way of eating for life . I work out , but I think it is an 80/20 rule , where 80 % is all about what you eat . I now teach weight loss classes online to pay it forward for the health and renewed energy I have . " Responding to focusmm , commenter Guneun wrote , "  The best description I 've heard is ` You lose ounces in the gym , but you lose pounds in the kitchen . ' If you 're just working out and not altering your diet , it 's an uphill battle . Do both and you can shed weight in no time . " ` Nothing in medicine is absolute ' A story on the flu vaccine being less effective , especially for the elderly , than previously stated sparked a debate on vaccines in general . "  The military forces this on the troops  firsthand experience  , " wrote commenter tinytall . "  Each year that I got this silly ` vaccination ' while serving , I got the flu . Since separating  1999  , I 've never gotten the flu , including this year . Huh , go figure . " In response , commenter DrDougFC wrote in part , "  That does n't mean the vaccine does n't work , it just means that nothing in medicine is absolute . I know someone who did n't smoke , yet got lung cancer , and a couple people who wore their seat belt , yet still died in a car crash . That does n't mean that I should take up smoking or stop wearing my seat belt . Like the flu vaccine , not smoking and wearing a seat belt improve my odds , but are n't guarantees . " ` We have more failures by far than successes ' A story on a new breast cancer drug receiving approval from the Food and Drug Administration triggered a discussion on the role of the FDA in safeguarding public health and on drug prices . "  You have no idea how much it costs to bring a drug to market , " commenter rs1201 pointed out . "  As a senior research scientist working in the R&D division of a major pharmaceutical company , I can tell you that hundreds of millions of dollars are spent to come up with a drug . We have more failures by far than successes . To succeed , the company hires the best of the best scientists and has to pay them accordingly . To retain these scientists , the company does everything it can and that costs them dearly . It takes approximately 20 years from inception of the idea of a drug to FDA approval . There 's no guarantee of approval . Pricing on a drug is a way to recoup a bit of all the millions that it took to get the drug to the FDA . "	A story on 5-year-old Rafi Kopelan got nearly 400 comments Commenters were supportive of Brittni Garcia 's weight loss struggle One commenter likens the flu vaccine to wearing a seat belt
CNN  -- World champion Casey Stoner boosted his hopes of defending that title with victory at an incident-packed Dutch MotoGP at Assen Saturday . A first corner accident saw San Carlo Honda Gresini 's Alvaro Bautista end the hopes of title leader Jorge Lorenzo , the Yamaha team leader clearly unhappy at the premature end to his race . It left the Hondas of Stoner and Dani Pedrosa to dominate affairs with Lorenzo 's teammate Ben Spies in pursuit . Stoner took a lead he maintained to the checkered flag , closely followed home after a thrilling duel by Pedrosa . Andrea Dovizioso in the Monster Tech Yamaha overhauled Spies for third . His teammate Cal Crutchlow of Britain continued his fine season with fifth , just ahead of former world champion Nicky Hayden of the United States on his Ducati . Hayden 's teammate , seven-time champion Valentino Rossi , continued his disappointing season back in 13th after being forced into the pits for a late tire change . Stoner , who had started on pole , has pulled level with the unfortunate Lorenzo at the top of the overall standings . Bautista is under investigation after the crash and apologized to Lorenzo for ending his chances . "  At the end I arrived so fast into the corner and I tried to stop the bike to stop Lorenzo from dropping out . I 'm so sorry for him , " he told BBC Sport . Spain 's Marc Marquez , riding a Suter won the Moto2 category race , while his compatriot Maverick Vinales was first across the line in the Moto3 race on his FTR .	World champion Casey Stoner wins MotoGP at Assen Title leader Jorge Lorenzo crashes out on first bend Dani Pedrosa finishes second with Andrea Doviziosa third Stoner draws level with Lorenzo at top of the standings
CNN  -- The racism row involving a Premier League referee could dominate English football headlines for some months , after police announced on Tuesday that they had launched an investigation into the incident . Mark Clattenburg , who took charge of Chelsea 's controversial 3-2 home defeat by Manchester United on Sunday , is alleged to have made "  inappropriate " comments to two Chelsea players , one of which is claimed to have had a racial nature . The footballers in question are midfielders John Obi Mikel of Nigeria and Juan Mata of Spain . If the police inquiry escalates to a formal charge for Clattenburg , there is unlikely to be any ruling until well into next year . It took nine months for John Terry to be cleared by a criminal court in London after the Chelsea captain was accused of racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand in October 2011 . The English Football Association , which launched its own investigation into the Clattenburg affair on Monday , subsequently found Terry guilty of racial abuse , banning the 31-year-old for four matches as a result . "  An investigation has been launched into alleged comments made during a football match between Chelsea FC and Manchester United FC at Stamford Bridge on 28 October 2012 , " read the London police force statement . "  This follows on from a complaint received by the Metropolitan Police Service on 29 October . "  Officers ... are in liaison with Chelsea and the Football Association . At this time , the MPS has not received any complaint from either Chelsea or the Football Association . " Peter Herbert , a leading human rights barrister who chairs the Society of Black Lawyers and who has recently staged talks over a black footballers ' association in light of recent racism scandals in the English game , says he made the complaint to the police . "  What we do n't want is for it to be swept away under the carpet , " he told British broadcaster Sky Sports . "  It must be subject to a full and proper investigation . It is to lend some seriousness and some weight behind what is happening in football . " The FA 's decision to run its own inquiry at the same time as the police investigation has been welcomed by Gordon Taylor , the chief executive of the Professional Footballers ' Association , who is keen for the incident to be resolved far quicker than the Terry affair . Meanwhile , Clattenburg , who refereed the Olympic Games football final in August and who has welcomed the FA inquiry , has been stood down from the elite panel of referees set to officiate Premier League games this weekend . The 37-year-old has already filed what is known as an "  extraordinary incident report , " which is believed to deal with an alleged confrontation that took place in the referees ' room after the final whistle . The UK Press Association reported that Mikel accused Clattenburg of abusing him during the post-match conversation , which was observed by Chelsea manager Roberto Di Matteo , assistant manager Eddie Newton and chief executive Ron Gourlay . On Tuesday , newspaper reports suggested that neither Mikel nor Mata heard any abusive comments but were informed of them later by their teammates . Clattenburg and his three assistants were all wearing microphones and earphones , but FIFA rules do not permit the recording of such conversations as there is no provision for this in the laws of the game .	Police will investigate allegations of racial abuse by Premier League referee Mark Clattenburg Clattenburg was in charge of Chelsea 's 3-2 home defeat by Manchester United on Sunday Society of Black Lawyers referred complaint to the police Separate Football Association inquiry will run concurrently
CNN  -- Rosie O'Donnell and spouse Kelli Carpenter "  are working through their issues " and "  nothing else will be said " about rumors the couple is splitting , according to O'Donnell 's publicist . Rumors have been swirling that Kelli Carpenter , left , and Rosie O'Donnell are splitting . Online buzz about the Carpenter-O'Donnell marriage grew louder this week after O'Donnell did not give a clear-cut denial in a USA Today interview on Tuesday . The former talk show host 's publicist echoed her non-denial in a statement to CNN Wednesday . "  They are a family and will remain a family forever and are working through their issues , " publicist Cindi Berger said in an e-mailed response . "  Nothing else will be said . " O'Donnell and Carpenter were married in a private ceremony in San Francisco , California , Mayor Gavin Newsom 's office in February 2004 . The city of San Francisco issued the couple a marriage license two weeks after Newsom said his mayoral responsibility not to discriminate trumped a state law banning such marriages . O'Donnell said on her wedding day that she was inspired to make her longtime relationship with Carpenter official by "  vile and vicious and hateful comments " made by President George W. Bush that week . Then-President Bush announced that week that he would seek a Constitutional amendment to mandate that same-sex couples not be allowed to marry . O'Donnell and Carpenter are also business partners . They started R Family Vacations , which organizes cruises tailored for gay couples . Their family includes four children . The three oldest -- Parker , 14 , Chelsea , 12 and Blake , 9 -- are adopted . Six-year-old Vivienne -- conceived through a sperm donation -- was born to Carpenter .	Rumors that Rosie O'Donnell , spouse Kelli Carpenter are splitting O'Donnell did not deny rumors to USA Today Publicist : Pair "  are working through their issues " Two were married in San Francisco in 2004
CNN  -- In his strongest words to date , Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , tried to quash talk that he would allow another government shutdown if he becomes Senate majority leader next year . "  Of course not . Remember me ? I am the guy that gets us out of shutdowns , " McConnell told CNN in an exclusive interview Wednesday . "  It 's a failed policy , " he said of shutdowns . Earlier this month , Politico reported that , if selected majority leader , McConnell plans to tell the president to accept bills reining in the administration 's policies or veto them and risk a government shutdown . Last year 's government shutdown was hardly a popular event , and McConnell 's Democratic opponent , Alison Lundergan Grimes , pounced on the story . "  Senator Gridlock 's shutdown promise will hurt Kentucky small businesses , " screamed a Grimes campaign press release . McConnell opposed the last shutdown , fueled by a strategy from his fellow Republican Ted Cruz , R-Texas , to only fund the government by defunding Obamacare , which passed the GOP-led House but had no chance in the Senate . The shutdown backfired on Republicans , and after the government reopened , McConnell made clear he did not intend to go through it again , citing a Kentucky saying on the Senate floor : "  There 's no education in the second kick of a mule . " Still , McConnell is vowing to try to roll back Obama regulations that Republicans loathe , especially EPA rules on coal that Kentuckians see as harmful to their coal-rich economy . He says he plans to do that , if the GOP takes control of the Senate in the midterm elections , by attaching those changes to spending bills as they move through Congress . "  One of the powers of Congress is to direct spending , and we 've had an abuse of bureaucracy across the board . It 's been particularly bad here in Kentucky with EPA and the coal industry , that needs to have some directions from Congress , " McConnell told CNN . "  The reason Harry Reid wo n't allow votes on coal in the Senate is he is afraid it will pass , in other words it would actually pass with Democratic votes . We 're going to have those kind of votes next year if I 'm majority leader , " said McConnell . He again underscored he has no intention of taking that strategy all the way to a government shutdown -- noting he is often the veteran legislator who comes in at the last minute negotiate a way out with Democrats . "  I 'm the guy that 's gotten us out of the shutdowns that some of our members have pushed us into in the past , " said McConnell . But he also cautioned , "  That does not mean that you should send the president a total blank check with no restrictions at all on how the money is spent . "	Mitch McConnell says shutdowns are "  failed policy " Election foe in Ky. says he would allow them to occur McConnell hopes to become Senate majority leader
London  CNN  You could call it the other "  Fifty Shades of Grey " effect . Firefighters in London are concerned that there could be a "  spike " in emergency calls from people stuck in handcuffs and other sex toys after watching the new "  Fifty Shades of Grey " film , released worldwide this week . It would seem that E L James ' bestselling erotic novels have inspired more people to experiment sexually with sometimes embarrassing -- and painful -- results . London Fire Brigade says that incidents where sexual adventurers get trapped in cuffs and rings have been steadily increasing year-on-year since the first "  Fifty Shades of Grey " book was released in 2011 . The "  Fifty Shades " trilogy , which has sold more than 100 million copies worldwide and been translated into 50 languages , tells the story of the S&M - flavored relationship between a virginal college graduate and a billionaire CEO . The books have also been credited with boosting sales of sex toys , driving women to hook-up sites and fueling a craze over sexual domination . Now , firefighters in London are asking the public to exercise caution if they feel like spicing up their sex lives after watching the movie . "  We hope film-goers will use common sense and avoid leaving themselves red faced , " said Third Officer , Dave Brown . ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' : What the critics say The service said that crews have been called out to 393 incidents they believe are related to sex since April 2014 , including 28 incidents involving people trapped in handcuffs . In November 2014 , firefighters had to come to the rescue of a man who had a pair of metal rings stuck on his manhood for three days . ER doctors were unable to remove the steel rings so two firefighters had to snip them off using hand-held hydraulic cutters . On another occasion , a crew was called by a woman whose husband had become locked in a chastity belt . In the past , reports the brigade , crews have also been called out to incidents involving toasters and vacuum cleaners . But it 's not just embarrassing , it 's expensive . The brigade reports that each incident costs British taxpayers at least $ 452  # 295  and estimates incidents have cost a total of nearly $ 615,000  # 400,000  . To avoid awkward incidents , London Fire Brigade advises people that if they are going to use handcuffs , keep the keys handy . Dressing Mr. Grey	"  Fifty Shades of Grey " movie releases worldwide this week London firefighters warn of possible "  spike " in calls from people stuck in handcuffs Incidents like these on rise since E L James ' first erotic book released in 2011 Brigade has been called to incidents involving toasters , vacuum cleaners and chastity belt
Editor 's note : World-renowned chef , author and Emmy winning television personality Anthony Bourdain visits Libya in the next episode of "  Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown , " airing Sunday , May 19 , at 9 p.m. ET . Follow the show on Twitter and Facebook .	8 things to know before visiting Libya Check out breakfast in Libya
CNN  -- It 's been hailed for its succinctness and blamed for everything from sore thumbs to the decline of conversation . Love it or hate it , the text message is 20 years old . The first-ever text message was sent December 3 , 1992 , by software engineer Neil Papworth , to Vodafone director Richard Jarvis , who received the message on his husky Orbitel 901 cell phone . It read simply , "  Merry Christmas . " As of Monday , the text is no longer in its teens -- the age group it 's probably most associated with . In fact , it 's more of a senior citizen in technology years . At just 190 bytes and 160 characters , the modest text message is n't the most glamorous or elaborate form of communication , and that 's a major reason it 's become so pervasive . Texting is popular around the world , across age groups and cultures , because it is simple , concise , and compatible with every mobile device , whether it 's a $ 500 smartphone or a disposable flip phone . Six billion SMS  short message service  messages are sent every day in the United States , according to Forrester Research , and over 2.2 trillion are sent a year . Globally , 8.6 trillion text messages are sent each year , according to Portio Research . It seems tacky to bring this up on its birthday , but this may also be the year the text message peaks . After two decades of constant growth , text messaging is finally slowing down as people move to smartphones and use third-party messaging tools to circumvent wireless carriers ' costly per-text charges . SMS messaging is expected to be a $ 150 billion-a-year industry in 2013 , with carriers charging set monthly fees for unlimited texting , or as much as 20 cents per text . The actual cost to carriers for sending a text message is about 0.03 cents . By using popular apps and services , including Apple 's iMessage , Facebook messages , GroupMe and WhatsApp , smartphone users can send all the texts they want over Wi-Fi or cellular networks without paying per message . But smartphones still only account for 50 % of all cell phones , so text messaging is likely to be around for years to come . Since a birthday is a day of celebration , LOLs and HBDs , let 's take a look at some fascinating text messaging trivia . • In the United States , 75 % of teenagers text , sending an average of 60 texts a day . According to Pew Internet research , texting is teens ' most common form of communication , beating out phone conversations , social networks and old-fashioned face-to-face conversations . • Women are twice as likely to use emoticons in text messages , but men use a wider variety of emoticons , according to a recent study by Rice University . :- • The practice of exchanging sexual messages or photos  yes , "  sexting "  is n't just for single people and politicians . It 's also popular among committed couples . According to a study by psychology professor Michelle Drouin , 80 % of young adults in relationships sent or received naughty texts , and 60 % upped the ante by exchanging photos or videos . • Some emergency response call centers are beginning to accept text messages sent to 911 . There are still lingering concerns about the practice , including lack of location information , confirmation that the message was received , and timeliness of messages . Verizon plans to launch limited SMS-to-911 services in early 2013 . • The world of competitive texting can be lucrative for the fastest thumbs . At this year 's fifth annual National Texting Championship in New York City , 17-year-old Austin Wierschke was crowned the winner for the second year in a row , taking home $ 50,000 in prize money . • According to Guinness World Records , Melissa Thompson set the record for fastest text . In 2010 , she took 25.94 seconds to type and send , "  The razor-toothed piranhas of the genera Serrasalmus and Pygocentrus are the most ferocious freshwater fish in the world . In reality they seldom attack a human . " • Text messages have a dangerous side . Texting while driving is a risky activity , and sending or reading a single text can distract a driver for approximately 4.6 seconds , according to the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute . Thirty-nine states have banned text messaging while driving . Distracted texters have also been injured or killed while biking and walking . • Text messaging technology has popped up in some fascinating places over the years , including cows ' reproductive organs . Swiss dairy farmers have implanted sensors in cows to detect when the cows are in heat . A second sensor with a SIM card in the cow 's neck sends a text message to the farmer , who can then inseminate the animal , according to The New York Times . • Text messaging has been used in medical fields to improve treatment for malaria , depression , diabetes and addiction .	The first text message was sent on December 3 , 1992 , and read "  Merry Christmas " 8.6 trillion text messages are sent each year around the world SMS text messaging is on the decline as more people switch to third-party tools on smartphones
KUNA YALA , Panama  CNN  -- Hunched over a campfire in eastern Panama , Embera tribesman Raul Mezua chanted a song his grandfather taught him when he was a boy . Embera tribesman Raul Mezua sings traditional songs over a campfire in Panama . The words are memorized , passed down from an aging generation to a new group of tribal youths . "  The song means a lot to me , " Mezua told CNN , the fire 's dying embers splashing a red glow across his face . "  But I do n't know what it means . " It 's not just the song but their language and culture that Mezua and his tribe fear losing as deforestation from logging and cattle ranching threatens the rainforest that is part of their identity . But recent trends could usher in a welcome reversal for Mezua and his tribe . Rural workers are migrating toward cities in search of jobs , and forests are re-emerging where now abandoned farms and cattle ranches once flourished , according to a 2009 report from the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization . Watch the struggle over Panama 's rainforests " Such "  secondary " forests in the tropics can rapidly grow in areas once cleared for logging and cattle ranching if left alone , said Joseph Wright , senior scientist at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama . "  After about 20 years  of being left alone  the forest will be about 60 feet tall , " he said . Deforestation and re-growth in Panama may reflect a snapshot of a bigger picture involving rainforests throughout Central America . With more than three-quarters of people across the region now living in urban centers , the United Nations expects rural farming and population growth -- the usual culprits behind deforestation -- to dwindle . Some call forest re-growth a victory in the climate crisis . Trees consume carbon dioxide , a greenhouse gas that traps heat within the Earth 's atmosphere . "  Biology is the only way we can remove carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere , " Wright said . "  There 's no way to do it faster than to let tropical forests re-grow on abandoned land . " Others say threats to primary forest , or original jungle , is the real issue and that its loss can cause irreparable damage to the surrounding ecosystem . "  Places in Colombia , places in Central America , places in Mexico , places in many of the Andean countries are the last bunkers , the last bastions of hundreds of unique species in each place , " Lider Sucre , director of Panama 's Museum of Biodiversity , told CNN . "  If you replant 10 times as much forest but you lose these last large pockets , you lose a huge amount of biodiversity forever and ever . " The value of primary and secondary forests is a debate heating up within the environmental community as new woodlands begin to wrap themselves around barbed-wire fences that still dot cattle-driven landscapes across Panama . "  We have to make that distinction , that fundamental difference , between re-growth and the original forest , " Sucre said . "  Re-growth is only a shadow in terms of the diversity of life within it . " In places like Panama 's Kuna Yala , a semi-autonomous tribal region and the country 's largest tract of rainforest , new growth can bridge gaps between the remaining pockets of pristine old growth forest . "  Because of its size , because of the health of the entire ecosystem , it has an extraordinary potential to serve as a kind of a Noah 's Ark -- a place that can safeguard biodiversity and the full complement of species , " Sucre said . Recently , a scientific expedition unearthed 10 new amphibious species on both sides of Panama 's mountainous border with Colombia , according to Conservation International , an environmental advocacy group based in Washington . At least 25 percent of the area is being deforested , putting the rich biodiversity in jeopardy , the group said . Across the region , the United Nations says tropical rainforest land is still being lost at an alarming pace . More than 7 million hectares of forests were destroyed globally each year between 2000 and 2005 , the U.N. says . See images of deforestation and tribal culture in Panama " Slightly less than one-fifth of the world 's carbon dioxide emissions stems from the effects of deforestation in poor countries , the U.N. said -- a figure comparable to the total output of the United States and China . For indigenous tribes -- who rely on the rainforest for everything from medicine and food to homes and artwork -- the reality behind the figures is staggering . "  The rainforest is something we depend on , " Kuna tribesman Toniel Edman said , standing beside a thatched hut made from rainforest wood . "  The problem is actually with the farmers and ranchers , " Edman said . "  They invade our land and deforest it for their own gain . " But here , cattle is king . "  We do n't have another way to support ourselves , " rancher Oriel Gonzalez said , overlooking cow pastures where rainforest once dominated . "  We go looking for work elsewhere but there is n't any . We do n't know how to do anything else . " He added that loans for raising cows are just easier to come by than financing for crops or other livestock . "  It 's partly tradition . The banker is used to lending money for cattle -- that 's what he 's always done , " said Wright , the Smithsonian scientist . See how the greenhouse effect works " Wright noted that for lenders , there is inherently less risk with raising cattle . "  We have droughts . We have plagues of microbes . Plagues of insects . You can have a 100 percent loss with a row crop , " he said . "  That just never happens with cattle . You can always get the cattle to market and sell them . " For lawmakers , striking a balance between preservation and the "  need for people to grow the land " comes with "  difficulties , " Panama President Martin Torrijos told CNN . Torrijos highlighted his country 's recent successes in combating deforestation ; Panama recorded drops in rainforest loss during the 2000 to 2005 period , the U.N. reported . But he also recognized a brewing conflict between indigenous tribes and the ranchers , farmers and loggers who encroach on tribal land . "  Every now and then , issues occur and we deal with it , " Torrijos said . Part of the problem is "  unclear ownership of the land , " said U.N. Forestry Officer Merilio Morell . "  By law , the indigenous own the comarca  tribal district  . But exercising ownership is not easy , " he said . "  They can not patrol ever single meter of land ... and the borders are n't marked . " Scientists say efforts to promote carbon trading -- a process intended to get companies that exceed their allowed CO2 emissions to buy credits from groups that pollute less -- could provide the mechanism needed to slow deforestation . Earlier this month , delegates from donor and developing countries around the world met outside Panama City to address carbon trading amid the fallout from a global recession . Environmental consequences from the economic crunch are still uncertain . But U.N. projections show a growing global demand for rainforest products like fuel and timber . That demand could thwart the resurgence of the rainforest .	New trends could open door to reversal in deforestation for tribes Rural workers are migrating toward city life in search of jobs , U.N. report says Secondary growth forests are emerging on abandoned farms , cattle ranches NEW : Watch Ariosto 's interview with CNN.com Live
CNN  The attorney for a suburban New York cardiologist charged in what authorities say was a failed scheme to have another physician hurt or killed is calling the allegations against his client "  completely unsubstantiated . " Appearing Saturday morning on CNN 's "  New Day , " Randy Zelin defended his client , Dr. Anthony Moschetto , who faces criminal solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , arson , criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on Long Island . "  None of anything in this case has any evidentiary value , " Zelin told CNN 's Christi Paul . "  It does n't matter what anyone says , he is presumed to be innocent . " Moschetto ,54 , pleaded not guilty to all charges Wednesday . He was released after posting $ 2 million bond and surrendering his passport . Zelin said that his next move is to get Dr. Moshetto back to work . "  He 's got patients to see . This man , while he was in a detention cell , the only thing that he cared about were his patients . And amazingly , his patients were flooding the office with calls , making sure that he was OK , " Zelin said . Two other men -- identified as James Chmela , 43 , and James Kalamaras , 41 -- were named as accomplices , according to prosecutors . They pleaded not guilty in Nassau County District Court , according to authorities . Both were released on bail . A requests for comment from an attorney representing Chmela was not returned . It 's unclear whether Kalamaras has retained an attorney . Police officers allegedly discovered approximately 100 weapons at Moschetto 's home , including hand grenades , high-capacity magazines and knives . Many of the weapons were found in a hidden room behind a switch-activated bookshelf , according to prosecutors . The investigation began back in December , when undercover officers began buying heroin and oxycodone pills from Moschetto in what was initially a routine investigation into the sale of prescription drugs , officials said . During the course of the undercover operation , however , Moschetto also sold the officers two semiautomatic assault weapons as well as ammunition , prosecutors said . Moschetto allegedly told officers during one buy that he needed dynamite to "  blow up a building . " He later said he no longer needed the dynamite because a friend was setting fire to the building instead . Kalamaras and Chmela are believed to have taken part in the arson , according to prosecutors . "  The fire damaged but did not destroy the office of another cardiologist whose relationship with Dr. Moschetto had soured due to a professional dispute , " according to the statement from the district attorney 's office . Moschetto allegedly gave an informant and undercover detective blank prescriptions and cash for the assault and killing of the fellow cardiologist , according to prosecutors . He also requested that the rival 's wife be assaulted if she happened to be present , authorities said . "  He was willing to pay $ 5,000 to have him beaten and put in a hospital for a few months , and then he said he would pay $ 20,000 to have him killed , " said Assistant District Attorney Anne Donnelly , according to CNN affiliate WCBS .	A lawyer for Dr. Anthony Moschetto says the charges against him are baseless Moschetto , 54 , was arrested for selling drugs and weapons , prosecutors say Authorities allege Moschetto hired accomplices to burn down the practice of former associate
London , England  CNN  -- The volcanic eruption in Iceland has given scientists a unique opportunity to study its effect on marine biology . An international team of scientists is in the far North Atlantic Ocean testing whether volcanic eruptions have a side effect of increasing the absorption of carbon dioxide into the deep sea . The expedition , from the UK 's National Oceanography Center in Southampton , was planned several years before the eruption of the volcano Eyjafjallajökull . By chance , it has now given the scientists the opportunity to see how volcanic ash effects iron levels in the water and in turn the growth of the vital organism phytoplankton . Phytoplankton is important to the eco-system because it takes carbon dioxide from the atmosphere into the deep sea when it dies . Growth of phytoplankton in certain areas is usually limited by lack of iron in the water , and the sub polar Atlantic is believed to be one of these areas . Phytoplankton usually blooms in the spring , but dies back in the summer . However , scientists are testing the theory that the volcanic eruption has increased iron in the water and will prolong the spring blooms into summer . Professor Eric Achterberg , who is leading the team of 22 scientists , told CNN from on board the ship RSS Discovery : "  We are extremely lucky that the volcano has given us a fantastic natural experiment . "  Normally iron is so low here that after a massive spring bloom , it does n't grow well in the summer . But after the volcano there 's been a lot more iron falling in to the ocean , so we have a fantastic opportunity to check whether iron makes the bloom last longer . "  We are seeing enhanced iron levels compared with other years and we think that 's because of the volcano . We need to do a lot more analysis back at the lab before we can confirm the volcano has caused extra phytoplankton growth . " The five-week cruise set off on July 4 and is now in the sub-polar region of the North Atlantic between Greenland and Iceland . It follows an earlier expedition in April and May , which by chance coincided with the eruption of Eyjafjallajökull . Prof. Achterberg said : "  The volcano erupted during the previous trip to check how conditions were for the spring bloom . They sailed right into the plume , which was an amazing experience though not particularly healthy . "  They went right up to the coast of Iceland and the ship was covered with ash . There was a real rise in iron levels then . " Despite the unique research opportunity offered by the volcano , which is now dormant , it has forced the scientist to abandon the initial aim of their expedition to test the normal iron levels in the region . "  It upset our original hypothesis that this region is iron limited , " said Prof. Achterberg . "  But we now have a great opportunity to see if a massive volcano can cause enhanced phytoplankton growth and sink more carbon dioxide into the oceans . "  It 's a unique situation because we have never been able to look at this before . This could potentially teach us a lot about how the oceans work . The oceans take up 40 percent of all carbon dioxide from the atmosphere , so they are pretty significant . " The far North Atlantic is globally significant because it acts as a sink for atmospheric carbon dioxide . The RSS Discovery has reached 63 ° N , close to Greenland 's ice sheets , where there is only two hours of darkness each night . Scientists have to work through the night to collect biological samples during the brief hours of darkness when the phytoplankton is not photosynthesizing . Prof. Achterberg said : "  We sailed out of the Irish Sea straight into a Force 10 storm which was pretty horrendous . We had to take one scientist back with terrible seasickness , which left him dehydrated and needing hospital treatment . "  It 's absolutely beautiful here now though . We 're seeing a lot of whales and other wildlife . "	Scientists test if volcanic ash has prolonged phytoplankton blooms Sub-polar Atlantic is vital in absorbing carbon dioxide Volcanic eruption gave unique opportunity for research
NEW YORK  CNN  -- He 's the other hero . After pulling child to safety , firefighter Jimmy Senk went back into burning building in case another was inside . Jimmy Senk is a Bronx , New York , firefighter who went inside a burning apartment with black smoke billowing out of the windows on Wednesday , pulled out a 4-year-old boy and handed him to a bystander . "  I 'm just glad he 's alive , you know ? " Senk told CNN . The boy has since been released from the hospital . The bystander , shopkeeper Horia Cretan , climbed four floors up a fire escape to try to help the boy before firefighters arrived . Cretan could n't reach the youngster . But when firefighter Senk and his fellow battle blazers arrived on the scene , they sprung into action . Senk could n't use the fire escape . Too many apartment residents were using it to get out . "  When I looked up , " Senk said , "  I could see the boy 's arm sticking out the window . " But the window was blocked by a bunk bed . Senk could n't fit through the window . One of Senk 's fellow firefighters put him on a ladder and got him to a different window . But then the boy did something unexpected . He disappeared into the black smoke back inside his bedroom . "  What am I gon na do now ? " Senk recalled . "  I masked up and went in . " Senk says there was intense heat . The smoke was so thick that he could n't see a thing . He felt around for the boy with his hands . Senk found him near a doorway . In video that 's been aired repeatedly on local , national , and international TV , Senk is seen leaning out the window and handing the boy to Cretan . Senk says he knew the boy was n't in good shape . "  He was unconscious . The body was limp . He was foaming at the mouth . " "  I did n't think he was going to make it , " Senk added . Watch Senk talk about the rescue with CNN 's Susan Candiotti " He says he yelled to his team to get some oxygen . Then , thanks to the helping hand from Cretan , he went right back in . Senk said he had to . He remembered seeing that bunk bed . "  You see bunk beds ; you got ta figure there 's two kids in there , right ? " Meantime , Cretan said he was holding the boy . "  He was lifeless . I cleaned up his mouth and his nostrils , ' said Cretan . He pushed on his chest and he says the boy opened his eyes . ` Once he did that , I was happy , " said Cretan . Then , he carried the boy downstairs and into the waiting hands of firefighters . Senk did n't find anyone else inside the bedroom . When he eventually made it to the ground , his team patted him on the back . "  I said , ' I just hope that kid lived . And he -LSB- another firefighter -RSB- goes , ` He lived . ' He was talking before he left , ' " said Senk . "  It was just incredible . I could n't believe it because he was completely unconscious . " Cretan has been congratulated on several TV shows for his efforts , but he acknowledged the role firefighters played . "  Trust me . Firefighters are heroes , " Cretan said . Senk says such rescues are a team effort . "  It 's the greatest job in the world . You get to save lives every day , " he said .	Horia Cretan became a hero for carrying boy from burning building The other hero is firefighter Jimmy Senk , who went into the building Senk saw boy disappear back into the smoke , so "  I masked up and went in " "  I did n't think he was going to make it , " Senk said
CNN  In David Axelrod 's new book "  Believer : My Forty Years In Politics " , the top adviser to President Obama recounts a scene before the 2012 reelection campaign when the president composed his "  Bulworth " list of "  issues on which he felt he had been insufficiently forthright . " These are things "  I 'll want to work on in my second term , " the president told his top staffers , as one of them referenced the Warren Beatty movie Bulworth , in which a candidate goes on a reckless spree of truth-telling . "  Some of them may make you guys nervous . But Axe keeps saying I should be ` authentic . ' So maybe I should go out there and just let it rip . " Axelrod book : Obama lied on same-sex marriage In addition to revealing his actual position in favor of legal same-sex marriages , and working on immigration reform and to combat climate change , the president singled out the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , Axelrod wrote . Specifically , he wanted to be tougher on Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  From almost his first day in office ,  President Obama  had pushed the Israelis and Palestinians for a two-state solution , but his efforts , like those of presidents before him , had been run aground by the intractable politics of the Middle East . He was frustrated with both sides , but felt he had pulled his punches with Netanyahu to avoid antagonizing elements of the American Jewish community . " The Obama-Netanyahu tensions have exploded into public view in recent weeks , in this second Obama term , with the Israeli Prime Minister coming to speak to Congress to press legislators to pass a bill to impose more sanctions on Iran , contrary to the president 's desires . The president has said he wants to give diplomats time to come to a peaceful resolution to convince Iran to give up its nuclear weapons program . There have been harsh and accusatory back and forth quotes on the record and on background between the Obama and Netanyahu camps . Elsewhere in the book , Axelrod , who is Jewish , wrote that the president is a strong supporter of the Jewish state . Of the president 's trip to Israel as a presidential candidate in 2008 , Axelrod wrote that the "  visit would help quell the concerns of some American Jews , who feared that a black man with an Islamic-sounding name and a Farrakhan-hugging minister would not feel a sufficient bond with Israel . " Despite the presence of Axelrod and other Jews among the ranks of Obama senior advisers , "  the questions persisted . ' I know what he says about Israel , ' I was asked more than once by anxious Jews back home , ` but does he feel it in his kishkes ? ' Though the questions would persist into his presidency , on this trip , Barack more than passed the kishkes test . " More recent results of the kishkes test were unclear as of press time . Related : Netanyahu stands by plan to address Congress	New book from former top adviser to President Obama reveals the President wanted to be tougher on Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Obama "  felt he had pulled his punches with Netanyahu to avoid antagonizing elements of the American Jewish community , " David Axelrod writes in new book . Obama-Netanyahu tensions have exploded into public view in recent weeks , with Netanyahu coming to speak to Congress , contrary to Obama 's desires
Daytona Beach , Florida  CNN  -- It was never Milka Duno 's intention to become a race car driver , although her parents may have had an inkling when , as a 12-year-old , she took her mother 's Chevrolet on a joyride . The Venezuelan-born former model came to racing late , aged 24 , and since then , has become one of motorsport 's most prolific and versatile female drivers , racing all over the world at speeds often exceeding 200 miles per hour . In a sport dominated by men , she has more than one hundred races and eight major wins to her credit , including an overall win at road racing 's Miami Grand Prix in 2004 and a second-place finish in the 24 Hours of Daytona endurance race in 2007 . Road racing is a term used to describe types of motorsport which take place on purpose-built tarmac tracks . Now , Duno is determined to become the first Latin woman to compete in NASCAR , the major U.S. stock car racing series . Sponsors willing , she says she will compete in the NASCAR Nationwide series this year . A stock car is a car that 's customized for racing . There are few major league professional sports where men and women compete directly , and stock car racing is expensive , competitive and potentially lethal . Duno has already cracked a rib and a tooth this season , after a broadside hit from another car at full speed in an ARCA stock-car series race at Salem Speedway in Indiana . But , she tells CNN , "  I like the difficult challenge . Everything hard to get -- I like that . " Duno has driven a variety of cars during her career and has constantly had to master new skills -- but her love of learning is abundant . A former naval engineer , she has Master 's degrees in Organizational Development , Naval Architecture , Aquaculture and Maritime Business , and is currently also learning to pilot speedboats and helicopters . Here she shares with CNN the life lessons race car driving has taught her . Forget the competition and focus on your goal ... There are 42 other cars that want to win the race , too , and they have more experience than me , but it does n't matter . Do everything with determination and passion . When you feel clear about what you want , you have a high probability of being successful . Have confidence in your team ; have confidence in yourself ... Whether you are a race car driver or working as an engineer or in an office , you have to see what you want , and believe that you can do it . You have to have confidence in your team , and if you are working alone , you have to have confidence in yourself . If you have this mentality , you can get what you want in any area . Baidu boss : China helps women succeed at work Work as hard as it takes ... I did four Master 's degrees -- three simultaneously . I was in two universities at the same time . I started two  degrees during the day  and then one at night . It was crazy with all the books on the table . I 'd cry sometimes and say , ` How can I finish that ? ' And I would just calm down and start doing things little by little . It was my focus : All my energy went into my education at that time . Success relies on multiple factors ... It 's not only gas and brake like people think . You have to know so much about the car , check the computer for the latest information , give the right information to the engineer so he can make the right adjustment . In the end , you need so many things working right to win the race . Saudi female entrepreneurs exploit changing attitudes Gender does n't matter -- success does ... It does n't matter if you are a woman or a man . The important thing is your ability , your intelligence and your determination -- how strong you are . In racing , you have to drive the same fast car , you have to be good like the others . When you put the helmet on , it does n't matter if you are woman or man : your mission is to compete to win . Talk to your seniors as much as you can ... All the time , I 'm talking  to the crew chief  , because it 's the only way to learn -- from people that have more experience than you . Small improvements can equal big victories ... I always want a faster car . Always , we are looking for more and more and more . All the practice ... is just to find some tenth of a second .	Milka Duno has more than one hundred races and eight wins to her credit Venezuelan former model is a qualified naval engineer with four Master 's degrees She intends , this year , to become the first Hispanic woman to race in a NASCAR series Duno shares some of the lessons racing in the tough , competitive sport has taught her
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A 19-year-old Jordanian bent on committing "  violent jihad " was arrested Thursday after undercover FBI agents foiled his attempt to bomb an office tower in Dallas , Texas , authorities announced late Thursday . Authorities say a suspect tried to set off a bomb attached to a vehicle at the base of the Fountain Plaza tower . Federal officials said Hosam Maher Husein Smadi , who entered the U.S. illegally and lived in Texas , tried to set off an improvised explosive device attached to a vehicle at the base of the 60-story Fountain Plaza office tower . Counterterrorism officials arrested Smadi on Thursday before publicly disclosing a similar , but unrelated , terrorism sting arrest in Springfield , Illinois , Wednesday . A federal law enforcement official familiar with the cases said authorities feared word of the Illinois arrest could tip off the Texas suspect of an undercover sting operation . In a criminal complaint filed with Smadi 's arrest , counterterrorism officials said the suspect had been under "  continuous surveillance " because of oft-stated determination to inflict damage and death against the United States , which he deemed to be an enemy of Islam . "  The identification and apprehension of this defendant , who was acting alone , is a sobering reminder that there are people among us who want to do us grave harm , " said James Jacks , the top federal prosecutor in Dallas . After casing a Wells Fargo Bank in the office tower in July , Smadi told an undercover agent he would target the facility , according to authorities . Initially Smadi told the agent he wanted to conduct the bombing on September 11 , but decided to wait until Ramadan ended September 20 , authorities said . "  Unbeknownst to Smadi , the FBI ensured the -LSB- vehicle-borne IED -RSB- contained only an inert/inactive explosive device , which contained no explosive materials , " the Justice Department said in a written statement . Smadi will make his first court appearance before a federal magistrate judge in Dallas on Friday . The charge of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction carries a potential sentence of up to life in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . Justice Department officials said the Dallas case was unrelated to the similar FBI sting in Springfield , Illinois , a day earlier when FBI undercover agents foiled a plot to bomb that city 's federal building . In neither case did authorities find ties to known terrorist groups .	Authorities : Man , 19 , tried to set off bomb at the base of 60-story office tower Hosam Maher Husein Smadi arrested Thursday Authorities : FBI ensured device was n't explosive after learning of Smadi 's plans Smadi had revealed plans to an undercover FBI agent , authorities say
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania woman charged in the November slaying of a man she and her husband met through Craigslist has told a newspaper that she killed many more victims , and authorities told CNN Sunday they are investigating the woman 's shocking claims . A law enforcement source close to the investigation said Miranda Barbour 's new claims could be "  the real deal . " "  It 's conceivable , " the source said , who did not want to be identified because of the ongoing investigation . From prison on Friday , the 19-year-old Barbour told a reporter for the Daily Item in Sunbury , Pennsylvania , that she participated in at least 22 killings in the past six years in Alaska , Texas , North Carolina and California . "  When I hit 22 , I stopped counting , " Barbour is quoted as saying in a phone interview from Northumberland County Prison on Friday night . "  I can pinpoint on a map where you can find them . " Sunbury Police Chief Steve Mazzeo told CNN that investigators have been in contact with the FBI and law enforcement in some of the states where Barbour has lived . Police : Newlyweds lure man through Craigslist for thrill killing "  We investigate all leads just because that 's the proper protocol to follow through , " Mazzeo added . The FBI said it 's too early to say what its involvement may be in the case . "  The FBI 's Philadelphia Division has recently been in contact with the Sunbury Police Department regarding Miranda Barbour , and will offer any assistance requested in the case , " it said in a statement to CNN . Barbour told the newspaper she had her first experience with killing when she just 13 , shortly after she said she joined a satanic cult in Alaska . Authorities are looking closely at Barbour 's claims that she was involved in Satanism , according to another law enforcement source close to the investigation . Public defender Edward Greco , who is representing Barbour , told CNN he was not aware that his client was planning to give the interview . Barbour requested the interview that was recorded on audio at the Northumberland County Prison , according to the Daily Item . The reporter , Francis Scarcella , told CNN he was not allowed to bring in a notepad or any other recording device . He said police allowed him to listen to the interview after it was conducted . "  I feel it is time to get all of this out . I do n't care if people believe me . I just want to get it out , " Barbour is quoted as saying . Greco would not comment on the accuracy of Barbour 's claims . Investigators believe Barbour had Craigslist encounters with at least 30 men , according to a source close to the investigation . Police are trying to find those men , the source said . The father of Barbour 's 1-year-old child is deceased . Sunbury police have said his death is part of their investigation . Greco says the Craigslist case is still moving forward , and a trial date has not been set . Barbour and her husband , Elytte Barbour , 22 , face several charges including criminal homicide in that case . Both have pleaded not guilty . The Barbours are accused of luring Troy LaFerrara , 42 , through a "  companionship " ad on Craigslist , and stabbing and strangling him to death on November 11 , 2013 . The couple , married for only three weeks at the time of the slaying , just wanted to kill someone together , police said . They moved from North Carolina to Pennsylvania after they tied the knot . Elytte Barbour told police at the time that he and his wife had tried to kill others , but the plans did n't work out . "  I remember everything , " she told the Daily Item , adding the November killing was the couple 's first . "  It is like watching a movie . " After connecting on Craigslist and agreeing to have sex for $ 100 , according to her interview with the Daily Item , Miranda Barbour met LaFerrara at a mall parking lot and drove to Sunbury . She stabbed LaFerrara 20 times with a knife in the front seat of her red Honda CR-V while her husband tied a cable cord around his neck , police said . LaFerrara 's body was found in the backyard of a home in Sunbury , a small city about 100 miles northwest of Philadelphia , on November 12 . The last number dialed on his cell phone led police to the Barbours , according to authorities . Miranda Barbour told the Daily Item that she felt no remorse for her victims and said she killed only "  bad people . " "  If I were to be released , I would do this again , " Barbour is quoted as saying . Woman pleads guilty in case of pushing newlywed husband off cliff Two charged in slaying of Iraq war vet who wanted to shop through Craigslist Ohio man convicted for three murders in Craigslist job ad killings	Authorities tell CNN they are looking into Miranda Barbour 's claims She tells the Daily Item in Pennsylvania she has participated in at least 22 killings "  When I hit 22 , I stopped counting , " she is quoted as saying She and her husband are accused of luring a man and killing him in November
Atlanta  CNN  Investigators are focusing on Bobbi Kristina Brown 's boyfriend , Nick Gordon , as they try to determine how she ended up facedown in a tub of water , a source with knowledge of the case told CNN . In another development , a source close to her family told CNN that she has injuries that still need to be explained . The nature of those injuries was not disclosed . The daughter of musical superstar Whitney Houston , Bobbi Kristina was found facedown in a bathtub full of water in her Atlanta area home on January 31 . The 21-year-old was "  unresponsive , meaning not breathing , no heartbeat , " a Roswell police spokeswoman said at the time . Doctors have placed her in a medically induced coma , a source close to the family said soon after she was hospitalized . The status of her brain function wo n't be known until sedatives are reduced , the source said . A week after she was rushed to the hospital , details of her condition are scarce . Sources close to the family say she opened her eyes briefly on Monday and also suffered seizures that same day . It was not immediately clear what medical significance these reported events have in Brown 's case . As she fights for her life , more family members are coming to Atlanta to visit the legendary singer 's daughter . Her grandmother , Cissy Houston , mother of the late Whitney Houston , arrived at Emory University Hospital on Friday , a source close the family told CNN . Other family members , including Bobbi Kristina 's father , singer Bobby Brown , have been in Atlanta for days . She "  was not breathing " when Gordon and a friend , who has been identified as Maxwell Lomas , found her inside her townhouse in the Atlanta suburb of Roswell . They called 911 and performed CPR until emergency crews arrived and took over , police spokeswoman Lisa Holland said . Nobody knows what caused her unresponsiveness , Holland said , but police consider it a medical incident at this time . She said investigators had found nothing to indicate it was drug - or alcohol-related . Bobbi Kristina had said she was married to Gordon , but an attorney for her father said the two were never married . Meanwhile , the three-year anniversary of Whitney Houston 's death approaches . She was found dead in a bathtub at a hotel near Los Angeles on February 11 , 2012 , hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammy Awards party . A coroner ruled her death an accidental drowning , with heart disease and cocaine use listed as contributing factors . Bobbi Kristina is her only child .	Source : Bobbi Kristina Brown has injuries that still need to be explained The 21-year-old has been in a medically induced coma for a week
Barbara Walters ' pick for the most fascinating person of 2014 is interestingly a celebrity who shuns such a spotlight . On Sunday night Walters named Amal Clooney as the top selection for her annual list . The former Amal Alamuddin married Clooney , one of the world 's most eligible bachelors , in September . Already an accomplished international human rights attorney , the new Mrs. Clooney was not well known by the general public prior to being linked to the award-winning actor . "  I guess the question is : ` What does it take to fascinate one of the most fascinating men in the world ? ' " Walters said introducing Mrs. Clooney as the selection . "  She is known primarily through her spouse . And while we now little about her , we know a great deal about him . " Clooney had famously told Walters in a 1995 interview "  I 'm never going to get married again . " The word spread so successfully , Clooney told Walters in 2006 that he no longer had to tell women he dated that he planned on staying single . "  You did my work for me , " he told her . Snagging the perennial bachelor is what grasped the "  most fascinating " title for his wife . "  Amazingly , Amal has been the subject of very little snark or envy , " Walters said . "  Maybe because we , like George Clooney , find it impossible to resist perfection . Or maybe it is because it is heartening to think that no matter how long it may take the perfect someone is out there for everyone . " Taylor Swift , Michael Strahan , Chelsea Handler , Oprah Winfrey , Scarlett Johansson , Elon Musk , Neil Patrick Harris , George R.R. Martin and David Koch also made this year 's list .	Clooney topped the annual list Not much is known about her Taylor Swift and Michael Strahan also made the list
CNN  -- London 's The Shard has taken top honors in the annual Skyscraper Award from Hamburg-based building and construction data company Emporis . The awards , announced annually since 2000 , are chosen by an "  international jury of architecture experts " who select nominated buildings completed in the last year and are at least 100 meters tall , according to "  aesthetic and functional design criteria , " an Emporis spokesperson said in a statement . "  Construction of The Shard was complicated by the particularly tight site and therefore needed innovative planning , " said Emporis . "  This makes the result all the more impressive : a skyscraper that is recognized immediately and which is already considered London 's new emblem . " DC Tower 1 in Vienna , Austria , designed by Dominique Perrault Architecture , took second place . It was lauded for "  the contrasting way in which its facade is treated : three mirror-smooth sides are broken by a craggy , jagged fourth that gives the building a strength of expression and sense of solidity , despite its slim stature . " Third place went to the Sheraton Huzhou Hot Spring Resort , on Lake Tai near Shanghai , China . "  Its daring design is further accentuated by its illumination at night , which creates imposing reflections of the building in the lake , " said Emporis . That hotel became known as "  The Donut " after being featured in several media reports at the time of its completion . No North American buildings made the top 10 this year , while five European buildings were celebrated , the most since 2008 .	Emporis Skyscraper Award given to buildings completed in the last 12 months that are higher than 100 meters This year no North American buildings are acclaimed , despite winning in previous two years Panel of architecture experts award rankings according to aesthetic and functional design criteria
CNN  -- Rainstorms and flooding in southern China have killed at least 16 people and left hundreds of thousands homeless , according to state-run media . Residents in Rongcheng , southwest China 's Guangxi region on July 4 . Authorities had sent text messages to more than 1 million people to take precautions in southern China , the Xinhua news agency said Saturday . More than 400,000 residents total were forced from their homes in Fujian , Guangxi Zhuang , Hunan and Jiangxi . At least two people were missing in southeast Fujian Province after downpours that started Wednesday , according to the news agency . The financial damage caused by the rain and flooding -- including damaged homes and crops -- was estimated at $ 35.4 million . Destruction included a flooded reservoir and damaged dike in Luocheng County , where fears of a dam collapse forced evacuations . The storms also disrupted traffic , triggered landslides and cut electricity in various parts of southern China .	Storms disrupted traffic , triggered landslides , cut electricity across southern China Media : Authorities send precautionary text messages to more than 1 million people Financial damage caused by rain , flooding has been estimated at $ 35.4 million
CNN  -- A North Carolina woman will serve at least 14 years in prison after pleading guilty Thursday to second-degree murder in the death last year of her 10-year-old stepdaughter . As part of a plea agreement , Elisa Baker admitted killing Zahra Baker and attempting to thwart investigators by planting a fake ransom note at the family 's Hickory , North Carolina , home in October 2010 . Zahra 's body was dismembered and some of the remains were found a month later . The freckle-faced girl 's disappearance and search drew national attention . Zahra had lost part of her left leg at age 5 and lost hearing in both her ears while undergoing treatment for cancer . Dressed in a pink jail jumpsuit , Baker answered Judge Timothy Kincaid 's questions in a soft voice during her plea hearing Thursday . Kincaid advised her that she will face between 14 years , nine months , and 18 years , six months in prison . Kincaid had already agreed to move Baker 's murder trial out of Catawba County because of pretrial publicity in the case . The judge was supposed to announce Monday where the trial would be held , according to CNN affiliate WCNC , but that hearing was put on hold because of the pending plea deal . Baker also pleaded guilty to charges of obstruction of justice , bigamy , obtaining property by false pretenses and identity fraud . In the plea agreement she signed , and also under questioning Thursday , Baker admitted to several aggravating factors in the case , including "  a history and pattern of physical , verbal and psychological abuse of the victim . " Moreover , Baker said she "  secreted the victim from family and others " and "  desecrated the victim 's body to hinder detection , " hampering the police investigation as a result . She also accepted statutory aggravating factors , namely that "  the victim was very young , physically infirm or handicapped " and that "  the defendant took advantage of a position of trust or confidence ... to commit the offense . " A call placed Thursday to Baker 's court-appointed attorney was not immediately returned . District Attorney James Gaither Jr. , whose district includes Burke , Caldwell and Catawba counties , told CNN he "  absolutely " feels that justice was served , while adding that he wished "  the law and the facts were more favorable to the state . " Gaither said it was unexpected when Elisa Baker chose to cooperate with authorities on a case that caused "  confusion and outrage and real frustration " in the North Carolina community . In a statement , he said that he agreed to the plea deal to avoid "  the risk ... that Elisa Baker would avoid responsibility for her part in the death of Zahra . " "  The probability was that without her cooperation , law enforcement would not locate Zahra 's body , " Gaither said . "  The probability of a successful prosecution for first-degree murder was likewise very unlikely . " The district attorney said he had consulted with Emily Dietrich , the late girl 's biological mother who lives in Australia . He said she was "  pleased and satisfied " with the case 's conclusion . Court documents in the case show that Baker told authorities Zahra was killed two weeks before she was reported missing . Authorities found the fake ransom note at the home . One criminal investigator testified at Thursday 's hearing that Baker told authorities she found Zahra not breathing on September 24 , 2010 , according to WCNC . Investigations have no "  credible evidence " to suggest that anyone other than Elisa Baker was involved in Zahra 's death , Gaither said in February . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : The DA says justice "  absolutely " was served in this case with the plea deal NEW : The victim 's biological mother is "  pleased and satisfied " with the result , he says Elisa Baker admits to second-degree murder , abusing the girl and descrecating her body She will spend between 14 and 18 years in prison , judge says
CNN  -- Arsenio Hall made history in the early '90s as the first national African-American late night TV talk show host . Aimed at a hip , young demographic , "  The Arsenio Hall Show " was famous for its trademark "  woof woof " audience chant and never-know-who-might-stop-by guest list . The show ran from 1989 to 1994 and boasted memorable moments , some of which have become a part of pop culture lore : Bill Clinton playing the saxophone during the '92 campaign ; Magic Johnson 's first interview after being diagnosed with HIV ; and Hall 's tense show the night the Los Angeles riots broke out . On Monday , nearly 20 years after his original run , the 57-year-old entertainer heads back to TV with a new show , "  Arsenio . " Where has he been ? How will he carve out his own niche in a very crowed late night field that includes Leno , Fallon , Letterman , Kimmel and Stewart ? To paraphrase a certain someone , "  These are the things that make us go ` hmm . ' " CNN caught up with Hall at Hollywood 's Sunset Bronson Studios on the set of the new show and got the inside scoop on his big return . CNN : What have you been up to since we last saw you on late-night TV ? Arsenio Hall : I have been working hard in just a different element of life , trying to balance my own and do some things that are beyond show business and beyond rooms and  studio  lots like this . I left this business for something I did n't even know I was seeking . I just knew it was n't in my schedule from sun up to sun down in Hollywood . I left the show for probably balancing my life -- I wanted my relationships to be different . I wanted to be with my family and my woman . It was a point where I felt I do n't want to leave this earth without a kid . There were a lot of things going on ... I want to do all those things that I wish my dad could have done with me . My mom and my dad worked very hard when I was young ; I was a latch-key kid . I not only wanted to have a kid ; I wanted to do it a certain way . Once more , with feeling : Where are the women in late-night TV ? CNN : How will your new show be different from your late-night competitors ? Hall : The good thing about the second time around , there are people who know me , and those 35-year-olds can tell their children , but I 'm about to jump back into the culture and I 'm the same Arsenio and I just give a different persona to a late-night talk show . Some will love it , some will hate it . But you look for people to choose you because of the questions you ask , because of the bookings you have , because of the comedy you do ... You 're choosing what you want people to do with your public figures , your celebrities , your pop and hop stars . And everybody kind of knows what I do and how I do it , and I hope some people will join me for some nights . CNN : Who 's on your wish list for guests ? Hall : First of all , it 's been very complicated booking the first show because I had to decide what I wanted it to be . On that show , I just want a fun return , a party . I just want laughter . No clips , no agendas , just friends and fun . And then the second night on , I 'll start to decide whether I need to talk to Chris Brown and whether I can have that kind of interview . One of my dream guests , one of my dream shows , I do n't have to do this , it 's been done . When I was home , it was these kinds of things that drove me crazy and made me tell my son , is it time for daddy to go back to work yet , every week ? I was watching Letterman , and he took his whole show on the roof of the Ed Sullivan Theater with Eminem and Jay-Z . Is that a show ? Lord have mercy , that 's the kind of TV I like . CNN : Will President Obama be stopping by ? Hall : I do n't want to be arrogant , so I 'll give you the right answer . I will invite him , but he 's done a lot in late night . I got ta get real creative to figure out what to do . He 's slow-jammed the news , his wife 's done the ` Dougie . ' Maybe I 'll go back to basics , maybe I just do a straight interview . But the bottom line , yeah , he 'll be invited . CNN : Any other dream guests ? Hall : I called  Bill Clinton  and I said , do n't get nervous , I 'm not asking a favor from you . But would your wife come out with a saxophone ? That would be a move . If I walk out and then say , ooh one minute , grab a hand , and it 's Hillary with a saxophone , it 's on . Because that 's also a special statement if she do n't say nothing ... You know Hillary ai n't gon na walk out with no saxophone . She might , but I said Bill Clinton would n't put on my sunglasses and play an Elvis tune and wear my tie and bring his wife and let her join him , and he said yes to all of that . So sometimes I 've learned , ask . CNN : On your old show , you were n't afraid to tear up the script and get serious when the news of the day was serious -- for instance , the night the 1992 L.A. riots broke out . Will that be the case on the new show ? Hall : I 'm a stand-up comic doing a late-night talk show . But what I like to do in moments like that is bring in a person like Stevie Wonder as the musical guest , and you let Stevie do a number , but you know when we put Stevie on the couch , he 'll give us a respectable response to that kind of situation ... I 'm sure people , they want to be put to bed with a smile , but they also want me to touch on things that are going on . I 'm not bright enough to handle it but there are plenty of guests who can . CNN : You 've been off the air for nearly 20 years . How do you introduce yourself to a young audience that 's never seen the original show ? Hall : After I knew I was coming back and Tribune and CBS syndication had said yes it 's a go , I immediately started going on everything . I even wrote an article for Newsweek on fatherhood . I went on Tosh , I went on Chelsea  Handler  , I went on Leno about 47 times , I went on Bill Maher 's HBO show and did a segment on the 20th anniversary of the riots by the way . I tried to get my face out there and doing everything . When  Access Hollywood host  Billy Bush would take a vacation , I would call  Access Hollywood host  Kit Hoover and say y' all mind if I sit in for Billy ? And I 'll call Billy and say , if y' all cool with it . I was doing everything I could to get my face out and to show this town that I 'm still a viable talking head in late night . CNN : Why come back now ? Hall : It starts with your 13-year-old asking you to drop him off about five blocks from the movie theaters or the party he 's going to . There 's a certain point where you realize you can moonwalk away from fatherhood just a little bit . And I sat down and had a conversation with him . Because part of raising a kid -- to be a man , you have to see a man -- and part of raising a kid is to show him the other side of it too . I love fatherhood . I really love being a dad . But like last night , I fell asleep before he did with the remote in my hand . That 's what a young man needs to see too . Hard work , tired .	Arsenio Hall will return with a new show on Monday He said he left the business to make more time for family He gives some insight as to who he wants as guests
CNN  -- The stock market crashed . Wall Street panicked . People stashed silver and gold under mattresses while businesses shut doors across America . People in Detroit , Michigan , line up for food at the Capuchin Soup Kitchen . We 're talking , of course , about the Great Depression ... of 1873 . That 's the event that Scott Reynolds Nelson cites when asked to give an historical perspective on today 's sputtering economy . The historian says the economic panic of 1873 started with the same toxic mix as today 's crisis : risky mortgages , a stock market dive and the use of complex financial instruments that few understood . "  Until 1929 , when people used the word -LSB- s -RSB- Great Depression they referred to 1873 , " says Nelson , a professor of history at the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg , Virginia . "  That was a worldwide international depression that started with the banks . That 's what we 're seeing now . This looks like 1873 . " The nation 's economic crisis is not only causing people to look more closely at their 401  k  account statements . They 're also turning to their history books . Politicians and commentators routinely invoke the Great Depression and other historical events to describe today 's economic crisis . Watch the debate over ` Depression ' talk " But how fair is that historical analogy ? Why Great Depression comparisons may be unfair James Kolari , an economist at Texas A&M University , says the nation experienced two "  rough " recessions in the mid-1970s and the early 1980s . A recession is generally defined as a decline in the Gross Domestic Product for two or more consecutive quarters . He says it 's not fair to compare the current economic crisis to the Great Depression , because the federal government was far more passive in the 1920s . "  We let 15,000 out of 30,000 banks fail , " he says . "  Government efforts to jump-start the economy were slow and relatively weak until President -LSB- Franklin -RSB- Roosevelt came along with the New Deal . " Kolari says people can learn more by looking at Japan . He says the U.S. economy is facing the same crisis as Japan in the 1990s when the Japanese economy collapsed from a real estate bubble and never fully recovered . "  The Japanese government moved too slowly and not aggressively enough , " he says . "  The problems festered . " David George , a professor of economics at La Salle University in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , says the federal government better protects ordinary people from financial ruin today than during the first stages of the Great Depression . Today we reap the benefits of policies created during that era , George says . Roosevelt helped create New Deal legislation to insure bank deposits and enacted other modern relief efforts like unemployment compensation to help those in distress . "  By any measure , incomes were lower then than now , and the worst imaginable loss of output today would still keep the nation well above where we were back then , " George says . Marjorye Heeney is not an economist , but she definitely knows something about the Great Depression . Heeney , 83 , grew up on an Oklahoma farm during the Great Depression and lived through the 1930s Dust Bowl storms . For much of that decade , "  black blizzards " -- formed by a prolonged drought and poor farming techniques -- ravaged the southern Plains . Heeney , who now lives in Topeka , Kansas , snorted when told that today 's conditions remind some of the Great Depression . During the Depression , crops failed , and few had a job , car or clothes , she says . "  Everyone had one nail for themselves in the clothes closet , " Henney says . Henney says the Great Depression toughened people up . People grew and canned their own food , sewed their own clothes and learned how to make possessions last . "  No one really came from wealth , and nothing was easy , " she says . "  But people got by because they had a wonderful spirit of survival . We 're not as gutsy . I do n't know if we have that today . " Why this economic period is still frightening Victor Matheson , an economist at the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester , Massachusetts , says the nation 's most recent recession was the dot-com bust , which hit around March of 2001 . "  This recession has already eclipsed the dot-com bust in every fashion , " he says . "  During that time , the GDP did not fall much , and unemployment did not rise much . " Matheson offers one bit of good news , though . He says today 's unemployment rate is not as bad as in previous eras . The unemployment rate reached 10.8 percent during the early 1980s and 25 percent during the Great Depression , he says . Yet Matheson says there is an ominous feature to the current situation : The Federal Reserve has already lowered interest rates as far as they can go , to around zero percent , but the recession marches on . The current recession is so "  scary " that Matheson says he has reversed his attitude on Obama 's $ 787 billion stimulus plan . He once opposed it but now supports it because he ca n't think of anything that might work better . He says the economy will not bounce back on its own anytime soon "  You got ta go with what you got , " he says . "  The Federal Reserve has loosed all of its cannons , and it has nothing left . Now we 're down to fiscal policy . " Nelson , the historian who has studied the panic of 1873 , says today 's economy might even be worse than the American economy in 1873 . "  This is a perfect storm : banks failing , stock markets declining and commodity prices dropping , " Nelson says . Nelson says it took America four years to recover from the 1873 panic . Tens of thousands of workers -- many Civil War veterans -- became homeless . Thousands lined up for food and shelter in major cities . The Gilded Age , where wealth was concentrated in the hands of a few "  robber barons like John D. Rockefeller , " followed the panic . America , of course , pulled out of the panic . Nelson is just not quite sure how the nation is going to do it now . His ultimate assessment of today 's economy is blunt : "  It looks grim . "	Is it fair to invoke Great Depression ? Some economists say comparison overblown Nation had another Great Depression few remember , scholar says Depression survivor : "  People had a wonderful spirit of survival "
CNN  -- A 2-year-old Chinese girl -- who was ignored after being hit by two cars last week , later sparking a fierce debate about the state of China 's morals -- has died , a nurse at a military hospital said . Wang Yue died about 12:32 a.m. Friday , according to officials at the Guangzhou Military Hospital , in Guangzhou . "  Her little life has left this world , " said Su Lei , director of intensive care unit at the hospital . "  We feel deep pain and shame as everybody does . " Video captured by a nearby security camera showed a pair of drivers , one after the other , hitting Yue , in Foshan in Guangdong Province . More than a dozen people walked , cycled or drove past the toddler as she lay bleeding in a busy market . The girl was eventually rescued by a 58-year-old scavenger , who pulled her aside and tried to get help . The toddler 's mother , Qu Feifei , later said her daughter was in critical condition at a hospital , with her brain showing little activity despite earlier subtle movements in her lower body . The video footage sparked a global outcry about the state of morality in China 's fast-changing society . That included generating a flurry of activity on Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , and spurring a "  Stop Apathy " online campaign . Two government offices in Guangdong province , where the hit-and-run occurred , offered the Good Samaritan , identified as Chen Xianmei , a total of 20,000 yuan  US $ 3,135  , according to state-run Xinhua news agency . The young girl 's mother has said she did not understand the behavior of the passersby , but wanted to focus on the positive . "  Granny Chen represents the best of human nature , " she said of her daughter 's rescuer . "  It 's the nicest and most natural side of us . " On Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , the story was the No. 1 topic this week , at one point generating more than 4.5 million posts along with a "  stop apathy " online campaign . As the outrage over morality continued , a steady procession of well-wishers pours in , offering gifts , money and support to the toddler 's family . CNN 's Xiaoni Chen and Haolan Hong contributed to this report .	New : "  We feel deep pain and shame as everybody does , " a hospital says Two hit-and-run drivers seriously injured the girl last week Video showed more than a dozen people passing by the 2-year-old Her story spurred intense debate about morals in Chinese society
CNN  -- An 18-year-old Florida student is set to return to class Wednesday after he says he was suspended when school officials learned of his pornographic online photos and videos . Robert Marucci , a senior at Cocoa High School in Cocoa , Florida , told CNN affiliate WKMG that he picked up his X-rated gig to help his mom pay the bills . His mom , Melyssa Lieb , said when students discovered the explicit material online , her son became a target . "  He was bullied , he was threatened . " Then , according to Lieb , her son was suspended , because the principal did n't approve of his after-school activities . Lieb told CNN affiliate WPLG , "  I think that it is Dr.  Stephanie  Soliven 's morals and her personal beliefs and I do n't think that this is anybody 's business except for my son 's . The children at the school found  the porn  , and she did n't do anything to stop it . " According to WPLG , Lieb said the principal told her , "  He was expelled due to his explicit lifestyle career . " Brevard County Schools spokeswoman Michelle Irwin disputed the mother 's account , saying that although a campus monitor overheard the chatter surrounding Marucci and his work , Marucci was n't suspended as a result of his explicit videos . Instead he was suspended because of an investigation of the teen and "  possible threats " he made , she said . Irwin told CNN Tuesday that Soliven , the principal , never had a conversation with Marucci 's mother indicating her disapproval of his lifestyle and only offered resources to the teen in support of his "  alternative lifestyle . " After a four-day suspension , school administrators cleared Marucci of any suspicion Monday , and he will be allowed to return to school Wednesday , according to Irwin . Irwin also said that she was n't aware of any bullying of Marucci and that the student never filed any formal bullying complaints . Irwin told CNN that the school district would never suspend a student for any legal career they pursue outside of school hours , saying if Marucci was "  a drug dealer for instance , that would be a different story . " A Facebook group created in support of Marucci has a little more than 500 members . Dozens of students were involved in a walkout on Friday , protesting the teen 's suspension . CNN 's calls to Robert Marucci 's home and the website for which he works were not returned . Young adult books and sex A lover and a fighter : The life of a porn star Porn stars use Twitter to go mainstream Linda Lovelace : Inside the life of the ` Deep Throat ' star	Robert Marucci was suspended from school after his X-rated videos were found Marucci , 18 , says he took the job to help pay bills at home Marucci was suspended because of threats , not videos , school district says Teen was threatened when other students found videos , his mother says
CNN  -- A small group of salt-and-pepper haired women who live outside Jackson , Mississippi , meet every other Tuesday at the local antique store for their M.E.N.S.A. gathering . The Most Exclusive National Shopping Association has met consistently for the past three years , but some of its members have been close for more than 50 . Margaret Collins Jenkins , 58 , is president . Nita Gilmore is treasurer . Ouida Muffuletto is secretary . It 's her job to read the minutes of the meeting and take notes . The women came up with the M.E.N.S.A. acronym years ago by throwing around words until something fit . After shopping , when the meeting ends , the 10-15 member group goes to dinner . Though Jenkins says the group laughs and carries on , this is more than just a club . These women work to preserve the friendships they 've cultivated over a lifetime . "  Having friends that extend over decades , they more or less know your history . They know your ins and outs and ups and downs of your life , " Jenkins said . "  That just makes us be able to build each other up . Those friends that know your history , they ca n't be replaced . " The group 's shared experiences are what sustain them through life changes like child rearing , divorce and death . And they 're key elements to building a sense of community and a healthy lifestyle , experts say . Dr. James House , from the University of Michigan , has researched the health benefits of meaningful relationships . He says a lack of social interactions is predictive of poor health and earlier death for most people . House contends that keeping in contact with others is likely to regulate a person 's own behaviors so that it becomes harder to slip into poor health habits . The M.E.N.S.A. ladies strive to stay active and connected . One snapshot can convey decades of camaraderie : That weekend trip to New Orleans . Those painting sessions , loosely referred to as art lessons . Christmas spent dressed as elves . This particular set of Southern belles did n't meet on Facebook . Their connections to each other happened over time . Some of the women work together as teachers ; others go to the same church . A few are neighbors . Sherry Downs , 57 , says she relies on her closest friends to carry her through life 's twists and turns , big and small . "  We confide in each other about everything and we value each others ' opinions , " Downs says . "  I just about wo n't take a step without asking one of them , ` Which way do I go ? ' " Jenkins , a school teacher who moved into the community nearly 40 years ago , says she 's been able to rely on her longtime confidants during the darkest periods of her life . "  I went through a divorce . They were there , so sturdy and so dependable in every way , " she says . "  Did they stop including me in the group ? No . They included me and made a special effort to make me not feel like the third wheel . I never was left out . They supported me not only in words but in their actions . " As we age , we begin to feel liberated from past patterns and habits , says Rebecca G. Adams , a sociology and gerontology professor and expert on friendship at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro . Markers of aging , such as retirement or widowhood , trigger a period of transition , change and redirection . After raising children and devoting time to building careers , Adams says , there is a reinvestment in what one feels is important , such as dear friendships . "  Like anything you do in life , it requires work , " Jenkins says . "  A lot of people I think wonder why they do n't have those kinds of friends , and it 's because it takes work . " Like CNN Living on Facebook	Experts say close friendships are good for maintaining routines and physical health A group of Mississippi women who call themselves M.E.N.S.A. have stayed close for decades They see one another through life 's trials and tribulations and serve as a sounding board Margaret Collins Jenkins , one of the pals , says staying close is n't easy but it 's worthwhile
New Delhi , India  CNN  Police have arrested four employees of a popular Indian ethnic-wear chain after a minister spotted a security camera overlooking the changing room of one of its stores . Federal education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in the tourist resort state of Goa on Friday when she discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room , police said . Four employees of the store have been arrested , but its manager -- herself a woman -- was still at large Saturday , said Goa police superintendent Kartik Kashyap . State authorities launched their investigation right after Irani levied her accusation . They found an overhead camera that the minister had spotted and determined that it was indeed able to take photos of customers using the store 's changing room , according to Kashyap . After the incident , authorities sealed off the store and summoned six top officials from FabIndia , he said . The arrested staff have been charged with voyeurism and breach of privacy , according to the police . If convicted , they could spend up to three years in jail , Kashyap said . Officials from FabIndia -- which sells ethnic garments , fabrics and other products -- are heading to Goa to work with investigators , according to the company . "  FabIndia is deeply concerned and shocked at this allegation , " the company said in a statement . "  We are in the process of investigating this internally and will be cooperating fully with the police . "	Federal education minister Smriti Irani visited a FabIndia store in Goa , saw cameras Authorities discovered the cameras could capture photos from the store 's changing room The four store workers arrested could spend 3 years each in prison if convicted
CNN  Saudi Arabia is leading a military campaign against Shiite rebels in Yemen , bringing the wider region directly into a complex conflict that has festered for months . The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government , a key U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda , which was kicked out of the capital by the rebels earlier this year . "  Having Yemen fail can not be option for us or for our coalition partners , " said Adel al-Jubeir , the Saudi ambassador to the United States , referring to the other nations in the region supporting the campaign . Here are answers to key questions about the escalating conflict in Yemen . Analysts say it can be summed up in one word : Iran . The Saudis "  perceive this as a threat from the Iranians , " said CNN military analyst Lt. Col. Rick Francona . "  They look at the Houthis as nothing more than a proxy Iranian force , just like we can look at Hezbollah as a proxy Iranian force in southern Lebanon . " Analysts say that Shiite-majority Iran and Sunni-dominated Saudi Arabia are locked in a strategic contest for influence across the Middle East . Now , the epic chess match has spread into Yemen , Saudi Arabia 's southern neighbor . "  What they do not want is an Iranian-run state on their southern border , because they already feel they 've got enough problems on their northern border , " said Francona , a retired U.S. Air Force intelligence officer . Iran , northeast of Saudi Arabia , is considered to exercise powerful influence within the regime of President Bashar al-Assad in war-torn Syria and within the Shiite-led Iraqi government . The Saudis and other Gulf nations appeared to make an implicit reference to Iran in a statement about the start of the military campaign , describing the Houthi militias as "  backed by regional powers " that are aiming for "  hegemony " in Yemen . The Iranian government , for its part , condemned the offensive , calling for an immediate halt to Saudi-led airstrikes , state media reported . The chaos in Yemen appeared to be careering toward a full-blown civil war . The Houthis , whose power base is in northern Yemen , started protests against the central government in the capital , Sanaa , last summer . But they stepped up their campaign in September , seizing multiple government buildings . Attempts to strike political deals between the two sides had no effect , and the Houthis pushed into other areas of the country . The crisis intensified in January , when the Houthis displayed their clout by storming the presidential palace and putting President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi under house arrest . Hadi escaped to the southern city of Aden in February and declared that he remained the legitimate president . Since then , Hadi 's supporters have repeatedly clashed with the Houthis and their allies , prompting the United Nations to warn of an impending civil war . The Houthis also have support from forces loyal to Hadi 's predecessor , former President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who resigned in 2012 after months of Arab Spring-inspired protests . The deepening chaos has led many governments to pull embassy staff out of Sanaa . The United States recently withdrew its remaining special forces in Yemen , dealing a blow to counterterrorism efforts in the country . Rebel forces captured parts of Aden and a nearby airbase Wednesday . Early Thursday , the Saudi-led strikes began . The airstrikes appear to be only the start of the campaign . Saudi Arabia has also pledged 150,000 soldiers to the coalition that 's intervening in Yemen , the Saudi-owned Al-Arabiya TV network reported Thursday , raising the possibility of a ground offensive . "  The airstrikes will be the kickoff of the campaign , " Francona said "  They 'll want to knock down the air defenses and create a corridor with which they can move their troops in there . " It was n't immediately clear if other nations in the coalition were offering any ground troops . A ground offensive is n't a decision that Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud would take lightly . "  Saudi Arabia , all these years , has avoided sending troops into Yemen . It 's a quagmire for the Saudis , " CNN intelligence and security analyst Bob Baer said in January . Beyond the military campaign , the Saudis and their allies say they want to find a political solution for the violence-plagued nation . The aim is to bring back Yemen 's "  security and stability through establishing a political process , " said a statement from Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , Qatar and Kuwait . Al-Jubeir , the Saudi ambassador to the United States , said American forces are not involved in the airstrikes . But Francona said he thought the United States most likely assisted with information needed to pick out targets . "  The Saudis do n't have the intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance capability to determine all of these targets , " he said . "  They 've had to have had some help , and I think it probably came from us . " Arab and senior Obama administration officials tell CNN that an interagency U.S. coordination team is in Saudi Arabia . The sources said the Saudis have not specified what they want yet , but will probably ask for American air support , satellite imagery and other intelligence . "  We can help with logistics and intelligence and things like that , but there will be no military intervention by the U.S. , " a senior administration official said . A Saudi adviser told CNN that 10 countries are involved in the coalition : Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , Qatar , Kuwait , Jordan , Egypt , Morocco , Pakistan and Sudan . But it was unclear how many of those countries other than Saudi Arabia were taking an active military role . The Saudi adviser told CNN that the UAE , Bahrain , Kuwait and Qatar had contributed fighter planes to the operations . It brings another disturbing angle to the conflict . Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , considered by U.S. officials to be the most dangerous branch of the terrorist network . The Sunni Muslim extremist group , also known as AQAP , has taken advantage of Yemen 's weak government to plan and launch terrorist attacks against the West . Operating from its heartland in central Yemen , it considers both the Shiite Houthis and the pro-U.S. Yemeni government as its foes . Houthi forces have clashed with AQAP and its allies in central Yemen . And bomb attacks have repeatedly hit Shiite gatherings in the capital . There are also concerns about ISIS ' growing influence in Yemen . The Sunni militant group that controls large areas of Iraq and Syria claimed responsibility for attacks on Shiite mosques in Sanaa that killed more than 130 people this month . AQAP and ISIS looked set to be "  the big winners " from the deepening chaos in Yemen , CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said Wednesday before news of the Saudi airstrikes emerged . But the big question now is whether the Saudi-led coalition will take any action against the Sunni terrorist groups . CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	Saudi Arabia sees Houthi rebels in Yemen as a proxy for Iran , analysts say The Saudis act as Yemen teeters on the brink of civil war
The Federal Communications Commission voted 3-2 Thursday to consider lifting its ban on in-flight cell phone use . On the same day , the federal Department of Transportation and three members of Congress took steps to block those calls . Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx said in a statement to CNN that he is looking into the possibility of banning in-flight calls , citing its aviation consumer protection authority . The DOT will determine whether allowing calls is "  fair to consumers . " Many people consider the idea of cell phone conversations annoying in the close confines of a plane , and some are casting it as a consumer rights issue . "  Over the past few weeks , we have heard of concerns raised by airlines , travelers , flight attendants , members of Congress and others who are all troubled over the idea of passengers talking on cell phones in flight -- and I am concerned about this possibility , as well , " Foxx said . Meanwhile , Senator Dianne Feinstein  D-California  and Senator Lamar Alexander  R-Tennessee  introduced legislation on Thursday to ban cell phone conversations on commercial airline flights . House Rep. Bill Shuster ,  R-Pennsylvania  has also introduced a bill that would prohibit in-flight voice communications but allow text messaging . Those actions come as the FCC considers whether it should lift its decades-old ban on cell phones on aircraft . Are the two government entities working at cross purposes ? Perhaps . But each cites its individual and independent mandates . The FCC has banned in-flight calls for technical reasons . But new technology has made that ban obsolete , the commission says , and there 's no reason to continue it . The DOT , which includes the Federal Aviation Administration , is entrusted with safe air travel , but also with protecting the rights of air travelers . Phones on a plane : To talk or not to talk ? The FCC has been pelted with criticism in the last several weeks after the commission 's new chairman made the announcement . "  I 'm the last person in the world who wants to listen to someone talking to me while I fly across the country , " FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler -- who proposed the change -- told a congressional panel Thursday . "  But we are the technical agency , and we will make the rules for the way the new technology works . " The current requirement that cell phones may not be used in-flight would actually be expanded to include all bands , said Wheeler , unless airlines install new on-board equipment that prevents interference with terrestrial networks . "  The proposal would not require airlines to either install such equipment , or to offer mobile wireless services aboard their aircraft " he said . "  Airlines would be free , within the confines of the rules of the Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  and Department of Transportation  DOT  , to make their own decisions . We simply propose that because new technology makes the old rule obsolete the FCC should get government out from between airlines and their passengers . " Your view : Would allowing cell phones on flights open Pandora 's chatterbox ? "  If we move beyond what we do here today and actually update our rules to allow voice calls on planes we can see a future where our quiet time is monetized and seating in the silent section comes at a premium , " said FCC commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel , who voted in favor of the proposal . The Association of Flight Attendants , a union that has been leading a campaign against cell phone calls in-flight , promised to continue lobbying against the proposal . "  As the last line of defense in our nation 's aviation system , flight attendants understand the importance of maintaining a calm cabin environment , and passengers agree , " said AFA president Veda Shook , in a statement . A Quinnipiac University poll released Wednesday indicates most Americans want silence when they fly , with 59 % saying they do n't want the use of cell phones on airplanes and only 30 % saying they are in favor of lifting the ban . A mute button is also a strong option among those polled . Even a majority of tech-reliant younger respondents , ages 18 to 29 , are against using phones on planes -- 52 % opposed to 39 % in favor . The FCC is taking public input on the proposal , and an agency statement says officials will consider consumer and stakeholder opinion before taking any final action . The agency offers more information on its website , including a Frequently Asked Questions  FAQ  and a means of filing comments online . Rep. Shuster told CNN that crying babies and snoozing adults cause enough commotion on flights , and cell phone calls will only make matters worse . "  Tap , do n't talk , " Shuster said . Opinion : Phone calls on planes ? Please , no ! What do you think of people using cell phones on airplanes ? Please share your thoughts in the comments below or email us at CNNTravel@turner.com .	The FCC may allow cell phone usage on airplanes Another federal government agency might ban their use in aircraft A new poll shows most people are against the proposal Texting , not talking , is the way to go , says one member of Congress
Colorado state Rep. Tony Exum thought he was being punked . The voice on the other end of the line claimed to be Vice President Joe Biden . It said it wanted to underscore the broader national importance of the heated gun control policy debate raging in Colorado . "  He asked me if the gun control laws we were debating had a chance of being passed , and I told him I thought it did . He talked about what gun control laws would mean and the difficulty of getting those passed in the country , " Exum , a Democrat , said of the call he received from Biden last month . "  At first I thought it was a prank call . " The brief exchange between Exum -- who represents a small section of southeast Colorado Springs where he once responded to shootings as a firefighter -- and the vice president , who heads up the Obama administration 's gun control reform efforts , was n't a chance encounter . Calls to state lawmakers by the vice president are "  unusual , " but not necessarily a bad thing , said Daniel Webster , director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research . "  It 's clear that the administration has placed gun violence prevention near the top of its agenda , " Webster said . "  States passing stronger gun laws builds momentum for change in other states and at the federal level . Colorado is an important state not only because it has experienced two of the most high-profile and deadliest mass shootings , but because it is a purple state with a lot of gun owners . " A shooting at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , last July killed 12 people and injured 58 . In April 1999 , two students at Columbine High School in Littleton , Colorado , killed 13 and wounded 23 others before killing themselves . Forget about ` political survival ' in gun debate , Biden says The state battles are important because the administration needs to send a signal back to Washington that the gun laws the White House supports need not have negative political consequences , gun policy experts say . Having the vice president reach out to local lawmakers "  may provide cover for some states that are passing these types laws so that there is some national conversation on this , " said economist and pro-gun advocate John Lott . In many ways , Colorado is ground zero for states ' battles over gun control policy . As the nation awaits congressional action on a slate of gun control measures ranging from an assault weapons ban to expanded background checks , many states have taken matters into their own hands . "  Some very pro-gun states are passing legislation that says , in essence , we wo n't follow certain federal laws , " Webster said . From Second Amendment to assault weapons ban : A look at U.S. gun laws There are more than 1,000 gun policy bills pending in the nation 's state legislatures , according to an analysis by the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence . The measures run the gamut from assault weapons bans and expanded background checks to proposals allowing guns in schools and in churches . More than half of the nation 's state legislatures have had measures introduced that aim to nullify the effect of any federal ban on firearms , assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition magazines , according to data collected by the he National Conference of State Legislatures . For example , on January 21 , Mississippi lawmakers introduced nearly a dozen such proposals . All of the measures failed , most of them in committee . Most of these types of proposals hit state legislatures within days of the White House 's January announcement of 23 executive actions on gun control and the introduction by California Democrat Sen. Dianne Feinstein of a proposed ban of some assault rifles and semi-automatic weapons . "  The bluest states are being aggressive -- New York with the broadest prohibitions relevant to the mentally ill and lowest maximum ammunition capacity and broadest assault weapon ban , " Webster said . Biden traveled to a gun policy conference in Connecticut last month in the aftermath of December 's Newtown school shootings , to underscore the administration 's push for tougher laws as the state considers a broad set of gun control bills . Similar efforts are under way in New Jersey . Gun violence plans : What 's in the works Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley has spent tremendous political capital in his effort to enact several pieces of gun control legislation including stricter handgun purchaser licensing , banning the sale of assault weapons and ammunition-feeding devices with a capacity of more than 10 rounds , and expanded prohibitions for the dangerously mentally ill . Across the country in California , state lawmakers are considering measures that would expand the categories of high-risk people who can not legally purchase or possess firearms -- including repeat drug and drunk driving offenders and people who violate domestic violence restraining orders . The debate has been especially heated in Colorado , where memories of Aurora and Columbine run deep . On Monday , a small plane flew above the Colorado Capitol building pulling a banner that advised Gov. John Hickenlooper , "  Hick : Do not take our guns . " Opponents packed the Capitol 's halls and honked horns in the parking lot . LaPierre says gun owners are ready to ` stand and fight ' Inside the statehouse , Mark Kelly -- the husband of former U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , the Democratic congresswoman who was shot while meeting with constituents in Arizona in January 2011 -- stressed the importance of universal background checks . Like Congress , the Colorado state legislature is considering a package of gun control legislation designed to broaden background checks to include private sales and limit the size of ammunition magazines . There are at least seven gun control measures up for a vote before the state Senate by the end of the week that , if passed , could potentially be on the governor 's desk by the end of the month . Back in Washington , the fate of several pieces of similar gun policy legislation wending their way through a Senate committee could foreshadow the nature of the upcoming congressional gun control debate . But the politics of all of these measures is tricky and the stakes are high , said Alan Lizotte , dean and professor at the School of Criminal Justice at the State University of New York at Albany . "  Both Democrats and Republicans are in a tough spot on this , " Lizotte said . The speaker of the Colorado House of Representatives , Mark Ferrandino , a Democrat , says though he too was surprised to receive a call about his state 's gun control battle from Biden last week , he understands the stakes . The vice president "  definitely said they were paying attention to all states that were having the debates , including Colorado , " Ferrandino said . However both he and Exum added that though they appreciated the White House calls , they were already staunch supporters of stricter gun control legislation . "  Our goal is to pass the best policy for Colorado , " Ferrandino said . "  If the vice president wants to take that and help at the national level , or other legislators want to see if that will help with their state , then we 'll gladly talk with them . "	As they await federal action , states are enacting their own gun laws Red states consider pre-emptive laws to nullify a federal assault weapons ban Blue states pass tough restrictions on gun purchases , expand background checks States ' actions could provide political cover for a White House pushing tougher gun laws
CNN  A decades-old mystery that captivated Oklahoma has been solved after officials confirmed the identities of two groups of people -- some of them teens -- who went missing in 1969 and 1970 . The first crack in the cold cases came when police in the tiny town of Sayre were testing sonar equipment in September 2013 in murky Foss Lake . They were stunned to discover a green 1952 Chevrolet and a blue 1969 Chevrolet Camaro . Human remains found in the Camaro matched the general descriptions of three teenagers -- Jimmy Allen Williams , 16 , Leah Gail Johnson , 18 , and Thomas Michael Rios , 18 , all from Sayre , the state Medical Examiner 's Office said . The other remains matched the genders and ages of three passengers in the green Chevrolet who went missing in 1969 , the medical examiner said last year . John Alva Porter , then 69 , was in that car with Cleburn Hammack , 42 , and Nora Marie Duncan , 58 . DNA test results this week prove that the bodies belonged to the missing , the state Medical Examiner 's Office said , adding that they all died from drowning and their deaths were accidental . One night in 1970 , another in 1969 The three teenagers who disappeared went for a ride around their hometown in Williams ' blue Camaro with a white top , according to the Doe Network , a volunteer organization that helps law enforcement solve cold cases . Only six days before the 16-year-old and his friends went missing , Williams had bought the used Camaro , a slick muscle car that teenage boys loved at that time , said Dayva Spitzer , publisher of The Sayre Record & Beckham County Democrat newspaper . Johnson was Native American and , Spitzer said , was related to legendary Indian chief Sitting Bull . Residents regarded Johnson as an Indian princess , she told CNN . Williams and his friends had planned to attend a football game the night they went missing , but they may have gone hunting instead , Spitzer said . Two rifles were found , rusted and corroded , in the Camaro . In the other car , Porter , Duncan and Hammack were last seen when their car was "  given a push " to help get it started , according to a July 1969 newspaper article published in Oklahoma . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Michael Martinez and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	Human remains found in 2013 were tested for DNA Test results show they are six people who went missing in 1969 and 1970 Some of the remains belong to three teens who were last seen in a 1969 Camaro The others are two men and a woman found in a 1952 Chevrolet
