CNN  -- In your lifetime , you will send thousands , maybe millions of online messages . But what if you could only send one more ? In China , where superstitions surrounding death are rife , new websites let Internet users leave digital imprints even after they pass away . One service is called "  Life Black Box " and the idea is simple : You sign up and upload whatever you want -- be it secret photos , random thoughts , sensitive files , or final goodbyes . When you die , the website sends your data to people you 've chosen . Li Jia , the creator of the Life Black Box , said he thought of the idea in 2010 , when he was on an extremely turbulent plane ride . "  I had recently divorced -- and I realized I had a lot to say to my ex-wife , my son , and my parents , " he told China 's TechWeb . Last week , during China 's annual Qingming festival to honor deceased ancestors , his website became a trending topic on Chinese social media amid widespread reflection over the missing Malaysia Airlines airliner . "  The Malaysia Airlines incident made us remember life is precious , " wrote one microblog user . "  If one day , your life is coming to an abrupt end , will you have any regrets ? We should create online wills ; it 's emotional sustenance . " Other microbloggers said the recent Kunming railroad station terrorist attack and Changsha market knife attack also made them consider signing up for the Black Box . Li said his website now has 360,000 registered users . Many have jobs that are dangerous or require constant traveling , and a great number are in their thirties or forties . According to TechWeb , over 28,000 online wills have been created in Jiangsu province , where 14 Flight 370 passengers are from . In another twist , employees at the Life Black Box website said 31 people on the missing jet 's passenger list matched the names of its subscribers . But a spokesperson for the website told CNN no links have been confirmed , as many Chinese people have the same names . Virtual graves Yet Black Box is not the only Chinese website that attempts to deal with death . One website called Waheaven , which says it has over three million users , lets users create online memorials by uploading images of their deceased ancestors , after which they can pay traditional tribute by lighting virtual incense or laying virtual flowers . Another Chinese memorial site calls itself a "  virtual home " for dead spirits , and lets users pay blessings to anyone from Princess Diana to Genghis Khan . But the most melancholy may be the "  Last Post " project , by Chinese social media user Lin Dongping . Since 2011 , Lin has run a popular microblog account where he reposts final messages from ordinary people who have passed away . So far , he has already compiled stories of over 1,500 deaths . After each story , thousands of users , many of them strangers , leave tributes and well wishes in the comments . A 30-year-old reporter , dying of cancer , wrote in her last tweet , "  The operation ended ... I could n't even have porridge or water for six days ... this is one of the greatest tortures i have experienced . " Another user posted a suicide note . "  I 'm depressed , so I 'm just going to die . No big reason . Do n't care too much . Bye bye . " Over 294,000 people replied , many of them simply saying "  Rest in peace . " Digital afterlives For today 's Internet users , death raises a set of interesting new questions : What happens to our data when we 're gone ? Will anyone save our imprint , or will our virtual lives fade into digital dust ? Lin said his goal is to honor the memory of the dead , no matter their stories . "  When people die , digital information is their legacy , " said Lin in a TEDx talk . "  I 'm just doing the work of a monk performing a funeral rite . " In the end , services like Life Black Box and "  Last Post " seem to say that even in death , we do n't have to be alone . On Lin 's microblog , one final post , from a 17-year-old Chinese teen who ultimately died of cancer , was addressed to his younger sister . "  Please remember -- no matter how long you go without hearing from me , I will always give you faith , hope , and love . " CNN 's Zoe Li in Hong Kong , and CNN Beijing interns Lucrezia Seu , Qi Zhang , and Andi Wang contributed reporting .	In China , new websites let Internet users leave digital imprints after death "  Life Black Box " has 360,000 users , with many in their 30s and 40s Other popular websites act as public memorials for the deceased
Do n't let sky-high food-and-drink bills crash your party . These affordable strategies let you scrimp without looking like Scrooge . Real Simple : Unique gift ideas for anyone Drinks Skip : A full bar . Opt for : A single , memorable cocktail . For example : a winter lemonade . Muddle 1/4 cup fresh cranberries in 8 ounces of this traditional summer drink , then top it off with 2 ounces of vodka or whiskey and a splash of seltzer . Presto ! An instant merrymaking hit . Skip : Champagne . Opt for : Cava or Prosecco . These affordable bubblies are available for around $ 10 a bottle , says Allison Enke , a spokesperson for Whole Foods Market . Find one that was produced within the past two years . For roughly half of what you would pay for a vintage bottle , you 'll get just as much fizzy flavor . Appetizers Skip : Fancy flat breads and spreads . Opt for : Crostini . You 'll save a few bucks if you buy a couple of baguettes  typically about $ 2 each  and make your own dip . A can of cannellini beans goes a long way : Rinse them , then combine with 1/2 clove garlic  crushed  , 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs  such as parsley or tarragon  , 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice , and 2 tablespoons olive oil ; season with salt and pepper and gently mash . Top each baguette slice with a spoonful of the dip . Or let guests dip the slices into a bowl of olive oil spiked with chopped fresh thyme and rosemary . Real Simple : One-day holiday and christmas shopping plan Skip : Aged cheeses , such as Gouda and manchego . Opt for : Fresh ricotta , mozzarella , or Feta . These cheeses are more perishable , but less time and milk are required to make them , so you 'll find quality choices starting as low as $ 5 a pound or so -- nearly $ 10 less than many aged cheeses , says Ariel Kalishman Walsh , a cheesemonger at Saxelby Cheesemongers , in New York City . Enhance the flavor of ricotta with a drizzle of honey , then serve with crackers . Or make toothpick kebabs with cubes of fresh mozzarella , prosciutto , and fresh sage . Main Course Skip : Beef tenderloin or prime rib . Opt for : Less expensive cuts of meat , such as short ribs , beef chuck , pork shoulder , and chicken thighs . Some of these cuts can retail for as low as $ 1 a pound . "  Stew it in your slow cooker or Dutch oven to give it a top-quality taste , " says Sara Kate Gillingham-Ryan , the author of Good Food to Share  $ 30 , amazon.com  and the founder of TheKitchn.com , a food blog . Real Simple : Best Days for Holiday and Christmas Online Shopping Skip : Shrimp or salmon . Opt for : Eggs . This bargain protein is n't just for breakfast , and a dozen eggs can fill up a group of friends for less than $ 5 . Poach the eggs and serve them over polenta , risotto , or pasta , along with earthy winter vegetables , like sautéed Swiss chard or kale and roasted acorn squash or fennel . Real Simple : How to make the holidays more affordable Dessert Skip : Tarts and soufflés . Opt for : Ice cream . Yes , even though it 's winter . Pick up a tub -- mint is a festive choice , but plain vanilla works , too -- and brew a pot of coffee . Scoop the ice cream into cups , then pour in about 1/2 cup of hot java for a riff on the Italian dessert affogato , says Scott Hocker , the editor in chief of TastingTable.com , a daily food newsletter . The total cost : about $ 6 Real Simple : 7 money-saving , stress-less holiday shopping tips	Elegant holiday parties can be thrown with affordable food and drink Champagne is not the only bubbly beverage worthy of commemorating the holidays Skip rich tartes and souffles for dessert -- ice cream is a festive crowd-pleaser
CNN  -- Taking a break for Memorial Day ? To point you in the right direction , we looked for celebrations across America that offered something special in honor of the Memorial Day holiday , be it a unique patriotic tribute , a celeb-worthy pool party , an epic blues festival or a vineyard tour . But reading about a party that 's taking place miles and miles from home is frustrating , not fun . That 's why we highlighted places that are easily accessible no matter where you are in the U.S.  all of the cities called out under "  easy getaway " are within either a 1.5-hour flight or four-hour drive from the featured destination  . Consider this your guide to three-day weekend bliss . Budget Travel : See photos of the places Palm Springs , California : For guaranteed summer weather WHY GO THIS WEEKEND While most beach seasons are just beginning , Memorial Day marks the end of bearable temps in the desert , so hotels and operators are running specials for the holiday . Though other parts of California will be in the midst of "  May Gray " and "  June Gloom , " Palm Springs still has nonstop sunshine -- plus dozens of vintage shops , acclaimed restaurants such as Copley 's on Palm Canyon  where celebrity chef Andrew Copley whips up So Cal comfort food like lobster pot pie  and an enduring love for all things mid-century  its hotels and private homes offer some of the best examples of 1950s modern architecture in the country  . It also makes a great base camp for exploring the striking desert landscape of Joshua Tree National Park through hikes , mountain biking , or rock climbing . WHERE TO STAY Book one of the 155 pet-friendly rooms , with pool or mountain views and breakfast included , at the hip and affordable Palm Springs Travelodge . Call and mention "  Budget Travel " for 20 percent off bookings over the weekend . From $ 115 per night . EASY GETAWAY FROM Los Angeles ; San Francisco ; Phoenix ; Las Vegas . Budget Travel : 41 mother-daughter trips of a lifetime Washington , D.C. : For patriotism , pomp , and circumstance WHY GO THIS WEEKEND As you might guess , D.C. is the most patriotic place to celebrate the holiday , with a parade and plenty of pomp and circumstance taking place during special military ceremonies . The Thursday before Memorial Day , soldiers at Arlington National Cemetery put flags before each gravestone . On Memorial Day , a wreath-laying ceremony happens at the Tomb of the Unknowns -- President Obama spoke at last year 's ceremony -- and the U.S. Army Band , Pershing 's Own , performs . Men in uniform also march in the National Memorial Day Parade along the National Mall . Do n't miss the National Memorial Day Concert Sunday on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol from 8 P.M. to 9:30 P.M. WHERE TO STAY Kimpton Hotels is running a Memorial Day weekend special in five of its hip properties . Check in Thursday or Friday and stay for three nights for the $ 120 a night rate at the Helix , $ 130 per night at the Rouge , $ 140 a night at Topaz or the Madera , or $ 150 per night at the Palomar Washington D.C. , all in northwest D.C. near The White House , when you mention booking code "  PMEM "  that 's over 25 percent savings off of normal rates  . From $ 120 per night over Memorial Day weekend . EASY GETAWAY FROM Albany , N.Y. ; Baltimore ; Boston ; Charleston , S.C. ; Columbus , Ohio ; Hartford ; Louisville , Ky. ; Nashville ; New York ; Providence . Budget Travel : 10 natural phenomena you need to see to believe Las Vegas : For free rock concerts and parties by the pool WHY GO THIS WEEKEND Memorial Day weekend in Las Vegas is one of the busiest times of the year , along with New Year 's Eve . Parties held around the resorts ' elaborate pools are the big event , and become daylight nightclubs with DJs , drink carts , bottle service , cabanas , and more . To get in on the action , grab a chaise at the Venus Pool Club at Caesars Palace  if you 're a guest , there is no cover charge for hunkering down poolside until 1 P.M. , at which point women pay $ 10 and men $ 30 to attend . Caesars Palace is one of the few properties that allows non-guests to enjoy the party for a cover charge -- women get in free until 1 P.M. and pay $ 10 after that , while men are charged a $ 30 cover all day  The Tropicana Las Vegas opens its brand new Bagatelle Beach & Nightclub this Memorial Day weekend , featuring Mediterranean food and comfy daybeds to lounge in by day , and offers poolside dining and a new nightclub by night . The XS Nightclub at the Wynn Las Vegas & Encore Resort will host DJ Tiesto Friday night and David Guetta on Monday night among other electronica superstars over the weekend -- tickets can be purchased ahead of time starting at $ 30 per person . The Rock of Vegas free summer concert series also kicks off this weekend at the Fremont Street Experience in downtown Las Vegas , and runs every Saturday night thru Labor Day with performances by Vince Neil of Motley Crue , Poison front-man Brett Michaels , and Dee Snider of Twisted Sister . WHERE TO STAY The Orleans Hotel & Casino is just off the main drag and offers free shuttle service to and from the Strip every 30-45 minutes from 9:30 A.M. to 12:30 A.M. . The hotel offers its own casino , comedy club , cabaret lounge , Irish pub , movie theater , bowling alley , and playgrounds and arcades for the kiddies . From $ 95 per night over Memorial Day weekend . EASY GETAWAY FROM Los Angeles ; San Francisco . Budget Travel : Can you spot the travel rip-off ? Saint Louis : For comfort food , a Blues Festival , and the ultimate treasure hunt WHY GO THIS WEEKEND This year , Soldier 's Memorial Park will host the Bluesweek Festival , free from Friday to Sunday , with performances by over 50 musicians , including local blues legend Arthur Williams . If all that music whets your appetite , head to the Schlafly Tap Room on Saturday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Pork Shop , a combination community garage sale and neighborhood bar-b-que , featuring local pork and plenty of Schlafly beer . You 'll need all this fuel to tackle the largest flea market in the Midwest , Gypsy Caravan , an annual Memorial Day event organized for the 40th year by the St. Louis Symphony Volunteer Association . WHERE TO STAY Downtown , the 179-room Roberts Mayfair Hotel has a rooftop pool and emerged from a $ 9 million makeover in March 2011 . You can get the MetroLink light rail two blocks from the hotel , which will take you to Soldiers Memorial and other downtown sites . From $ 149 a night . EASY GETAWAY FROM Chicago ; Cincinnati ; Kansas City , MO. ; Memphis . Budget Travel : 8 common air-travel snafus Portsmouth , New Hampshire : For seaside New England charm WHY GO THIS WEEKEND Portsmouth keeps popping up on lists of cool , small towns , and Memorial Day weekend , when locals and visitors alike come out en force to honor our veterans , is a great time to explore the area . Sitting at the northern point of New Hampshire 's brief coastline , the 17th-century seaport here is one of the oldest in America . Every year , the U.S. Navy conducts a ceremony at the USS Albacore Museum & Memorial Park , a 1953 test submarine that is now a Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmark , set in a park honoring those lost in deep-sea battles or tragedies . WHERE TO STAY The Ale House Inn , a 130-year-old former brewery , sits right downtown at Market Square . Its 10 contemporary rooms come with complimentary in-room iPads . From $ 139 per night . EASY GETAWAY FROM Boston ; Hartford ; Portland , Maine ; Providence . Austin : For boating season and outdoor fun WHY GO THIS WEEKEND Head to Lake Travis to soak up some of Austin 's best weather of the year , with plenty of sunshine and temperatures in the eighties . Memorial Day kicks off boating season here , so the place to be is the lake . To get in on the action , check out Austin 's REI store 's schedule of events to find out what classes and events are on offer this weekend or rent a ski boat at Just for Fun  $ 75 for one hour  . If you 'd rather be a spectator , catch a glimpse of the Capital of Texas Triathalon on Memorial Day , an event founded in 1991 that brings in 3,000 participants annually . Things get started with a swim at Lady Bird Lake before athletes break out the bikes for a race through Austin , leading up to a foot race around the southern part of the lake . WHERE TO STAY The Mansion at Judges ' Hill is a reasonably priced , 48-room boutique hotel . Plus , the turn-of-the-century property is walking distance from downtown . From $ 129 per night . EASY GETAWAY FROM Atlanta ; Dallas . Budget Travel : Cutest zoo babies of 2012 Charleston , S.C. : For high art with Southern hospitality WHY GO THIS WEEKEND One of the earliest observances of Memorial Day was by a group of freed slaves and took place weeks after the Civil War ended in 1865 in Charleston 's Hampton Park . Today , the world-renowned Spoleto Festival starts its two-week run this weekend , filling the historic city 's theaters , churches , and outdoor spaces with opera , theater , jazz , symphonies , choruses , and visual arts . Highlights this year include the urban dance fused cabaret show , Traces ; ukulele prodigy Jake Shimabukuro ; Brazilian vocalist Virginia Rodrigues ; and Kepler , a new operatic piece by Philip Glass . Tickets can be purchased on a per-event basis , with prices ranging from $ 10 to $ 130 . WHERE TO STAY Rooms can be hard to come by during Spoleto , so for last-minute travelers , we recommend Lodge Alley Inn , a time-share that rents its unreserved rooms starting seven days in advance . It 's an old Masonic temple with choices of a studio or a one - or two-bedroom condo , all with kitchenettes . From $ 209 . Alternately , you can stay across the river at the Hampton Inn/Charleston Mount Pleasant-Patriot 's Point . It 's a short drive to downtown over the Arthur Ravenel Jr. . Bridge , and the rates are more affordable than those in the city center . From $ 169 per night . EASY GETAWAY FROM Atlanta ; Charlotte , N.C. ; Miami ; Washington , D.C. Budget Travel : See five more great getaways Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Washington , D.C. offers celebrations rich in pomp and circumstance Las Vegas ' hotel pool parties offer a more hedonistic take on the long weekend Saint Louis is hosting a frees blues festival from Friday to Sunday
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Unknown assailants torched the offices of a Sri Lankan website critical of the government Monday . "  The main office of the website comprising the computer hall and the most precious and valuable library have been completely destroyed , " Lanka-e-News said in its own report on the attack . "  For many days now , we learnt from neighbors , unknown men have been carrying out surveillance outside and making inquiries about staff . Last night a caller threatened me that I would be killed , " said Bennet Rupasinghe , news editor of the widely read website . "  All this is because we have been posting stories critical of the government , " he said . The office was doused with petrol and set on fire , he said . A computer screen exploded , which alerted the neighborhood . There was an earlier attack on the offices of the website last year when it was housed in Nugegoda , he said . Last year , the editor of the website , Sandaruwan Senadheera , and his family fled to the United Kingdom after reported threats to his life . "  Since he was forced to leave , I have been facing a string of threats and intimidation for exposing corruption and reporting on matters disliked by those in high authority , " Rupasinghe said . The website 's offices are now located in the Colombo suburb of Malabe . President Mahinda Rajapaksa has ordered the "  police to conduct an immediate investigation , " spokesman Bandula Jayasekera told reporters . Lanka-e-News said journalists have suffered "  unprecedented " losses since the president came to power , including the killing of reporters and editors . "  It is well to note that under the President Rajapaksa regime , the free media had suffered most and sustained losses to persons and property on an unprecedented scale in the media history of Sri Lanka , " the site said . "  Sunday Leader Editor Lasantha Wickremetunge and 13 media personnel have been killed since this government came to power . The Professional Journalists Association Secretary was abducted and his legs were broken . A Lanka-e-News political columnist went missing . Sirisa  a leading TV network  was attacked and a claymore bomb was hurled at it , " the report said . "  This is the government 's new media culture . No dissent is tolerated . These attacks , intimidation of journalists are government 's response to any view or facts they  the government  dislike , " Mangala Samaraweera , the media head of the main opposition United National Party  UNP  , told CNN . Samraweera is a former Media Minister and Foreign Minister in President Rajapaksa 's government . Several media organizations are due to meet Monday evening to voice their protests over the incident .	Computers and the library of Lanka-e-News are "  completely destroyed , " the website says Its news editor accuses the government of corruption Journalists have suffered unprecedented intimidation and violence lately , he says The president orders police to investigate the attack
Dr. Kent Brantly answered a calling . That 's what friends and colleagues say about the man who garnered national headlines when he became the first known Ebola hemorrhagic fever patient in the United States . Brantly , 33 , arrived Saturday in Atlanta from Liberia , where he and another American missionary worker contracted the deadly virus while caring for Ebola patients . From an early age , Brantly was driven by his faith in God to make a difference , friends and former colleagues said . He took mission trips to Uganda , Honduras , Nicaragua , Tanzania and Haiti , they said . "  He intended to be a missionary before he became a doctor , " friend Kent Smith , an elder at Southside Church of Christ in Fort Worth , Texas , told CNN . "  Eventually , he decided medical mission is what he wanted to do . " Brantly went to Liberia with his wife and two children last year to serve a two-year fellowship through Samaritan 's Purse post-residency program . He was there initially to practice general medicine . But when the Ebola outbreak began , he took on the role of medical director for the Samaritan 's Purse Ebola Consolidated Case Management Center in Monrovia . It 's there that he tested positive for the virus , according to the evangelical Christian relief charity . There is no known cure or vaccine for Ebola , and it has a mortality rate of up to 90 % . iReport : Ebola patient arrives Brantly is in an isolation ward at Emory University Hospital , near the headquarters for the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Doctor put sick patients first The news Brantly contracted Ebola has prompted many to ask why would he put himself at risk . The answer might be difficult for some to understand , his former college and medical school professor wrote in an op-ed published this week in The Indianapolis Star . "  Simply put , he would say that he had been called to care for the patients in Liberia , " Richard Gunderman wrote in the newspaper . None of it has been surprising to Smith , who first met Brantly five years ago at church . "  When he first started coming to our church , he and his wife made it clear ... they were committed to medical missions , " he said . Before heading to Liberia in October 2013 , Brantly did his residency at John Peter Smith Hospital in Fort Worth . ` What do I bring to the table ? ' "  We 're kind of proud that there was a hero out there trying to do his best to make life better for other folks under the circumstances , " a physician who knows him , Dr. Paul Pepe of Dallas ' UT Southwestern Medical Center , told CNN affiliate WFAA this week . Brantly attended high school in Indianapolis before graduating from Abilene Christian University  Texas  in 2003 and Indiana University 's medical school in 2009 . While at Abilene Christian , he spent a summer interning overseas with a program focused on vocational missions experiences , ACU 's online alumni magazine reported . "  Everyone here who has been connected with Kent knows him to be someone who is very compassionate , considerate and always upbeat in all he does , " the program 's director , Dr. Gary Green , told the magazine . " ... Kent 's the kind of guy who would weigh benefits versus risk , then try to take himself out of the equation so that he would be thinking , ` What do I bring to the table ? Is the risk worth taking because I can benefit so many people ? ' " It perhaps may explain why when only one dose of an experimental serum to treat Ebola was made available this week in Liberia that Brantly turned it down and asked that it be given to his colleague . "  I would have been surprised if he had not done that , " Smith said . ` Praying fervently ' In an e-mail this week from Monrovia , Brantly told a fellow doctor at John Peter Smith Hospital that he is "  terrified , " according to The Indianapolis Star . "  I 'm praying fervently that God will help me survive this disease , " Brantly said in an e-mail to Dr. David McRay , the newspaper reported . Though Brantly 's wife and children had been in Liberia with him , they were in the United States when he became ill . "  Many people have been asking how I am doing , " Amber Brantly said in a statement released earlier this week . "  The children and I are physically fine . " The CDC has said neither Brantly 's wife or his children are symptomatic . Brantly 's wife , parents and sister cried when they saw him on CNN , walking from the ambulance into the hospital , a family representative said on condition of anonymity . His wife , Amber , later said she was relieved that her husband was back in the United States . "  I spoke with him , and he is glad to be back in the U.S. , " she said in statement sent to CNN . "  I am thankful to God for his safe transport and for giving him the strength to walk into the hospital . " Brantly 's wife visited with him from behind a glass wall for about 45 minutes , the family representative said . Kent Brantly was described as being "  in great spirits and so grateful . "	Report : "  I 'm praying fervently that God will help me survive , " the doctor writes Dr. Kent Brantly , 33 , was diagnosed with Ebola hemorrhagic fever He was working at an Ebola treatment center in Liberia when he was diagnosed Brantly 's wife and children show no symptoms of Ebola , the CDC says
Illinois is poised to become the 15th state to allow same-sex marriage after legislation passed both houses of the state 's General Assembly on Tuesday . The bill now goes to Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn , who has said he will sign it . The passage of the legislation "  put our state on the right side of history , " Quinn said . President Obama also hailed the vote in his home state , saying he has "  always believed that gay and lesbian Americans should be treated fairly and equally under the law . "  Over time , I also came to believe that same-sex couples should be able to get married like anyone else , " he said . "  As I said in my Inaugural Address last January , our journey as a nation is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law , for if we are truly created equal , then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal as well , " the President added . The law would take effect on June 1 , 2014 . Illinois previously offered civil unions , but not marriage , to same-sex couples . In addition to Illinois , same-sex marriage is legal in 14 states -- California , Connecticut , Delaware , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington -- as well as the District of Columbia . Colorado and Hawaii allow civil unions . Same-sex marriage is banned in every state not mentioned above , except for New Mexico , which has no laws banning or allowing it . Same-sex marriage fast facts Hawaii could become the next state to legalize same-sex marriage . Its Senate passed a bill in October , kicking it to the House , which is expected to vote soon . Proponents of same-sex marriage say they have momentum on their side . In June , the Supreme Court rejected parts of the Defense of Marriage Act in a 5-4 decision , dismissing an appeal over same-sex marriage on jurisdictional grounds and ruling same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits . It also ruled that private parties do not have "  standing " to defend California 's voter-approved ballot measure barring gay and lesbians couples from state-sanctioned wedlock , clearing the way for same-sex marriages in California to resume . But opponents say the fight is far from over . Shortly before the Illinois votes , the president of the National Organization for Marriage urged people to contact their state representatives to tell them they support marriage as the union of one man and one woman . "  We 've seen how marriage redefinition leads to those who believe in traditional marriage being punished , labeled ` bigots ' and ` haters ' in the public square , and forced to be silent about their deeply held beliefs or face repercussions . And their children ? They 're taught in schools that the values planted in them at home are bigoted and outdated , the equivalent of racism ! " Brian Brown wrote in a blog post . Worldwide , 16 other countries  and parts of Mexico  also have laws allowing same-sex marriage and domestic partnerships . Most of these are in Europe and South America .	The measure would take effect on June 1 , 2014 The bill now goes to Gov. Pat Quinn , who says he will sign it President Obama hails the vote in his home state The state is now poised to become the 15th to legalize gay marriage
CNN  -- Hungary has been warned it could suffer its worst floods ever , as record levels are expected over the next three days from the surging River Danube , which has already inundated parts of Germany , Austria and Slovakia . Read more : Swollen rivers bring more flooding in central Europe The river is expected to peak near the border with Slovakia , in Nagybajcs , on Saturday morning and in the capital , Budapest , on Monday , according to the European Commission 's emergency response center . "  In both areas , the highest-ever-measured water levels are expected , " it said . Hungary 's Water Management Authority said a new record , 20 centimeters  nearly 8 inches  more than the previous high , had already been set at Nagybajcs as of midday Friday . New all-time highs have also been recorded downriver at Komarom , it said . The mayor of Budapest , Istvan Tarlos , said he expects a record of 895 centimeters  almost 30 feet  in the capital but he believes its flood defenses should keep the city safe with about a foot to spare . Nearly 400 people have been evacuated so far , from a number of villages and an old people 's home , according to the Interior Ministry 's disaster management directorate . About 70 communities have been hit by flooding . The country 's military is working on dams along the river 's length and is preparing to deploy helicopters and amphibious vehicles if needed . One village , Kisoroszi , is already unreachable by road -- although food and help can be brought in by boat and helicopter -- and is expected to remain cut off for at least a week , authorities said . Roland Farkas , a Hungarian university student , is among the volunteers who 've been filling sandbags day and night in the town of Gyor , near the Danube , to be deployed at vulnerable points . He told CNN iReport Friday he feared the country 's defenses would fail to hold back the floods in the face of forecast storms . Concern is also growing that the surging Danube might break into a reservoir containing toxic waste in Almasfuzito , near Komarom , potentially leading to water pollution . Environmental campaign group Greenpeace said in a statement that although the dams should in theory withstand the rising water , a report published by the Hungarian Academy of Science last year suggested some toxic sludge could be washed into the water system through the ground water . The reservoir is being closely monitored but the government remains anxious about its safety , the statement said , citing comments by Hungary 's prime minister . Evacuations along the Elbe Meanwhile , the swollen Elbe River menaces the state of Saxony-Anhalt in eastern Germany , where thousands of people are being evacuated from their homes a day after the flow peaked in Dresden , in Saxony . Flood defenses saved the center of the historic city from serious damage . But aerial footage taken by CNN showed swaths of the outlying areas and beyond under feet of muddy brown water . Industrial containers are among the debris swept up by the torrent , prompting further concerns over safety . The cost of damage to homes , businesses and agriculture is likely to run to hundreds of millions of euros . German Chancellor Angela Merkel promised 100 million euros  $ 132 million  in emergency aid Tuesday . The water is still rising in the Elbe as it makes its way toward the North Sea , according to the European Commission , and it is expected to peak in Saxony-Anhalt on Tuesday . Residents are being evacuated from the cities of Halle and Bitterfeld in the state . In the state of Saxony , to the south , many areas remain under water , the European Commission said , and transport , electricity and water supply are still disrupted . As of Friday , about 12,000 people had been evacuated from their homes in Saxony , it said . The cresting Danube , which flooded parts of Bavaria in southern Germany and Austria earlier this week , passed through Slovakia 's capital , Bratislava , Thursday without causing significant damage , according to the European Commission . An extreme flood alert is still in effect in the western part of Slovakia , including Bratislava , it said . Water levels in the Danube and its tributaries in Bavaria are now falling except in the area around Passau , a town that experienced the worst flooding in five centuries this week . The flooding has caused at least 15 deaths across the region since last weekend . Eight deaths were reported in the Czech Republic , where some 700 communities have been affected by flooding and about 20,000 people evacuated . As river levels drop , attention is now turning to the clean-up , said Czech fire service spokeswoman Nicole Zaoralova . "  The main focus is on draining flooded areas , " she said . All the country 's large-volume pumps are in use , so offers of help with equipment and manpower from Poland and Slovakia will be taken up , she said . Army units have also been deployed to help with the clean-up , she said , with almost 300 troops sent to the affected areas . Three deaths occurred Saturday in southwestern Germany , the Interior Ministry for the state of Baden-Wuerttemberg said . Four people are reported to have died and three are missing in Austria , the European Commission 's emergency response center said . The floods follow heavy rain in the region last weekend , after a wet spring left the ground saturated . Scattered showers are likely over the coming day , according to CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis . CNN 's Ivana Kottasova , Matthew Chance and Nicole Saidi , and journalist Csaba Faix contributed to this report .	An environmental group raises concerns over toxic waste reservoir by Danube Budapest 's mayor says its flood defenses should withstand record high waters The swollen River Elbe continues to threaten Saxony-Anhalt in eastern Germany Focus in the Czech Republic shifts to the clean-up operation , fire service says
Cleveland , Ohio  CNN  -- Candles in hand and singing hymns , hundreds of Cleveland residents stunned by the discovery of 11 bodies in a local home gathered outside the house Sunday night to remember the victims . But Inez Fortson , whose daughter Telacia was among the dead , said she could barely stand to look at the home . "  It 's hard , because I want to burn it down , " she said . "  I know my baby was in there , and she got killed in there , " Fortson added . "  I know what other people feel like when they lost a child . I did n't , but I do now . That was my only daughter . " Telacia Fortson , 31 , had three children , ages 2 , 4 and 6 , her mother said . She had last been seen in June . Her body was among the first identified in the home of Anthony Sowell , who is now facing five counts of aggravated murder , rape , felonious assault and kidnapping in connection with the deaths . All of those found dead were African-American women . A Cuyahoga County judge has set bail at $ 5 million for Sowell , a registered sex offender who served 15 years in prison for a 1989 attempted rape case . He was released from jail in 2005 . "  Whenever I see him on TV or think about him , I have to pray , " Fortson said . "  Because I believe that one day , I 'll have to forgive him for what he 's done . But right now , I ca n't , because I 'm numb . " About 500 people joined the march , which followed a packed memorial service at the neighborhood 's Mount Olive Missionary Baptist Church . The turnout "  means that people do care , " Fortson said . "  There is a little compassion in the world . " Mount Olive pastor Larry Harris Sr. , who led the memorial service , called the Sowell home a house of "  horror . " "  It brings trembling to the bones to think about what all went on right here , " he said . Sowell has been placed on a suicide watch at the request of his attorney , according to Sowell 's public defender Kathleen DeMetz . A psychiatric evaluation has been ordered but it 's unlikely to happen until after the case goes before a grand jury , the next expected step in the case . Police recovered the first bodies after they went to Sowell 's home to follow up on a rape accusation . Last month , neighbors reported seeing a naked woman fall from the second floor , but no charges were filed . Neighbors called 911 after the October 20 incident . Firefighters and paramedics responded , and later notified police . The woman told officers that she was at the home and "  partying , " when she fell off the roof . Allen Sowell , the suspect 's half-brother , told CNN he last saw his brother more than 20 years ago . Their stepmother , who lived in the house after Anthony Sowell got out of prison , said she knew of nothing odd going on at the time , Allen Sowell said . The stepmother tried to get Anthony Sowell evicted from the house in 2007 because he was n't paying rent , Allen Sowell said . Anthony Sowell said he should n't have to pay rent on a house that belonged to his father , who died in 2004 , and remained in the house when his stepmother had to be hospitalized in 2007 , his half-brother said . Agents from the FBI 's Behavioral Science Unit are assisting Cleveland police , Cleveland FBI spokesman Scott Wilson said . The agents are preparing a profile of Sowell for police , tracing his life and habits , and his DNA will be entered into a national database to see whether it can be linked to any unsolved crimes . Allen Sowell said he was aware of his half-brother 's prison record , but "  just could n't fathom " the accusations now facing him . "  I did n't think he was in that bad of a mental state , " Allen Sowell said . "  You never think it would happen to your family . It 's a horrible feeling . " At 66 , Allen Sowell is 16 years older than his half-brother , and the two did n't meet until Anthony Sowell was 9 . He added , "  He deserves whatever he gets from the justice system . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	After vigil , ministers walk to Anthony Sowell home , where 11 bodies were found Sowell is on suicide watch in jail ; charged with murder , rape , other felonies Seven of 11 bodies have been identified ; all were African-American women
Editor 's note : Michael Eric Dyson is a professor of sociology at Georgetown University and the author of 16 books , including the New York Times bestseller , "  April 4 , 1968 : Martin Luther King , Jr. 's Death and How it Changed America " . Michael Eric Dyson says the arrest of Henry Louis Gates Jr. shows that the U.S. is not "  a post-racial paradise . " CNN  -- Last Thursday , President Obama , in his fiery speech before the NAACP Convention , admitted that "  an African-American child is roughly five times as likely as a white child to see the inside of a prison . " But he surely could n't have imagined that only a couple of hours before his oration , one of America 's most prominent scholars -- and a distinguished professor at Obama 's alma mater , Harvard University -- would breathe cruel and ironic life into that sad statistic . Henry Louis "  Skip " Gates Jr. is simply the most powerful and influential black scholar in our nation 's history . He received a doctorate at Cambridge University long before the culture wars became au courant ; he was among the first group of figures to receive a MacArthur "  Genius Award " Fellowship ; he wrote the finest work of literary criticism in a generation with "  Signifying Monkey " ; he was named by Time magazine as one of the "  25 Most Influential Americans " ; he has a boatload of honorary degrees ; and he has been a ubiquitous media presence and thoughtful interpreter of race and culture for a quarter-century . But none of that made a bit of difference when Gates returned from a research trip to China to find the front door to his Harvard-owned house jammed and enlisted the assistance of his driver to muscle the door loose . By the time Gates was on the phone with his leasing company , a white policeman had arrived , summoned by a neighbor who spotted two black men looking as if they were unlawfully breaking into the house . Their stories diverge from here ; the policeman says he asked Gates to step outside , Gates refused , the officer entered the home and requested Gates ' ID , which he did n't initially produce , and finally had Gates arrested when he followed the officer outside , as Gates was "  exhibiting loud and tumultuous behavior . " Gates allegedly shouted , "  Is this how you treat a black man in America ? " and "  You do n't know who you 're messing with . " Gates says he showed the officer his ID , demanded that the officer identify himself , which he did n't , and then the professor followed the officer outside to get the policeman 's name and badge number when he was arrested by the gaggle of police who had gathered . Several features of the story scream the presence of lingering bias and racism . A black man in a tony neighborhood simply seems out of place , even to his neighbors . Had Gates been a white professor trying to get inside his home , and called on his driver to help him jar his door open , he probably would n't have as readily aroused the suspicion of neighbors . And when police arrived to check out the premises , they probably would n't have been nearly as ready to believe the worst about the occupant of a home who clearly was n't engaged in a criminal act . Whatever one believes about what happened , Gates clearly was n't the beneficiary of the benefit of the doubt , a reasonable expectation since he posed no visible threat . It is also striking that Gates seems to be the victim of a police mentality that chafes at a challenge of its implicit authority . While that may be true for folk of all races , it seems especially galling to cops to be questioned by a person of color . How dare black folk believe that , regardless of their station or privilege , they have permission to speak back -- or speak black -- to state-enforced authority , one that , not a decade ago , routinely ravaged black communities in blatant displays of wanton aggression . It is for good reason that police brutality is a constant concern for black folk ; the stakes are often high and harmful . The link between black vulnerability and racial profiling -- of setting in one 's collective imagination an image of black men as bad people who are liable to commit mayhem at any moment , and who must therefore always be suspected of wrong and subject to arbitrary forms of control and surveillance -- is evident in the pileup of black bodies , from Amadou Diallo to Sean Bell , that testify to the force of police to impose lethal limits on black survival . Gates rubbed up against the unspoken code that enforces black silence and often violently compels black compliance . In the end , Gates ' unjust treatment speaks volumes about the cynical assertion that we now live in a post-racial paradise . Gates ' crime appears to be a new one in the litany of crimes that black folk commit by virtue of their very existence -- in this case , HWB , or housing while black . If a famous and affluent black man in his own home can be accosted , arrested and humiliated , then all black folk can reasonably expect the same treatment . To Gates ' credit , he realizes that racial profiling happens regularly to poor black folk , and he has pledged to do something about it . But another famous black figure associated with Harvard must renew his pledge to get rid of racial profiling and spare the nation the illusion that his success represents a post-racial America . While it 's not likely he 'll be unjustly arrested in his House , he 's got to make sure that the same privilege extends to millions of other black folk who do n't live on Pennsylvania Avenue . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Eric Dyson .	Michael Eric Dyson : Gates is an eminent intellectual and Harvard professor He says Gates ' arrest in Cambridge shows that U.S. still grapples with racism He says police are particularly sensitive to questioning from people of color Dyson : Obama must renew his pledge to eliminate racial profiling
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN 's "  Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays . She delivered this commentary during the "  Cutting through the Bull " segment of Wednesday night 's broadcast . CNN 's Campbell Brown says The Huffington Post has audio of an executive talking about the "  awards . " CNN  -- And timing is everything when it comes to cashing in during the bailout . The soon-to-be-combined Morgan Stanley and Citigroup 's Smith Barney will be doling out bonuses to its financial advisers , even as both firms take $ 60 billion of your bailout dollars . And it gets better . The bonuses , which could total $ 3 billion , will be based on the companies ' 2008 numbers , which , while bad , will almost certainly be better than this year . How do we all know this ? Someone gave The Huffington Post Web site audio from a conference call where , by the way , a Morgan Stanley executive told them not to use the "  b " word . Conference audio : "  There will be a retention award . Please do not call it a bonus . It is not a bonus . It is an award . And it recognizes the importance of keeping our team in place as we go through this integration . " Sounds like a bonus to us . The dictionary describes a bonus as a sum of money granted to an employee on top of their regular pay , usually in appreciation for work done , length of service , or accumulated favors . Semantics aside , the companies have good reason to want to hide the truth . But in the middle of a bailout , we have good reason to call this bonus -- bogus . Jim Wiggins , spokesman for Morgan Stanley , would not confirm the authenticity of the tape , but he did defend their practice of so-called retention programs . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .	Brown : Banks reportedly giving "  retention awards " to employees She says awards are bonuses , given by firms accepting bailout money Brown says that 's wrong , to the tune of up to $ 3 billion in bonuses
Washington  CNN  -- North Korea 's agreement to halt portions of its nuclear and missile programs and accept the return of nuclear inspectors is a "  modest step in the right direction , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Friday . Clinton said , however , that the United States will be watching North Korea closely and judging the country 's leaders by their actions in the coming weeks and months . North Korea last week announced it would freeze its nuclear and missile tests , along with uranium enrichment programs , and allow the return of U.N. nuclear inspectors in exchange for 240,000 metric tons of food aid from the United States . North Korea has suffered famines and widespread malnutrition during the past two decades -- thanks to its dysfunctional economy and international sanctions . Other countries and international groups have repeatedly stepped in with food aid to alleviate the situation . The United States suspended shipments of food aid to North Korea in 2009 amid tensions over Pyongyang 's nuclear program and concerns that the supplies were not reaching those most in need . Clinton spoke after meeting in Washington with South Korean Foreign Minister Kim Sung-hwan , who called the North Korean agreement "  a meaningful first step " toward resolving the North Korean nuclear issue . Kim said "  faithful implementation " of the measures to which North Korea agreed -- the moratorium on nuclear activities and the return of the inspectors -- was important going forward . The timing of the food aid is unclear . Robert King , the U.S. special envoy for North Korean human rights issues , said the administrative details have been resolved , but officials are still working on details . King , who on Thursday wrapped up two days of talks with officials from Pyongyang , said he is optimistic that the food aid will find its way to those in need in North Korea . The initial deal last week to resume the deliveries came after the the two countries revived negotiations that had stalled after the death in December of the longtime North Korean leader Kim Jong Il . The talks this week were intended to finalize points like what ports will be used to dock incoming ships , how the distribution of the food will be monitored and which nongovernmental organizations will be involved . U.S. officials cautiously welcomed the agreement last week in hopes of a new era in relations with North Korea and a resumption of multilateral talks aimed at the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula . But Pyongyang has stepped up its rhetoric against the South Korean president , Lee Myung-bak , and his government since Kim Jong Un took over from his father , Kim Jong Il , as North Korean leader . Earlier this week , North Korean television aired footage of a military unit carrying out live-fire drills in sight of a South Korean island . It showed tanks repositioning and an artillery machine being prepared , overlooking waters that have seen a number of violent incidents over the years . Li Gum-chol , a North Korean deputy commander , threatened to engulf Seoul in a "  sea of flames " in retaliation for U.S.-South Korean joint military drills taking place on the peninsula . North Korea has condemned the annual drills as provocation .	Clinton calls it a "  step in the right direction " North Korea agreed last week to halt missile tests and nuclear activities The deal is in exchange for food aid from the United States South Korea 's foreign minister says it 's a "  meaningful first step "
CNN  -- Former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick on Thursday was sentenced to 28 years in prison after he was convicted in March of two dozen federal charges . The charges include racketeering , extortion and the filing of false tax returns . He was accused of using the mayor 's office to enrich himself and associates . Before he was sentenced , Kilpatrick apologized in court Thursday morning . "  I say with every morsel of my being that I 'm sorry to you , " he said . Judge Nancy G. Edmunds noted the apology and said that he was showing "  more awareness than I have seen along the way . " But she said "  a long prison sentence is necessary to insulate the public from his behavior . " "  That way of business is over . We 're done . We 're moving forward , " she said . Ex-Detroit Mayor Kilpatrick convicted in corruption case Kilpatrick , Detroit 's mayor from 2002 until he resigned in 2008 , was the biggest target of a years-long Detroit City Hall corruption investigation that led to the convictions of two dozen people , including several of his closest friends and former City Councilwoman Monica Conyers , the wife of U.S. Rep. John Conyers . Federal prosecutors alleged that Kilpatrick ran a criminal enterprise through the mayor 's office to enrich himself through bid rigging and extortion , and using nonprofit funds for personal gain . At the heart of the scheme was corruption in municipal contracting , mostly centering on the Detroit Water and Sewerage Department , said Barbara McQuade , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan . Edmunds said that in the sentencing , she was not holding Kilpatrick responsible for the city 's bankruptcy of this year , saying that was due to wider factors . But then she cited a litany of effects of his crimes , including loss of public trust and honest contractors being turned away .	Judge : Long prison sentence necessary "  to insulate the public from his behavior " Kilpatrick was found guilty of using bid rigging , extortion and nonprofit funds to enrich himself Kilpatrick was Detroit mayor from 2002 until he resigned in 2008 He apologized in court Thursday
CNN  -- An afternoon at an Oklahoma City water park turned unpleasant for visitors seeking a break from the blazing sun Wednesday . Three women at the Whitewater Bay Water Park in Oklahoma were transported to a hospital after sustaining injuries from debris flung in a sudden summer storm . "  A gust of wind and a quick deluge of rain caused the injuries , " said Lara O'Leary , a spokeswoman for the city 's Emergency Medical Service Authority . "  It happened so abruptly it took the Whitewater Bay swimmers by surprise , but the weather is , in a way , a welcome relief because we were predicted to get up to 113 here . " The injuries sustained were minor and the victims were in good condition as of Wednesday evening . O'Leary said the water park was packed Wednesday with visitors . Paramedics have responded to 269 heat-related emergencies and taken 174 people to area hospitals since a heat advisory was issued on June 17 , she said . The heat wave is taking a deadly toll across the nation , particularly on athletes , as two football players and a coach died during summer football practices this week . DonTeria Searcy , a 16-year-old high school student , died Tuesday after he passed out after a morning practice at a Florida football camp , the local sheriff 's department said . Another 16-year-old student , Forrest Jones , died Tuesday in a hospital after he passed out during a football practice at an Atlanta-area high school , school administrators said . And on Monday in Texas , Wade McLain , 55 , an assistant football coach , collapsed during a morning practice and heat was ruled as a factor in his death , the local medical examiner 's office said . The heat wave , now in its second month , is responsible for record-setting electricity use in Texas and dozens of deaths across the U.S. heartland . But this time is especially tough for young football players who don heavy equipment and brave rising temperatures while practicing . "  It is tough and this was an unfortunate incident for us , " said J.D. Hardin , a spokesman for Georgia 's Henry County School District , which oversees Jones ' high school . "  But our coaches have a lot of ways to deal with this . We try to hydrate the players and if they have to move the practices to the morning , I know they will . " On Wednesday , Philadelphia Eagles player Mike Patterson suffered a seizure and collapsed during morning practice , but it was not clear what caused the seizure , the team said . "  Patterson was taken to Lehigh Valley Hospital where he is being tested to see why he experienced the seizure . Patterson has had no complications from the seizure , " the football team said on its website . The team 's head athletic trainer , Rick Burkholder , said "  there is nothing in Patterson 's medical history to indicate that he is predisposed to having a seizure , " according to the team website . After Patterson , a veteran defensive lineman , lost consciousness , other teammates tried to shield him from the sun while medics helped him , the football team said . The temperature was about 80 degrees during the Eagles ' morning practice . Temperatures reached a record high in Little Rock , Arkansas , Wednesday , soaring to a scalding 114 degrees . It 's the hottest day on record for the city , according to CNN affiliate KLRT-TV . Officials restricted high school football practices to three hours after four student athletes were hospitalized with dehydration , KLRT-TV said . Meanwhile , Texas set a new record for electricity demand Tuesday afternoon , breaking a mark established a day earlier . "  Due to the high temperatures and high electricity usage expected this week , we are continuing to request that consumers and businesses reduce their electricity use during peak electricity hours ... for the remainder of the week , " said Kent Saathoff of the Electric Reliability Council of Texas , which manages the state 's power grid . The council is forecasting a third straight day of record demand on Wednesday . Though exact nationwide figures for heat-related deaths were not immediately available , blistering temperatures have been blamed for at least 22 deaths in Texas and Oklahoma , authorities said Wednesday . Heat was a factor in 20 deaths in Maricopa County in Phoenix , authorities said . Some school kids in Oklahoma City were dealing with the rising temperatures as 94 classes were without air conditioning Wednesday , said Tierney Cook-Tinnin , spokeswoman for Oklahoma City Public Schools . The school system changed its schedule this year so that students came earlier , starting on Monday , the spokeswoman said . The children have been moved out of the classrooms that did not have air conditioning and staff was frantically trying to fix the problem , Cook-Tinnin said . "  We 've hired outside contractors to help us catch up , " she said . Wednesday marked the 33rd straight day of 100-plus-degree temperatures in Dallas . CNN 's Mia Aquino , Chuck Johnston and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	NEW : Three visitors to an Oklahoma water park are injured Wednesday The heat is a factor in dozens of deaths in Texas , Oklahoma and Arizona Wednesday is the 33rd straight day of 100-plus-degree temperatures in Dallas An Eagles football player has seizure but it is unclear if it is heat-related
Bucharest , Romania  CNN  -- Romania 's president Traian Basescu was suspended on Friday , after the impeachment motion filed by the ruling coalition passed the Parliament 's vote . Romania 's coalition of Social Democrats and Liberals argued their action by saying that President Traian Basescu has breached the Constitution and overstepped his authority . The motion passed with 256 votes , 39 more than the minimum required . The country is expected to hold a referendum on July 29 , when Romanians will have to vote whether they want Basescu to remain in office . During the suspension , National Liberal Party leader Crin Antonescu , who is also the president of the Senate , will assume the interim presidency . Earlier this week , Antonescu was appointed the president of the Senate . This position allows him to assume the president 's attributions , in case the latter is suspended , according to the Constitution . Crin Antonescu said on Friday he is ready to step out of politics if Basescu wins the referendum . During his speech in parliament , before the vote , Basescu accused the ruling coalition of taking control of the country 's judicial system and public institutions . He also expressed concern about the country 's state of law and said this political turmoil will have long-term negative impacts on Romania . "  Take care of the country ! " Basescu said at the end of his speech . It is the second time Basescu has faced suspension since he took the power , eight years ago . The first time was in 2007 , after which he won a referendum and returned to office . Earlier on Friday , Romania 's Constitutional Court gave an ambiguous statement regarding the constitutional status of this impeachment motion . The judges approved some of the points from the motion , but they did n't make it clear whether Basescu has violated the Constitution or not . In any case , the Court played an advisory role this time , leaving the final word to the Parliament . The court issued a statement saying that one of its judges , Aspazia Cojocaru , received threats prior to court debates on the impeachment motion . The political developments sparked controversy in the international community . On Friday , the European Commission expressed concern about the country 's political turmoil , "  especially regarding actions that appear to reduce the effective powers of independent institutions like the Constitutional Court . " The Commission 's President Jose Manuel Barosso invited Romanian Prime Minister Ponta to Brussels next week to hold talks regarding the country 's political developments . This after Ponta was accused of trying to dismantle the Constitutional Court by changing some of its judges . U.S. Ambassador to Romania Mark Gitenstein , said he was "  deeply concerned " that the independence of the country 's democratic institutions was under threat . In the meantime , hundreds of people protested on Friday , expressing their concern about the country 's political crisis . While some Romanians believe the government is not respecting the rule of law and democratic principles , others expressed their support for the ruling coalition and called for Basescu to step down . Earlier this week Romania 's Parliament passed a law making it easier to impeach Basescu , a decision that sparked some controversy . In addition , the prime minister accused some Constitutional Court judges of political bias and incompatibility and suggested that they should be replaced . The ruling coalition this week sacked the heads of both chambers of Parliament , who were Basescu allies , and replaced them with politicians close to the prime minister . It also dismissed the country 's ombudsman , whom it accused of political bias . The newly appointed ombudsman , Valer Dorneanu , is a former Social Democrat member of Parliament . Basescu 's suspension is the latest in a series of attacks between the prime minister and the president . The two men also argued over who was entitled to represent Romania at last month 's meeting of the European Council in Brussels . Ponta received parliament 's vote to go to Brussels on behalf of the country , but the Constitutional Court ruled the president had the right to attend the event . In the end , the prime minister ignored the court 's ruling and traveled to Brussels . Romania 's government became the object of international criticism after the prime minister was accused of plagiarizing his doctoral thesis . Ponta dismissed the accusation as a political attack from Basescu . The country 's political turmoil has dropped Romania 's currency , Leu , to the lowest level in the last two weeks .	NEW : Parliament votes to suspend the president NEW : Referendum vote within 30 days will decide his fate The move marks the latest in a series of attacks between the prime minister and the president The coalition holds a comfortable majority in parliament
CNN  -- They spoke with the passion that only those who have lost so much can speak . Six weeks since the Newtown , Connecticut , shooting claimed the lives of 20 elementary school kids and six educators , hundreds filled the local high school auditorium , nearly all raising their voices for tougher gun control laws before a state task force . For six hours , they poured out their hearts , their losses and their tears . "  We all recognize December 14 as the day hell came to Newtown , " said Nicole Hockley , mother of 6-year-old Dylan , who was one of the children killed by a gunman at Sandy Hook Elementary School . Dave Wheeler , who also lost his son Benjamin that day , calmly told the legislative panel that the government 's priorities need to be set straight . Read more : Loaded language poisons gun debate "  The liberty of any person to own a military-style assault weapon and a high-capacity magazine and keep them in their home is second to the right of my son to his life , " he said , noting that the Constitution says Americans are endowed with the inalienable rights of "  life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . " "  Let 's honor the founding documents and get our priorities straight , " he concluded , to a standing ovation . Other parents called for the community to rally before the hearing , which focused on gun violence , mental health and school safety . "  Together we can turn this tragedy into the event that turned the tide . That empowered us , as individuals , a society and the world , to choose love , " said Scarlet Lewis , mother of Jesse . While calls for tougher gun laws far outnumbered those arguing against them , several speakers said the weapons are not the problem . Read more : How the violent mentally ill can buy guns "  Neither the size of the magazine nor the style of the rifle will affect the actions of evil , " Brian Shimer said . "  Those wishing to do harm to those wishing to do good will never be swayed by the laws of men . " And Michael Collin said he did n't want to be in a situation where he could be outgunned . "  I do n't want to have to wait for someone to come to defend me . I want to be able to defend myself , " he said , concerned about speaking his mind in a town still grieving so deeply . But the hearing was not contentious . "  Even if Mike Collins and I disagree , I respect him immensely , " said Dr. William Begg , one of the physicians who tried to save lives after the shooting . "  What I 'm asking is you consider a stronger assault weapons ban , elimination of the sale of semiautomatic weapons , restriction in the size of magazine clips . " This month , President Barack Obama unveiled a two-pronged approach to gun violence that included legislation and a set of executive actions . He called on Congress to pass an assault weapons ban , institute universal background checks on gun purchases and outlaw gun magazines that hold more than 10 rounds . But the residents of Newtown did n't appear to be content to wait for Washington to move , calling their home state to take action . "  Connecticut , the U.S. is at a crossroads and the nation 's eyes are on us and you , " said Newtown resident Georgia Monaghan . "  Show America the way . " Gun control advocates march as nation reels from school shootings	Hundreds attend a Connecticut state task force on gun control The hearing in Newtown lasted six hours Most called for stricter gun control laws , but some did not Last month 's shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School killed 20 children and six adults
CNN  -- NASA has put off the planned launch of its next-generation Orion spacecraft for a year , a setback to efforts to fly a successor to its aging space shuttles , the space agency announced Monday . The Orion space vehicle in this artist rendering from Lockheed Martin 's web site , wo n't see space until 2014 . "  September 2014 is when we are saying we will launch the first crew on the Orion , " program manager Jeff Hanley told reporters in a conference call Monday . NASA officials plan to wrap up assembly of the International Space Station and retire the space shuttle fleet in 2010 , freeing up money to build and fly the new spacecraft . Cost concerns are at the root of the delay , but NASA is also giving itself wiggle room to deal with the unforeseen technical problems that will inevitably crop up , Hanley said . "  It 's the unknown unknowns that we have to hedge against , " he said . "  Having some number of months of schedule flexibility to meet our commitment , in addition to having some number of months of cost -- dollars -- flexibility , is key to keeping ourselves in a healthy posture . " Sometimes called "  Apollo on steroids , " Orion is designed to ferry astronauts to and from the space station and eventually back to the moon . Unlike the space shuttles , which land like an airplane , Orion is a capsule that will parachute to a landing at Edwards Air Force Base in California . See photos of the full-size mock-up " The new goal of September 2014 is a year later than NASA had planned to launch the first Orion , but still six months short of the March 2015 commitment date set by Congress . Program managers were hoping to fly the new vehicle much sooner than that to keep the gap between the last shuttle flight and the first Orion flight to a minimum . "  As we looked at the plan we had for September 2013 against the available dollars , it became clear to us that we needed to adjust our schedules , " said Hanley .	Cost concerns are at the root of the delay , says program manager Orion is sometimes called "  Apollo on steroids " Unlike the space shuttle , Orion is a capsule that will parachute to a landing The new goal of a September 2014 launch is a year later than NASA had planned
CNN  -- Filmmaker Michael Moore , whose new documentary "  Sicko " takes on America 's health care system , faced off Tuesday with CNN chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon Dr. Sanjay Gupta . Michael Moore and CNN 's Sanjay Gupta argued Tuesday about Gupta 's report on Moore 's film "  Sicko " Moore criticized a report Gupta did on CNN Monday on "  Sicko . " "  He said the facts were fudged , " Moore said , referring to Gupta , on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  That 's a lie . None of the facts are fudged . " Moore and Gupta shouted and argued over data Gupta used and data Moore used . Moore said his staffers backed up the film 's facts to Gupta before the report aired and that Gupta aired it knowing his facts were wrong . Gupta disputed that . Watch Moore , Gupta make their points " "  We try and look for some of the best sources we can possibly find , " he said . "  Michael has a lot of different numbers . ... You 're sort of cherry-picking data from different reports . " Both agreed , however , on the basic premise of "  Sicko " : Problems abound in America 's health-care system and need to be fixed . "  I thought it was a good movie , and I wanted to say that , " Gupta said . "  I think it strikes at the irrefutable fact -- it 's broken . We get it . " He praised Moore for raising awareness of the issue . However , Gupta said he was concerned that the movie -- which notes that other developed nations such as France and Canada have universal health care -- suggests that health care in those countries is free . While patients may not pay for services at the doctor 's office , they do pay high taxes to fund such a system , something Gupta said he was concerned that "  Sicko " audiences might not realize . Moore responded by saying Americans pay more in copays , deductibles and insurance premiums . "  We -LSB- America -RSB- have a system built on profit , " the moviemaker said . He asked Gupta if the current system , which requires him to receive approval from an insurance company before performing some procedures , is cumbersome to him . "  It 's a shameful system , especially when I 'm dealing with some of my patients , " Gupta said . But he questioned Moore 's apparent solution -- putting health care in the hands of the Bush administration , which Moore fiercely criticized in the past , particularly in his film "  Fahrenheit 9/11 . " "  The government actually used to do things right , " Moore said in response . "  The problem is who we put in power . " Moore has adamantly opposed the war in Iraq and said the government should reprioritize -- a position he took many years before skepticism of the war 's success abounded in Washington . "  I am sorry we 've taken so much time trying to correct -LSB- Gupta 's -RSB- facts here tonight instead of talking about the real issue " -- the ailing health care system , Moore said . E-mail to a friend	Moore criticized a report Gupta did on CNN Monday on "  Sicko " Gupta 's report questions some of the movie 's numbers and solutions Gupta : "  I thought it was a good movie , and I wanted to say that "
CNN  -- A study by the Organization of American States concluded last month that many of the buildings in Haiti were so shoddily constructed that they were unlikely to survive any disaster , let alone an earthquake like the one that devastated Port-au-Prince on Tuesday , the man who supervised the report said Wednesday . "  You could tell very easily that these buildings were not going to survive even a -LSB- magnitude -RSB- 2 earthquake , " said Cletus Springer , director of the Department of Sustainable Development at OAS in Washington . Structures were built on slopes without proper foundations or containment structures , using improper building practices , insufficient steel and insufficient attention to development control , the urban planner said . Much of the poor-quality work can be traced to the grinding poverty pervasive in Haiti , he said . "  As we know , the poverty in Haiti lends itself to people building where they want , how they can , " he said . "  It was our experience , especially coming out of Grenada , that in the poorer countries the construction quality standards are pretty lax , " "  Unfortunately , the earthquake yesterday has revealed that . " After Hurricane Ivan flattened much of Grenada in September 2004 , the OAS carried out a similar research effort , then helped the island nation strengthen its building practices , Springer said . Within three years , artisans and engineers had been trained to strengthen that island 's building-control systems and procedures , he said . Even financing was addressed . "  We worked with the banks to be sure we could properly vet applications for mortgages . " But much of the Caribbean , including Haiti , has no building codes , he said . "  So now we need to work with the Haitian authorities to develop a building code that is suited to Haiti and its peculiar conditions . " Those peculiarities include its location on a fault line and in the path of hurricanes . Springer said the country must work with the private sector and the banking sector to devise a low-income building ethic for Haiti . "  Because of the poverty levels , not everybody 's going to be able to build to the exacting standards that a building code would require , " Springer said . Tuesday 's earthquake showed that even those buildings that should have been constructed to the highest standards -- hospitals , schools , the presidential palace -- collapsed , he said . "  Schools , hospitals , all government facilities should be safe so that , in the event of catastrophes like these , these buildings can withstand these things so there can be some continuity in the operations of government and the private sector , " he said . "  Going forward , we need to help Haiti to build back better . " That means building safer homes that can withstand hurricane-force winds and earthquakes of 7 magnitude , he said . But any such effort will require a great deal of support from the international community and collaboration with universities so that they can train the next generation of engineers , construction workers and masons to help Port-au-Prince rebuild safely . The report -- funded by the OAS and more than 100 pages in length -- has not been made public , he said . "  It was not produced for external consumption , " he said , adding that he did not know when parts of it might be released .	Organization of American States study says buildings could n't take disaster Poor-quality work can be traced to the grinding poverty , OAS official says Building code needs to be developed in Haiti , he says November study has not been made public
CNN  -- The growth of e-commerce in China has outpaced that of western countries during the past five years . This is largely due to the rapid growth of Internet users , improved online payments , increasing coverage and improving services . Such a trend will continue in the next five years with sales volume predicted to remain at 27 % cost of goods sold . Among all the e-commerce business models , business-to-consumer e-commerce is outgrowing others due to its credibility , scale , and services variety and scope . By 2017 , business-to-consumer e-commerce in China is predicted to double its share and reach 46 % of the total online sale , according to the China Internet Network Information Center . Yihaodian 's fast growth illustrates this trend . In the five years since its launch in July 2008 , Yihaodian has increased its selection from 3,000 stock-keeping units to over 2 million , fulfillment centers from one in Shanghai to 17 in seven cities , revenue from 4 million yuan to over 6 billion yuan , and employees from 40 people to over 9,000 . Yihaodian , which started as an online supermarket by offering mostly fast-moving consumer products , now boasts categories ranging from consumer electronics , apparel , books to mom and baby products . China , in its current state , lends itself perfectly to e-commerce . The rising incomes of its massive population pave the foundation for a growing user base and this population 's density and residential infrastructure allow for efficient logistics . And that 's only the beginning . China 's Internet user penetration is barely 43 % compared to the United States , which is near 80 % , and its online shopping penetration is less than 40 % of its Internet user base , about half of the U.S. . If these statistics reach the U.S. levels , e-commerce in China will triple its scale . 1 . Characteristics of Chinese e-commerce China 's e-commerce industry has many unique characteristics , some a result of its nascent state and some a result of China 's intrinsic cultural behaviors . Yihaodian exemplifies several of these characteristics . Cash on delivery  COD  is still a popular means of payment due to lack of trust in both online payment systems and the e-commerce providers themselves . However , when people start to gain trust through trial purchases , they shift towards online payment . When we launched Yihaodian in 2008 , we had more than 70 % of orders paying COD , but now it is less than 20 % . Last mile delivery is mostly done on mopeds and motorcycles due to dense city traffic and the high cost of delivery by trucks . The logistics industry is very fragmented in China , with the likes of UPS and Fedex in China still unable to provide nationwide coverage and quality service . Many large e-commerce companies have chosen to build their own last mile delivery capabilities to ensure a better customer experience and to facilitate faster growth . In 2011 , Yihaodian started our own last mile delivery alongside 30 third party logistics partnerships , allowing us to cover the entire nation . Such a decision was based on the fact that more than 60 % of our customers ' complaints were centered around delivery services . Very soon , our own last mile delivery services started to bear fruit with a significantly improved customer experience and a 10 % improvement in our CSAT  customer satisfaction  score . As our order density increases over time , our delivery cost also declines . In 2012 , we launched the Service by Yihaodian  SBY  model to provide our merchants with logistics , marketing , platform , and data services . Through SBY , our last mile delivery fleet not only serves our own customers , but also merchants who sell through their own website or through other marketplace platforms . This has further helped us reduce our last mile delivery costs . Chinese shoppers ' behavior is quite different from western countries . For example , online shoppers in the U.S. are used to opening one window at a time and flipping back and forth via navigation buttons , but Chinese online shoppers prefer that each click opens a new window allowing them to navigate a site by jumping between several windows . The user interface of e-commerce websites in the U.S. are usually very simple and clean with plenty of images , but Chinese shoppers favor crowded websites with information and links all packed into one page providing the impression of a high-energy shopping atmosphere . Yihaodian 's first homepage was simple and clean mimicking that of such model websites in the western countries , but after receiving our users ' feedback , we quickly made changes . In general , Chinese consumers are very price sensitive and right now , Chinese e-commerce is primarily a promotion driven business . Shoppers do not yet value the concept of "  time is money . " Whereas , in the western countries , shoppers are willing to pay considerable fees for expedited delivery , this behavior in China is rare . 2 . Challenges faced by multi-national companies Not many successes for multi-national Internet companies  not only e-commerce companies  can be found in China . Failed or struggling examples include eBay , Google , Yahoo and Groupon . Reasons include : a  Insufficient understanding of Chinese consumers ' shopping behavior , simply copying global business models to fit China 's market ; b  Management is not localized , not adapting for local competition ; c  Higher operational cost than local companies due to compliance and operational overhead ; d  Improper organizational structure , resulting in low decision efficiency . E-commerce is a fiercely competitive field , needing much faster and dynamic decisions and local management teams need to be more empowered to respond to the dynamics of the local market . Yihaodian received an investment by Walmart in 2011 , establishing our strategic partnership . We share resources in sourcing , logistics , e-commerce technology , and private label products . This partnership has helped Yihaodian to provide Chinese consumers with more choices , better service and even better prices . It is more beneficial for multi-national companies and brands to conduct e-commerce in China through strategic partnerships or through an e-commerce solution provider to ensure a higher success rate . 3 . Trends in e-commerce in China China 's e-commerce industry is experiencing a transition from online shopping as more of a niche market towards online shopping becoming a lifestyle . It is evolving from tasting new , special , and hard-to-find products to buying daily consumption needs such as food , drinks , toothpastes and shampoos . Mobile commerce is growing at an even faster rate . Consumers using mobile apps exhibit different buying behavior from those using personal computers . For example , Yihaodian 's traffic on personal computers and on mobile apps peak at different hours of the day and different days of the week . Our mobile traffic peaks in the evenings and weekends while personal computer traffic peaks in the early afternoons and during weekdays . Orders on apps are usually smaller , but with a higher frequency and people using both devices are more loyal and sticky . E-commerce in China is also rapidly penetrating third and fourth tier cities , predominantly due to growing Internet penetration , a local shortage of shopping malls and supermarkets , and an overall lack of available products . Social commerce is also starting to blossom in China . People trust their friends , opinion leaders and fellow consumers . The advancement of Weibo and social networking sites has accelerated this . Yihaodian started social commerce five years ago by embedding our website into a well-know social networking site Tianya . Yihaodian 's official Sina Weibo site has attracted over 2 million fans and some of this site 's marketing events have resulted in over one million message forwards . There is also a trend of integration in the Internet world in China . In the past , we have independent portals : search sites , navigation sites , game sites , social networks , and e-commerce , but many are being integrated to provide customers with one-stop service . On November 11 , 2012 , China 's e-commerce industry single handedly created a nationwide promotions holiday which we referred to as "  Single 's Day . " Online sales reached 30 % of total national retail , a number that will no doubt become the norm in the near future . We are fortunate to witness this change and proud to be a part of making this happen .	By 2017 , business-to-consumer e-commerce in China is predicted to double its share Yihaodian , an online grocery business , has boomed since 2008 launch Facets of Chinese e-commerce differs from U.S. websites , writes Yu Gang
CNN  After months racing not only to treat Ebola but to find ways to prevent it , health authorities will launch a vaccination campaign Saturday in one of the areas that has been most devastated by the disease . The trial , using vaccines developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada , will be administered in Basse Guinee , a region that has had the highest number of Ebola cases in Guinea . Another vaccine will be tested in a subsequent study , according to a press release from the World Health Organization , Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  , and the Norwegian Institute of Public Health . "  We have worked hard to reach this point , " WHO Director-General Dr. Margaret Chan said . " ... If a vaccine is found effective , it will be the first preventive tool against Ebola in history . " Patient Zero -- i.e. the first case in the current Ebola outbreak -- is thought to be a 2-year-old Guinean boy who contracted the virus in December 2013 and died a few days later . Since then , the vast majority of the more than 23,900 cases and more than 9,800 deaths reported by WHO have come in Guinea and neighboring Liberia and Sierra Leone . There are new Ebola cases every day , including 132 in the last week of February  which is up from 99 reported the previous week  . While Liberia did n't have any of these new incidences , Guinea did -- especially in Forecariah and Conakry . Still , authorities in Africa and their partners around the world have had significant successes generally in combating the deadly disease . The progress -- as measured in the rate of new cases , with January 's incidences being the lowest in seven months -- has been so significant that health authorities ' focus has shifted from slowing the spread to ending the epidemic . This positive movement has come as a result of steps like better disease control , public awareness campaigns and attention to burial practices . But the tool that has been used to eradicate many other contagious diseases -- vaccines -- has been elusive . That 's why , over the past six months , WHO has been working with scientists , ethicists and policymakers to try to create both better treatment therapies and a vaccine that will stop people for getting Ebola in the first place . Health workers in the Guinea trial will start with a new Ebola case and then trace all of that patient 's contacts , giving each of them the option of getting vaccinated . John-Arne Rottingen , from the Norwegian Institute of Public Health , said this program is happening at the request of Guinean authorities and called the participation of residents there "  vital " to its success . "  The Ebola epidemic shows signs of receding but we can not let our guard down until we reach zero cases , " WHO official Marie-Paule Kieny said . "  An effective vaccine to control current flare-ups could be the game-changer to finally end this epidemic and an insurance policy for any future ones . "	WHO leader : This vaccine could be "  the first preventive tool against Ebola in history " This trial campaign will be conducted in a hard-hit region of the West African nation of Guinea Authorities have had success in curbing Ebola , but dozens of new cases still arise each week
Eight previously unheard Michael Jackson songs will be released on a new album in May , Epic Records announced Monday . The late pop icon 's music has been "  contemporized " by several producers who Epic Chairman L.A. Reid believes have the "  gravitas , depth and range to creatively engage with Jackson 's work , " the announcement said . Fans can preorder the new album , titled "  Xscape , " on iTunes starting Tuesday , but it will be in stores around the world on May 13 , the company said . Jackson died at age 50 on June 25 , 2009 , while preparing for his "  This Is It " comeback tour . "  Michael left behind some musical performances that we take great pride in presenting through the vision of music producers that he either worked directly with or expressed strong desire to work with , " Reid said . Timbaland is the lead producer , with contributions from Rodney Jerkins , Stargate , Jerome "  J-Roc " Harmon and Jackson estate executor John McClain , the release said . Timberland had previously revealed he was working on the project for Epic . The album title is derived from one of the new singles . Jackson and Jerkins co-wrote and co-produced the song "  Xscape , " which Jerkins "  contemporized " for the project , the company said . Sony 's Columbia Epic Records -- Jackson 's record label for three decades -- signed a long-term deal with Jackson 's estate to posthumously release music from the large archives of his recordings . Reid "  was granted unlimited access to the treasures representing four decades of material on which Jackson had completed his vocals , " the announcement said . The Epic release included a quote from Jackson estate co-executors John Branca and John McClain supporting the new album . "  Michael was always on the cutting edge and was constantly reaching out to new producers , looking for new sounds . He was always relevant and current . These tracks , in many ways , capture that spirit . We thank L.A. Reid for his vision . " "  New " music is not always met with a warm reception from fans and the Jackson family . Some questioned the authenticity of the vocals on a 2010 album , although the estate and the record company said sound experts verified Jackson 's voice .	Fans can preorder on iTunes Tuesday or get "  Xscape " in stores May 13 Jackson 's songs have been "  contemporized " for the new album , Epic says Timbaland is the lead producer Jackson died at age 50 on June 25 , 2009 , while preparing for his "  This Is It " comeback tour .
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- A justice of the peace in Louisiana who has drawn widespread criticism for refusing to issue a marriage license to an interracial couple says he has no regrets about his decision . Keith Bardwell says he has no regrets for denying a marriage license to an interracial couple . "  It 's kind of hard to apologize for something that you really and truly feel down in your heart you have n't done wrong , " Keith Bardwell told CNN affiliate WAFB on Saturday . Bardwell , a justice of the peace for Tangipahoa Parish 's 8th Ward , refused to issue a marriage license to Beth Humphrey , 30 , and her boyfriend , Terence McKay , 32 , both of Hammond . Bardwell 's actions have elicited reactions from some top officials , including Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , who called for Bardwell 's dismissal . "  This is a clear violation of constitutional rights and federal and state law . ... disciplinary action should be taken immediately -- including the revoking of his license , " the Republican governor said Friday . Bardwell has not returned repeated calls from CNN this week . But he told Hammond 's Daily Star in a story Thursday that he did not marry the couple because he was concerned for the children who might be born of the relationship and that , in his experience , most interracial marriages do n't last . "  I 'm not a racist , " Bardwell told the newspaper . "  I do ceremonies for black couples right here in my house . My main concern is for the children . " Bardwell , stressing that he could n't personally endorse the marriage , said his wife referred the couple to another justice of the peace . Watch why justice says he nixed interracial marriage " Humphrey and McKay received their marriage license October 9 from another justice of the peace in the same parish . They have reached out to an attorney to determine their next step , Humphrey said . "  We would like him to resign , " Beth McKay said . "  He does n't believe he 's being racist , but it is racist . " The National Urban League called for an investigation into the incident by the U.S. Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division , saying in a statement that Bardwell 's actions were "  a huge step backward in social justice . " According to the Census Bureau , Tangipahoa Parish is about 70 percent white and 30 percent black . The U.S. Supreme Court tossed out any racially-based limitations on marriage in the landmark 1967 Loving v. Virginia case . In the unanimous decision , the court said that "  Under our Constitution , the freedom to marry , or not marry , a person of another race resides with the individual and can not be infringed by the State . "	NEW : "  Hard to apologize when you have n't done wrong , " justice of peace says Beth McKay says she 's hurt after Louisiana justice of peace denied marriage license Keith Bardwell says he wo n't wed interracial couples , but denies he 's racist State officials have called for Bardwell 's dismissal
CNN  -- Hundreds of people gathered Tuesday night for a candlelight vigil outside a San Diego , California , church in honor of a teenage girl missing since Thursday . The vigil was held just hours after authorities said they found human remains in an area where they had been searching for 17-year-old Chelsea King . "  There is strong likelihood that we have found Chelsea , " San Diego County Sheriff William Gore said at a news conference . The remains were found in a shallow grave along the shoreline of a tributary south of a lake in Rancho Bernardo Community Park , authorities said . Searchers have been combing the edge of Lake Hodges for any clue into the disappearance of King , a cross-country runner who often ran along the park 's trails . The last reported sighting of the high school senior was at school Thursday , according to sheriff 's department spokeswoman Susan Plese . Her car , with her cell phone inside , was found at the park , Plese said . Police arrested 30-year-old John Albert Gardner III on Sunday in connection with the disappearance . Gardner is being held in the San Diego Central Jail on rape and first-degree murder charges , according to jail records available online Tuesday night . Gardner is due to appear in court later Wednesday . Follow local coverage on KGTV Gore said the body was found in a heavily wooded area not visible from nearby homes . A shoe had been found earlier in the same area . He said King 's parents have been informed of the discovery . "  They were holding out hope as we all were that we would find Chelsea alive , " he said . "  This is our worst fears that we would find her as we did today . " At Tuesday night 's vigil , friends and family were expected to speak about King and play some of her favorite songs . Gore said he expected to have positive identification of the body by Wednesday . Gardner , a registered sex offender , is scheduled to be arraigned Wednesday , according to San Diego County district attorney 's spokesman Steve Walker .	Hundreds gather for a candlelight vigil to honor teen girl missing since Thursday Human remains found in shallow grave in park where Chelsea King was known to run King , 17 , was last seen at school ; her car , with cell phone inside , was found at park John Albert Gardner III , 30 , is being held on rape and first-degree murder charges
CNN  -- Four survivors of the US Airways Flight 1549 that went down in the Hudson River appeared on "  Larry King Live " Thursday to discuss a recording of the pilot calmly telling an air traffic controller the plane would ditch . Carl Bazarian , clockwise from left , Vince Spera , Alberto Panero and Brad Wentzell appeared on "  Larry King Live . " "  We 're gon na be in the Hudson , " pilot Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger radioed on January 15 , about three and a half minutes after the Airbus A320 took off from New York 's LaGuardia Airport . The Federal Aviation Administration released the recording on Thursday , a day after the National Transportation Safety Board said both the plane 's engines contained the remains of birds . Larry King : Carl , what goes through you when you hear the recording , especially the calmness ? Carl Bazarian , survivor : You know , to me -- my son played it for me this morning . I found it incredibly stressful and sobering that we were so close to death . And that 's the bad side . And I 'm really not keen on hearing it too many more times . But on the other side , it 's exhilarating . Again , we were blessed with the best feat in aviation , with the best pilot and co-pilot . That 's all I can say . King : Vince , what goes through your mind ? Vince Spera , survivor : Larry , the entire conversation that you hear going back and forth is just indicative of how the entire cabin was . It was calm , controlled , but tense . That 's really what that conversation started to sound like to me . Listen to pilot 's communication with flight controller " King : Alberto ? Alberto Panero , survivor : It 's filling in pieces to the puzzle . While everything was going on in the plane , we did n't have much information of what was going on actually . So hearing this now kind of fits into the puzzle , where we see where I was at the point when everything was happening in the plane . King : Brad ? Brad Wentzell , survivor : It 's an amazing thing to hear , not only from our perspective , when we were basically going for a ride , but to hear from the man who -- just him and the Good Lord had our lives in his hand . King : How do you feel , Carl -- you 'll see the whole crew with us Tuesday night -- when you hear the captain talk ? Bazarian : First thing , he 's very honest about it . But I do n't know how -- we all had disbelief . It was all surreal . How then he was so energized to exhibit the highest professionalism . I think it 's an incredible aviation feat . And my fellow friends , they will comment . But how did he get that composure ? Watch survivors react to hearing the tape " We were all panicky . Not panicky , I think Vince is right . We were kind of cool , but concerned , overly concerned . How did he regain himself and do what he did ? I do n't know how he did it . King : Vince , were there a lot of moments , Vince , when you thought you bought it ? Spera : Actually , no . There was never a point in time when I thought I was going to die . Obviously , I think the way the people in the cabin behaved contributed to my feeling that way . It was just a lot of control . We felt like the pilot was in control . Obviously , it all worked out . At no point did I feel like I was going to die . I 'm very happy to hear the captain truly did n't feel that way either . King : Alberto , how about when it hit the water ? Did you think you were going to go under ? Panero : No . I think as soon as we hit the water , we realized that the worst was over and the most important thing was to get out as soon as possible , making sure that the doors got open quickly and that everybody stayed calm and tried to exit as calmly as possible , because at first people were trying to get out quick and trying to push a little bit . But I think everybody realized that the more organized that we did it , the faster we would get out . I think that helped out a lot . King : Brad , the last few weeks , have you had flashbacks ? Do you think about it a lot ? Wentzell : I 've had a few flashbacks . For me the most real thing that I keep playing back in my head is saying goodbye to my family in prayer and saying goodbye to my little daughter , my loved ones , my wife , and waiting to die . It 's a very real feeling . I was n't as optimistic . No one ever knows when they 're going to die . I felt that was my time . Apparently , the Good Lord still has a few things for me to do on this Earth . King : Carl , you 're looking out the window here , I guess . Bazarian : Yes , I was . King : What are you thinking ? Bazarian : The first reality when we hit , I thought , initially , the landing was so good I thought we were back on the tarmac . That was my immediate reaction . But then the water -- immediately , we saw the water out the window . Again , like Vince said , when we saw that daylight of the door opening , it was n't a herd of people trying to rush out . It was pretty good composure . I guess Vince is right . We picked up on the courage of the crew and the flight attendants . King : Vince , there was one passenger who thought he landed . Spera : Yes . I heard several stories about reactions of different people . Honestly , most of the people knew exactly what was going on and they really just wanted to get out and get to safety . But I did hear somebody attempting to pick up their bag and do some other things like that . Fortunately , most of those people were on the right side of the plane . I got to get out the left . King : Alberto , have you flown since ? Panero : Actually , I have . The next day I took a plane home . I figured that was going to be the easiest way to just get over any kind of possible trauma , just get back on the plane . And I just kept focused on seeing my family and friends and that got me through the flight pretty well . And also the lady that was sitting next to me was very nice and just happened to make friendly conversation . So it worked out pretty good . Panero : Brad , have you met the captain ? Wentzell : I did meet the captain . That was very real thing . He 's just as cool and calm in person as you would expect , for someone who was able to do , from what I believe , no one else on the planet could do . He was very humble . I think we all have been humbled from this experience .	Four survivors of Flight 1549 react to recording of pilot dealing with emergency "  I 'm really not keen on hearing it too many more times , " one survivor says "  How did -LSB- the pilot -RSB- get that composure ? " another survivor asks
CNN  -- Remains discovered in Virginia earlier this week are those of missing police officer Kevin Quick , a Virginia State Police spokeswoman said Saturday . Earlier , police had said the officer was dead and charged five people in connection with the killing , but had not identified his remains . On Saturday , police confirmed that a man 's body found Thursday was indeed Quick 's . Quick was a reserve captain -- a volunteer officer -- in the small central Virginia city of Waynesboro . Authorities have not said how , when or why Quick died . Nor have they specified his relation to those involved in his disappearance and death , including whether he knew them personally , was targeted for his police work or perhaps was randomly targeted . State Police spokeswoman Corrine Geller said three people were arrested Thursday in connection with the case -- 22-year-old Gert Wright , 49-year-old Leslie Hope Casterlow and 31-year-old Anthony Stokes Jr. . All three are being held without bond at Henricho County Jail on felony charges of being "  a principal in the second degree " to Quick 's death and of gang participation . This is in addition to previously announced arrests of three siblings Tuesday night at a hotel in the Washington suburb of Alexandria , Virginia . Daniel Mathis and his sister , Mersadies Shelton , have been charged with grand larceny in the theft of Quick 's 1999 Toyota 4Runner . A second sister , Shantai Shelton -- who has not yet been charged directly in Quick 's case -- was picked up on an outstanding warrant from Louisa County , east of Charlottesville , where Sunday night 's armed robbery took place , Geller said earlier this week . In 1990 , Quick joined his father in the reserve arm of the Waynesboro police department -- members of which are n't paid but hold ranks , have badges and carry firearms like full-time officers . He rose up the ranks while working paying day jobs , including the past 15 years as a production coordinator for the synthetic fabrics company Invista . His position there was eliminated in what Waynesboro police Sgt. Brian Edwards called an "  amicable " separation .	Police identified the remains of a missing reserve police officer Five people have been charged in the case Authorities have not said how , when or why Kevin Quick died
CNN  -- Mohamed Bouazizi , a 26-year-old unemployed college graduate from Tunisia , began a fruit and vegetable stand to earn a living . But he did not have a permit . In December , the local police came after him . "  The police not only confiscated his stand , but they also beat him up , " said Khadija Cherif of the Federation of Human Rights Leagues , a Paris-based group . In protest , Bouazizi set himself on fire . He died almost three weeks later . His death helped spark a revolution that led to the ouster of President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , who 'd ruled Tunisia for 23 years . Since then , unrest has engulfed North Africa and the Middle East , with protesters taking to the streets in Algeria and Egypt , Jordan and Yemen . From a lack of economic opportunities for vast segments of society to governments that provide little say for citizens , there are many factors behind the current demonstrations . But a significant one is the frustration of a generation of young people in the region struggling to support themselves and their families . The region is now home to more than 100 million young people between the ages of 15 to 29 , according to "  Generation in Waiting , " a book edited by Navtej Dhillon and Tarik Yousef that explores the challenges facing this age group . They are educated . Most countries in the region have high rates of school enrollment at the primary level . And many have high achievement at the secondary level , according to data collected and analyzed by Samantha Constant and Mary Kraetsch of the Middle East Youth Initiative at the Brookings Institution . But the data can be deceptive . "  They 're getting the schooling , but it 's very poor quality schooling , " said Ragui Assaad , an expert in the politics and economics of the Middle East and North Africa at the University of Minnesota . He is also affiliated with the Brookings Institution . "  You have tremendous expansion in schooling , more than any other parts of the world in terms of rates of growth of enrollment . But  it is  very low quality schooling that does n't provide you with any skills that are useful in the labor market . " Rany Ibrahim , 32 , who left Cairo , Egypt , in 2003 to study in Canada , told CNN iReport that the public university system there was "  really bad . " "  I did n't feel I got the education I deserved , " he said . "  You get the degree , but you feel like you do n't know much . " Ibrahim said the class sizes were large , and there was little personal time with professors . "  The professors do n't have the power to teach freely ,  and  the technology is very old , " Ibrahim said . "  Instead of having a few entrusted qualified graduates , you have many , many graduates but with really poor education . " For previous generations in these countries , there were two job options after schooling : the private sector or the public sector . However , because of the poor quality of education , it 's difficult for many of this generation to get a quality job in the private sector , Assaad said . Meanwhile , jobs in the public sector -- essentially those provided by the government -- are shrinking as economies transition from a state-led to market-led mode of development and the number of people grows . "  Employers know a government degree is worth nothing , that they do n't really learn much , " said Ibrahim , the Egyptian expatriate The oil-rich countries in the Gulf -- Oman or the United Arab Emirates , for example -- are an exception , Assaad said . They can still deliver on the bargain because of oil revenue . Expats of the Arab world : Share your story Across the region , unemployment rates are about 11 percent , according to "  Generation in Waiting . " Unemployment rates for those between the ages of 15 to 29 are much higher , ranging from 20 to 30 percent in most countries . In Algeria , it is nearly 46 percent and about 45 percent in Iraq . Many wait two to three years to get their first job , the book says . And there is a gender gap , with young women often having the most difficulty finding a job . Many of the region 's young people are having difficulties finding housing and are delaying marriage because of the bleak economic prospects , the book says . "  It was very hard to get a job . I got a couple of jobs , but you have to show connections , " Ibrahim said . "  My family helped me get jobs , but I always had a hard time to get a job that fit or made me feel fulfilled . " He eventually won a scholarship and moved to Canada , leaving his family behind , to pursue a graduate degree in information technology . Imagine a generation the size of the baby boomers in the United States trying to find a job in the U.S. economy of the late 1970s or the early 1980s , and you 'll have a rough equivalent of what 's happening across the region , Assaad said . "  There 's going to be a lost generation , in some sense , " he said . It is a generation whose aspirations and expectations have been stifled , with little outlet for their grievances and frustrations other than to take to the streets .	Experts : More than 100 million young people live in North Africa and the Middle East The generation is educated , but the quality of schooling is poor , experts say A considerable number of young people in the region are unemployed This leaves them with stifled aspirations , little outlet for grievances
CNN  -- Thomas Edison came up with a way to play back recorded sound in 1878 . But 20 years before the inventor patented the phonograph , French scientist Ã ‰ douard-LÃ © on Scott de Martinville was fiddling around in his laboratory trying to come up with a way to record sound . His invention , the phonautogram , enabled him to create a visual representation of his voice . Scott de Martinville was n't able to listen back to his recordings , though . The science of acoustics was in its infancy . He could only see lines etched in soot . His achievements were long-forgotten until a group of historians , audio engineers and scientists searched for his work . The First Sounds Collaborative found it in the archives of the French Academy of Sciences in 2008 . "  His machine would capture the vibrations out of the air and write them on to a moving piece of paper , " said David Giovannoni , one of the founders of First Sounds . "  When you look at the writing that this machine made , it looks exactly like a sound wave would look on audio editing software today . " Giovannoni and his group analyzed Scott de Martinville 's work with audio software and unlocked the sound held in the waveforms . The result is like listening to a ghostly time machine , the voice of a man from 150 years ago singing French song "  Au Clair de la lune . " The earliest known sound recordings can be heard at www.firstsounds.org . Giovannoni said recordings like these are extremely important . "  Imagine studying art without being able to actually look at the canvases themselves . What modern technology and modern scholarship are opening up is a window into past human endeavors that we can hear through . " Nearly 20 years after Scott de Martinville experimented with recording his voice in Paris , Edison perfected a way to record and play back audio at his laboratory in New Jersey . His invention would spark a new industry , the recording business . Tim Brooks is a historian of early audio recordings . His home in Greenwich , Connecticut , is a private museum of sorts , with a collection of recording and playback devices from a century ago . Chests of drawers are filled with recordings made more than 100 years ago . Brooks is part of a network of historians and audiophiles on a mission to find and preserve the earliest recordings ever made . They do this with a sense of urgency . The recordings from the late 1800s were made on very fragile cylinders . "  They were made of a soft kind of wax , " said Brooks . "  They 're very subject to humidity and mold . And if they 're not stored carefully , then you will take them out a few years later and suddenly you ca n't hear anything because the mold has eaten it up . " A new window onto history was recently opened up at Edison 's laboratory in New Jersey . As the place was undergoing renovations , someone discovered a long-forgotten box containing cylinder recordings of Otto von Bismarck . The influential 19th-century statesman unified Germany and preserved peace in Europe for more than 40 years . The cylinders were n't in the best condition , but they were still listenable . Through the static , you can hear von Bismarck on the Thomas Edison National Historic Park 's website reciting poetry . "  Nobody living today had ever heard the great German chancellor . Today we can , " said Giovannoni . "  By hearing it , it conveys all sorts of information that may or may not have survived in printed accounts of the man and of his speaking . " Brooks is researching the earliest African-American recordings ever made as well as black spirituals recorded by white performers . He wrote extensively about Jack Johnson , the first African-American heavyweight boxing champion . In 1910 , he beat a white man in what was called the fight of the century . His win sparked deadly race riots across a racially divided country . "  At that time , he recorded his description of the fight . ... This recording had been thought lost for years and years and years , " said Brooks . "  He -LSB- Johnson -RSB- is usually portrayed as a kind of Muhammad Ali character , A very big living in your face guy in the middle of white America causing lots of turmoil because he lives so large and makes so many outrageous statements . " But the recording reveals a very different Jack Johnson . "  You can see that he 's like a politician . He knows he 's in a dangerous place because he 's a black man in a very racist white American . And he 's dealing with it in a way that is playing on the fairness of the game -- may the best man win -- as opposed to the racial aspects of it , " said Brooks . "  That 's a whole different view of this person than we did get before just from the written word . " Brooks says preserving long-forgotten recordings is important work precisely for that reason . "  In a way , scholarship has n't caught up yet with the importance of recorded sound and understanding why leaders were able to lead and change history the way they did , " said Brooks . "  Once in a while , if our ears are open and we 're really listening it , can change our understanding of how they were able to do what they did . " Brooks anxiously awaits the next discovery of a long-forgotten recording that will change our view of history . In the meantime , he has plenty of wax recordings in his home museum to study and preserve .	Historians and audiophiles are on a mission to find and preserve the earliest recordings Modern technology is unlocking recordings from more than 150 years ago Tim Brooks is researching the earliest African-American recordings
CNN  -- Olympic gymnast Shawn Johnson , who announced over the weekend she would retire because of recurring knee problems , said Monday the decision was one of the hardest of her life and that she thinks its impact has n't truly hit her . "  Having that period of my life over with is surreal . I do n't think it 's settled in yet . It just came to a point where my body could n't take anymore and kept telling me I had to face the science , " she told CNN 's Erin Burnett . "  It was definitely one of the hardest decisions I 've ever made , " she said . Johnson , 20 , won one gold and three silver medals during the 2008 Olympics in Beijing . She also won a season of "  Dancing with the Stars , " waltzing her way into the hearts of millions of American fans . Even though she wo n't be able to compete at the Olympics this year , Johnson told Burnett she still plans to go to London to cheer on her teammates . "  If I ca n't be on the podium competing , I 'll be in the stands cheering my head off for them , " she said . Asked by Burnett what she plans to do next , Johnson said she will take a year off and then hopefully start college . "  I 've had that on my list ever since I was little and my parents are going to make sure that happens , " said Johnson . "  As for career , I have no idea . I do n't even know what I 'm going to be doing tomorrow right now because my plans have changed a little bit , but I 'm excited to see what opportunities are going to arise . "	Shawn Johnson won four Olympic medals and a season of "  Dancing with the Stars " She is retiring at 20 because of recurring knee problems "  It was definitely one of the hardest decisions I 've ever made , " Johnson says
Washington  CNN  -- Republican Sen. John Ensign of Nevada , who is under an ethics investigation by the Senate , announced Thursday that he will resign his seat on May 3 . Ensign had previously said he would not run for re-election in 2012 following revelations that he had an affair with a female aide who was the wife of another top aide , and that his parents subsequently gave money to the aides ' family . "  While I stand behind my firm belief that I have not violated any law , rule , or standard of conduct of the Senate , and I have fought to prove this publicly , I will not continue to subject my family , my constituents , or the Senate to any further rounds of investigation , depositions , drawn out proceedings , or especially public hearings , " Ensign said in the statement . "  For my family and me , this continued personal cost is simply too great . " Ensign : There are consequences for sin Ensign has admitted to having an affair with Cindy Hampton , a campaign aide and the wife of Ensign 's former chief of staff , Doug Hampton . Investigators are looking into efforts by Ensign to assist the Hampton family by providing a nearly $ 100,000 payment to them , arranging lobbying work for Doug Hampton , and possibly meeting with Doug Hampton on a lobbying matter in violation of Senate rules . In February , the Senate ethics committee announced the appointment of a special counsel for the Ensign investigation . According to Ensign , the Justice Department has previously told him it would not bring criminal charges in the case . Read more about ethics committee action "  I am gratified that , after extended investigations , both the Department of Justice and the Federal Election Commission saw no grounds on which to charge me with improper conduct , " said Ensign 's statement Thursday . "  I was hopeful that , with the closure of these investigations against me the wear and tear on my family and me would soon be over . This was not the case . " Ensign , 53 , was first elected to the Senate in 2000 . He previously was a veterinarian and general manager of the Gold Strike Hotel and Casino . After Ensign announced last month he would step down in 2012 , two House members from Nevada , Republican Rep. Dean Heller and Democratic Rep. Shelley Berkley , declared they would run to succeed him . Republican Dean Heller announces Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval , a Republican , is expected to appoint a replacement to serve the rest of Ensign 's term amid speculation that Heller would get the nod to give him an incumbent advantage in 2012 .	The Nevada senator is the focus of a Senate ethics investigation Ensign previously had said he would not run for re-election next year Two Nevada Congress members announced previously they will run for Ensign 's seat
CNN  The CDC has discovered a new virus that may have contributed to a Kansas man 's death , the agency announced Friday . Named the Bourbon virus after the county where the patient lived , the virus is likely spread by tick or insect bites , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says . A 50-year-old man suffered multiple tick bites in the spring of 2014 while working outside on his property , the CDC said in an article published in the agency 's "  Infectious Diseases " journal . The man fell ill over the next two days , went to a doctor on the third day , was hospitalized and died of a heart attack 11 days after becoming sick , the CDC said . While the man was hospitalized , test results for many infectious diseases came back negative , the press release said . A blood sample was sent to the CDC , which determined a new virus had been discovered , the press release said . The man 's symptoms included fever , tiredness , rash , headache , other body aches , nausea and vomiting , the website said . The man had low blood counts for cells that fight infection and help prevent bleeding , the website said . Though the CDC only has one case to work with , the agency said "  it is likely that Bourbon virus is spread through tick or other insect bites . " The CDC recommends people protect themselves by tick bites by using insect repellents , wearing long-sleeved shirts and pants , avoiding bushy and wooded areas and checking for ticks after spending time outdoors . The Bourbon virus is part of a group of viruses linked to tick or insect bites in Europe , Asia and Africa , the CDC said . This is the first time a virus in this group , known as thogotoviruses , has been known to cause illness in the United States , the CDC said .	The CDC named the Bourbon virus after the Kansas county where the patient lived The 50-year-old man died 11 days after falling ill , the CDC says The virus is probably spread by tick and insect bites , the CDC says
CNN  -- The crew of the International Space Station marked Thanksgiving with zero-gravity-friendly packets of smoked turkey , rehydrated cornbread dressing and a Russian side dish high above Earth . U.S. astronaut Kevin Ford , the commander of the three-man Expedition 34 crew , showed off the menu in a NASA video . He said he and his Russian crew mates , Evgeny Tarelkin and Oleg Novitskiy , would eat the traditional meal in orbit , adding a Russian mashed-potato-and-onion dish to the American holiday 's traditional favorites and washing it down with a cranberry-peach drink . Ford , Tarelkin and Novitskiy arrived at the station in late October for a five-month stint . The previous crew returned home Sunday night -- but not without leaving behind a jar of marshmallow cream for Ford 's candied yams . Three additional members are slated to join the Expedition 34 crew in late December . What are you thankful for ? Thanksgiving by the numbers	Smoked turkey , cornbread dressing and Russian potatoes for space Thanksgiving The current station crew is made up of an American and two Russians
CNN  -- People have been pretty amazing lately . Sometimes these stories get buried underneath the daily clutter of social media updates , news programs and workplace conversations . But we noticed . And decided it 's just not fair to keep all this goodness to ourselves . So here are 5 examples of humans being awesome . We hope it brightens your weekend . 1 . Cop buys suspected shoplifter $ 100 worth of groceries The Florida police officer who bought groceries for a shoplifter and her children says she did it "  just because I needed to . " "  She touched me , " Miami-Dade Police Officer Vicki Thomas told CNN . "  I could relate , " Thomas said . "  I was a single mom and , without the help of my family , that could have been me . " Thomas ' act of generosity made national news and brought offers of help to the woman in need , Jessica Robles , and even a possible job opportunity . Robles told CNN affiliate WSVN she was desperate and had no money to pay for groceries for her daughter and two young sons . According to Miami-Dade Police , Robles walked out of a Publix supermarket in late September with a cart carrying $ 300 worth of groceries . She had n't paid for them . Thomas looked at Robles ' criminal history and did n't find any major charges , WSVN reported . Instead of being taken into custody , Robles was issued a notice to appear in court and charged with a misdemeanor . Thomas decided -- in addition to telling Robles about food banks , churches and other places she could get food -- she was going to help Robles and her family . "  I made the decision to buy her some groceries because arresting her was n't going to solve the problem with her children being hungry , " she said . 2 . Customers refuse tip to server , other patrons rally around him A waiter was thanked for his excellent service during a recent meal at Carrabba 's Italian Grill in Overland Park , Kansas . But that thank you came with an anti-gay message , and without a tip . The man and his mother , who also works as a hostess told affiliate KCTV , they were very upset by what was written on the back of the check earlier this week after he waited on a couple . The note read , "  Thank you for your service , it was excellent . That being said , we can not in good conscience tip you , for your homosexual lifestyle is an affront to GOD .  Homosexual slur  do not share in the wealth of GOD , and you will not share in ours , " the customer wrote . "  We hope you will see the tip your  homosexual slur  choices made you lose out on , and plan accordingly . It is never too late for GOD 's love , but none shall be spared for  homosexual slur  . May GOD have mercy on you . " Since word has spread through social media , other customers are coming in to offer words of encouragement and tip the young server extra . 3 . Contagious kindness at Minnesota Dairy Queen A beloved family doctor from Chaska , Minnesota , loved his patients and his ice cream . When he died , to honor his memory , his family visited their pop 's favorite Dairy Queen and gave $ 200 to pay for everybody 's treat , a sweet reminder of the man they loved . Then , the people who received that free ice cream , paid it forward , too . Customers spent $ 700 for everybody for the entire day . In a great coincidence , the Dairy Queen clerk was Joey Prusak . He 's the young manager who saw a customer steal a blind man 's money , and refused to serve her unless she gave it back . When she would n't , he dipped into his own pocket to help and Warren Buffet called him with praise . 4 . Dog 's best friend : Woman carried injured dog down mountain Andi Davis had no idea her regular hike would wind up making national news . Davis had hiked about a half mile uphill last Friday , October 18 , along a deserted trail in Phoenix when she found the black and white pit bull , suffering from bullet wounds , said Arizona Humane Society spokeswoman Bretta Nelson in an e-mail . She hesitated for a moment before approaching the dog , Nelson said . But when he lifted his head as she reached for her water bottle , Davis put her apprehension aside , gave him a drink and then lifted the 47-pound dog into her arms , Nelson said . Then , she began walking . And she kept going until the dog was in the hands of veterinarians . 5 . Oklahoma mother issues wallet thief an ultimatum We saved the best for last . An Oklahoma mother of four is in the spotlight this week after she turned the tables on a man whom she believed stole her wallet . Jessica Eaves from Guthrie , Oklahoma , said she was grocery shopping earlier this month when she noticed that her wallet was missing . Instead of calling for help , she told affiliate KOCO , she handled the situation on her own . "  I approached him and said , ` Sir , my wallet 's missing out of my purse and you were the only other person in the aisle , ' " Eaves said . She gave the man an ultimatum . Eaves told him he could either give her the wallet back and she would buy him some groceries or she would take his photo and call the police . "  He just kind of stared at me for a second and he reached into his hoodie pocket and handed it to me , " Eaves said . After she purchased $ 27 worth of groceries , Eaves said the man started crying and apologized for his desperate act . "  The last thing he said to me was , ` I 'm embarrassed , I have kids , I 'm broke and I 'm sorry , ' " she told KOCO . Do you have an example of someone being awesome you think is worth sharing ? Please send it to dorrine.mendoza@turner.com or upload your story to CNN iReport 's Good Stuff page .	Cop buys suspected shoplifter 's groceries Woman carries gravely injured dog down mountain Waiter discovers community of support after being reproached Got a good story to share ? Send it to CNN iReport
London  CNN  -- For a few days , Lockitron looked like the little app that would , and should , but then could n't . Lockitron , which enables doors to be unlocked through a smart phone , was rejected by Kickstarter in October . It was turned away for being a home improvement product , which the funding platform does not support . But then Lockitron went "  DIY " on its own crowd-funding . In one day , orders hit $ 500,000 . They are now sitting at $ 2.2 million , the equivalent of more than 15,000 units . Read more : ` Father of the internet ' : the case for online freedom Lockitron creators Cameron Robertson and Paul Gerhardt were both University of Colorado students -- studying history , economics and finance , and computer science respectively -- when they started playing with inventions . When they came up with Lockitron , the response was enthusiastic . "  People gravitated toward the doorlock -LSB- idea -RSB- . People lose their keys , keys are copied , you do n't know if a number of keys are out there ... they are a lot of inconvenience , " Robertson told CNN . The two , both 25 , had worked on a "  shoestring budget " -- around $ 10,000 to $ 15,000 -- and a year 's worth of time to fund their creation , which first released in May 2011 . Looking back at that time , Robertson says they discovered that "  oatmeal for breakfast is wonderfully filling , and wonderfully cheap . " The two "  kept living like college students , frugal college students . " Feedback was "  incredibly positive " and when they showed the product off at a party full of Silicon Valley investors , the warm reaction provided market validation , he added . Read more : Why are n't robots doing my dishes yet ? They turned to Kickstarter as the "  perfect venue " to fund the project . "  We sent our application in , thinking that in short order we 'd be approved but that 's , of course , not how it turned out . " After being rejected "  we went through the stages of grief and sadness pretty quickly because we did n't have time to deal with it , " Robertson says . Ten days later , the pair 's own crowd-funding system was up . "  We had no idea what to expect in terms of traffic , " Robertson recalls . " -LSB- We thought -RSB- if we shot for $ 150,000 in 30 days we might be able do it ... and we had no other option . " He credits Kickstarter for ensuring Lockitron had a well produced video , needed as part of the application process , which became a YouTube hit . "  It had just the right mix of excitement , and explanation of the product , " Robertson says . "  It captured people 's imaginations in just the right way . " Angel investors injected a "  few hundred thousand " into the project last year , allowing Lockitron to launch its second , more streamlined version . The first version required the app , which needs to be signed into , to be tapped to open the door . The upgraded Lockitron senses the person 's proximity to the door and unlocks it once you are in range . It also allows people to unlock their doors from afar , ensuring guests are able to get in . It works with wifi and bluetooth , sending a signal to a physical block attached to the Lockitron owner 's door . If the phone is lost , the owner needs to sign out of the app for security beyond the phone 's log-in code . It works on a conventional U.S. deadbolt , which make up 60 % to 65 % of the market , and sells for $ 179 . Robertson said the company hopes to eventually expand Lockitron into UK locks and beyond . "  The timing was right for this sort of product because people have become so used to their smartphones and using apps , that it was a natural extension they should have an app for the key as well , " Robertson says . "  A lot of people see the hardware and think that 's what we 've done but -LSB- Lockitron -RSB- is the combination of hardware and app and software , " Robertson added .	Lockitron is an app that enables doors to be unlocked through a smart phone After having been rejected by Kickstarter , the start-up managed to successfully raise funds online Lockitron senses your proximity to the door , then uses wifi or bluetooth to unlock it once you 're in range
CNN  -- It 's hard to imagine Meryl Streep having second thoughts about tackling any role , but the actress admits that she had doubts about "  Doubt , " her newest project . The cast of "  Doubt , " from left : Viola Davis , Amy Adams , Meryl Streep and Philip Seymour Hoffman . The film -- based on a Tony Award - and Pulitzer Prize-winning play by the same name -- examines what happens when a strict nun who heads a Catholic school in the Bronx suspects a charismatic priest of having an inappropriate relationship with a student . "  I actually did n't think it would ever be a movie , " Streep said . "  It was so thoroughly realized on stage , and it was so minimal . It was hard to imagine how or why you would make a movie out of it . " But Streep , who plays the terrifyingly severe and determined school principal , Sister Aloysius Beauvier , said she changed her mind when she saw the final product . "  How did they make the play without any children in it ? It is just sort of amazing to me , because to me they are sort of the landscape . They are the lambs of the movie . They are the stakes . They are why everybody is passionate . " Her co-stars are passionate about sharing the screen with a Hollywood legend . Philip Seymour Hoffman , who plays the priest targeted by Streep 's character in the film , says he "  adores " her . Amy Adams calls Streep "  a sweetheart . " Viola Davis says she 's "  just fantastic . " Davis ' performance in the movie is generating Oscar buzz , with Streep advising the actress to pick out a dress for the Academy Awards . Davis , who plays the mother of the student at the center of the sexual abuse allegations at the school , said she drew on the experiences of her mom and other women she knows to bring the role to life . She expressed awe about any suggestion of an Oscar nomination . "  It 's surreal . I do n't know how to respond to that anymore , " Davis said . "  All I wanted to do was good work . ... Everything else is just the icing on the cake . " The movie is set in 1964 , but the play was written by John Patrick Shanley after the sexual abuse scandal that rocked the Roman Catholic Church several years ago . Hoffman -- who plays Father Flynn , the priest under fire -- said the lurid headlines about molested children were n't even on his mind when he took on the project . "  It is really about something else . If people see it , they will know what I mean about that , " Hoffman said . Some have suggested that the play served as a criticism of the Bush administration 's dogged belief that there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq . Shanley , who won an Academy Award for his screenplay of "  Moonstruck , " told Entertainment Weekly that the play did have a political point . "  I 'm not interested in morality , " he told the magazine . "  One of my larger premises in doing this play , in what 's not said , is that doubt itself is a passionate exercise . I think it 's perceived in this culture as something weak or denatured , and that 's a huge mistake . " Adams said she became "  a little obsessed " with the adaptation of the play to the big screen . She plays Sister James , a nun who expresses her suspicions about Father Flynn 's relationship with the student to Sister Aloysius . The movie is a departure for Adams , who became famous for sunnier roles in films like "  Enchanted " and "  Talladega Nights . " But she said she does n't mind being known as an eternally cheerful actress , because that description reflects "  75 percent " of her real persona . "  There 's 25 percent that 's probably dark and grumpy and not personable at all , but I keep her at home , " Adams said . As for Oscar buzz surrounding her performance , the actress said she 's keeping her fingers crossed for Streep and Davis to be nominated for their roles in "  Doubt " but has no expectations for herself . "  It 's always fun , and I would love to . If it does n't happen for me , it 's all right as well , " Adams said . "  So , the experience of making the film was my get in this case . "	"  Doubt " stars Meryl Streep , Philip Seymour Hoffman , Amy Adams , Viola Davis Film is based on a Tony Award - and Pulitzer Prize-winning play by the same name It examines what happens when a nun suspects a priest of abusing a student Streep advises co-star to pick out a dress for the Academy Awards
CNN  -- Mir Hossein Moussavi , Iran 's former prime minister , has emerged as a serious contender to Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who was , for months , considered a shoo-in for re-election to the Iranian presidency . Presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi holds up the "  V " sign after casting his vote on Friday . A painter and architect who withdrew from the political front for two decades , Moussavi has emerged with a platter of promises . He has said he wants to reform Iran into a global communicator that embraces freedom of speech . He 's also taken an usual step in politics in Iran by relying heavily on his wife , a college professor . Her public support of his candidacy has underscored his professed support of women 's rights . Largely an unknown to the rest of the world when he announced his bid in March , Moussavi has tried to be the foil to Ahmadinejad , who has earned a reputation internationally as a fundamentalist for his Holocaust denials , calls to annihilate Israel , and cat-and-mouse games with the United States and the United Nations over Iran 's nuclear activities . "  This anti-Ahmadinejad image is connecting with a lot of Iranians because many feel Ahmadinejad has gone too far , said too many outlandish things and is responsible for a serious financial crisis the country is in , " said Afshin Molavi , a senior fellow at the New America Foundation , a nonprofit , nonpartisan public policy institute in Washington . Molavi is also the author of "  The Soul of Iran , " a book about Iran 's middle-class struggling to free itself , under intense economic and cultural restraints , from the control of the state . Moussavi was Iran 's prime minister from 1981 to 1989 and oversaw the nation 's eight-year war with Iraq . He has been largely praised by analysts across varied political leanings for that . But when the constitution was reformed in the late 1980s , removing the job of prime minister , Moussavi retreated to a life outside the public sphere for two decades . "  Twenty years -- what has he done in that time ? No one really knows , " said Shireen Hunter , a Georgetown University visiting professor and Iranian author of numerous books on the nation 's political history who interviewed Moussavi just as he was officially exiting politics . "  What you have is a war and a history that the younger Iranians do not know about or remember , so they know less about him and see him as the reformer he says that he is , " Hunter said . She spoke with Moussavi for her 1992 book "  Iran and the World . " "  I quoted Moussavi as saying that Iran did not suffer as much from the Soviet Union as it did from America , " Hunter said . "  He was very anti-Western . He presided over a lot of nationalism -LSB- during his time as prime minister , -RSB- and now he is saying that he is a reformer ? I do n't believe in born-again Democrats . I 'm skeptical . " It 's an image or impression the people are being moved by , she and Molavi contend , that may not be based on hard evidence . "  There were still freedoms that were stifled under Moussavi , " Molavi said . " -LSB- But -RSB- what Iranians seem to remember , what is lingering , is that he steered the country relatively well in a time of crisis during the war . " Now Moussavi has seized on Iran 's most pressing problem : its economy . "  There 's a sort of overwhelming support now for an opening up of the country to the international community and some access to the free-market economy because , frankly , Iran 's own economy is on the verge of utter collapse , " said Reza Aslan , an analyst for DailyBeast.com and author of the book "  No God But God , " an analysis of Islam in politics and culture . Last week , tensions between the candidates reached a fever pitch . During a recent fiery television debate , Moussavi accused Ahmadinejad of being a radical and turning Iran into a "  dictatorship . " He said Ahmadinejad was an "  adventurist " when it came to foreign policy . The acrimony between the candidates has appeared to help Moussavi . During a June 3 television debate , Ahmadinejad called Moussavi "  corrupt . " The president then showed a picture of Moussavi 's wife , a well-known political science professor , and accused her of skipping university entrance exams . Zahra Rahnavard , who has been touted as a possible first "  first lady " of Iran , has threatened to sue Ahmadinejad for defamation , according to several reports . The heated tone of the election has translated to the streets . Watch Moussavi 's supporters explain why they 're backing him " This week , crowds divided between the candidates are facing off on opposite sides of the street in Tehran . A few fistfights have broken out , but there has been relatively little violence . Signs aloft , some are wearing green headbands and chanting "  Moussavi , Moussavi ! " That crowd has more women , and it 's markedly younger . One young woman on the side of Moussavi said , "  This is like a revolution . " CNN chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour contributed to this report .	Mir Hossein Moussavi , Iran 's ex-PM , has n't worked officially in politics in 20 years Analysts : He is wooing support by portraying himself as the "  anti-Ahmadinejad ' Moussavi says he 's a reformer , believes in more freedoms and an open Iran Author who has interviewed him says she is skeptical that he truly feels that way
CNN  -- Israeli police are restricting Friday prayers at Al Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem following intelligence reports about possible riots in the city , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . Men age 40 and under will not be allowed to pray at the mosque Friday , he said . When Israeli officials have concerns about possible violence , it is not uncommon for them to limit the access young men have to the mosque . Hatem Abdel Qader , a Fatah official in Jerusalem , told CNN that such restrictions have become common in recent years . "  This is an excuse that Israel uses for security reasons to prevent the largest number of citizens from reaching the old city and the Aqsa mosque , " he said . Israeli officials have said public safety concerns prompt the restrictions , but Qader said the motivation is religious . The mosque , which is located on the Temple Mount in East Jerusalem , has been a site of clashes between Israelis and Palestinians . In 1996 , dozens of people were killed in rioting related to the mosque . CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	Israeli police say they 're limiting mosque access Men aged 40 and under can not attend Friday prayers at the Al Aqsa mosque Israel says intelligence reports about possible riots prompted restrictions
Rutundu , Kenya  CNN  -- When Prince William marries Kate Middleton with the whole world watching Friday , it will be a far cry from the private engagement at a rustic log cabin in the quiet African wilderness . The couple was engaged at the Rutundu cabin on the northern slopes of Mount Kenya , a secluded getaway near a sprawling animal reserve where rhinos and giraffes roam freely . Prince William and Kate Middleton secretly flew into the country in October and headed to the Lewa Wildlife Conservancy , where he had spent a year before going to the University of St. Andrews in Scotland . "  Kenya has always been very close to Prince William 's heart . He 's been coming here for many years . He loves it , " said Ian Craig , founder of the Lewa and owner of the cabin . However , the October visit was different . The prince was waiting for the perfect opportunity to pop the question , his mother 's ring stashed in his backpack . "  I had been carrying it around in my rucksack for three weeks before that , and I literally would not let it go , " the prince said in an official interview after the engagement . "  Wherever I went , I kept hold of it because I knew this thing , if it disappeared , I would be in a lot of trouble . " He finally found the perfect spot at the cabin , which has a clear view of Mount Kenya , the nation 's highest mountain . He proposed to his college sweetheart at the secluded spot surrounded by crisp lakes and whistling birds . Prince William , the second in line to the British throne , will marry Middleton at Westminster Abbey in London on Friday . Middleton said the proposal left her shocked . "  We were out there with friends and things , so I really did n't expect it at all , " she said . The royal family 's relationship with Kenya is not new . Princess Elizabeth was in the east African nation in 1952 when she found out her father had died and she was to become queen . More than half a century later , the country 's tie to the royal family remains . "  I think he wanted to share Kenya with his new bride , unknown to us at the time , " Craig said . Prince William and his bride-to-be stayed in the more spacious of the two log-cabins near the Lewa wildlife reserve , nothing like the lavish Buckingham Palace . It features the bare minimum ; a fireplace , a couch and a canopy bed with thick woolly blankets . Guests fish in private rivers near their cabin . At night , candles and cackling fires provide light . What the cottage lacks in luxury , it makes up in the view , with panoramic scenes of Mount Kenya and the Rift Valley . "  He 's a true romantic and we had a wonderful holiday in Africa , " Middleton said after the engagement . "  It was very romantic and it was a very personal time for both of us . " Temperatures in the high altitude area drop drastically as the sun sets . Simple surroundings and chilly nights aside , the prince was well equipped for the trip . "  Brought more warm clothes this time ! " he wrote in the cabin guestbook . There was one problem , though . The pair did not catch any fish during their stay . "  Sadly no fish to be found but we had great fun trying , " Middleton wrote in the guestbook . She however headed home with a far bigger prize : a sapphire engagement ring .	Prince William chose a rustic cabin for the engagement He and Kate Middleton secretly flew into Kenya It features the bare minimum ; a fireplace , a couch and a canopy bed with thick woolly blankets The cabin has panoramic views of Mount Kenya and the Rift Valley
CNN  -- To celebrate International Women 's Day , CNN 's Leading Women is inviting you to a Tweetchat to discuss how we can bring about gender equality and build a better world and future for women . Leading Women connects you to extraordinary women of our time . Join CNN 's Leading Women team and special guests Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Tawakkol Karman , Anne-Marie Slaughter , president and CEO of the New America Foundation and Laura Bates , founder of The Everyday Sexism Project for this TweetChat on Friday March 7 at 5pm ET/10pm GMT . The conversation will focus on what gender equality means for women today and what practical steps we can take to make parity a reality for all . The discussion topic was inspired by our CNN iReport assignment where we asked you what kind of world you 'd like to build . To take part in our special International Women 's Day Tweetchat , simply log in to Twitter , search #CNNwomen and join the conversation . Key Twitter handles for the chat include : @TawakkolKarman @slaughterAM @everydaysexism @ChiefHotMomma @tinu @MsAfropolitan @CNNiwomen Join us and share your experiences , thoughts and ideas . We 'll be featuring the conversation on CNN.com . To find out more about how Tweetchats work , read our guide .	CNN will host a tweetchat ahead of International Women 's Day Special guests include Anne-Marie Slaughter and Laura Bates , The Everyday Sexism Project founder CNN 's Leading Women community will also join the conversation on building a better world Follow #CNNwomen on Twitter March 7 at 5pm ET / 10pm GMT
I was born in January of 1986 . A few hours after I was born , our doctor told my parents that I had Down syndrome . A lot of people told my parents that they were very , very sorry . I guess they did n't know then just how totally awesome I would turn out to be . Growing up with three brothers was a lot of fun . They treated me like a brother -- not like someone special or different . They never let me use my disability to get out of doing the dishes when it was my turn . I did try sometimes , though . I started in Special Olympics when I was 13 years old . My Special Olympic sports are basketball , poly hockey , volleyball , golf and track and field . I have dozens of gold medals -- way more than another Olympian , Michael Phelps Many of them are on display in my restaurant . CrossFit trainer has cerebral palsy I think that being athletes made me and my friends popular in high school . I was so popular that I decided to run for Homecoming King in my senior year . I was very happy when I won My brothers told me that even though I was the King at the school , I was not the King of our house ! After high school I had a dream to go to college . In the fall of 2004 I moved to Roswell , New Mexico , to attend Eastern New Mexico University . And yes , it 's true , there are aliens in Roswell . I graduated in the summer of 2008 with certificates in food service , office skills and restaurant hosting . After college , I knew I wanted to live on my own . I love my parents a lot , but I want to have my own life . In July of 2010 I moved into my own apartment . I shop for my own groceries , do my own laundry and pay all of my own bills . Today 's special : A cafe on a mission of empowerment I love living in my own place . And lucky me , it 's right next door to my restaurant . I bet you wish you could walk to work in two minutes . For over 10 years , I had a dream to own my own business . Well I 'm here to tell you that dreams do come true . I am the owner of Tim 's Place -- the world 's friendliest restaurant , located in Albuquerque , New Mexico . From cancer patient to oncologist My favorite part of the work day is giving out the free Tim Hugs . They are on my menu and most people order at least one . So far , I 've given out nearly 40,000 hugs . I even have a counter on the wall to keep track of the total . I guess you can say I 'm a lean , mean , hugging machine . I have a dream to inspire other people to reach for the stars . If I can do it , you can too . See you at Tim 's Place .	Tim Harris was born with Down syndrome He operates Tim 's Place restaurant in New Mexico "  Tim Hugs " are on the menu ; he 's given out more than 40,000
BRUNSWICK , Georgia  CNN  -- Guy Heinze Jr. , the son of one of the victims of last week 's killings of eight people in a southeast Georgia mobile home , has been arrested on eight counts of first degree murder , police said Friday . Guy Heinze Jr. faces eight first degree murder charges related to a shooting at a Georgia mobile home . Investigators obtained an arrest warrant Friday evening for Heinze , 22 , just hours after he had been freed from jail on charges of tampering with evidence and making false statements to a police officer , Glynn County , Georgia , Police Chief Matt Doering said . "  I can assure you that this person is responsible , " Doering said at a news conference Friday evening . The bodies were discovered last Saturday at New Hope Plantation mobile home park , north of the Atlantic coastal city of Brunswick . Seven died in the mobile home , and the eighth died Sunday at a hospital . Doering refused to reveal how the victims were killed or the suspected motive . A 3-year-old who was injured struggles on life support at a Savannah hospital , her grandmother said . Heinze , who is unemployed , told police he was not home when the killings occurred . Watch sheriff describe attack as "  the most heinous crime we 've ever had in the community " " According to the earlier arrest warrant , Heinze provided "  investigators with false and misleading information about his whereabouts and involvement in the circumstances leading up to him calling 911 to report the deaths of his family members . " The arrest warrant also said he removed a shotgun from the residence and hid it in the trunk of his car . A man identified as Heinze reported the slayings . He told an emergency dispatcher when he called Saturday , "  I was out last night . I got home just now , and everybody 's dead . ... My whole family 's dead . It looks like they 've been beaten to death . " Listen to the 911 call " Seven of the eight victims will be buried Saturday , as a 3-year-old who was injured struggles to survive at a Savannah hospital . The toddler 's grieving grandmother , Diane Isenhower , who lost four of her children in the rampage , said the child is on life support . Police said seven of the victims died in the mobile home , and the eighth died Sunday at a hospital . The funeral for Joseph L. West , 30 , is to be held at mid-month . For the other seven , viewing was scheduled for Friday night , and a funeral is to be held Saturday afternoon at Youngs Island Church in Eulonia , Georgia . West was the boyfriend of Chrissy Toler , 22 , who died along with her father , Russell D. Toler Sr. , 44 , and three siblings : Michelle Toler , 15 ; Michael Toler , 19 ; and Russell D. Toler Jr. , 20 . Michael Toler had Down syndrome . Russell Toler Sr. and Isenhower were divorced . Also killed were Guy Heinze Sr. , 45 and Brenda Gail Falagan , 49 , police said . Clint Rowe , whose wife is Isenhower 's sister , said the family was having trouble coping with the losses and noted that police , too , were affected . "  They 're the ones who walked in on that , so you know it wears on the police as well , " he said . Referring to Isenhower , he added , "  It has been a long week for her . She 's lost all of her family , so naturally it would be . " "  They 're just as nice as they could be , " Rowe said of the victims . "  Friendly folks . Down-to-earth folks . " Watch Rowe talk about the killings " Russell Toler Sr. , who worked at a nearby factory , was a generous man who allowed relatives facing financial and health problems to live with him . There were 10 people in the mobile home , and their combined salaries were low , Rowe said . Among them was Toler 's sister , Falagan , who was in a wheelchair . Police have not said how the victims died , although autopsies were completed Monday . The bodies were discovered Saturday at New Hope Plantation mobile home park , north of the Atlantic coastal city of Brunswick . Police have released few details of the crime scene . Doering acknowledged that there is fear in the community but said that releasing details of the slayings wo n't allay it . "  We , too , have that same fear . We 're the ones that have to get out there and try to make people feel better as best that we can , " he said . CNN 's Sean Calebs contributed to this report .	NEW : Warrant lists eight counts of first degree murder for Guy Heinze Jr. . Heinze told police he was not home when the killings occurred 3-year-old injured in last week 's attack at Georgia mobile home is on life support Funeral for seven victims will be held about Saturday
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Academy Award-winning actress Tatum O'Neal was released after an arraignment at a Manhattan courtroom Monday after her weekend arrest for buying crack cocaine . No bail was set , and none was requested by the prosecutor . The 44-year-old actress , who penned a 2004 memoir about her long road to sobriety , was arrested around 7:30 p.m. Sunday on the Lower East Side of Manhattan after she was seen making a purchase from a drug dealer , police said . Investigators charged her with criminal possession of a controlled substance , a misdemeanor that carries a maximum one-year sentence . The Monday afternoon arraignment took about 15 minutes , during which the actress was read her charge . O'Neal did not enter a plea , which is not necessary at an arraignment . Her next court date is scheduled for July 28 . At 10 , O'Neal won an Oscar for best supporting actress in the movie "  Paper Moon . " She is the daughter of actor Ryan O'Neal , who starred in the 1973 film , and the ex-wife of tennis star John McEnroe , with whom she has three children . CNN 's Cheryl Robinson and Rupa Mikkilineni contributed to this report .	NEW : Tatum O'Neal arraigned Monday , released O'Neal arrested Sunday after she was seen making a purchase from drug dealer Investigators charged her with criminal possession of a controlled substance
MYRTLE BEACH , South Carolina  CNN  -- After earning a reputation as a killer in Haiti , Tropical Storm Hanna amounted to little more than a windy rainstorm along the Atlantic Coast on Saturday . Water almost covers the dock at the Marine Corps Air Station marina near the New River in North Carolina . No states have "  expressed any damage that they could n't handle , " said Glenn Cannon , the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's assistant administrator for disaster operations . He said there were some concerns about flooding near rivers and in low-lying areas . "  We 're monitoring Hanna , but it seems to be a heavy rain event , " he said . According to the Associated Press , Hanna did cause one death in a traffic accident on Interstate 95 in Maryland . Many people in Huntington , Virginia , about 8 miles northwest of Virginia Beach , voluntarily evacuated Saturday afternoon because of concerns about flooding , Fairfax County public information officer Merni Fitzgerald said . The area , which has flooded in the past , was receiving heavy rain , she said . She could not provide an exact number of people who had evacuated . The storm drenched the Carolinas and Virginia with heavy rain pushed by 55-mph winds as it zipped northward near 30 mph  48 kph  , the National Hurricane Center reported at 11 p.m. ET Saturday . At that hour , the center of the storm was 90 miles  145 kilometers  west-southwest of Long Island , New York , and about 135 miles  220 kilometers  southwest of Providence , Rhode Island . Hanna would travel the coast all the way up to Canada 's Maritime Provinces by Sunday night , forecasters said . Hanna came ashore at 3:20 a.m. ET near the North Carolina-South Carolina state line . It caused a surge of 1 to 2 feet of water along the shore and was expected to deliver 4 to 6 inches of rain , with some areas getting more . Flooding , wind damage and power outages were minor across the Carolinas , according to emergency officials . View a map of Hanna 's projected path " "  It 's actually going fairly well , with some reports of minor flooding , " said South Carolina Emergency Management spokesman Derrec Becker . About 10,000 South Carolina homes were without power Saturday morning , mostly in the Myrtle Beach area , Becker said . He also said 444 South Carolina residents were staying in 15 shelters . In North Carolina , nearly 12,000 homes had no electricity , mostly in the counties near where Hanna came in , said State Emergency Management spokesman Mark Van Sciver . See what impact Hanna had on Wrightsville Beach , North Carolina " No deaths were reported , flooding was limited , and no highways were closed , Van Sciver said . Nearly 1,500 residents sought refuge Saturday in 49 emergency shelters in North Carolina , Van Sciver said . The storm snarled some travel plans . It triggered delays for arrivals to Philadelphia International Airport in Pennsylvania and departures from Newark International Airport in New Jersey and John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York , the Federal Aviation Administration said . Delays at JFK airport averaged about four hours , the FAA said . Hanna 's eye made landfall near Little River Inlet at the South Carolina-North Carolina line , according to CNN meteorologists . Watch wind whip a South Carolina beach " Pounding waves flattened some sand dunes on the beaches at Oak Island , North Carolina , just east of the storm 's landfall . The island 's Ocean Crest pier , rebuilt after Hurricane Floyd destroyed it nine years ago , held up under Hanna , but the American flag flying above it was in tatters and barely attached to its pole by sunrise . By Saturday afternoon , the hurricane center had discontinued a tropical storm warning southward from Cape Hatteras , North Carolina . A tropical storm warning covered much of the East Coast from Cape Hatteras to Merrimack River , Massachusetts , about 31 miles north of Boston . The warning included all of Chesapeake Bay , Washington , New York Harbor and Long Island Sound , as well as popular vacation islands Martha 's Vineyard , Block Island and Nantucket . The warning means tropical storm conditions are expected within the warning area within the next 24 hours . iReport.com : Are you getting soaked ? Hanna caused severe flooding and killed at least 137 as it lingered for several days over and just off the coast of Haiti . U.N. relief supplies started arriving in the beleaguered country Friday , even as Hurricane Ike threatens to do even more damage . Ike will pass near or over the Turks and Caicos Islands , just north of Haiti , and the southeastern Bahamas in the next day , the hurricane center said . Ike 's impact on the United States is less certain , but it could brush South Florida and hit the Gulf Coast as a major hurricane next week . iReport.com : "  There 's now a pond in my car "	Residents in Huntington , Virginia , voluntarily evacuating because of flooding FEMA says no states have requested help with damage from storm Little damage reported from storm in U.S. after at least 137 deaths in Haiti 4 to 6 inches of rain expected all along Atlantic Coast
CNN  -- Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo has reacted to suggestions double Formula One world champion Sebastian Vettel is set to join the Italian team in 2014 by saying he did n't want "  two roosters in the same hen house " . Media reports on Monday suggested Red Bull driver Vettel , who went top of the 2012 drivers ' championship after winning at the Korean Grand Prix , would move to Ferrari in 2014 to replace Brazil 's Felipe Massa . But Di Montezemolo suggested it would be difficult to accommodate two drivers as ambitious as Vettel and fellow two-time title winner Alonso . "  Today the problem is not with drivers , " Di Montezemolo told the team 's official website . "  2014 is still to come but I do n't want to have two roosters in the same hen house , rather two drivers who race for Ferrari and not for themselves . "  I do n't want problems and rivalries , which we did n't have between  Michael  Schumacher and  Eddie  Irvine , between Schumacher and  Rubens  Barrichello , between Alonso and Massa or Massa and Schumacher or Massa and  Kimi  Raikkonen . The possibility of Vettel , who leads Alonso by six points with four races of the season remaining , joining Ferrari in the future were also quashed by his representatives when contacted by CNN . Kaltenborn makes F1 history Meanwhile Di Montezemolo rubbished talk of Ferrari swooping for Red Bull designer Adrian Newey . "  As for Newey , I can say that he is very good at his job , " said the Ferrari president , "  but we also managed to win eight constructors ' titles in the last 13 championships without him : I have huge faith in our own engineers . " Di Montezemolo also revealed he will be meeting Massa to discuss his future with the team . Massa , who took fourth at the Korean Grand Prix , finished second at the recent Japanese Grand Prix , his first podium finish in two years . "  We have the best team : yesterday too , the work on track was perfect , " he continued referring to Massa 's fourth place finish in Korea . "  We also have the best driver in Fernando Alonso and I 'm happy to see Felipe Massa back at a high level . "  Tomorrow I will meet him at Maranello , we will have a chance to talk about his future and then I will take a decision . "	A spokesperson for Sebastian Vettel denies he is moving to Ferrari Reports suggested the German was set to leave Red Bull for the Italians in 2014 Luca di Montezemolo says Ferrari do not want two drivers who rival one another Di Montezemolo will meet with Felipe Massa on Tuesday to discus his future
CNN  -- A 35-year-old father found to be sane when he killed his three young daughters last July was sentenced to three life sentences without the possibility of parole Monday . St. Croix County Judge Howard Cameron said the lives of sisters Amara ,11 , Sophie , 8 , and Cecilia , 5 , were each so important that Aaron Schaffhausen had to serve each sentence consecutively . "  Each child has to be recognized as an individual girl , " Cameron said . "  To make it concurrent would diminish what happened to those young girls . " Schaffhausen and his wife Jessica had recently divorced when he came to spend the day with his daughters last year . According to the criminal complaint , Jessica -- who was not home at the time -- told police that two hours after Schaffhausen went to see the girls , he called her and said , "  You can come home now because I killed the kids . " Jessica , who was in court Monday , was quiet throughout the proceedings . But her sister , Mary Elizabeth Stotz , called Schaffhausen an "  evil coward " who "  should rot in hell " during the victim impact statements . "  Aaron Schaffhausen , the man who helped genetically make those girls and shape them ... Aaron became the darkness , the boogeyman , and the monster under the bed , " Stotz said . "  He was so evil that he took their unconditional love for him and used their love to lure them close enough so he could kill them . Their last memory is what an evil killer their dad was . " Stotz also expressed fear that if Schaffhausen was allowed to be released on parole , he would get revenge on her family . Schaffhausen sat through the proceedings with no visible emotion , avoiding eye contact and almost inaudibly saying "  no " when the judge asked him if he had anything to say . His attorney , John Kucinski , emphasized that his client suffered from a "  rare mental illness " who committed a "  rare catathymic homicide . " "  Nobody wins in this case , " Kucinski said . "  Both families suffer , Jessica suffers , uncles , aunts . "  You can say , ` Three young girls are dead , we 've lost their lives , he did it because he hated Jessica , let 's get our revenge . ' Or you can try to actually take a look at mental illness and prevent things in the future , " Kucinski said . A large photograph of the sisters stood by the judge , who finished his sentencing by saying , "  People in general , there is sometimes an evil , and there is goodness , " Cameron said . The girls ' aunt remembered them as "  amazing people . "	Aaron Schaffhausen killed his three daughters , ages 5 to 11 , last year Judge : The three life sentences must be stacked , not served concurrently Schaffhausen 's attorney says his client suffers from mental illness
Editor 's note : Peter Bergen , CNN 's national security analyst , is a fellow at the New America Foundation , a Washington-based think tank that promotes innovative thought from across the ideological spectrum , and at New York University 's Center on Law and Security . He 's the author of "  The Osama bin Laden I Know : An Oral History of al Qaeda 's Leader . " Peter Bergen says Osama bin Laden is still alive and still significant eight years after September 11 . HELMAND , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Eight years after September 11 , the "  war on terror " has gone the way of the dodo . And President Obama talks instead about a war against al Qaeda and its allies . What , then , of al Qaeda 's enigmatic leader , Osama bin Laden , who has vanished like a wisp of smoke ? And does he even matter now ? The U.S. government had n't had a solid lead on al Qaeda 's leader since the battle of Tora Bora in winter 2001 . Although there are informed hypotheses that today he is in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province on the Afghan border , perhaps in one of the more northerly areas such as Bajaur , these are essentially guesses , not "  actionable " intelligence . A longtime American counterterrorism analyst explained to me , "  There is very limited collection on him personally . " That 's intelligence community shorthand for the fact that the usual avenues of "  collection " on a target such as bin Laden are yielding little or no information about him . Those avenues typically include signal intercepts of phone calls and e-mails , as well as human intelligence from spies . Given the hundreds of billions of dollars that the "  war on terror " has consumed , the failure to capture or kill al Qaeda 's leader is one of its signal failures . Does it even matter whether bin Laden is found ? Yes , it does . First , there is the matter of justice for the almost 3,000 people who died in the September 11 attacks and for the thousands of other victims of al Qaeda 's attacks around the world . Second , every day that bin Laden remains at liberty is a propaganda victory for al Qaeda . Third , although bin Laden and his deputy Ayman al-Zawahiri are n't managing al Qaeda 's operations on a daily basis they guide the overall direction of the jihadist movement around the world , even while they are in hiding . Those messages from al Qaeda 's leaders have reached untold millions worldwide via television , the Internet and newspapers . The tapes have not only instructed al Qaeda 's followers to continue to kill Westerners and Jews , but some also carried specific instructions that militant cells then acted on . In March 2008 , for instance , the al Qaeda leader denounced the publication of cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed in a Danish newspaper as a "  catastrophe " for which punishment would soon be meted out . Three months later , an al Qaeda suicide attacker bombed the Danish Embassy in Islamabad , killing six . Some reading this may think : But what 's the proof that the al Qaeda leader is still alive ? Plenty . Since September 11 , bin Laden has released a slew of video and audiotapes , many of which discuss current events . After a nine-month silence , for instance , bin Laden released a 22-minute audiotape on March 14 , sharply condemning the recent Israeli invasion of Gaza . Are these tapes real ? Not one of the dozens of tapes released by bin Laden after 9/11 has been a fake . Indeed the U.S. government has authenticated many of them using bin Laden 's distinctive voiceprint . And what about the persistent reports that he is ill ? In 2002 , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf said bin Laden had kidney disease , for which he required a dialysis machine , and was therefore likely dead . But the stories of bin Laden 's life-threatening kidney problems are false , judging by his appearance in videos that he released in 2004 and again in 2007 , in which he showed no signs of illness . On the 2007 tape , the al Qaeda leader had even dyed his white-flecked beard black , suggesting that as the Saudi militant entered his fifth decade , he was not immune to a measure of vanity about his personal appearance . In fact , bin Laden looked much better in those videos than he did in the video he released shortly after the battle of Tora Bora in late 2001 , where he had narrowly escaped being killed in a massive American attack . The situation is further complicated by the fact that bin Laden and al-Zawahiri are almost certainly hiding out in the tribal areas of Pakistan , on the Afghan border . Arthur Keller , a CIA officer who ran a spy network in Pakistan 's tribal areas in 2006 , told me the problems of working in the region : "  It 's an incredibly remote area . They 're hiding in a sea of people that are very xenophobic of outsiders , so it 's a very , very tough nut to crack . " An additional factor operating in bin Laden 's favor is the personal popularity he has long enjoyed in Pakistan . Three years after the September 11 attacks , for instance , a Pew poll found that al Qaeda 's leader had a 65 percent favorability rating among Pakistanis . However , it is clear from the videos of bin Laden and al-Zawahiri that aired in the years since the attacks that they are not living in caves . In those tapes , both men 's clothes were clean and well-pressed . Caves generally do n't have laundry facilities . And the videos that they have released are well-lit and well-shot productions , suggesting access either to electrical outlets or to generators to run lights . Al-Zawahiri is often filmed in a library setting , and on one of his videos from March 2006 , there are curtains clearly visible behind him , suggesting that the tape was shot in a house . By early 2008 , the Bush administration had tired of the Pakistani government 's unwillingness or inability to take out al Qaeda 's leaders , and in July , the president authorized Special Operations forces to carry out ground assaults in the tribal regions without the permission of the Pakistani government . But in the face of the intense Pakistani opposition to American boots on the ground , the Bush administration chose to rely instead on drones to target suspected al Qaeda and Taliban leaders . Bush ordered the CIA to expand its attacks with Predator and Reaper drones . Between July 2008 and this month , U.S. drones have killed dozens of lower-ranking militants and at least 10 mid - and upper-level leaders within al Qaeda or the Taliban . This strategy seems to have worked , at least in terms of combating the ability of al Qaeda to plan or carry out attacks in the West . Law-enforcement authorities have uncovered no serious plots against U.S. or European targets that were traceable to militants who had received training in Pakistan 's tribal regions after the drone program had been dramatically ramped up there . The increased pace of the American drone attacks in Pakistani 's tribal areas was motivated in part by the hope that it would increase panicked communications among the militants , which might help pinpoint the locations of the top leaders in al Qaeda or the Taliban , but that approach has not paid off when it comes to bin Laden . If killing bin Laden with a drone has proved difficult , so too will be capturing him alive . His former bodyguard Abu Jandal told Al Quds al Arabi newspaper , "  Sheikh Osama gave me a pistol . ... The pistol had only two bullets , for me to kill Sheikh Osama with in case we were surrounded or he was about to fall into the enemy 's hands , so that he would not be caught alive " Should bin Laden be captured or killed , that would probably trigger a succession battle within al Qaeda . While al-Zawahiri is the deputy leader of the terror group and therefore technically bin Laden 's successor , he is not regarded as a natural leader . Indeed , even among his fellow Egyptian militants , al-Zawahiri is seen as a divisive force , and so he is unlikely to be able to step into the role of leader of al Qaeda and of the world jihadist movement that is occupied by bin Laden . By the law of averages , eventually , bin Laden will be captured or killed . Yet the ideological movement that he helped spawn -- "  Binladenism " -- will live on long after he is gone . That is bin Laden 's legacy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen .	Peter Bergen : Osama bin Laden still inspires al Qaeda He says 8 years after 9/11 , the "  war on terror " has failed to capture him He says law of averages suggests bin Laden will eventually be caught or killed
CNN  -- Perhaps it is ironic that in London Fashion week , a man who crafted one of the most beautiful and enriching football tapestries should be left watching the seams of his work unravel . While the next set of trendsetters sit with their heads craned towards the catwalk across some of the capital 's plushest venues , one of football 's great designers was left shrouded under a cloak of misery on a cold February night in north London . As Arsene Wenger trudged off down the Emirates tunnel , his side soundly beaten 3-1 by Bayern Munich in the first leg of its last-16 Champions League clash Tuesday , perhaps the reality had at last set in . Outplayed and outclassed , the seemingly unstoppable chasm between Arsenal and Europe 's elite shows no sign of stopping . When Wenger arrived as a virtual unknown at Arsenal in October 1996 , few had the foresight to imagine just how this professorial figure would redefine the game in England . While his look may have suggested a more school teacher like approach , the reality was anything but . It was art . From knitting together one of the most wonderfully aesthetic sides to have graced the Premier League and embroidering it with gems such as Thierry Henry , Dennis Bergkamp and the other strands of brilliance , Wenger brought about a renaissance period in English football . To watch Wenger 's Arsenal in its pomp was something joyful to behold , a privilege and a delight . And yet while it was easy on the eye , this team was made of such strong fabric , resilient , interwoven with the DNA of winners . Those were the days when Bergkamp would produce moments to take your breath away , pirouetting on a sixpence and scoring a goal which would leave you open mouthed . Thierry Henry would have you believe he was from a different planet with an outrageous flick , run and finish , while the gladiatorial Patrick Vieira would give Arsenal the heart it so sorely lacks today . The likes of Robert Pires , Freddie Ljungberg , Marc Overmars , Emmanuel Petit , Sol Campbell and Ashley Cole , players who would excite , produce when it mattered . They were winners . This makes it all the more galling for Arsenal fans , who have watched their club fall dramatically from the days where it produced some of the most scintillating football ever witnessed in the Premier League . During the 2003/4 season , Arsenal went through an entire season unbeaten , winning 26 and drawing 12 of their 38 league games , cruising to the title by 11 points . That team was labeled ` The Invincibles ' . Those days seem a lifetime ago . Not since its FA Cup win in 2005 has Arsenal managed to win a trophy -- a fact which Wenger is reminded of almost daily whenever he lifts a newspaper or turns on the radio . The three Premier League titles and four FA Cup trophies are part of yesteryear as is the club 's appearance in the 2006 Champions League final , where it was beaten by Barcelona . In a society which demands instant gratification , Wenger is losing the battle . Held up as a beacon of financial prudence and a club ideally positioned for the advent of the FFP rules , Arsenal is constantly applauded for the way it conducts itself . But while the bank accounts might be full , the trophy cabinet continues to gather dust as frustration grows over the lack of progress made on the pitch . The sale of star players such as Robin van Persie and Cesc Fabregas has only exacerbated the fact that Arsenal can no longer compete with the likes of Manchester United , Manchester City and Chelsea over an entire season . Being dumped out of the League Cup , the country 's third most important domestic competition , by a Bradford side in the bottom rung of English football , was humiliating . Crashing out at home to first division Blackburn in the prestigious FA Cup was another embarrassing episode in a season which is unraveling at an alarming pace . But against Bayern , a team seemingly cruising to domestic title success , there was a chance for redemption . A lesser club than Bayern might have wilted under the disappointment of losing last year 's Champions League final inside its own stadium in such heartbreaking fashion . The penalty shoot out defeat by Chelsea left its players crushed , devastated and bewildered after it had dominated for so much of the contest . Its reply , however , speaks volumes for the team . A 15 point lead at the top of the Bundesliga , a team with a record of 57 points from 22 games and a defense which had conceded in 450 minutes of football shows little sign of sulking . Add to that the staggering run of away form which had seen Jupp Heynckes team win 10 out of its past 11 away games and it was obvious to see why Arsenal was up against it . Fresh from Wenger 's outburst at the press conference Tuesday and its shock FA Cup defeat by second-tier Blackburn last Saturday , Arsenal began confidently . At least it did for the first six minutes . Then it all went downhill . Germany international Tony Kroos was afforded time and space and duly took advantage , lashing home his fifth Champions League goal and giving Bayern the perfect start . That strike tore through the already fragile confidence of an Arsenal side which looked decisively anaemic . While Arsenal struggled , Bayern appeared to be cut from a different cloth . The Germans swarmed around the pitch , every pass tailor made as it unpicked the stitching in Arsenal 's defense with ease . It took just 21 minutes to leave Arsenal 's dream of qualification ripped to shreds as Bayern strengthened its grip on the contest . Goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny could only parry Daniel van Buyten 's near-post header and Thomas Muller was on hand to smash the ball into the roof of the net . The interval brought respite from the jeers which greeted the halftime whistle and gave a chance for Arsenal to regroup . And regroup it did . Suddenly it awoke from its nerve induced coma and began to show glimpses of what its fans so badly crave . That fleet of foot , that crisp passing with the wonderfully talented Jack Wilshere trying to thread those "  eye of the needle " passes to finally find a way through the Bayern defense . In the end , it took some luck and an uncharacteristic piece of poor defending which allowed the home side back into the game . A corner was awarded when it should n't have been and Lukas Podolski ensured his side made the most of its good fortune , heading home against his former club to reduce the deficit . Now it was Arsenal which began to grow and only a wonderful reaction save from Manuel Neuer denied substitute Olivier Giroud an equalizer . It proved to be a crucial moment as with 13 minutes remaining , Mario Mandzukic bundled home Philipp Lahm 's cross to all but end Arsenal 's hope of making the quarterfinal . Bayern , which is unbeaten in 19 games since losing to Bayer Leverkusen on October 28 last year , will now expect to finish the job on March 13 in Munich . "  We expected a very big start from Arsenal here at home with the fans behind them , " Bayern 's Arjen Robben told ITV . "  I know from my time in England and we warned all of the players we have to be there from the first minute because there will be a storm going here at the Emirates Stadium . "  I think we did very well and of course if you score two goals you 're in a great position . " Based on past results in the competition , Arsenal has just a 2.2 % chance of progressing to the next stage -- but in Wilshere it has one player with great heart and determination . It is little surprise that Barcelona 's players are already beginning to voice their admiration of the midfielder in a similar way they did during the pursuit of Cesc Fabregas . For now Wilshere remains at Arsenal and fully focused on the task in hand . "  In the second half , we stepped it up and it 's unfortunate we did n't do that in the first half , " Wilshere told ITV . "  I 'm not sure why . Maybe it 's a bit of nerves or anxiety , because we show what we can do when we play . We will look at it and try to put it right . " But while Wenger ponders a redesign , Bayern will surely only grow stronger . For next season they will have their own artist and in Pep Guardiola , the former Barceloan coach , it will have a man who has produced one of the great works of modern football . In the night 's other game , Joao Moutinho 's second half strike was enough to give Porto a 1-0 win over Malaga . In a tight and cagey contest , Moutinho popped up six minutes after the break to take Alex Sandro 's pass in his stride and fire home past Willy Caballero . But Malaga coach Manuel Pellegrini is adamant his side can still prevail when the two teams meet again in three weeks time . "  Whether it is a good result or not we will see at the end of 180 minutes , " Pellegrini told Spanish TV station TVE . "  To lose is never good , but losing by just the one goal is the best thing we can take from the game . "  For all the possession Porto had they did n't create many clear cut chances and even the goal itself is offside . "  You have to give credit to Porto for the way they pressed us all over the pitch , but we have to apply the same pressure in Malaga . "  We can still turn the tie around at La Rosaleda . We have demonstrated this year that we can compete with anyone . "	Bayern Munich claims a 3-1 win at Arsenal in last-16 of Champions League Toni Kroos , Thomas Muller and Mario Mandzukic score crucial away goals Porto will take 1-0 lead to Malaga for second leg of last-16 clash Joao Muutinho 's second half strike the difference between the two sides
AOL Autos  -- Some drivers would say that the United States is a crazy quilt of speed limits , with an emphasis on the "  crazy . " A sign indicating the highest speed limit in the country stands by Interstate 10 outside of the West Texas town of El Paso . Since 1995 , states have been free to set their own maximum speed limits , leading to long debates on safety standards . To some folks , the speed limits are just insane -- either too low or too high , depending on their views about what makes driving safe . Advocates of low speed limits wo n't find much to like about Texas . True to its frontier roots , it stands out as the land of the fast getaway . The top rural speed limit is normally 70 mph , but in 2006 it set a maximum daytime speed of 80 miles per hour , the highest speed limit on the country , on more than 500 miles of rural interstate in its southwest corner . This includes parts of Interstate 10 between Kerrville and El Paso and of I-20 between Monahans and the I-10 interchange . The speed limit for rural roads in Montana is 75 mph . As a result , it takes just three hours to travel the 228 miles from Billings to Butte at the posted speed . But that 's much slower than a Montana driver could have made the trip in early 1999 . At that time there was a six-month speeders ' honeymoon when the state had almost no control over rural speeds , partly as a result of an unfavorable court ruling . St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands is at or near the other end of the spectrum . In the U.S. territory the speed limit is 20 mph in the city and 30 out in the country . When it comes to accident rates , though , you would be far better off on a Montana interstate than competing with the island 's frenetic drivers on the way to Paradise Point . Nationwide , maximum speeds range from 60 miles per hour in Hawaii to 75 in most of the West . Meanwhile , much of the eastern Midwest and the Northeast has opted for maximum speeds of 65 mph , although Michigan and Indiana chose the 70 mph standard more common to the South and the Great Plains states . So if you are cruising west along I-90 out of Ohio , you can enjoy the increase in speed across 150 miles of Indiana before Illinois ' lower speed limit -- or its state police -- reins you in . As you continue west , interstate speed limits bump up to 70 in Iowa , and then you can maintain a steady 75 from Nebraska through to the California line , where interstate speeds drop off to 70 again . Should you choose to detour into Oregon , you 're back down to 65 . From a highway safety standpoint , the patchwork of speed limits at least seems to make sense . Speeds are slower in more populous Eastern states and faster in the wide-open West , although the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety argues that some of the new , higher speed limits out West and elsewhere are costing lives . It estimates that deaths on interstates and freeways have increased 15 percent due to the higher speed limits . But some researchers are skeptical about the link between accidents and high speeds on rural highways , if not on city streets and rural two-lanes . They point to the lower fatality rates on European highways , even though the speeds are generally higher . The maximum legal speed is roughly 80 mph in Poland , Austria , France and a few other countries . There is no speed limit on much of Germany 's autobahn , although some sections are restricted to about 80 mph or less . Ironically , the new regime of U.S. speed limits has helped researchers make sense of whether higher rural speed limits are dangerous . Political scientist Robert Yowell , a professor at Northeast Lakeview College in Texas , examined what happened after states began setting higher rural speed limits in 1995 . With the federal 65 mph limit gone , it was possible to compare the accident rates before and after the new limits went into effect . The results were clear : "  By and large , across the 50 states , there was no discernible effect from the higher limits , " Yowell said . "  Two or three states actually had a decrease in fatalities . " Once speed limits are raised on interstates , drivers are more likely to get off the more dangerous two lanes and use the faster routes , Yowell said . Furthermore , the motorists traveling the fastest on the higher-speed interstates tend to be good at that kind of driving . The less competent drivers at high speeds tend to drive more slowly . While Yowell admits most states are well-intentioned , he 's "  not willing to accept that speed limits are solely a function of safety , " he said . "  They are a function of revenue generation as well . There have been cases of judges saying communities have to raise their speed limits because they were obviously being used to raise revenues and that 's not a proper use of the law . " In part , Yowell looks to differences in political cultures to explain the great continental divide in speed limits . "  It may be that certain states have a different approach to questions involving personal liberty versus collective safety , " he said . His research does n't surprise Jim Baxter , president of the Waunakee , Wisconsin-based National Motorists Association . His organization had lobbied heavily for an end to the federal limits . Baxter 's rule of thumb for computing the right speed limit is the traffic engineering standard known as the 85th percentile speed . That 's the speed that 85 percent of motorists drive at or below . But it tends to be well above the speed limits that most jurisdictions set . With the speed limit set at that level , traffic tends to move smoothly , reducing the risk of accidents , Baxter said . If you put the limit below that speed , some vehicles are traveling far more slowly than the fastest drivers , creating the most dangerous conditions of all . Baxter argues that most drivers naturally tend to drive at speeds that suit the road conditions and their driving skills . St. Thomas is a case in point , albeit an extreme one . With its congestion and rugged terrain , the island is bereft of performance cars ; many of the vehicles are older pickups , aging Japanese compacts and SUVs . The treacherous conditions restrict speeds far more effectively than any local law . As Joe Aubain , executive director of the St. Thomas-St . John Chamber of Commerce , puts it , "  Even if you wanted to go a whole lot faster , you could n't , " he said . E-mail to a friend	U.S. drivers face patchwork of speed limits across the nation Parts of Texas have speed limits of 80 miles per hour Some researchers skeptical of link between accidents , high speeds
CNN  -- The long-term strategy behind America 's military repositioning in Asia is gradually revealing itself . A series of moves over the past six months will set the stage for rebalancing U.S. naval , air and ground forces in the region . In November , the United States announced a permanent rotation of Marines through Australia , the stationing of up to four ships in Singapore , and expanded military exercises with the Philippines . The White House also pledged that it would protect its Asia-Pacific military forces from upcoming defense budget cuts . Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda 's visit to Washington this week came after an announcement about American forces in Japan . Some 9,000 Marines will be transferred from Okinawa , the prefecture that hosts the majority of U.S. forces in Japan , to three other sites : Guam , Hawaii , and -- on rotating training deployments -- Australia . The deal broke the gridlock that had been holding up a reduction of U.S. troops in Okinawa . A mutual decision not to resolve the thorny issue of a replacement facility for Marine aviation stationed at Futenma eased the way , as did the Japanese agreement to pay more than a third of the $ 8.6 billion cost of the move . Okinawa is part of the long Ryukyu Island chain that acts as a natural barrier between the East China Sea and the Western Pacific . U.S. forces have been stationed there since the Battle of Okinawa , the largest Pacific amphibious assault in World War II . The United States retained possession of Okinawa until 1972 , by which time U.S. forces had ensconced themselves in a series of military installations . In 1995 , the rape of a 12-year-old Japanese girl by three U.S. servicemen sparked a furor over the vast military presence in Okinawa . The inability to make good on a 15-year-old agreement to reduce the U.S. presence and hand back more than 20 % of the land occupied by troops and to substantially reduce U.S. forces has been an open wound in an otherwise robust alliance with Japan . The new deal should soothe but not solve local tensions . U.S. forces demonstrated their value in responding to last year 's massive earthquake and tsunami , and they remain ready to deal with a range of potential near-term threats . But the transfer of Marines from Okinawa is the latest element giving definition to a long-term strategy to preserve regional order and U.S. influence throughout Asia . These gradual changes are happening amid a variety of key debates : within the United States , about the necessity and affordability of a strong presence in Asia ; within China about whether America 's "  return to Asia " is aimed at containing growing Chinese power ; and within the region over the durability of America 's commitment to underwriting order in the Asia-Pacific region . There are good reasons for retaining but dispersing U.S. military forces throughout the region . First , the Asia-Pacific region is of growing global importance economically and politically , a long-term trend that has made it a rising priority for U.S. administrations since the end of the Cold War . There is indeed a desire to preserve a favorable balance of military power so as to deter and accommodate a re-emerging China ; yet the retention of U.S. forces in the region is not designed to curb Chinese growth . U.S. and Japanese leaders label this as dealing with "  uncertainty . " It hedges against a variety of contingencies , from conflict with North Korea to natural disasters , while also reassuring allies , engaging a larger number of regional partners , and allowing the United States to be a force for stability within an evolving regional order . Second , these changes emerge from a longstanding need for better management of the U.S.-Japan alliance . To reduce the political if not the financial costs of stationing forces in Japan , the United States must lighten the burden on local populations , especially in Okinawa . A closer integration of U.S. and Japanese forces is likewise under way . China portrays the U.S.-Japan alliance as a Cold War relic incompatible with expanding cooperation with China ; but most regional neighbors see it as a reassuring bellwether of stability . Third , the U.S. rebalancing redistributes forces from a few , fixed bases that are increasingly vulnerable to such emerging potential threats as China 's missile , cyber and space capabilities , and maritime and air forces . Retaining the III Marine Expeditionary Force headquarters and some forces in Okinawa , the United States is shifting two Marine Air-Ground Task Forces  each comprising about 2,500 troops  to an emerging strategic hub in Guam , rotating another through Darwin , Australia , and basing supporting elements in Hawaii . These forces are more resilient because they are more difficult to target , yet well poised to maneuver together in the event of a crisis . In short , the shifting of U.S. forces in the Asia-Pacific region is designed to deter conflict , respond to contingencies , reassure allies and partners , and shape an evolving regional order , including cooperation on humanitarian assistance and disaster response . Japan , once called an "  unsinkable aircraft carrier , " remains critical to U.S. basing strategy in the Asia-Pacific . Some 30,000 U.S. forces will remain based in Japan , about the same number as in Korea . The number is higher if you count U.S. forces afloat . But as prosperous Japan and South Korea assume more responsibilities for their defense , the United States has a strategic , fiscal , and operational need to redistribute its assets . The growing importance of islands , from Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands to Hawaii and other islands that will be used for prepositioning and training , helps build flexibility in the American Pacific strategy . Various Obama administration officials place an emphasis on America as a "  resident power " of the region rather than a foreign presence . But many in the region welcome U.S. military presence precisely because it hails from a distant great power capable of underwriting peace in a region riven by historical conflicts , territorial disputes , resource competition , and disparate values . The emerging U.S. basing strategy is designed to build on America 's long-standing presence while ensuring that its stabilizing power remains welcome for decades to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Patrick Cronin .	9,000 Marines will be tranferred from Okinawa to Guam , Hawaii and Australia This resolves a pact to reduce U.S. troops in Okinawa , easing local tensions Cronin : The move also balances U.S. military presence in the Asia-Pacific region Cronin : U.S. presence helps preserve order , influence in the fast-growing region
Washington  CNN  -- As you turn on your HDTV and watch the endless controversy over embryonic stem cell research , ask yourself : Should the government spend taxpayer dollars to develop that bulky old cathode-ray television you once owned ? As you install your $ 79 Blu-ray player , what if Uncle Sam was paying millions to develop Betamax videotapes ? This kind of government waste is what embryonic stem cell researchers are demanding even when science itself , according to scientists such as former NIH Director Bernadine Healy , has made embryonic stem cell research obsolete . Yet the Obama Justice Department is appealing a recent federal court ruling that stopped funding of embryonic stem cell research because it was contrary to Congress ' 1995 law that decided to spend tax dollars on projects that produce treatments instead of destroyed embryos . This is a far-from-baseless ethical concern , as it is tied to the fact that an embryo is a genetically distinct human being from the moment of conception . In denying the administration 's request for a stay , the court rightly found , "  Defendants are incorrect about much of their ` parade of horribles ' that will supposedly result from this court 's preliminary injunction . Congress has mandated that the public interest is served by preventing taxpayer funding of research that entails the destruction of human embryos . " Nonetheless , upon being given a short temporary stay by the appeals court while it receives briefs in the case , the National Institutes of Health immediately began spending American taxpayer dollars like a drunken sailor on 24-hour shore leave . Another view : Court ruling a blow to U.S. science Human embryonic stem cell research is the $ 10,000 toilet seat of the 21st century . Years ago , science created a cell that appears to be , in the words of an MIT study published last month , "  virtually identical " to an embryonic stem cell but is cheaper , promises better compatibility to patients and kills no embryos . These new induced pluripotent stem cells  iPSCs  "  do all the things embryonic stem cells do , " explains the father of human embryonic stem cells James Thomson . Harvard 's David Scadden agrees that iPSC technology "  is absolutely changing the field . " IPSCs "  perhaps even eliminate the need for human embryos as a source of stem cells , " says Keisuke Kaji of the University of Edinburgh . IPSCs even caused the man who cloned Dolly the sheep to abandon cloning three years ago because "  changing cells from a patient directly into stem cells has got so much more potential . " "  The world has changed , " Thomson told The Boston Globe in 2007 . "  Human embryo stem cell research will be abandoned by more and more labs . " But not by people who put politics over science . For some , "  virtually identical " is just not enough . Although all researchers agree or admit iPSCs are a promising development worthy of ongoing research , embryonic stem cell research advocates still want to take millions of taxpayer dollars away from that more promising research to fuel their less promising research . With the help of Washington politicians , they 're holding taxpayer dollars hostage to the tune of $ 300 million spent and pledged in just over a year . Perhaps that 's one reason why , during these times of intense economic strain , a new Rasmussen poll shows that only 33 percent of U.S. voters believe that taxpayer money should be spent on embryonic stem cell research . Talking heads promote embryonic cells by alleging a "  potential " for cures , but money is much better spent on iPSCs . Stem cell research that destroys human embryos is also taking money away from successful adult stem cell work , in which no embryos are destroyed . Found in people already born , adult stem cells are the only cells with a track record of actually and successfully treating patients . Adult stem cells have grown new corneas and tracheas , restoring sight and speech . Adult stem cells placed into children have repaired damage from fatal genetic skin diseases . As CBS News reported on August 2 , adult stem cells appear to have the ability to stimulate tissue repair and to suppress the immune system . "  That gives adult stem cells really a very interesting and potent quality that embryonic stem cells do n't have , " said Rocky Tuan , director of a cellular engineering institute at the University of Pittsburgh . Meanwhile , embryonic stem cell researchers have produced no treatments at all . Their own technology dates back to the Stone Age in today 's pace of science , whereas this year 's prestigious Balzan Prize for biology recently went to iPSC pioneer Shinya Yamanaka . So , like many failed industries , embryo researchers demand a taxpayer bailout . They claim that they 're too big to fail , when in fact they 've never succeeded . NIH Director Francis Collins melodramatically announced that the district court 's injunction against his funding of embryonic stem cell research , in spite of the 1995 law against such funding , "  poured sand into the engine of discovery . " The problem is that Collins is wasting taxpayer money on "  discovering " the equivalent of the riverboat steam engine . Advocates for embryo-destructive research respond that the government should fund all research -- if any money is left over after they get theirs . But American taxpayers are not a bottomless grab-bag of cash . They should not be forced to waste precious dollars on partisan science , especially when economic ruin fueled by government waste is a looming specter . Embryonic stem cell research should go into the dinosaur museum where it belongs . Any funding should be focused on the real , clean promise of iPSCs and on the miracles that are being produced today by adult stem cell treatments . Embryo destruction has sidetracked good stem cell research long enough . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Matt Bowman .	Bowman : iPSC cell is similar to embryonic stem cell but cheaper , kills no embryos Embryo stem cell research taking money away from work with adult stem cells , he says Scientist predicts embryonic stem cell research will be abandoned , Bowman says Federal funding for embryonic stem cell research violates 1995 law , Bowman says
CNN  -- What do you do when your 10-year-old son wakes up in the middle of the night screaming , "  There 's a ` roo in my room ! " Beat Ettlin wrestled a kangaroo out of his house near Canberra after it crashed through a window . If you 're Beat Ettlin , you wrest the marsupial into a headlock , drag it down your hallway and toss it out your front door . Ettlin and his family were woken early Sunday when a 6-foot-tall kangaroo crashed through a window , landed on their bed and thrashed around their house in the suburb of Garran , south of the capital of Canberra , Australia . "  At first , he  my husband  thought it was a lunatic ninja , " said Ettlin 's wife , Verity Beman . "  It leaped through the window , this martial-arts kind of figure . It was very Jackie Chan . " The family 's one-story house is in a suburb that butts against a kangaroo reserve . About 2 a.m. Sunday , their dog began barking furiously . Possibly possums , they thought . The family had put up with possums scampering across their roof every night since they moved in three weeks ago . Moments later , the window was smashed and a black figure landed on their bed . Ettlin , after gathering his wits about him , exclaimed , "  It 's OK . It 's only a kangaroo , " Beman recalled . "  I was cowered under the quilt , thinking , ` No , it 's not OK , ' " she said . The kangaroo jumped on top of the blanket that Beman and her 9-year-old daughter were hiding under . It then leaped onto the nightstand , punched holes in the furniture and left blood stains on the wall as it bounced into their son 's room . "  That 's when his male instinct kicked in , " Beman said of her husband . After putting the 90-pound creature in a choke hold , Ettlin kept it low to the ground and pulled it toward the front door . He knew that kangaroos carry their strength on their hind legs , Beman said . "  He held it by one arm . He opened the front door with the other , then the screen door , " she said . "  It bounced across our veranda and bounced away . " Ettlin is a chef , originally from the Swiss city of Stans . Beman thinks he would not have tackled the kangaroo so readily were he Australian . "  They would be fully aware of the risk , " she said . The house in shambles -- with blood and shattered glass everywhere -- Ettlin stood surveying the damage in his shredded underpants . Scratch marks ran down his leg , but otherwise he was fine . "  I kept marveling at what he did , " Beman said . "  I called him my hero . My hero in Bonds undies . "	Beat Ettlin wrestles with kangaroo that leapt through window into house Kangaroo jumped into son 's room but Ettlin got it in a headlock Wife : "  It leaped through the window , this martial-arts figure . It was very Jackie Chan "
CNN  -- There 's yet another way to post writing and photos and share them with other people online . Medium is a new blogging tool for people who feel constrained by Twitter and overwhelmed by Blogger or Tumblr . Currently only in preview mode , the project is getting attention because of its founders ' impressive pedigree . Evan Williams and Biz Stone co-founded Twitter and Blogger , so they know about blogging , both long and short form . Medium is the latest product out of their Obvious Corporation , which incubated Twitter in its early days , and the duo has a grand vision for the blogging tool , elucidated in a long announcement post by Williams . "  We 're re-imagining publishing in an attempt to make an evolutionary leap , based on everything we 've learned in the last 13 years and the needs of today 's world , " says Williams in the post . For a project that is "  rethinking " publishing , the first go is a blogging platform that recycles many of the best features already at work on other sites -- Pinterest , Tumblr , Blogger , Reddit -- and ties it heavily into Twitter . The design is like a minimalist Tumblr or WordPress theme . Posts can be just a large photo , words or a combination . They are organized into collections , like Pinterest , and can be sorted by popularity based on votes from the community , like Reddit and Digg  there 's also an option to view by newest first  . Clicking on a person 's name does n't take you to a landing page that shows you all their posts . Rather , you 're whisked away to their Twitter profile , where you can scan for links to Medium posts they 've created . Perhaps following specific people is n't the point of Medium ; at its heart are the collections which allow you to explore content by topic . Current collections include the photo-based "  When I Was a Kid , " a bunch of first-person stories titled "  This Happened to Me " and "  I.M.H.O. , " a selection of editorial pieces on everything from Groupon to socialism . The goal of Medium does n't appear to be revolutionizing how content is shared , but to boost the quality of the content itself , according to its founders . "  Lots of services have successfully lowered the bar for sharing information , but there 's been less progress toward raising the quality of what 's produced , " says Williams . Medium gives people space to go deeper than is allowed by Twitter 's 140-character limit , but there 's no pressure to post regularly or have a branded presence . Voting and collections put the emphasis on surfacing the best content from a mass of people , organizing them into subject-oriented pages like sections of a newspaper . Users can wax poetic about their hopes and dreams "  without the burden of becoming a blogger or worrying about developing an audience , " says Williams . Posting privileges are limited to a chosen few for the time being , but anyone can make an account , using their Twitter handle , to browse and vote on posts . The first incarnation of Medium seems familiar and a little mundane , but hopefully it 's just a starting point for this team of experienced blogging and content veterans . "  We 're just starting the journey of figuring out what all that means , and what we 're releasing today is just a sliver of what we 've figured out , " said Williams .	Twitter co-founders unveil a new minimalist blogging platform called Medium Site not open to public yet ; Twitter users can sign in to read , vote on posts Posts are organized into themed collections that are sorted by popularity
London  CNN  -- Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher "  has undergone surgery to remove a growth in her bladder " and is currently recovering in the hospital , her spokeswoman , Gillian Penrose , said Friday . Thatcher , 87 , is doing "  absolutely fine " after the operation , her spokeswoman said . She was admitted to the hospital Thursday and is expected to be kept overnight . Britain 's only female prime minister , Thatcher served from 1979 to 1990 as leader of the Conservative Party . She was called the "  Iron Lady " for her personal and political toughness . She enjoyed a close friendship and working relationship with the late U.S. President Ronald Reagan , with whom she shared similar conservative views . Thatcher retired from public life after a stroke in 2002 and suffered several strokes after that . She makes few public appearances . She missed a reception in honor of her 85th birthday hosted by Prime Minister David Cameron in October 2010 and skipped the unveiling of a statue of Reagan in London in July last year . Per Nyberg reported from London . Melissa Gray reported from Atlanta .	Thatcher 's spokeswoman says she had a growth in her bladder removed She is expected to be kept in the hospital overnight and is "  absolutely fine " Thatcher , 87 , was Britain 's only female prime minister and held office from 1979 to 1990
CNN  -- Wisconsin released the names of more than 1 million people who signed a recall petition against Gov. Scott Walker , state officials said , despite safety concerns among petition signers . "  In the interest of full transparency , the board has always planned to release copies of recall petitions to anyone who requested them and to post them online , " said Kevin Kennedy , director and general counsel . "  However , we recently heard from a number of people who are concerned about their personal safety if their names and addresses are made public . " The state Government Accountability Board announced its plans Tuesday , citing Wisconsin 's Public Records Law and a recent U.S. Supreme Court decision involving the release of referendum petitions in Washington State . The documents are posted on the board 's website as PDFs . "  Weighing all of these concerns and public interests , we have concluded that the balancing test of the Public Records Law favors disclosure of the entire recall petition without redaction of information on a recall petition ... " the board 's statement said , noting the public and officeholders have the right to view the petitions . "  Few processes in the electoral system or elsewhere are more public than the signing of recall petitions against state elected officials . " Before the decision , Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen , a Republican like Walker , said the signatures should be made public , stating the importance of transparency in the recall process . "  Our law I think is very clear that the maximum amount of information that is available should be made available , " he said . "  It 's general knowledge that if you do something in public , that 's going to be public information . " This would be the first time in Wisconsin 's history that a governor has faced recall . Crowd celebrates end of the recall effort in Madison In fact , there have only been two successful gubernatorial recalls in United States history , that of California Gov. Gray Davis in 2003 and that of North Dakota Gov. Lynn Frazier in 1921 . The more difficult battle will begin once the signatures are approved , and the state schedules a recall election . Both sides will be well financed and ready to battle , said Kenneth Goldstein , president of the Campaign Media Analysis Group . Walker was undaunted by the recall effort , CNN affiliate WTMJ reported . "  The optimist in me looks at that and says : the overwhelming majority of the people in the state chose not to sign that and I earned the trust of the majority the last time . My hope is I will earn their trust again , " he said . Walker set off a firestorm in January 2010 when he moved to curtail the collective bargaining rights of most state employees . With majorities in both houses of the Legislature , Walker and his GOP allies voted to limit raises for public employees except police and firefighters to the rate of inflation , bar unions from deducting dues from workers ' paychecks and force them to hold a new certification vote every year . That bill was signed into law in March , following weeks of protests at the state capitol building in Madison . Republicans insisted it was necessary to control the skyrocketing costs of public employee benefits and close the budget shortfall . Democrats argued it was an attempt to gut public-sector labor unions , one of their core constituencies . The public brouhaha all but shut down the Wisconsin state legislature for weeks . It also drew protesters by the tens of thousands , among them union supporters and public employees , who called the measure an attack on workers . A group of Democratic lawmakers left the state for some time in an effort to not allow a quorum for a vote . Eventually , the law was passed and signed by Walker in March . The state Supreme Court upheld the law in June , but the battle sparked a storm of political activism that led to the recall effort .	Some who signed the petition are concerned about their safety Wisconsin 's Public Records Law requires the release of the petition Gov. Scott Walker drew the ire of labor unions and public school teachers last year More than a million people signed the petition to recall him
CNN  -- Michelle Obama is controversial enough in this country . Many commentators criticize the cost of her clothes and the glitz of her entertaining . Yet it may be that she has generated the most reaction across the Atlantic . As you may have heard , French President Francois Hollande has entangled himself in a farcical emotional comedy . On January 10 , a French magazine printed an article insinuating that Hollande had fallen in love with an actress , Julie Gayet . Hollande threatened to sue for invasion of privacy , but he did not deny the truth of the story . Almost immediately after the magazine story appeared , Hollande 's present partner -- a former television presenter named Valerie Trierweiler -- had checked herself into a hospital . Friends told the press that Trierweiler had swallowed "  a pill too many . " What has Michelle Obama to do with all this ? The President of France is set to visit the United States on February 11 . The grand question convulsing the French media is : Who will Hollande present to Michelle Obama as the first lady of France ? The British newspaper , the Daily Telegraph , reports that Trierweiler "  has told friends that she will forgive -LSB- Hollande -RSB- if she stays as first lady and the other woman goes . " Trierweiler has supposedly set the Washington visit and the meeting with Michelle Obama as the crucial decision point . At a lengthy press conference on January 14 , Hollande promised that the question , "  Does France have a first lady , and if so , who ? " would be resolved out before the Washington visit . The French are unused to romantic dramas played out in public . Until recently , the wife of a French president was deemed a private person , not a representative of the state . Mme Charles de Gaulle , Mme Georges Pompidou , Mme Valery Giscard d'Estaing , Mme Francois Mitterand and Mme Jacques Chirac would appear at formal state functions but otherwise remain secluded from public view .  Francois Mitterand , President from 1981 through 1995 , insisted especially forcefully on privacy for his family for a reason the French public only learned after his death : He had two families and maintained both of the households at public expense . All that changed , first under Nicolas Sarkozy , elected in 2007 , and now Hollande , elected in 2012 . The twice-divorced Sarkozy married the glamorous Carla Bruni a year into his term of office . The next year , Sarkozy became the first French president to have a child in office . It was Sarkozy and Bruni who reinvented the role of the French first lady -- and Michelle Obama seems to have been a big part of the reason why . In 2008 , the French media pulsed with excitement over Barack and Michelle Obama . Sarkozy , whose government had run into early trouble , was eager to borrow some of the Obamas ' popularity . He sought to replace the highly formal head-of-state to head-of-state relationships of the past with a new , more tabloid-accessible , couple-to-couple relationship . Thus , although Laura Bush and Bernadette Chirac were photographed together only on red carpets and around crowded lunch tables , Michelle Obama and Carla Bruni figured in dozens of seemingly warm and friendly one-on-one shots . Sarkozy 's successor , Hollande , needed something quite different from Michelle Obama . Hollande had lived unmarried for 30 years with another senior figure in the French Socialist party , Segolene Royal . They had four children together . In 2007 , the French Socialist Party chose Royal as its presidential candidate . After Royal 's defeat , Hollande broke off with her , took up with Trierweiler and sought and won the presidency for himself . Unlike Sarkozy and Bruni , Hollande and Trierweiler never did get married . Today , with his approval rating battered down to 22 % by France 's miserable economic performance and his own vacillating leadership style , Hollande 's public image desperately needs some kind of reinforcement . The magazine that revealed Hollande 's affair with Gayet also posted photographs of the 59-year-old Hollande popping on a helmet to ride a motor scooter to his mistress ' home . Never photogenic , he looked especially absurd . Parodies ensued , including a video game in which you are Hollande on his scooter and must dodge paparazzi and his current partner to get to his new girlfriend . Standing at the White House alongside the Obamas with a first lady of France -- any first lady -- might inject Hollande with a supplemental dose of respectability and dignity . That would be the plan , anyway . Around the world , elected leaders struggle with the question : What to do with the spouse of the head of government ? Voters are inescapably curious about and interested in that person , whether she is the first lady of a superpower or a small Baltic republic . The American solution is to carve out a place for the spouse of the president , with a staff and public duties . In turn , that person is expected to submit to certain demands and at least outwardly conform to more traditional norms of behavior . It 's an imperfect solution . But it 's a better solution than what we see in Congress and statehouses , where it has become increasingly common for one spouse to hold high office while the other spouse makes a fortune as a lobbyist -- and where voters are asked to believe that the rising wealth of the private-sector spouse has nothing whatsoever to do with the political clout of the spouse on the public payroll . On Saturday night , Michelle Obama celebrated her 50th birthday at a White House dance party . The Obamas ' entertaining has often provoked criticism . Criticism goes with the first lady role . Entertain too much , dress too well , and you are Marie Antoinette . Just ask Nancy Reagan . Entertain too little , dress too plainly , and you will be mocked as dowdy and boring -- think Bess Truman . Look too interested in public affairs , and people will ask "  Who elected you ? " See Clinton , Hillary . Ignore public affairs , and Americans will grumble that you are AWOL from your duties . See Bush , Laura . Yet as impossible as it is to fill the role of first lady perfectly , it is that much more impossible to pretend that the consort of the head of state is just a private person living in a public building . The wife  someday , husband ; someday after that , same-sex partner  of the head of state is inescapably a public person , too , with public influence and a public function . That function , when well-performed , deserves respect from across the political spectrum . Happy birthday , Michelle Obama . You earned your party . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : French president in a romantic pickle that makes him look a little ridiculous Hollande has two girlfriends ; which one he brings on U.S. visit is burning question Frum : Hollande needs the respectability that posing with the Obamas would bring Frum : Nations often do n't know what role a "  first spouse " plays , but public always curious
CNN  -- The news reports streaming out of the Middle East this week have understandably focused on concerns Iran is working to build a nuclear weapon , challenging Israel 's own widely believed but publicly undeclared nuclear arsenal and threatening stability across the region . Iran 's record supporting terrorism in the Middle East through groups like Hezbollah in Lebanon elevates those concerns . Some say President Barack Obama only needs to give Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a "  green light " to carry out an attack that would aim to damage or destroy Iran 's nuclear enrichment facilities at the core of concerns . Other Israeli sources are insistent that the U.S. military is better able to carry out the attacks and should therefore take the lead . Nuclear weapons : Who has what As the world marks 10 years since the Iraq invasion , it might be a good time to look ahead and ask the decision-makers some basic questions about the threat and the strategy to deal with it . They 've been wrong before , but plenty of pundits are laying out a "  spring or summer " timeline for military action . Is this to be a pre-emptive strike ? In April , 2006 Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad stood onstage , surrounded by dancers holding glowing vials representing enriched uranium and declared : "  I am officially announcing that Iran joined the group of those countries which have nuclear technology . " Iran has repeatedly denied it is trying to "  weaponize " its nuclear program and spiritual leader Sayyed Ali Khamenei has even issued a fatwa in a speech against the production and use of weapons of mass destruction . The IAEA says it has no evidence Iran is diverting its enriched uranium to make a weapon , but refuses to give Tehran a clean bill because inspectors have been unable to visit a military location where nuclear weapon research could be conducted . There is no shortage of experts who believe Iran is doing everything it can to ready nuclear weapons technology so that if it considers itself threatened , it could produce one relatively quickly . The question is not whether Israel and the U.S. would attack Iran if it developed a nuclear weapon . Both states have said they will not allow Iran to possess nuclear weapons . The question is at what point Iran 's capability to go nuclear is unacceptable . It is important because it 's relatively easy to bomb buildings and factories , but you ca n't bomb knowledge . What would be the U.S. or Israeli military goals ? Any strategy that involves attacking Iran to control its nuclear program compels us to ask what the U.S. and Israel hope to achieve ? Will it be enough to shut down the nuclear enrichment process for a year ... two years ... five years ? In the event of a strike on its nuclear program , it is reasonable to assume Tehran would immediately resume its research in deeper , hidden underground shelters . It may already be preparing to do that . The U.S. can expect Iran would try to rebuild and improve on its past efforts with a vengeance . It is also reasonable to assume Iran would end cooperation with the IAEA nuclear inspectors and the United States , Europe and Israel would lose the window to look inside Iran 's nuclear program , however imperfect it may be . A more important question the U.S. needs to ask is whether a military attack strategy will force it into a "  lawn mowing " ritual that has to be repeated , again and again ? Military experts have been clear that a strike on Iran 's nuclear program is n't going to be simple or easy . It might have to include scores of targets like radar installations , airfields and missile sites . Those same military voices remind everyone there will be necessary bomb damage assessments -- possibly by drone , aircraft or satellite -- in the wake of any strike to determine what was damaged or missed . It all tends to add up to a very major military effort -- not the simple "  one and done " raid Israel carried out on Iraq 's Osirak nuclear reactor in 1981 . The only way out of a cycle like this would seem to be negotiations , or perhaps even to learn to live with a nuclear capable Iran . It bears mentioning because that 's precisely where the U.S. and Israel are right now -- before taking on the high costs and high risks of another military "  solution . " Has the diplomatic route been exhausted ? Obama has repeatedly said there is "  a window -- not an infinite period time , but a window of time -- where we can resolve this diplomatically . " This week , it became clearer than ever that Netanyahu is growing impatient with the lack of progress that talks and sanctions have achieved . That 's understandable . Israel and Iran are already locked in a covert war . Since 2007 , Iran has alleged at least five of its nuclear scientists have been assassinated by Israeli agents . There was no official response from Israel . In July 2012 , a suicide bomber attacked a bus carrying Israeli tourists in Bulgaria . Five Israelis were killed -- along with their Bulgarian driver -- and a Bulgarian investigation established links between the bomber and the pro-Iranian Lebanese group Hezbollah . So the most important question of all is : When does America give up on diplomacy with Iran ? Iran is different from other Middle East countries in an important way . For decades , the United States propped up Arab leaders and had , on the surface anyway , warm relations with them . But almost universally , the man in the street detested the U.S. government . In Iran , it 's the man on the street who is largely supportive of America . It 's the government and the extremists it trains that have all the hatred for what the U.S. represents . Perhaps the question right now is n't about giving up , but whether it 's time to double down on diplomacy to avoid a conflict that poses serious and unpredictable consequences .	Pundits are laying out a spring-summer timetable if the U.S. or Israel is to attack Iran 's nuclear program CNN 's Jim Clancy says decision-makers need to ask basic questions first How would success be assessed and how would Iran react ? He points out U.S. also enjoys great support on the Iranian street unlike in many regional neighbors
CNN  -- Formula One has returned to Bahrain amid conflicting views about the sport 's place in a country where political tensions are running high . The head of the sport 's governing body the FIA , Jean Todt , insists the sport coming to Bahrain can be a force for good . But that view is not shared by anti-government protesters , who recently staged a drum march in the village outside Bahrain 's capital Manama to urge F1 not to come under the current circumstances . Many issues in the kingdom remain unresolved after an uprising in 2011 where the majority Shiite population demanded more rights from the rulers who belong to the minority Sunni sect . Those protests were violently crushed by Bahrain 's security forces with troops from Saudi Arabia coming in to support the government . In the aftermath of the protests the government promised reform including a special unit set up to investigate claims of rights abuses but critics say little has changed , so the opposition continues to do battle . The former team principal of F1 's famous Ferrari marque , Todt is not attending the Bahrain Grand Prix , though officials have played down the significance of his absence , with a spokesman reportedly sayng the event was never on his schedule . Todt recently drew criticism , accused of failing to voice his views on why F1 is continuing to race in the volatile Gulf Kingdom . In 2011 the race was canceled because of ongoing civil unrest but was reinstated last season . The FIA president went some way to addressing that criticism this week by sending a letter to an umbrella group of human rights activists in Bahrain . In the letter , seen by news agency Reuters , Todt explained : "  Sport , and the F1 Grand Prix , can have a positive and healing effect in situation where conflict , social unrest and tensions are causing distress . " Protesters view the Bahrain GP as a rare opportunity to raise awareness of the country 's political situation for a global audience . "  The media does n't cover the demonstrations like this revolution which is part of the Arab Spring , " Sayed Yousif Al-Mahfdah from the Bahrain Center for Human Rights , told CNN . "  This is why we tell them come over to the Formula One race and come see the women and the men marching in the streets demanding democracy and human rights . " Bahrain maintains that has worked to resolve political differences , and the government argues the race will bring benefits to many Bahrainis . "  F1 brings significant benefits to everyone in Bahrain , especially economically , " the government said in a statement . "  Bahrain upholds the right to peaceful protest . It is a country made up of many communities with different views on its development . "  This is why it has launched a dialogue between all political groups to address political issues in a manner that will ensure the country develops in a sustainable way . "  It should be noted that in some cases protests encouraged by extreme opposition groups result in deliberate and targeted violence . "  Only in these case do security forces respond and they do so while exercising appropriate restraint . Some unfortunately believe that continued unrest on the streets affords them a political advantage , when it results in greater divisions between communities in Bahrain . Violence can never be tolerated . " However , a number of leading human rights organizations argue the sport provides credibility to a government accused of human rights abuses . Read more : Is Bahrain serious about reform ? "  Many people in Bahrain no longer see Formula One as a sport , but as an organization which supports a repressive regime , " said a protest group comprised of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights , the Bahrain Press Association , the Bahrain Youth Society for Human Rights and the Campaign Against Arms Trade . This week a group British MPs wrote letter to F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone urging him to call off the grand prix . Ecclestone has voiced sympathy for the protesters but the race is still scheduled to go ahead . When F1 returned to Bahrain in 2012 , the race weekend was undisturbed although two members of the Force India team returned to the UK after being caught up in petrol bomb attacks on their journey from the Sakhir circuit .	Formula One returns to Bahrain amid anti-government protests FIA president Jean Todt says the sport 's return to Bahrain can have a "  healing effect " Some protesters say the race is a chance to raise awareness of the country 's political plight Other human rights groups have called for the race to be canceled
Financial Times  -- The sales director for a supplier to Beijing Foton Daimler Automotive is close to despair . She has been selling parts for 20 years but now , she said , more people than ever needed to be bribed to guarantee orders . "  In the past , we would give a purchasing manager a red envelope . But now even assembly line workers will call me threatening that if we do n't pay up they will find some problem with our product , " she said , asking to remain anonymous for fear of the potential consequences . "  The rot has reached the roots . " Her exasperation is shared by many . China is gripped by a sense that corruption has never been as bad as it is today and that it has started to shake the very foundations of the country 's economic development . Xi Jinping , who became president on Thursday , has been driving an anti-graft campaign ever since he took over as Communist party chief in November . Mr Xi identified fighting corruption as a priority in his first speech as leader and has promised to show no leniency over an issue that he and others have warned could be a threat to the party 's rule . Beijing has subsequently cracked down on the flood of gifts and banquets from which even small-time party officials have benefited . And , at the annual session of the National People 's Congress , the rubber-stamp parliament that has been meeting in Beijing this week , Mr Xi 's approach has raised hopes that tougher rhetoric will translate into systemic reform . "  We have received indications that the National People 's Congress Standing Committee will put a broad anti-corruption law on its legislative agenda for the coming five years , " said Dennis Han , an NPC delegate and long-time campaigner for legislation to force officials to publicly declare their assets . But the problem runs far beyond officialdom . According to Transparency International , Chinese people say corruption is at its worst in the private sector . In the group 's 2010/2011 Global Corruption Barometer , the sector scored worse than the civil service , judiciary or the police . Daimler did not respond to requests for comment about the claims made by the supplier 's sales director about its Chinese joint venture . The executive said her company gave her Rmb20 ,000  $ 3,300  for handouts during lunar new year , when cash gifts in red envelopes is traditionally given in a practice often used as a cloak for bribery . Even so , she said , she struggled to meet the ballooning demand for new year gifts from even lowly employees at the Daimler joint venture on the outskirts of Beijing . "  The Germans only occupy the top layer of management , and everything below that is done by Chinese , the Chinese way . The Germans do n't know , " she said . Although China has many laws and regulations banning corruption , the country has long struggled to contain it among officials . Lang Sheng , deputy head of the NPC 's law committee , said further anti-corruption legislation would be one of the focal points of the congress 's work in the coming years . Plenty of people remain sceptical about the party 's willingness to root out corruption . A bout of transparency would be likely to reveal graft at the very top of the party and Beijing has reacted angrily in recent months to scrutiny by international news organisations , including Bloomberg and the New York Times , of the wealth of Mr Xi 's family and that of Wen Jiabao , the outgoing premier . Reformists are not giving up , however . Mr Han failed for seven years in a row to get a proposal making it mandatory for officials to disclose their assets on the NPC 's agenda . This year , however , he has changed tack . He now believes that waiting for asset declaration requirements to be included in a broader law is more realistic as it would give the leadership more time . Any change is likely to take time . Legal experts say China will probably have to amend parts of its criminal code and several other laws in the process . Even those who believe that change is possible think that means it will take a decade before it becomes reality . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	People in China say corruption is worse than ever China 's new president has promised to root out graft Some remain skeptical that reforms will materialize NPC delegate Dennis Han is calling for asset declaration requirements for officials
CNN  -- The roadblocks went up on a Friday at several points in two Alabama towns , about 40 miles on either side of Birmingham . For the next two days , off-duty sheriff 's deputies in St. Clair County , to the east , and Bibb County , to the southwest , flagged down motorists and steered them toward federal highway safety researchers . The researchers asked them a few questions about drinking and drug use and asked them for breath , saliva and blood samples -- offering them $ 10 for saliva and $ 50 to give blood . It 's not just in Alabama . The roadblocks are part of a national study led by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , which is trying to determine how many drivers are on the road with drugs or alcohol in their systems . Similar roadblocks will be erected in dozens of communities across the nation this year , according to the agency . It 's been going on for decades . Previous surveys date to the 1970s . The last one was run in 2007 , and it included the collection of blood and saliva samples without apparent controversy , sheriff 's spokesmen in both Alabama counties said . But this time , it 's happening as the Obama administration struggles to explain revelations that U.S. spy organizations have been tracking phone and Internet traffic . Against that backdrop , the NHTSA-backed roadblocks have led to complaints in Alabama about an intrusive federal government . Gov. Robert Bentley complained that his office had not been notified that the surveys were going to be conducted . Speaking on a Birmingham radio show , Bentley , a Republican , said the stops were "  bad timing " after the NSA revelations and in light of recent complaints about the Internal Revenue Service subjecting conservative groups that applied for tax exemptions to additional scrutiny . Bentley spokesman Jeremy King said the governor 's office "  is working to find out exactly what took place during those surveys . " "  We just want to make sure the rights of our citizens are protected , " King said . And Susan Watson , executive director of the Alabama chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union , called the use of deputies to conduct the survey an "  abuse of power . " Even though the survey is voluntary , people still feel they need to comply when asked by a police officer , she said . "  How voluntary is it when you have a police officer in uniform flagging you down ? " Watson asked . "  Are you going to stop ? Yes , you 're going to stop . " The agency said in a statement that the survey provides "  critical information " to reduce drunken or drugged driving . "  Impaired driving accounts for more than 10,000 deaths per year , and findings from this survey will be used to maximize the impact of policy development , education campaigns , law enforcement efforts and other activities aimed at reducing this problem , " it said . The program costs about $ 7.9 million over three years , from planning the study to analyzing the results , it said . "  The survey provides useful data about alcohol and drug use by drivers , and participation is completely voluntary and anonymous , " it said . "  More than 60 communities across the country will participate this year , including two Alabama counties , both of which also participated in the previous survey in 2007 . NHTSA always works closely with state safety officials and local law enforcement to conduct these surveys as we work to better inform our efforts to reduce drunk and drugged driving . " The agency said the 8,000 drivers expected to take part will do so voluntarily and anonymously , and researchers follow "  a highly scientific protocol and complex statistical design in order to accurately reflect the problem nationwide . " Supreme Court rules DNA swabbing after arrest is legal In the 2007 survey , about 7,700 drivers gave saliva samples and 3,300 gave blood at survey sites run during both day and night . Among drivers who were interviewed at night , 12.4 % had alcohol in their systems , while about 16 % had used marijuana , cocaine or over-the-counter or prescription drugs . Cliff Sims , publisher of the Alabama conservative blog Yellowhammer Politics , said the complaints are mostly because of the bad timing Bentley mentioned . But , he added , "  I think it 's also that it has a lot to do with a larger distrust of government and people feeling more and more like their privacy has been invaded . "  When you see that taken out of the online space , where it 's not quite as tangible , and into the real , physical world , that 's the kind of visible and tangible thing that people can latch onto , " he said . Sims said he does n't believe that the roadblocks are the result of "  some sort of sinister conspiracy . " But , he added , "  I think it 's inappropriate to have uniformed police officers on the side of the road taking people 's saliva samples , whether it 's voluntary or not . " The off-duty sheriff 's deputies who took part this year set up traffic signs notifying motorists that a national traffic survey was being conducted , said Bibb County Sheriff 's Deputy Kevin Lawrence , who worked at one of the five sites around Centerville . The next half-dozen drivers who came by were flagged down and asked whether they wanted to take part in the program . If they did , they were steered into a spot where researchers from the Pacific Institute for Research and Evaluation , which conducted the survey for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , began asking them questions . Once they drove off , deputies flagged down another car to take their place . "  It was all voluntary . Nobody was made to participate or anything like that , " Lawrence said . "  They could just answer the little 10 survey questions and then leave , or they could answer the questions and give the mouth sample , or they could do it all . " Deputies were told they were not to make arrests , he said . If a breath sample indicated that a driver was legally intoxicated , "  The organization would handle them as far as a ride home . " Lawrence said most motorists opted in , although several at the roadblock he worked bowed out . "  I had mostly traffic of folks going to and from work , " he said . "  We had several that would say , you know , ' I do n't have time ' or ` I 'm on my way to work , I ca n't . ' " Lawrence said Bibb County had no complaints about its role in the 2007 survey . Nor did St. Clair County , said Lt. Freddie Turrentine , a sheriff 's spokesman there .	Alabama sheriff 's deputies erect roadblocks for a federal drug and alcohol survey The survey is part of a National Highway Traffic Safety Administration study Similar roadblocks will be erected in dozens of U.S. communities , agency says Civil rights advocates : It 's an "  abuse of power "
CNN  -- Maps can be beautiful and good ones can be great investments . But what collectors often find most entrancing about maps are how they provide portals into history . The rise and fall of cities , the charting of war and adventure , the promise of riches through trade ... history continues to be rewritten according to scholars ' reinterpretations of ancient cartography . John Selden 's 17th-century map of China made a huge splash recently as the stimulus for two new books analyzing London 's rise as an economic hub  the city 's success is inextricably linked to trade with China , as the Selden map illustrates  . According to some experts , the current unprecedented volume of global travel is also contributing to a burgeoning interest in map collecting . "  I believe that as people travel more , migrate more and speak more languages , and as business becomes more globalized , the appeal of two types of attachment to the idea of ` place ' increases , " says Daniel Crouch , a London based specialist of antique maps and atlases . "  One , as an identification with , or memory of , a place or homeland left behind , and the other as a statement of a new ` home ' or adopted country , or fondness for a land visited . " Crouch reveals some fascinating map facts gathered from a lifetime of collecting and selling antique maps , and shares favorites from his most recent exhibition in Hong Kong featuring maps of China . 7 things to know about maps 1 . It 's still possible to have your own world-class map collection Even the wealthiest collectors of old master or impressionist paintings , Chinese ceramics or modern art can never hope to have collections of a quality to match the likes of the Louvre , the British Museum or the Met . However , that 's not true of maps . The savvy collector can still buy maps or atlases as good as , and sometimes better than , those found in the world 's major libraries and museums . "  We have several items in our gallery that are at least as good , if not better , than the equivalent examples in , say , the Bibliotheque Nationale , the British Library or Library of Congress , " says Crouch , whose gallery keeps approximately 250 maps and 50 atlases in stock at any one time . 2 . "  BRIC " nations are hot right now Antique maps featuring the world 's biggest developing countries have seen a recent spike in prices . According to Crouch this heightened interest can be linked to the recently increased inbound and outbound travel from these countries . "  Maps of B.R.I.C. nations  Brazil , Russia , India and China  have seen the fastest growing markets  and prices  in recent years , " says Crouch . "  I have also noticed an increased interest in ` thematic ' and 19th and even early 20th century mapping , " he says . 3 . The first "  modern " map was printed more than 500 years ago While the earliest maps were rudimentary diagrams drawn in caves in pre-historic times , the first proper manuscript maps appeared in the 12th century . The map of the Holy Land printed in the "  Rudimentum Novitiorum , " an encyclopedia of world history published in 1475 , is considered the first modern printed map . A sample of the Rudimentum Novitiorum was sold for Â # 500,000  $ 829,000  in 2013 . 4 . Mapmakers included fake towns to catch forgers Ever been to the town of Agloe in New York State ? Whitewall in California ? Or Relescent in Florida ? While these towns are clearly marked on a number of antique maps of the United States , they do n't actually exist . "  Paper towns " were fake places added to maps by early mapmakers in order to dupe forgers into copying them , thereby exposing themselves to charges of copyright infringement . 5 . The world 's best map collection is in Paris "  The best collection in the world , in my opinion , is that of the Bibliotheque Nationale de France in Paris , followed by the Library of Congress in the United States and the British Library , " says Crouch . "  Many of what we now regard as the major institutional collections of cartography were actually put together by individuals in the 17th and 18th centuries . In the United Kingdom , the best collection of such material was made by King George III . " The latter collection is known as the "  K.Top , " and can be found in the British Library . 6 . The most expensive map was the first to name America The U.S. Library of Congress paid a record $ 10 million for German cartographer Martin WaldseemÃ 1/4 ller 's Universalis Cosmographia , a wall map of the world printed in 1507 . It 's the only surviving copy of the map , which was the first to use the name "  America . " In 2007 , Crouch brokered the sale of the most expensive atlas ever sold -- the 1477 Bologna Ptolemy , the first printed atlas -- for Â # 1.9 million  $ 3.12 million  . 7 . The best place to shop for maps is in the Netherlands The annual European Fine Art and Antiques Fair in Masstricht , Netherlands is often considered the world 's best place to shop for antique maps , classic and modern art and jewelry . More than 70,000 people visited the TEFAF Maastricht in 2013 to browse the 260 booths from 20 countries . "  It 's simply the biggest and best fine art fair in the world , " says Crouch . This year 's fair dates are March 14-23 . TEFAF Maastricht , Maastricht Exhibition & Congress Centre , Forum 100 , 6229 GV Maastricht , Netherlands ; +31 43 38 38 383 ; 11 a.m.-7 p.m.	"  Paper towns " were fake places added to maps by mapmakers in order to dupe forgers into copying them The world 's best map collection is in Paris , says map dealer Daniel Crouch Maps of BRIC nations are popular in the collecting world right now
CNN  -- Last week , three teenage girls from Denver were alleged to have tried to join ISIS . The girls were stopped by FBI officials as they transited Frankfurt airport in Germany and were sent back to Colorado . The key lead in this case was n't high-tech surveillance by the National Security Agency or a tip by a government informant , but a tip to the FBI by the girls ' worried families . Assad Ibrahim , the Sudanese-American father of one of the girls , received a call from his daughter 's Denver school telling him she was missing . When he tried calling her , she did not pick up . Ibrahim went to the father of the other two girls to check whether their passports were missing . They were . The families then went to the FBI , which intercepted the girls at the Frankfurt airport . The key role that families play in preventing violent extremism is often overlooked in favor of focusing on more exotic counterterrorism measures such as the National Security Agency 's surveillance programs or the use of paid informants . In fact , a survey by the New America Foundation of 251 jihadist terrorism cases in the United States since 9/11 found that almost a third of the individuals accused of engaging in some kind of terrorist crime have been implicated by a tip from a family member or a member of the Muslim-American community . By contrast , only a little more than 1 % of these cases was generated by one of the NSA 's most controversial surveillance programs , in which the agency collected every American 's phone data for several years . Families are often critical in stopping radicalizing individuals from stepping over the edge into militant activity . Take Adam Dandach , a 20-year-old Orange County man who was charged in July with committing passport fraud in an effort to join ISIS . His mother hid his passport so he could not leave the country . When more than 20 Somali-Americans left from Minnesota after 2007 to fight for the al Qaeda affiliated Al Shabaab group in Somalia , family and community members played critical roles in the ensuing FBI investigation . After Abdirizak Bihi 's nephew , Burhan Hassan , left to fight for Al Shabaab in Somalia in November 2008 , Bihi worked to organize community cooperation with the government 's investigation . As Ralph Boelter , who oversaw the FBI 's investigation , put it in 2009 when the Justice Department unsealed charges against eight men accused of supporting Al Shabaab , "  It is through the sustained and dedicated efforts of the Minneapolis Joint Terrorism Task Force and the support of the Somali-American community that today we are able to disclose some of the significant progress we have achieved in this critical investigation . " . Families are not a panacea . Sometimes family members intervene with a radicalizing individual , but the intervention does n't work . Shannon Conley , a 19-year-old Colorado woman , pleaded guilty in September to conspiring to provide material support to ISIS . Her family sought to dissuade her from seeking to join jihadists in Syria , but their efforts failed and she was arrested on April 8 at Denver International Airport on her way to Syria . Samir Khan traveled to Yemen from Charlotte , North Carolina , in 2009 where he became the editor of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's Inspire magazine despite several attempts by his family members and elders from the local Muslim-American community to dissuade him from his militant views . Two years later Khan was killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen . Sometimes a family will warn U.S. authorities about a radicalizing child , but the warning is n't sufficiently followed up on . The Nigerian "  underwear bomber , " Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , tried to blow up a bomb secreted in his underwear over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 . Luckily the bomb failed to detonate . A month earlier , Abdulmuttalab 's father had gone to the U.S. Embassy in Abuja , Nigeria , and told State Department officials there that he believed his son was meeting with extremists in Yemen . The U.S. Embassy in Nigeria issued a warning to the U.S. National Counterterrorism Center , but Abdulmuttalab was not put on the "  no fly " list and the center 's analysts did not make an effort to determine if Abdulmuttalab possessed a valid U.S. visa . Families are often , of course , the first to notice if a son or daughter is radicalizing and are a key bulwark against extremism . Why and how some people radicalize is a subject that is complex , but one indicator is usually unambiguous and that is that radicalizing individuals will often spend a great deal of time on jihadist websites or consuming jihadist social media . Many parents do n't have much of a clue about what is happening online , but a common sense approach if they suspect their son or daughter is radicalizing is to get a better handle on their children 's social media use and profile .	3 Colorado girls are intercepted on their way to the Middle East , allegedly to join ISIS Their families alerted authorities , who were able to find them in Frankfurt airport Peter Bergen : Families often spot signs of radicalization and alert officials More terrorism plots disrupted by families than by controversial NSA surveillance
CNN  -- North Korea on Friday responded to tougher sanctions from the U.N. Security Council with another barrage of vitriol , repeating a vow to ditch all nonaggression pacts with the South . A day after the isolated regime in Pyongyang had threatened a possible "  pre-emptive nuclear attack , " something analysts say they think is unlikely , its official news agency reeled off a number of agreements with South Korea that it said would no longer apply . It 's the latest installment in a week of furious rhetoric from the North , fueled by its anger over the U.N. vote on the new sanctions , a response to North Korea 's recent nuclear test , and joint military drills by the United States and South Korea , which take place in the region each year . North Korea watchers and U.S. officials said the recent frenzy of ominous language from North Korea under its young leader Kim Jong Un makes the situation on the Korean Peninsula more worrying and unpredictable . South Korea has warned the North that it will retaliate strongly and sternly if its citizens are threatened . "  This surge in provocative rhetoric is particularly dangerous , " said Michael Auslin of the American Enterprise Institute . "  South Korea 's new president ca n't be seen to back down in the face of the North 's threats , while Kim Jong Un may feel that his successful missile and nuclear tests give him the ability to keep pressuring Seoul . The two may wind up talking themselves into conflict . " South Korean President Park Geun-hye , who took office late last month , said Friday that Seoul would respond strongly to any provocation from Pyongyang , the semiofficial news agency Yonhap reported . U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel offered a similar promise . "  The United States of America and our allies are prepared to deal with any threat , " Hagel said . The possibility of a flare-up was highlighted by the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies , which predicted a provocative move from the North "  in the coming weeks . " The center said that according to its research , Pyongyang has carried out "  a military provocation of some form within weeks of every South Korean presidential inauguration dating back to 1992 . " A military clash could risk drawing in the United States , which has about 28,500 troops stationed in South Korea as part of the security alliance between the two countries . The most recent skirmish between the two Koreas took place in November 2010 , when the North shelled an island on the South 's side of the border , killing several people . Pyongyang claimed Seoul had provoked it by carrying out training exercises off the countries ' shared coast . The United States is using satellites , radar and aircraft near the Korean Peninsula in its recently stepped-up surveillance of North Korea , U.S. military sources said . So far , though , there are no signs of unusual military moves by North Korean forces , according to the same U.S. military officials . A week of strong threats The North 's comments on Friday reiterated statements it had made earlier this week promising to abolish the armistice agreement that stopped the Korean War in 1953 and threatening strikes on the United States and South Korea . Claiming its enemies are "  hell bent on confrontation and war fever , " Pyongyang said it was now revoking "  all agreements on nonaggression reached between the North and the South , " a declaration it has made in previous years . It also said it was nullifying the joint declaration on the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . The North , which conducted its third underground nuclear test last month , had said recently that denuclearization of the region was impossible because of what it described as the United States ' hostile policy toward it . It also stated that it was immediately cutting off the "  North-South hot line , " three days after it had already said it planned to terminate its military telephone line with the United States . The phone line is meant to serve as a tool to defuse potential flash points along the heavily militarized border between the two Koreas . But Andre Kok , deputy public affairs officer for U.S. Forces in Korea , said that reports of the North 's Korean People 's Army , known as the KPA , cutting off communication often arise when military training exercises are taking place , as they are at the moment . "  When we place a call on the direct phone line and the KPA does not answer , we have no way of knowing if the KPA has actually disconnected the phone lines or are just not answering the phone , " he said . On Saturday , North Korea 's foreign ministry said sanctions against the North over the last eight years have only caused it to bolster its nuclear deterrent program "  qualitatively and quantitatively , " according to the North 's official news agency , KCNA . On Friday afternoon , Pentagon spokesman George Little said North Korea "  will achieve nothing through threats of provocations , which will only further isolate North Korea and undermine international efforts to ensure peace and stability in Northeast Asia . " Little said the United Sates "  calls on  North Korea  to refrain from further threats and provocative actions , " and said the United States is fully capable of defending itself and its allies , including South Korea and Japan . New U.N. measures Tensions are particularly high at the moment because of the new measures against the North adopted unanimously on Thursday by the U.N. Security Council . "  These sanctions will bite , and bite hard , " U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice said after the vote . China , North Korea 's key ally , could have used its veto power to block the sanctions . Instead , after weeks of negotiating , it signed on to the final draft . "  China is a country of principle , " China 's U.N. Ambassador Li Baodong said . "  We are firmly committed to safeguarding peace and stability on the Korean peninsula . " On Friday , China 's Foreign Ministry called upon "  all relative parties to stay calm and refrain from taking actions that may escalate tension . " Spokeswoman Hua Chunying reiterated China 's support for the sanctions , which have stoked Pyongyang 's fury . The goal of the new sanctions is to stymie the activities of North Korean banks and cash couriers who might be funneling money to the secretive regime 's nuclear and missile programs . It will be tougher for the regime to move large sums of cash stuffed into suitcases , Rice said . The U.N. resolution also outlines measures to step up scrutiny of suspicious sea shipments and air cargo and it expands restrictions to encompass several institutions and senior officials in the North 's weapons industry , as well as a range of materials and technology known to be used in uranium enrichment . It also blocks the sale of luxury goods , such as yachts and certain high-end jewelry , to North Korea . "  As a result , North Korea 's ruling elite , who have been living large while impoverishing their people , will pay a price " for the ongoing nuclear activities , Rice said . Questions over sanctions ' effectiveness Some doubt whether the new measures will make much difference . Sanctions imposed after previous nuclear tests and rocket launches have failed to deter Pyongyang . China will go a long way toward determining whether the new sanctions really do have bite , analysts say . "  As long as China allows North Korea to operate , as long as China provides food , energy assistance and investment , the sanctions really do n't matter , " said Doug Bandow of the Cato Institute . North Korea notoriously allows many of its people to live in malnutrition and starvation . Still , the country needs a functioning economy , partly to finance its military , Bandow said . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the United States is committed to taking action to compel North Korea to alter its approach . "  We 're ... going to continue to increase the pressure if they do n't make the right choice , " Nuland said . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Josh Levs , Tim Schwarz , Elise Labott , Richard Roth and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : North Korea says sanctions over the years only caused it to bolster its nuclear deterrent The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously to approve new measures China calls for all parties to calm down but stands behind new U.N. sanctions North Korea responds with a fresh statement of angry threats
CNN  -- Shoppers from as far as Japan descend on Springfield , Ohio , for its twice-yearly market of 19th-century antiques . But the event is n't stuck in the past . In 2012 , it introduced live music , beer and wine stands , and trend-driven clothing and housewares . The effort is paying off in Springfield , where the May 2012 market drew a record-breaking weekend crowd of 21,000 shoppers , and flea markets across America are seeing a similar surge of interest . Some credit goes to the popularity of reality TV series like Oddities , American Pickers , and Market Warriors , which have picked up the Roadshow mantle and are mining the world of secondhand buying , selling , and collecting . Read more : Savvy shoppers seek American-made products As a result , a whole new group of travelers is discovering that braving the crowds at America 's liveliest flea markets delivers more than just deals ; it 's a chance to get immersed in a local community , to be an archaeologist of the present . Who needs potshards when you can pick up a piece of North Carolina Pisgah Forest Pottery circa 1940 -- just a few hours ' drive from where it was made ? Fortunately , secondhand markets have never been more varied -- or more vibrant . A new wave of urban fleas has taken off in Seattle , Chicago , Brooklyn , and beyond , bringing together old-fashioned junk-shoppers and a slew of budding entrepreneurs , artists , and chefs , who benefit from the real-time , in-the-flesh market research  small-batch raspberry-and-green-peppercorn soda , anyone ?  . Read on for our favorites , along with tips to get the most out of your market day . T+L Insider Video : Outdoor markets Rose Bowl Flea Market , Pasadena , California All you need to know about visiting this iconic celebrity magnet east of L.A. can be summed up in seven words : Arrive at eight .  It 's only $ 2 more than the general admission that begins at 9 a.m.  Wear sunblock .  This is southern California , after all .  Turn left . That 's where you 'll find the market 's antiques booths and , beyond them , just over the two small footbridges , lower-priced odds and ends and 600 vendors of vintage clothing ; denim and dresses are a particular strength . If we may suggest six more words for your consideration : Make-your-own-Bloody-Mary bar  in the food court  . Tip : Skip the areas within the stadium and to the north and east -- unless you 're in the market for as-seen-on-TV gizmos and other new merchandise . Brimfield Antique Shows , Massachusetts The three annual Brimfield Antique Shows have grown to encompass more than 20 individual shows  known as fields  , each with hundreds of vendors lined up along a one-mile stretch of Route 20  get a field-by-field breakdown at brimfieldshow.com  . Many take the same spots season after season , and repeat visits make the experience less overwhelming . For a taste of the original , browse the old wooden trunks , braided rugs , and Depression glass at J&J Promotions , run by the daughters of Brimfield founder Gordon Reid and held on the same field where Reid staged the first event back in 1959 . Tip : The Tatnuck Postal & Business Center at Brimfield Acres North  413-427-0311  offers UPS and FedEx shipping services for purchases you ca n't fit into your suitcase . Canton First Monday Trade Days , Texas Few American flea markets can measure up to Canton in terms of history : residents of this small town an hour east of Dallas have been hauling their goods here to trade since 1850 , when everything from hunting dogs to hand tools was bartered outside the courthouse during the circuit judge 's monthly visit . Today , the market covers more than 100 acres of land a few blocks from the original courthouse square location . The merchandise is more varied than ever , with vintage cowboy boots , handcrafted leather saddles , antique silver , 19th-century flow blue pottery , and homemade hot sauce among the 6,000-plus regular stalls . Tip : Target the Civic Center building for antiques and collectibles at least 20 years old , plus air-conditioning and restrooms . T+L : The world 's coolest bazaars Springfield Antique Show & Flea Market , Ohio Even a gold standard like Springfield -- which draws more than 20,000 shoppers , including designers and collectors from as far away as Japan -- sees fit to up the ante once in a while . In 2012 , it has rounded out its dealers of 19th-century midwestern antiques and 45 food vendors  Crazy Uncle Larry 's one-pound pork chops !  with live music , beer and wine stands , and a tented Vintage Marketplace dedicated to more trend-driven clothing , accessories , and housewares . The same exit of Interstate 70 leads to two more outstanding places to shop : AAA I-70 Antique Mall and Springfield Antique Center . Tip : Pick up a program at the main gates to help navigate the booths of this 130-acre fairground arranged like a wagon wheel , with spokes radiating out from a central point . Scott Antique Markets , Atlanta , Georgia An interior decorator 's dream , and a regular resource for the likes of Top Design alum Eddie Ross , Atlanta 's monthly 3,300-booth Scott Antique Markets provides consistent conditions  two climate-controlled exhibition centers with shuttle bus transportation  , and predictable pricing  not quite garage-sale cheap , but less expensive than some more-famous markets  . You 're almost guaranteed to find heirloom-quality oil paintings , French armoires , and upholstered furniture in the mix . Note : this is not the place to come for makeover projects ; most everything for sale is already rehabbed and ready to go . Tip : Print a coupon from the sale 's website for $ 1 off your admission . T+L : World 's coolest museum gift shops Chicago Antique Market , Illinois Industrial artifacts , funky lighting , Midcentury Modern furniture , and artwork by alums of Chicago 's School of the Art Institute  Koons , O'Keeffe  are standouts at this highly curated monthly event . Themed weekends might highlight a season  July 's sunglass shop and manicure station  or a holiday  February 's love-letter-writing desk and displays of couture and jewelry  . On-site services include antique appraisals , lamp repair , and furniture restoration , as well as crystal and porcelain refurbishing . Delivery of furniture more than $ 200 in value is free in the downtown area . Tip : Your $ 10 admission comes with a $ 5 refund voucher for use toward a purchase of an item worth at least $ 25 at most vendor booths . Just ask . Alameda Point Antiques Faire , California With its unmatched user-friendliness  free shuttles from the rear parking lot , shopping carts , an all-marble bathroom in the new Auction Annex  , it 's no wonder this 800-vendor sale has been a northern California favorite for 15 years . But even stripped of those creature comforts , the 13,000 regular shoppers would still turn out for the impeccably art-directed displays of antique French furniture , Bakelite serving trays , and metal sign letters -- plus views of the San Francisco skyline just across the bay . Tip : Head to the back of the market for better deals . That 's where the newbies and latecomers , who tend to have lower prices than the pros , are assigned to set up . T+L : America 's best fall color drives Brooklyn Flea , New York Consider it the moveable flea . In high season  April through Thanksgiving  , 150 vintage/antique/artisan booths set up outdoors in the Brooklyn neighborhoods of Fort Greene  Saturdays  and Williamsburg  Sundays  . Come winter , they head inside the former Williamsburgh Savings Bank , a 1929 wonder with vaulted ceilings , gold-leaf mosaics , and marble floors . Expect vintage maps , retooled bicycles , and retired classroom furniture , along with handmade geometric jewelry , architectural salvage , and troves of used designer handbags . It 's a scene , to be sure , but also a great place to get inspiration for your next apartment  or wardrobe  makeover -- and perhaps discover an untapped appreciation for kimchi-topped hot dogs . The related market Smorgasburg focuses entirely on such creative street food . Tip : Buyers here tend to be savvy -- and have overlapping tastes -- so do n't walk away from an item you have your eye on ; it likely wo n't be there when you return . Raleigh Flea Market , North Carolina An anything-goes state fair spirit runs through Raleigh 's weekly flea market , held on , yes , the fairgrounds every Saturday and Sunday -- except in October , when the actual state fair is in full swing . A thousand vendors spread out between six buildings and several acres of fields and lots , hawking used books , bluegrass albums , North Carolina pottery , batteries , and barbecued pork . Throw in family-friendly extras  face-painting booths  and access to other events  a handbell festival , say , or a model train expo  , and you 've got plenty of diversions for the 2.4 million shoppers the event draws annually . Tip : Weather in Raleigh is fairly mild year-round , and since much of the market is indoors anyway , there 's no reason not to dig for deals in , say , January . Portland Expo Antique and Collectible Show , Oregon Although all the items at Portland 's thrice-annual antiquing event must be at least 30 years old , this 1,100-vendor bazaar is anything but stuck in the past . Proof : while it 's always been a mother lode for old-school toys , nostalgic knickknacks , and Americana of all kinds , over the last few years , the event 's savvy organizers have begun catering to a new , younger audience , adding in more of what 's selling now  Victoriana , vintage hats , '40s and '50s kitchenware  . Tip : Take advantage of Portland 's public transportation . The light rail 's Yellow Line will get you from downtown to the Expo Center MAX Station in about half an hour . See more at Travel + Leisure Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Antique treasure-hunting draws shoppers from around the world to American flea markets Traders and merchants have been swapping goods in Canton , Texas , since 1850 Springfield Antique Show & Flea Market in Ohio draws more than 20,000 shoppers
CNN  -- A 4-year-old U.S. citizen who was unable to enter the country this month because of a possible communications mix-up is expected to attempt the journey again on Wednesday , according to her lawyer . "  It 's a grave injustice that she has been separated from her parents for so long and we 're here to rectify that situation , " said lawyer David Sperling , in Guatemala City , Guatemala . Emily Ruiz , the daughter of Guatemalan immigrants living in New York without documentation , had spent five months recuperating from asthma while visiting with her grandparents in Guatemala , Sperling said . When her grandfather accompanied her on a flight back to the United States on March 11 , he was stopped by a customs official at Dulles International Airport in suburban Virginia for an immigration violation dating back some 20 years , the lawyer said . He was denied entry into the United States , and that placed Emily in the middle of an immigration quagmire . According to her family , immigration officials gave her parents two options : Emily could be sent to Guatemala with her grandfather , or she could be turned over to state custody . She returned to Central America . "  She was basically deported to Guatemala , not in the legal sense , but effectively this is what happened , " Sperling said . "  We 're not here to criticize the government ; really , we do not know who is responsible for this . " U.S. Customs and Border Protection said last week that they offered to have the parents pick Emily up . "  CBP strives to reunite U.S. citizen children with their parents . If the parents choose not to take custody of their children , CBP works with other agencies to ensure the children 's safety and well being , up to and including releasing them into the custody of other relatives , " spokesman Lloyd M. Sterling said . "  In this case , the parents were offered to pick up the child , but elected to have her returned to Guatemala with her grandfather . " Officials say they gave Emily 's father the opportunity to pick her up , because she is a U.S. citizen . The father , who speaks limited English , said he did not understand if that was indeed offered . CNN 's Adriana Hauser contributed to this report	She will try to return to the United States on Wednesday , her lawyer said Emily Ruiz , 4 , a U.S. citizen , was stopped at an airport She was traveling with her Guatemalan grandfather , who was denied entry
CNN  -- A suspicious piece of luggage that was about to be loaded onto a flight in Namibia was a "  test device " from a U.S. company that sells products designed to test security , German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said in a news conference Friday in Hamburg , Germany . Namibian police on Friday warned that whoever is responsible for planting the device among the luggage of an Air Berlin flight Wednesday would be severely dealt with , warning that Namibia was not to be used as an unauthorized testing ground for aviation security . "  The preliminary investigations have revealed that the suspicious parcel does not contain any explosive substances ; however , it is an explosive simulation training device , manufactured by an American-based company , ` Larry Copello Incorporated , ' " Lt. Gen. Sebastian Ndeitunga , Namibia 's top policeman , told reporters Friday at a news conference in Windhoek , the capital . The device is a training aid to help screeners identify explosive devices , Larry Copello , founder and CEO of Larry Copello , Inc. , told CNN Friday . Copello described the device as "  non-hazardous ... not a threat to anyone . " Copello said his company sells such devices to law enforcement agencies , governments and corporate clients , but did not know to whom this particular device was sold . He learned of the Namibia incident on Thursday when the FBI called him . He said he is cooperating with the investigation . An official with the U.S. Transportation Security Administration said Friday that they are working with German and Namibian authorities to determine the origin of the device and the reason it was to be transported on the plane . "  We applaud the vigilance of the aviation security authorities who discovered the device and took quick action to ensure that it did not pose a threat to the aircraft and passengers , " the TSA official told CNN . A U.S. official said Friday that there does n't seem to be any connection with any U.S. government entity . The discovery of the bag at Windhoek Hosea Kutako International Airport in Namibia delayed flight 7377 to Munich , Germany , on Wednesday and raised security concerns , a spokeswoman for the airline , Air Berlin , said Thursday . De Maiziere said he believed the device was from a U.S.-based company , but did not know which company . He said no one was warned in advance about the test device . The bag contained a functioning electronic clock with wiring attached , but no explosives . "  Air Berlin has confirmed that there was no explosive material in the laptop bag found in Namibia , " Sabina Teller , a spokeswoman for Air Berlin , told CNN . "  The luggage was found in the airport , at no point was on the plane . It had no luggage label , so it was impossible to know where it was going , which company it was supposed to fly with or who it belonged to , " she said De Maiziere said authorities are investigating the bag 's origin and its intended destination . After the bag was discovered , the flight 's 296 passengers and all bags were given additional security checks . The plane later landed safely in Munich after a six - or seven-hour delay , Air Berlin spokeswoman Silke Manitz said . Germany raised its threat level Wednesday , saying concrete evidence had emerged of a possible attack planned in Germany later this month . It said there was evidence of persistent efforts by Islamists to launch an attack . A senior German counterterrorism source told CNN on Thursday that the German Interior Ministry warning was linked to recent threats to the country from al Qaeda in Pakistan . Interior Minister de Maiziere addressed the threat level Friday by reiterating that people should go about their lives as usual . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro in London ; Ben Brumfield in Atlanta , Georgia ; Diana Magnay in Hamburg , Germany ; John Grobler in Namibia ; Nkepile Mabuse in Johannesburg , South Africa ; and Jeanne Meserve in Washington contributed to this report .	Manufacturer says device was not hazardous ` Training device ' that delayed German flight was from a U.S. company , police say Namibian police say responsible party will be punished
Shanghai  CNN  -- Kungfu Komedy Club looks much like any other back room in a Shanghai bar . But at show time , the Chinese mainland 's first and only full-time stand-up comedy club becomes a carefully-honed weapon of mass hilarity directed at the audience of locals , expats and tourists that frequently packs the room . The club is at the epicenter of a thriving stand-up scene that a few years ago did not exist in the city , and that ultimately could bring stand-up comedy -- an artform virtually unknown in China -- to the masses . Kungfu Komedy started in February 2011 when a small group of enthusiastic novices put on a show in the corner of a dive bar . The group 's Australian founder , Andy Curtain , is the first to admit it was "  as bad as you 'd expect . " They spent the next year honing their craft . Towards the end of 2012 a downtown sports bar offered them permanent use of a room . The Chinese mainland had its first full-time comedy club . The group holds three open mics a week -- two in English , one in Chinese -- plus weekend showcases , and also brings in professionals from across the world . In its wake , other open mics have sprung up , giving comedians -- both locals and expats -- stage time in which to develop . Deadpan delivery Leia Luo is a local Shanghai comedian who performs in English , sharing her surreal musings with a mesmerizingly deadpan delivery . "  Doing stand-up comedy helps me , a very introverted person , express my weird thoughts , " she says . "  When I 'm telling a joke , I 'm not really trying to be funny , I 'm trying to express ideas that the audience might find amusing . " The candid self-expression of stand-up is one of the aspects that appeals to the younger generation in China , according to the founders of Kungfu Komedy 's Chinese-language counterpart , Xiaodao Wenhua . Wang Yan and Li Daisong were inspired by the success Kungfu Komedy was having with English-language stand-up . But with stand-up a virtually unknown concept in China , they marketed their first few shows as networking events . "  We said let 's have a party , and we can tell jokes , " says Wang . "  This way we did n't have to explain what stand-up was . Then , step by step , we introduced the concept , linking it to similar concepts in traditional Chinese comedy . " The approached worked . Xiaodao Wenhua now puts on monthly theater shows that attract between 800 and 1,000 people . It has around 14 regular comedians , and holds workshops to train others . While stand-up is a tough sell to the older generation , who were brought up in a culture "  based on wanting people to be the same , " Li says there is a thirst for it among younger people . "  We really feel like we 're helping a generation by giving them an outlet so they can do new things and be themselves . Many people are making money , but they are not happy . Everyone has this hidden side to them , " he says . Alien art form ? Los Angeles-based comic Butch Bradley was the first international headliner Kungfu Komedy brought to the city in 2012 . In September 2013 he returned for a 10-month residency at the club . Bradley was particularly impressed by the young Chinese comedians he saw performing an art form alien to their culture , and in their second language . "  The Chinese youth are the coolest , " he says . "  Local comedians like Storm Xu , Alana Fu and Leia Luo get up and talk about their feelings , and audiences that were 10 % Chinese go up to 35 % Chinese . The next great frontier for comedy is China , and the heart will be Shanghai , " says Bradley . Curtain agrees that seeing Chinese comics emerge is the most exciting thing about his role , and that Chinese rather than expats are the club 's ultimate target audience . "  There are more and more ` haigui ' -- Chinese who were educated overseas -- returning to China . They really want to see stand-up , " he says . In the meantime , Shanghai is getting a name for itself on the international comedy circuit . Big names to have visited include Tom Rhodes , Ari Shaffir and Wil Sylvince . Curtain says they get emails every week from established comedians looking to come out , and that they turn down a lot more people than they accept . Later this year , U.S. comic Joe Klocek will start a two-month residency , while Kungfu Komedy will move to a larger floor of its host bar , expanding its capacity to some 150 seats . There are also plans to set up comedy rooms across the country so comics can regularly tour more out-of-the-way spots . Restrictions For aspiring comics , it 's a great time to be in Shanghai . One of the founding members of Kungfu Komedy , Audrey Murray , now splits her time between Shanghai and New York , where she hosts the Greenpoint Comedy Night at Word Bookstore . She says when she sees comedians who are just starting out in New York , she wants to tell them to move to Shanghai . "  Although there are fewer opportunities to get on stage in Shanghai , the quality of the stage time for those starting out is incomparable , " she says . "  It 's easier to stick with it , because the good sets will far outnumber the bad . You also get to do longer sets . " But can stand-up -- the art form of agitators such as Lenny Bruce and George Carlin -- flourish in China as anything other than a neutered imitation ? Curtain says they have a good idea of what 's not allowed . "  It 's kind of like living in China -- once you know what the rules are , you 're pretty much free to do anything else , " he says . "  The restriction the government places on us is no greater than the restriction the audience places on us . " For Butch Bradley , the restrictions are part of what makes things interesting . "  China is changing and opening up , and Shanghai is the perfect place for the experiment . They are saying ` do n't think for a moment we are n't watching , but go ahead , we want to check this out . ' "	Stand-up comedy is an art form virtually unknown in China But Shanghai comedy club hopes to bring stand-up to the masses City now home to several open mic nights a week in both Chinese and English Stand-up is a tough sell to older generation ; younger people more open
NEW YORK  CNN  -- It is one of the most notorious cold cases in recent memory . A 6-year-old girl , a child of beauty and privilege , was found dead in the basement of her home in Boulder , Colorado , on the day after Christmas 1996 . The strangulation of JonBenet Ramsey is also among the coldest of cases . Twelve years have passed , and again it is Christmastime , the season of JonBenet 's death . The investigation has taken many heartbreaking twists and turns , including a false confession and baseless suspicions cast for a time on the child 's parents . After years of false starts , there are no solid leads . For many , the images of this tragic story are indelible : A doll-like child smiling flirtatiously at the camera in flamboyant costumes , heavy makeup and grown-up hairstyles parading on a beauty pageant stage . A tiny , lifeless body , dressed in long johns , found on the basement floor by her father . Watch how this case touched nearly everyone " Just this past July , John and Patsy Ramsey were exonerated by police of having any role in their daughter 's death . Patsy Ramsey died of cancer in June 2006 . FBI lab results confirmed that a man , yet to be identified , touched JonBenet 's long underwear . This so-called touch DNA also was found in JonBenet 's underpants , mixed with the child 's blood . Police believe the DNA belongs to the killer . They just do n't know who he is . They are waiting for a match . From the beginning , police focused their attention on Patsy Ramsey , placing the entire family under what authorities later would admit was a cloud of suspicion . The investigators ' working theory was that JonBenet 's mother may have struck her in anger as punishment for bed-wetting , causing the little girl 's death on Christmas night . Investigators theorized that a strangulation was then staged to direct suspicion toward an intruder or sexual predator . Patsy Ramsey told police she awoke early December 26 and found a two-page , handwritten ransom note on a back staircase . It said JonBenet had been kidnapped by a "  small foreign faction " and that she 'd be executed if the Ramseys did not pay a $ 118,000 ransom . The Ramseys checked JonBenet 's room , discovered she was missing and immediately called 911 . When police arrived , they suggested that John Ramsey and a family friend , Fleet White , search the house . Shortly afterward , Ramsey and White found JonBenet 's body in a wine cellar in the basement . The child 's body was wrapped in a blanket , with duct tape across her mouth and white cord wrapped around her neck and wrists . An autopsy showed the child had eaten pineapple shortly before she died . She 'd been sexually assaulted , strangled by the cord and struck on the head . Crime scene photos show two small burn-type injuries on JonBenet 's head . Private investigators Ollie Gray and John San Augustin , working as consultants on the case , said the burns are consistent with marks made with a "  stun gun . " Investigators also concluded that the paper the ransom note was written on came from a notepad in the Ramsey home , as did the broken paintbrush handle used to form the garrote . However , the sources for the cord and duct tape were not found anywhere in the home . Other nagging clues include an open basement window near where the child 's body was found . A suitcase stood directly below the window , and appeared to have been used as a step . There was a scuff mark on the wall beneath the window . A footprint of a Hi-Tec hiking boot was found in the dust in the wine cellar and can not be connected to anyone in the Ramsey family or their friends . Police say they were initially suspicious of the Ramseys because there were no footprints in the snow outside the house . Lou Smits , a lead police investigator on the case , resigned because , he said , the investigation "  was misdirected and had developed tunnel vision , only focusing on the Ramseys as suspects and not following alternative leads . " The contradictory facts have caused problems in the case . Many experts have said they believe Boulder police botched the investigation by failing to preserve the crime scene properly . When , for example , police arrived and directed John Ramsey to search his own home , Ramsey not only found his dead daughter but also picked her up and brought her upstairs , disturbing the crime scene . Police investigators , friends and family were allowed to walk in and out of the house freely , again contaminating evidence that could have been gathered . The District Attorney 's Office has taken over the investigation , said spokeswoman Caroline French . "  This case is still an open and active investigation , " French said . Prosecutors seek tips and ask anyone with information that could lead to the arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible for JonBenet Ramsey 's death to call 303-441-1636 .	False suspicions , unsecured crime scene plague investigation from start Ramsey family spends years under "  cloud of suspicion " New touch DNA test cleared all family members earlier this year Anyone with information is asked to call 303-441-1636
CNN  -- The Republican presidential primary has n't exactly overflowed with talent . In December , it was a roll call of the undesirable Right : Romney , Santorum , Gingrich , Paul , Perry , Huntsman and Bachmann -- a list so long and bizarre that Count Dracula could have slipped in on the end and no one would have noticed . Except , as the citizens of Chicago will tell you , the dead always vote Democrat . Now , we 're down to a final three , discounting Ron Paul , who , I 'm guessing , is only staying in the race to collect air miles . Although the talent pool has shrunk , it has gotten no deeper . As Mitt Romney suffers defeat after defeat at the hands of Rick Santorum , whose chances of winning this thing are n't high , his negatives mount up , and the president looks stronger by the day . The Republican Party is divided and in danger of becoming out of touch . It did n't have to be this way . If Sarah Palin had entered the contest , I 'd hypothesize two alternative realities . One , she 'd have the nomination sewn up by now . Two , she 'd be running even in the polls with the president . What have proved to be problems for the top three candidates would n't have been problems for Palin . For starters , she has none of Newt Gingrich 's intellectual hubris . There 's no way Palin would have promised to put a mine on the moon or suggest arresting judges who make decisions that are too liberal . Her conservatism is far more domestic and down-to-Earth . She 's also more disciplined than Santorum . Although we 'll probably be talking about them into the next century , Palin 's only two serious public gaffes in 2008 happened when she was unable to name a newspaper and was stumped by the Bush doctrine , both slips a product of ignorance . Santorum , on the other hand , is guilty of knowing his own mind all too well , offering unwelcome opinions on everything from the evils of hard-core pornography to the racial politics of the Trayvon Martin tragedy . Compare the response Palin gave to questions about her attitude toward evolution -- "  I think it should be taught as an accepted principle , and I say that also as the daughter of a schoolteacher " -- with Santorum 's claim that Satan ... has attacked America . It 's Palin who seems to have a better sense of the limited role that faith should play in politics and a better idea of when to keep her mouth shut . Moreover , she would never tell a journalist that he was talking "  bull *** t , " even if she did congratulate Rick Santorum for doing so . Contrary to the media narrative , even at her most accident-prone , Palin has always been a classy , well-choreographed performer . Lacking the foibles of Gingrich and Santorum , Palin would have been a far more effective anti-Romney candidate because her strengths accentuated Romney 's weaknesses . Romney is known as the Etch A Sketch candidate ; Palin is aggressively authentic . Romney is seen by many as a moneyed elitist ; Palin is the conservative class warrior , happy to slam the "  crony capitalism " that benefits both big labor and big business . Romney 's limitations have been revealed , one by one , in the course of the primary campaign ; Palin was well-vetted by the press in 2008 and has nothing left to say or do that would surprise us . Love her or loathe her , we all know who Palin is . Her weaknesses , being old news , would n't have dominated the primary narrative like Bain Capital or Seamus the dog , made famous by his terrifying ride atop Romney 's car . Palin would have spent the past three months attacking her opponents . Then she would have turned her guns on the president . While it 's reasonable to speculate that Palin could have gathered a much stronger anti-Mitt coalition earlier -- and broken out as the GOP front-runner sooner -- it 's probably a bigger stretch to say that she would be running stronger against Obama right now . The last national polling done on a hypothetical Palin candidacy was in September , and that showed the president beating her by double digits . Daily Kos did the math and gleefully calculated that Palin would win just seven states in November , and even Mississippi would be a tossup . But those polls asked the public what they thought of a candidate who had n't declared , who was n't representing herself in the debates and who was still solely defined by the 2008 race . Guesstimating how well she would have done had she entered the 2012 contest is tough , but considering that at least some polls show both Romney and Santorum within a few points of Obama despite all their problems , it 's not unreasonable to presume that Palin would run just as well . Subtract Santorum 's gaffes or Romney 's elitism , and she might even do a little better . Polls suggest that many voters agree with Romney 's approach to the economy but think he lacks empathy for the struggles facing the middle-class . Were she in the race , you can bet your bottom dollar that Palin would n't score so low on compassion and authenticity . Most important , Palin has the character and reputation necessary to break out of the Republican Party 's demographic prison . In matchups with Obama , Romney 's core vote is financially comfortable seniors . He pulls even among all men and folks aged 35-54 . The Republicans desperately need a candidate who can appeal to lower-income voters , who can rally men , who can gain women 's votes , who can bring out conservatives in large numbers and who can appeal to a younger demographic . All these things happened in the 2010 midterms , when the GOP made inroads into blue-collar households and middle-class suburbs on a policy platform virtually embodied by the Alaskan maverick . The GOP needs a Tea Party candidate -- either Sarah Palin or someone very like her . Alas , it 's going to have to wait until 2016 to get its rogue . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Tim Stanley : If Sarah Palin were running , she would have the nomination in the bag by now He says she lacks problems like Gingrich 's hubris , Romney 's elitism , Santorum 's extremism Stanley : Palin could rally male and female vote , young people , conservatives in large numbers It 's too late , Stanley writes ; the GOP will have to wait till 2016 to get its maverick
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama said Friday he spoke with the police officer who arrested a Harvard professor and told the officer he did not mean to malign the Cambridge Police Department when he said police acted stupidly . President Obama on Friday explains to reporters the details of a phone conservation with Sgt. James Crowley . The president acknowledged that his words "  helped to contribute to ratcheting " up the situation when he criticized the manner in which Sgt. James Crowley arrested professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. . "  I unfortunately gave an impression that I was maligning the Cambridge Police Department or Sgt. Crowley specifically , " Obama told reporters . "  I could have calibrated those words differently , and I told this to Sgt. Crowley . " Watch Obama describe talk " Obama spoke about two hours after police unions in Massachusetts called on him to apologize . He did not apologize for his remark but repeated that he believed his choice of words was unfortunate . He reiterated his assertion that he believes police overreacted , but said Gates "  probably overreacted as well . " "  My sense is you have got two good people in a circumstance in which neither of them were able to resolve the incident in the way that it should have been resolved , " he said . Obama also spoke briefly with the arrested professor , Henry Louis Gates Jr. , who is a friend of the president , the White House reported . He and Gates had a "  positive discussion " about his call to Crowley on Friday afternoon , the White House said . Obama also invited Gates "  to join him with Sgt. Crowley at the White House in the near future . " In an e-mail Friday to CNN 's Don Lemon , Gates wrote , "  I was very pleased that the president called me today , and I was pleased that he proposed that I meet with Sgt. Crowley at the White House , since I had offered to meet with him since last Monday . "  I am eager for this to be used as a teaching moment to improve racial relations in America , " said the e-mail . "  This is certainly not about me . " His attorney , Charles Ogletree , told Lemon that he applauds Obama 's intervention and "  I look forward to working this out with all parties amicably . " Asked if he plans to file suit , Ogletree said , "  It depends on the response from everyone involved as to how we 'll proceed . " Earlier Friday , police unions said Obama should apologize to members of the Cambridge Police Department for saying they acted stupidly , the president of a city police union said . Watch African-American colleagues defend Crowley " Dennis O'Connor , president of the Cambridge Police Superior Officers Association , also took aim at Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick , who reportedly has characterized the arrest as "  every black man 's nightmare and a reality for many black men . " Echoing the words of Crowley , O'Connor said he was dismayed that the president and governor would opine on the issue without all the details . "  It 's noteworthy that both qualified their statements by saying they did not have all the facts , " O'Connor said as members of his and another police union stood behind him . "  Usually , when one hears those words , one would expect the next words to be ` so I can not comment . ' Instead , both officials , both admitted friends of professor Gates , proceeded to insult the handling of this case . " He further said Cambridge police resent the implication they allowed race to dictate their actions in the situation . "  We hope that -LSB- Obama and Patrick -RSB- will reflect upon their past comments and apologize to the men and women of the Cambridge Police Department , " O'Connor said . Steve Killian , president of the Cambridge Police Patrol Officers Association , also called on Obama to apologize to "  all law enforcement personnel throughout the entire country that took offense to this . " Crowley previously said Obama had offended police in Cambridge and elsewhere . "  I was a little surprised and disappointed that the president , who did n't have all of the facts by his own admission , then weighed in on the events of that night and made a comment that really offended not just officers in the Cambridge Police Department but officers around the country , " Crowley told CNN affiliate WHDH-TV in Boston . Obama said earlier he was "  surprised by the controversy surrounding " his comments . "  I think it was a pretty straightforward commentary that you probably do n't need to handcuff a guy , a middle-aged man who uses a cane , who 's in his own home , " Obama told ABC 's "  Nightline . " Watch Crowley 's boss defend the arrest " When Obama waded into the story by answering a question about it during his news conference Wednesday night , he admitted that he "  may be a little biased " because Gates is a friend . "  I do n't know all the facts , " he also conceded . He said he did not know what role race played , but "  the Cambridge police acted stupidly in arresting somebody when there was already proof that they were in their own home . " iReport.com : Arrest sparks debate But during his Friday remarks , Obama said he hoped the controversy surrounding Gates ' arrest provides Americans with "  a teachable moment " on how they can improve "  relations between police officers and minority communities . " Crowley , in the police report about the incident , said Gates refused to cooperate with him and repeatedly accusing him of racism when he went to Gates ' home following a report of a possible break-in July 16 . Crowley said he tried to determine whether there was someone else at the home and wanted to ensure Gates ' safety . Gates , however , told him "  that I had no idea who I was ` messing ' with " and was being so loud , the sergeant said , that he could not give pertinent information to the department when he was calling in . Authorities have said they may release tapes of the officer calling in , in which Gates is heard in the background Crowley 's report said that when he asked to speak with Gates outside , the professor at one point responded , "  I 'll speak with your mama outside . " Watch Crowley 's response " Gates ' attorney , Charles Ogletree , said the professor never made such a remark . The full story will show that Gates did nothing wrong -- and that Crowley did not identify himself at first , Ogletree said . Gates said Wednesday he would listen to Crowley "  if he would tell the truth about what he did , about the distortions that he fabricated in the police report . I would be prepared as a human being to forgive him . " Crowley has said he will not apologize . The police incident report states that Crowley twice provided his name to Gates , who subsequently asked for it two more times . Gates ultimately was arrested for disorderly conduct , but the department later dropped the charges . Cambridge police Commissioner Robert Haas said he "  deeply regrets " the arrest but stands by the procedures his department followed . "  I trust -LSB- Crowley 's -RSB- judgment implicitly . He is a stellar officer , " Haas said . Haas added the department is "  very proud about its diversity within this community and how hard we 've worked over the years to build a strong , solid relationship -LSB- between -RSB- the department and the community . " Haas said he agreed with Crowley about Obama 's remarks . "  I have to tell you the officers take that very personally and basically feel hurt by that comment . We truly are trying to do the best service we can to the community and sometimes we make mistakes . We 're human . But we learn from those mistakes and we move on , " he said . Black in America 2 : Does racial profiling still take place ? Numerous police officers , including African-Americans , have spoken up on Crowley 's behalf and portrayed him as a good and fair officer . Crowley , who is white , had once been chosen by a black police officer to teach a police academy course on ways to avoid racial profiling . Obama said he had heard of Crowley 's record , saying , "  I do n't know all the extenuating circumstances , and as I said , I respect what police officers do . From what I can tell , the sergeant who was involved is an outstanding police officer , but my suspicion is probably it would have been better if cooler heads prevailed . " Gates ' legal team argues that authorities are misrepresenting the professor and the officer , and Gates has said he is determined to keep the issue alive despite the charges being dropped . "  This is not about me ; this is about the vulnerability of black men in America , " he said this week . Ogletree said Gates may bring forward people who say they 've had similar experiences with Crowley . When asked for examples , Ogletree said only that they may come out in time depending on how the police department handles the situation moving forward . "  I think you will be hearing much more complex and different perspective on him -LSB- Crowley -RSB- in the coming days and weeks , " Ogletree said , alleging that Crowley "  is well-known among people , particularly young people , for some of his police practices . " Gates has no immediate plans to file a lawsuit against the department , the attorney said . Ogletree had said earlier Gates might sue the police . CNN 's Joe Johns and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	NEW : Gates eager for incident to be "  teaching moment " to improve racial relations President says he hopes incident provides "  a teachable moment " Attorney says professor has no immediate plans to sue Cambridge police Union asked Obama to apologize to "  all law enforcement personnel " offended
CNN  -- At least 53 people were killed and eight others injured in a reported grenade attack Thursday at a casino in Monterrey , Mexico , the capital of Nuevo Leon , Red Cross officials said . The incident occurred around 4 p.m. local time  5 p.m. ET  at the Casino Royale when two people aboard a vehicle arrived , and one threw three grenades into the building . There were conflicting unconfirmed reports from local media that the assailants poured gasoline on the building before setting it on fire . Between 20 and 30 people were trapped in the casino because of debris from the explosions , said Cmdr. Angel Flores with the Green Cross . Video from the scene showed a burned-out building as firefighters made rescue attempts to break the wall of the facade of the casino to release the smoke inside the building . Authorities had suspended rescue efforts Thursday night for fear that the building could collapse . Mexican President Felipe Calderon sent the following statement from his official Twitter account  translated from Spanish  : "  With deep consternation , I express my solidarity with Nuevo Leon and the victims of this abhorrent act of terror and barbarism . " He added more : "  These reprehensible acts require us all to persevere in the fight against gangs of unscrupulous criminals . All the support to NL  Nuevo Leon  . " About five families were outside the casino waiting for information from authorities , local journalist Javier Estrada reported . Gustavo Madrazo was one of those waiting outside the casino . He said his wife , Martha , and her sister , Miriam Gonzalez , were inside . Authorities have not identified any of the victims . So far , no representative for the company that manages the casino had arrived outside . The Mexican Army and state and municipal police forces were also on the scene . Alejandro Poire , Mexico 's top national security spokesman , said the federal government has made contact with local officials and that Calderon has spoken to the governor of Nuevo Leon to offer support . Poire said those who carried out the attacks will be held responsible . "  They will pay for their crimes . ... We will do absolutely everything ... to restore tranquility . " The National Commission on Human Rights in Mexico sent a news release saying it has opened an investigation regarding the response to the events at the casino . "  The priority is to help safeguard the human rights enshrined in the Constitution of the United Mexican States and international treaties . The commission again makes clear that the insecurity in the country requires public officials responsible for implementing and enforcing the law , carry out preventive actions to protect society and away from any violence . " "  The National Commission will monitor the actions taken by the competent authorities to respond adequately to the aggrieved persons . " The NHRC says it has also sent personnel to the scene including physicians , psychologists and lawyers to work jointly with authorities . Nuevo Leon , in northeastern Mexico , has seen several grenade attacks so far this year . On August 13 , four civilians were wounded when an armed group fired two grenades at a jail in the municipality of Apodaca . In July , gunmen entered a downtown bar in Monterrey and shot 20 people dead . A public safety spokesman told CNN the attack was likely sparked by a dispute between organized crime groups for control of the El Sabino Gordo nightclub , where drugs were allegedly sold . Nuevo Leon and the neighboring states of Coahuila and Tamaulipas have been the scene of a series of clashes between organized crime groups . The Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas are vying for control of trafficking routes into the United States . In November 2010 , the federal government launched the Coordinated Operation Northeast , which involves sending more security forces to the area to tackle crime . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report	NEW : Officials say the death toll in grenade attack is up to 53 President Felipe Calderon responds to attack via his Twitter account Grenade attack reported at a casino in Monterrey , in northeastern Mexico Up to 30 people thought trapped in the casino because of debris
CNN  -- At least one tornado ripped through northeast Texas Sunday evening , destroying homes , turning over vehicles and knocking train cars off tracks , local authorities said . A tornado struck Rice Texas at 5:30 p.m. , Navarro County Chief Deputy Mike Cox said . The twister destroyed three homes , damaged at least two more , turned over an 18-wheeler truck onto a passenger car and knocked cars from a freight train off their tracks , he said . It also caused extensive damage to Rice Elementary School . Four people were transported to the hospital with minor injuries , Cox said . In addition to "  significant damage " from a tornado moving through Navarro County , witnesses have also spotted possible tornados in other parts of northeast Texas , the National Weather Service said . Betty Montgomery of the Lone Oak Fire Department said callers had reported a debris cloud and structural damage to homes , but authorities had not confirmed whether a tornado had touched down . At least one home in Lone Oak was destroyed , Red Cross spokeswoman Anita Foster said . Joey Romero , 24 , said he and his girlfriend rode out the storm in the freezer of a Sonic restaurant at a service station in Rice . They were driving from Dallas to Houston when it started to hail , he said . "  We pulled over under some covering . Hail the size of golf balls started falling . Then , we saw hail the size of baseballs , " he said . Someone screamed when they saw the tornado forming behind Sonic , he said . The wind roared and the station lost power . "  The first few seconds it was all sort of surreal . I could n't really believe it was happening ... We all walked back in the freezer . It was cold in there and there was n't light and people were starting to cry , " he said . The hail shattered car windows , Romero said . The second-year medical student at University of Texas , Houston , said he helped treat injuries . A police officer told him a truck and a car had flipped over on the highway . After several hours inside Sonic , Romero was on the road back to Houston late Sunday . "  Even now , we can see the storm off to the east of us . The sky is pitch black , " he said . CNN 's Jacqui Jeras , Catherine E. Shoichet and Jessica Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : A tornado destroys homes and knocks train cars off their track "  Significant damage " is reported in Navarro County , Texas A witness says he saw a funnel form and rode out the storm in a restaurant freezer The National Weather Service says a high school was hit
New York  CNN  -- The family of Sarai Sierra , an amateur New York photographer recently killed during a vacation in Turkey , is selling her photographs online to help support her sons . The images went on sale Tuesday on a marketplace website called Instacanvas , and proceeds will go to her two sons , ages 9 and 11 , according to family friend Marjorie Ryan . The money was originally intended to pay for Sierra 's funeral services , but "  the funeral home has now agreed to take on the costs , " Ryan said . Sierra traveled alone to Istanbul on January 7 . She was reported missing after she did not arrive on a return flight January 22 . An estimated 9 million people travel to Istanbul each year . After a rigorous two-week search , Turkish police found her body near ancient stone walls in Istanbul 's Sarayburnu district on Saturday , the semi-official Anatolian Agency reported . Body of Missing N.Y. mother found in Turkey Police suspect that she was killed at another location . They told CNN 's sister network CNN Turk that the body of the 33-year-old Staten Island mother showed signs of stab wounds . But authorities said Sierra died from a blow to the head . Turkish police have detained a Turkish man with whom she had been in contact , identified only by the first name Taylan , according to CNN Turk . Authorities have also collected DNA samples from 21 people , including three foreigners . Her body has since been transferred to Istanbul 's Ataturk Airport for a Thursday departure to New York . The medical examiner 's office is expected to release the results of an autopsy in about three months . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Proceeds from photo sales will be used to support Sierra 's sons , family friend says Sierra traveled alone to Istanbul on January 7 , and her body was found Saturday An estimated 9 million people travel to Istanbul each year
CNN  -- MotoGP is in mourning following the tragic death of Japan 's teenage rider Shoya Tomizawa after an accident in the San Marino Moto2 Grand Prix on Sunday . Tomizawa came off his Suter bike on a bend and was struck by the following bikes of Italian Alex de Angelis and Briton Scott Redding -- an impact which saw the 19-year-old thrown down the circuit and into the gravel . Race organizers confirmed that Tomizawa had died in hospital from serious injuries to his skull , chest and abdomen . A statement read : "  Shoya Tomizawa suffered a serious crash and subsequent cranial , thoracic and abdominal trauma . "  He was taken to hospital in Riccione for immediate treatment but succumbed to his injuries . All the MotoGP family wants to express its deepest condolences to his family and friends . " Tomizawa 's death was the first in the sport since 24-year-old compatriot Daijiro Kato died in April 2003 at the Japanese MotoGP in Suzuka . Moto2 is the class below MotoGP and the main race followed before news of Tomizawa 's death had been confirmed . Honda rider Dani Pedrosa of Spain claimed victory , his fourth of the season and second in a row , after starting from pole position . Compatriot and world championship leader Jorge Lorenzo finished second and world champion Valentino Rossi was third . However , there was an understandably subdued podium ceremony when confirmation of Tomizawa 's death became known . "  It feels so strange , there is a big hole inside me . I was so happy and then I was told the news and this big hole opened up inside me , " the 24-year-old Pedrosa told BBC TV . Rossi , winner of the race for the past two seasons , was visibly moved to tears , saying : "  When it happens like this nothing else really matters . "	MotoGP is in mourning following the tragic death of Japan 's Shoya Tomizawa The 19-year-old died in an accident during the San Marino Moto2 GP on Sunday His death was the first in the sport since compatriot Daijiro Kato died in April 2003 The main MotoGP race was won by Spain 's Dani Pedropsa from Jorge Lorenzo in second
CNN  -- NASA 's Kepler space telescope has already made a discovery , and its science operations are n't even officially under way yet . The planet used in the test is a giant gas planet about the size of Jupiter that orbits a star called HAT P-7 . NASA scientists who put the telescope through a 10-day test after its March 6 launch said this week that Kepler is working well . Its ability to detect minute changes in light has enabled scientists to determine that a planet orbiting a distant star has an atmosphere , shows only one side to its sun and is so hot it glows . Kepler 's ability to take measurements that precise at such a great distance "  proves we can find Earth-size planets , " William Borucki , Kepler 's principal science investigator told reporters at a recent briefing . The powerful scope is looking at thousands of stars in its vision field in the Milky Way on a 3 1/2 - year mission to find planets the size of Earth and to determine how common these planets are . The planet used in the test , a giant gas planet about the size of Jupiter , orbits a star called HAT P-7 in just 2.2 days and is 26 times closer than Earth is to the sun , according to NASA . It is called an exoplanet because it orbits a star outside the solar system . Kepler detected the planet 's atmosphere , demonstrating the telescope 's capabilities and giving astronomers what NASA says is "  only a taste of things to come . " "  It learned that this planet is like 4,000 degrees Fahrenheit . That is so hot . And it 's 4,000 degrees Fahrenheit just on one side only . The other side would be closer to 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit , " said Sara Seager , a professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Kepler science team member . "  This particular planet showed an unusual change in brightness , " she said . "  As the planet is orbiting the star , it goes through phases just as the moon goes through phases as seen from Earth . " "  Kepler learned something new about an old planet , " she said . "  The new discovery was that planet is extremely hot , very , very hot . And it 's very , very hot on one side , compared to the other . " Borucki compared it to "  an element in your toaster or stove . "	Kepler orbiting observatory beginning mission to find planets the size of Earth It has found that a planet orbiting a distant star shows only one side to the star "  Kepler learned something new about an old planet , " says team member
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Viewer discretion advised . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Recently , VBS headed to Naples , the capital of the Campania region in southern Italy , to shoot two documentaries about the Camorra , the most powerful but least understood of the Italian crime cartels . One piece was about the peculiar world of the Camorra 's homegrown Neapolitan pop stars , known as Neomelodics . The other , excerpted here , focused on the environmental emergency brought on by the Camorra 's manipulation of garbage disposal in the region . Each proved to be a strange and infuriating experience . The daytime hours were spent visiting housing blocks where every family had reported at least one case of cancer because of illegal toxic waste dumps behind their homes . Our evenings , however , were spent at town square celebrations sponsored by the Camorra two blocks away and attended by the same families we had met earlier that day . The Camorra , it was suddenly clear , was dumping toxic waste in people 's backyards and then hosting Neomelodic pop concerts in their front yards . See the rest of Toxic : Napoli at VBS.TV Today , the Camorra 's Naples is Italy on steroids , and it 's the result of a marriage of convenience between two powerful Italian forces . Neapolitans we met were , on the one hand , fed up with the garbage situation . On the other , very few had any interest in pointing fingers at the Camorra . The Gerlando family is a prime example . On one of the last days of our shoot , we spent an afternoon with sheep farmers Patrizia and Mario Gerlando at their home in the Campanian countryside . The Gerlandos were forced to leave their home in the town of Acerra  a suburb of Naples  because all of their sheep were mutating and dying due to the high levels of dioxin in the pastures where they grazed . Despite Acerra being the most well-documented case of the Camorra 's involvement in Campania 's environmental crisis , after the cameras were packed away , Mario and Patrizia told us that the Camorra had nothing to do with anything and that it would take someone like Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to come fix the situation .	VBS finds documenting powerful Italian crime cartel "  strange , infuriating " Cartel 's control of garbage disposal has resulted in environmental crisis Mutated animals , high cancer rate among consequences of years of pollution
TROUTVILLE , Virginia  CNN  -- For the past year , Donna Chamberlain has worked at a fuel center here in Virginia 's Roanoke Valley . It pays roughly half of what her old job did , but after being out of work for 14 months , she feels lucky to have it . Wachovia , which distributes the debit cards , would not comment on how much it receives for their use . Adding to her concerns , she and her husband , Steve , are now the custodial parents of their 7-year-old special-needs grandson , Cayden . The family needs every penny it can collect . So when state officials replaced the roughly $ 40-a-week child support check with a debit card , Donna read the fine print -- and left it on the table . "  It was automatically generated , and had my name on it , " she told CNN . "  This thing had 10 fees . " Watch Chamberlain discuss the hidden fees Virginia is one of two dozen states that use debit cards as one means of distributing child support payments , a move that allows them to reduce the amount of money spent issuing and mailing checks . But the fees attached to the debit cards can accumulate quickly : 50 cents to make a telephone balance inquiry ; 65 cents to make an ATM withdrawal after two free withdrawals are taken ; and $ 2.75 if the card is used at an out-of-network bank . Chamberlain found one charge particularly galling . North Carolina-based banking giant Wachovia , which distributes the funds on Virginia 's behalf , said it would deduct $ 2.50 from her account for more than one face-to-face visit at one of its banks . "  If you should go to the bank teller window , you get to go once a month , " she said . "  But if you want to talk to anybody about your money more than once a month , it 's going to cost us $ 2.50 to walk in the door of the bank . " Wachovia would not comment on how much it receives from the program , and referred CNN to Virginia state officials . But with an increasing number of states turning to debit cards to distribute money for programs such as child support , the fees attached to those cards are drawing criticism from consumer advocates . "  These cards can come with hidden fees , subject to identify theft and unauthorized charges , " said Lauren Saunders , an attorney with the National Consumer Law Center in Washington . "  And , unlike a credit card , you do n't get a regular statement , so you ca n't check on these charges . Some of them have gotchas like overdraft fees that are added on . So , there 's dangers , and if these cards are structured unfairly , they can be a problem . " Many recipients are n't aware of the fees , even though they are usually sent a list of the charges along with a new debit card , Saunders said . Virginia allows child support recipients to receive payment via debit card , direct deposit or check . But it has been pushing the use of debit cards since 2006 , said Nick Young , the head of Virginia 's Department of Social Services . In 2008 , approximately $ 279 million in child support payments were distributed via the Wachovia debit cards . Young told CNN that he had no idea how much money Wachovia made from debit card fees , but said most of them could be avoided with "  wise " use of the cards . "  I will admit that if somebody takes their $ 300 out , $ 10 at a time , they will in essence defeat the purpose of the card , " he told CNN . "  And they will suffer . " In 2008 , about 52 percent of child support recipients used direct deposit , Young said . A little more than 41 percent chose debit cards . Only 1,877 people chose to get money by check last year in the state , he said . Virginia also uses debit cards to distribute state retiree payments , and it is one of 30 states to use them to pay unemployment benefits , according to the U.S. Department of Labor . In a CNN report on the practice earlier this month , the Labor Department said debit cards are safer and more secure than checks , allow the unemployed to avoid check-cashing fees and frees them from keeping excess cash around . In Pennsylvania , divorce attorney Susan E. Murray advises clients in her state to turn down the debit cards for child support . "  They will nickel-and-dime you to death , " she said . "  If someone is getting $ 200 a month in child support , the fees really start cutting into their money . " The program is "  horrible " for families , she said . "  It 's a win for the state , it 's a win for the bank , but the kids lose . Children are the losers under this program . It 's unconscionable . " Back in Virginia , Chamberlain 's debit card is still stuck to the letter the state sent to her home . She 'll stick with a check , thank you .	Virginia is one of two dozen states that use debit cards to distribute child support Fees include 50 cents for telephone balance inquiry , $ 2.75 at out-of-network bank Lawyer advises against using debit cards : "  They will nickel-and-dime you to death " Child-support recipients in Virginia can choose debit cards , direct deposit or checks
Beijing  CNN  Chinese-style air rage is now served both hot and cold . Last month , a China-bound Thai AirAsia flight was forced to return to Bangkok after a female Chinese passenger threw hot water on a flight attendant amid a heated argument between her boyfriend and the cabin crew over service . On Saturday , passengers on a plane departing Kunming Changshui International Airport in southwestern China , angry with the crew for turning off the air-conditioning during the de-icing process , opened three emergency exits just as their plane was pushing back from the gate . The flight was canceled and 25 passengers onboard were detained . China Eastern Airlines flight MU2036 , bound for Beijing , was already seven hours behind schedule at 3:45 a.m. when crew began to de-ice the plane at the Kunming airport , which saw more than 100 flights delayed or canceled that night because of snowy weather . Frustrated by the lengthy delay , some of the 153 passengers -- who had been sitting on the plane for two hours -- exploded with rage when the air-conditioning stopped and an elderly passenger complained about discomfort due to the stuffy cabin , airport police told state media Saturday night . Dissatisfied with the pilot 's explanation about the need for air-conditioning to be off during the 30-minute de-icing process , members of a tour group started quarreling with the crew , according to police . When the Boeing 737-800 jet finally pushed back from the gate , three of its four over-the-wing emergency exits suddenly popped open . Photos circulating on social media show two opened exits on the right side of the cabin with passengers still seated , as well as crews and police on board documenting evidence . Air rage and emergency exists : Stormy weeks in Chinese aviation Anger common in delay-prone China After detaining and questioning all 25 members of the tour group , the authorities announced that a male member of the group , prompted by a female tour guide , opened two exits on the right side . Both were sent to jail for 15 days , while police continued to look for the person who opened the exit on the left side . As news of the incident spread , some Chinese Internet users sympathized with the perpetrators because of the delay , but many considered their punishment too lenient and suggested airlines should blacklist them for life . Air rage is a common sight in delay-prone China and Saturday 's episode was not the first dramatic incident involving irate passengers at Kunming airport . One of the country 's busiest hubs , more than 32 million fliers passed through its terminal last year . In August 2012 , 31 passengers from a long-delayed flight tried to stop other planes from leaving Kunming by forcing their way onto the tarmac and occupying a taxiway for half an hour , state-run Xinhua news agency reported . The following February , some 50 passengers from a canceled flight stormed several gates at the airport in an attempt to prevent other travelers from boarding their flights . Police had to disperse the angry crowd with pepper spray , according to Xinhua . Exporting air rage With the exponential growth of outbound tourism , Chinese travelers now seem to be exporting their air rage overseas as well , with several incidents resulting in flight delays or diversions recorded in recent years . In February 2012 , a Chinese couple was kicked off their United flight from Guam to Shanghai , after they repeatedly yelled at a flight attendant and told her to "  shut up " when she tried to move their luggage in the overhead bin to accommodate other passengers . In September that year , a Swiss flight bound for Beijing was forced to return to Zurich when a fight broke out between two Chinese men over a reclined seat . In February 2014 , a fight erupted between two groups of Chinese passengers before their flight could take off from the Thai resort island of Phuket , resulting in 29 people being taken off the plane . Then , in April , a Thai Airways red-eye from Bangkok to Beijing turned bloody when a brawl involving three Chinese men broke out . During an official visit to the Maldives in September , President Xi Jinping personally asked Chinese tourists to behave themselves while traveling abroad . Last year the government released a lengthy list of do 's and do n'ts aimed at turning Chinese travelers into "  civilized tourists . "	A plane departing southwestern China was canceled after irate passengers opened three emergency exits Passengers were reportedly angry with the crew for turning off the air-conditioning during the de-icing process
CNN  -- After Sony canceled the release of its comedy "  The Interview , " one Texas theater planned to screen "  Team America : World Police " instead . That is , until studio Paramount shut that down , too . According to the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema in Dallas/Forth Worth , a screening of "  Team America : World Police " -- a 2004 satiric comedy , written by "  South Park 's " Trey Parker and Matt Stone , that includes the late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il in a key role -- has been canceled . The theater had planned to show "  Team America " in place of "  The Interview , " the controversial comedy about a planned assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , Kim Jong Il 's son , which was pulled by Sony Pictures Wednesday . "  The Interview " was scheduled to open Christmas Day , but Sony canceled its debut following a threat from a group that claims it hacked the studio . U.S. set to blame North Korea for Sony hack The Alamo Drafthouse has said that it was "  trying to make the best of an unfortunate situation " by swapping in "  Team America " for the now absent "  The Interview . " But , according to Alamo Drafthouse , "  Team America " is no longer in play . The screening "  was canceled as the film was pulled from release , " a spokesperson for the theater confirmed . Two other theaters that also planned to screen "  Team America , " the Plaza Atlanta Theatre and Cleveland , Ohio 's Capitol Theatre , have shared similar statements . "  Please note : Our Late Shift screening of Team America : World Police has been canceled by Paramount Pictures , " Capitol Theatre tweeted Thursday . "  We want to play it , " the Plaza Atlanta told its followers , but added they were told "  we are not allowed . " A spokeswoman for Paramount declined to comment . As of now , it looks like "  The Interview " is similarly shelved . Despite speculation the comedy might be released digitally , studio Sony Pictures said in a statement that it "  has no further release plans for the film . "	With "  The Interview 's " premiere canceled , a few theaters made other plans They were going to screen "  Team America : World Police " instead Those screenings have since been canceled
Washington  CNN  -- The United States has lifted its ban on U.S. carriers flying to and from Tel Aviv , Israel . The Federal Aviation Administration 's move came Wednesday night , a day and a half after it imposed the prohibition over security concerns amid renewed Mideast violence . Airlines moved quickly to restore service . Delta Air Lines , United Airlines and US Airways said Thursday they are resuming flights to Israel 's busiest airport , Ben Gurion International . The European Aviation Safety Agency also has reversed its recommendation that airlines avoid flying to Ben Gurion . Israeli officials , including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , lobbied Washington to reverse the extraordinary order the FAA put in place after a Hamas rocket struck close to the airport Tuesday . Many international airlines followed suit , canceling flights to and from Tel Aviv . The FAA said it had worked with other U.S. government agencies and officials to assess security in Israel and "  carefully reviewed " new information and measures Israel was taking to "  mitigate potential risks to civil aviation . " Two U.S. officials said Thursday the facts on the ground in Tel Aviv are the same as they were before the FAA freeze was put into place , but Israel has shared more information about airport defenses . A State Department official said "  the circumstances in Tel Aviv from 72 hours ago are no different than the circumstances now . " Another U.S. official cautioned that people in Washington are keeping a close eye on the situation in Tel Aviv and "  if this goes south the ban could go back into place . " Sources told CNN that the FAA , the U.S. intelligence community and other government agencies have been in intense discussions with Israel since the ban was put into the place . "  There was significant new information about the threat -- new information/intelligence about the threat which they took into account , which led to the rescinding of this notice , and also measures -- new measures the government of Israel put in place to mitigate potential risks to civilian aircraft and aviation , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said Thursday . But the U.S. official said lifting of the ban "  was not so much new intelligence as much as it is a better understanding of the planes going into and out of the airport . " The Israelis improved certain protocols and procedures after the ban and were able to share new information with Washington about their defense capabilities that convinced the United States to resume air service into Israel , the official said . "  We had a higher comfort level with the way they proposed to mitigate the threat we were seeing and it was satisfactory enough to allow airliners to resume , " the official said . While U.S. airlines operate only a handful of flights per day to Israel , FAA safety directives are influential worldwide and can affect future bookings . Air Canada said it would start flying to Israel again Thursday night , according to its verified Twitter account . Spain 's Iberia Airlines also announced that it would resume flying to Ben Gurion . "  We are operating this flight with a bigger plane than we usually fly : an Airbus A330 with 278 seats , " double the usual capacity , an Iberia spokeswoman said via e-mail . British Airways never stopped its twice-daily flights , it said . The Lufthansa Group , which includes Austrian Airlines and Swiss International Air Lines , has canceled flights through Friday . Ban openly questioned The FAA ban was openly questioned by the Israeli government and sharply criticized by some high-profile U.S. political figures . They included former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who flew to Tel Aviv and made his point bluntly on CNN , and Sen. Ted Cruz , a Texas Republican , who said he believed the step was imposed to pressure Israel into a cease-fire . But Antony Blinken , the deputy White House national security adviser , insisted to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that politics played no role in the decision . "  We did n't use the FAA to do anything . The FAA makes independent judgments for safety and security of our airline passengers and for our airlines , " Blinken said . "  They made a judgment , and we 're not in the business of second-guessing the FAA or overturning what they do . " Also speaking to Blitzer after flying to Israel on its flag carrier , El Al , Bloomberg said the FAA ban had been a mistake . "  We certainly do n't want to stop flights into airports in America , " he said . "  It would be devastating for America . It 's devastating for Israel when you stop flights . " Unrest in Ukraine , Israel raises travel tension Many flights soar over conflict zones Planning on going to Israel ? Share your story CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Carma Hassan , Rene Marsh and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : A U.S. official tells CNN the ban could be reinstated NEW : Official also says Israel shared new information about defense capabilities Israel had been lobbying Washington to reverse FAA decision
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- Jeffrey Jamaleldine took a bullet to his chin that blew out much of his jaw and nearly killed him while deployed in Iraq last year . The sacrifice is just part of his job , he says , and he 'd go back to Iraq in a second if asked . Jeffrey Jamaleldine left Germany for college in America . In 2006 , he joined the U.S. Army . That is something that troubles his family , especially his father . Jamaleldine served in the U.S. Army as a German citizen , one of an estimated 20,500 "  green-card warriors " in the military . Last month , Jamaleldine was awarded U.S. citizenship , but he 's keeping his German passport . Bashir Jamaleldine says his son is fighting an unjust war for an America that went too far when it invaded Iraq five years ago -- a sentiment shared by the majority of Germans . He wishes his son would get back to his "  German roots . " "  It would satisfy me more . Why he 's more American than a German , I do n't know , " he says . Of his son 's time in Iraq , the father says , "  He went there to receive this bullet . If he would not have gone there , he would n't have been wounded ; he would n't be in the hospital ; he would n't be treated by a doctor . He would be living in peace with his family . " Shaking his head with his son at his side , he adds , "  He is more American than German . " Jeffrey Jamaleldine , a 31-year-old U.S. Army scout who proudly wears a Stetson hat and spurs on his boots , laughs . He says he and his dad have had countless arguments over his decision to join the U.S. military , but the two never budge from their positions . See his shattered jaw and debate with his dad " "  He hears what I 'm saying , but there 's just no coming through , " he says . The father came to Germany from Africa years ago . He says his son should be devoting his energy to fighting hunger and poverty in Africa , not fighting in Iraq . The son agrees with his father on one thing : His love for America is unwavering . Jeffrey Jamaleldine moved to the United States to go to college in Missouri at the age of 18 and immediately fell in love with the United States and its culture . "  You can go from rags to riches there . People still believe in that . It is not something that has gotten lost , " he says . And when the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , happened , he felt it was time for him to do something . "  A small group of people -LSB- terrorists -RSB- -- I felt -- had a big influence on our way of life and that literally pissed me off , " he says . By accident , he says he found out that with his green card , he could join the U.S. military . And in 2006 , he did just that . Read why a "  green-card " Marine would die for America Last year , he paid a heavy price for his patriotism . Pinned down in a firefight with insurgents in the Iraqi city of Ramadi , Jamaleldine was shot in the face . "  I felt like I got hit by Mike Tyson , " he says , pointing to a two-inch long scar on his left cheek . The left side his jaw was shattered and now doctors at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany are reconstructing his facial bones . "  Part of the projectile is still stuck in the right cheekbone , " Dr. Edward Vanisky says . "  But if it does n't cause you any problems , we 'll just leave it in there . " While many Americans would consider Jamaleldine a hero , most in his home country do n't . Germans largely oppose the Iraq war . The criticism does n't bother him . Watch why a German would fight for U.S. " He says even after getting wounded on the battlefield , he would go fight for America again if ordered back to Iraq . "  I still do n't want to die , I love life , I enjoy life , " he says . "  But I would still make the sacrifice to go to Iraq again if I am called . If I have to go , I will -- to stand up for what I believe in , " he says . His father looks on in disbelief as he listens to his son , now an American citizen . But Jeffrey Jamaleldine says joining the military was never about that , it was about defending American ideals . "  If we have people who want to change those ideals or take them away , " he says , "  then there are people like me or my platoon who stand up and fight for those ideals . " E-mail to a friend	Soldier was one of more than 20,000 "  green-card warriors " Jeffrey Jamaleldine 's dad wonders why his son is more "  American than German " Jamaleldine went to college in the U.S. and fell in love with the American dream "  You can go from rags to riches there . People still believe in that , " he says
CNN  -- With the announcement that Richard III 's long-lost remains -- curved spine and all -- are to be buried at Leicester Cathedral on March 26 , 2015 , the UK city is set for another spike in tourist numbers driven by the dead monarch . This time around though , there 'll be plenty for visitors to look at . It 's all a far cry from those first , excited days after the discovery was announced in 2012 , which saw locals and tourists alike lining up for hours around the block to look at a hole in the ground . Back then there were no bells and whistles , just a strip of scraped-back asphalt , a couple of muddy trenches and the all-important grave , marked with a handful of yellow pegs and a copy of Richard III 's portrait , laminated to keep out the drizzle . The grave is still there , of course , but after months of scientific tests , massive controversy and a costly court case , it 's now surrounded by Leicester 's newest attraction , the King Richard III Visitor Centre . The museum , which opened with much fanfare recently , tells the story of the "  three Ds " of Richard III : his dynasty , explaining the complex family history which led to the bloody Wars of the Roses ; his death , at the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 , defeated by Henry Tudor and later flung into an unmarked grave ; and finally , the discovery of his remains . Iain Gordon , director of the new visitor center , explains : "  We start with the medieval soap opera of Richard III 's rise to power , the Wars of the Roses and the 500 years of controversy that followed , and then we tell the key part of the story : the discovery . " ` Beyond reasonable doubt ' It 's this part , the tale of how a King of England could lie unknown and unacknowledged for centuries , most recently beneath a municipal parking lot , only to be found by a group of archeologists as stunned by what they 'd found as the rest of us -- and with just enough clues to identify him -- that has fascinated people around the world . The museum shows how the excavation was carried out , and explains the complicated series of tests carried out to prove "  beyond reasonable doubt " that the remains were indeed Richard III 's . There 's even a replica skeleton on display so people can see for themselves the fatal blow to the head that felled the King on the battlefield , and the distinctive curved spine that gave rise to the myth of the evil , deformed monarch portrayed by Shakespeare . Gordon says that before it had even opened , the center had sold tickets to visitors from as far afield as Australia and Scandinavia , Canada , the U.S. and Germany . "  We had people walking past the door asking ` is it open yet , is it open yet ? ' and Australian tourists desperate to know if it would be ready before they flew home , " he says . International attention Gordon adds that interest in all things Richard III-related remains high -- a temporary exhibition at the city 's Guildhall nearby attracted 200,000 visitors in a year , and local authorities hope the tourists will keep coming . The area between the grave site and visitor center -- housed in an old school -- and the cathedral , where the much-tested remains will be reinterred is being redeveloped , with new gardens linking the two , and part of the cathedral itself is being remodeled to make way for the new royal tomb . The idea is that tourists will be able to spend an entire day on the Richard III tour . They 'll take in the Battle of Bosworth site , just outside the city , to see where he 's thought to have died , the visitor center , to learn more of his story , and finally the cathedral , to visit his grave . Thankfully , there 's now plenty more to see than the original hole in the ground , though that 'll remain the focal part of a trip to the new museum . The hole takes pride of place in a church-like quiet room , the floor covered with glass so that people can look down into the grave itself . There is though , a nod to the high-tech era -- at certain times of the day , lighting effects make it appear as though his bones are still in the grave . In the visitor center , as well as the minds of many visitors , he will remain the King in the parking lot . King Richard II Visitor Centre , 4A St. Martin 's , Leicester ; tickets Â # 7.95  $ 13.40	New museum tells the story of Richard III 's family , battlefield death and the uncovering of his bones Medieval king was found buried beneath a municipal parking lot in UK city of Leicester Thousands have flocked to see the final resting place of controversial monarch
CNN  -- Garth Brooks is still holding out hope he can do shows in Ireland despite the Dublin city council saying no to two of them . Brooks told the Irish promoter after the city 's approval of just three shows he would wait "  to the last second " before sending his crew and gear back the the United States . "  I can not begin to tell you how badly my heart is breaking right now , " the singer wrote in a note to Aiken Promotions on Tuesday . Brooks ' rep on Wednesday provided CNN a copy of the note . The Dublin shows had been planned for Croke Park Stadium , a football arena that can hold more than 90,000 fans , on five consecutive nights during the last week of July . The council approved Friday , Saturday and Sunday shows , but rejected licenses for Monday and Tuesday night concerts . The promoter , saying Brooks insisted on five shows or none at all , announced Tuesday that all concerts of "  The Garth Brooks Comeback Special Event " were canceled and the 400,000 tickets sold would be refunded . A measure of the demand to see Brooks perform live is impressive , considering the 400,000 tickets sold represent nearly one of every 10 people in the Republic of Ireland 's 4.5 million population . "  I hope you understand that to play for 400,000 people would be a dream , but to tell 160,000 of those people that they are not welcome would be a nightmare , " Brooks wrote . "  To do what the city manager suggests  play three shows and not all five  means I agree that is how people should be treated and I just ca n't agree with that . " While the promoter surrendered Tuesday , saying it had "  exhausted all avenues regarding the staging of this event , " the note revealed that Brooks held out some hope . "  Our guys are still en route and if there is any chance that the five planned concerts can be salvaged and nobody is being let down then we can proceed as planned until the refunds begin , " he said . "  If you tell me , ` Garth , thanks but it is over . ' I will cease my efforts and bring our people and gear back to the States . If you think for any reason that the ` powers that be ' in Ireland can fix this , then I will faithfully go to the last second . " One of Brook 's biggest hits was a country tune about "  Friends in Low Places . " The city council noted the stadium was "  in a heavily populated residential area " and five nights of Brooks would be "  an over intensification of use of the stadium . " The traffic , noise and "  potential antisocial behaviour " by Brooks fans could add up to "  an unacceptable level of disruption " for Dublin residents , the council said . The city promised residents it would limit the number of special events to three each year when the stadium was renovated several years ago . It already hosted three concerts in May , the council 's statement said . Brooks was the biggest selling solo recording act ever when he left the road and studio behind to concentrate on raising his three daughters 13 years ago . Fans have only seen him perform since then at a few benefit concerts and a weekend residency in Las Vegas . Garth Brooks works weekends in Vegas His youngest daughter Allie graduated from high school in May , relieving Brooks of his paternal duty to drive his kids from his farm in Owasso , Oklahoma , to school each morning and be there for every soccer match . Brooks revealed last December in a "  Good Morning America " interview that wife Trisha Yearwood and his daughters had given him approval to launch a world tour in 2014 . He has scheduled a news conference on Thursday but it is not known whether it will be a new tour announcement . CNN was first alerted to this story through a Twitter posting . CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	"  I can not begin to tell you how badly my heart is breaking right now , " Garth Brooks writes The "  Friends in Low Places " singer hopes " ` powers that be ' in Ireland can fix this " Brooks ' promoter cancels all 5 shows when Dublin 's council approved just 3 concerts 400,000 tickets sold represent nearly one of every 10 people in Ireland
CNN  -- On Monday January 21 , the U.S. will again swear in its first black president on the national holiday honoring one of the civil rights leaders who helped to make the inauguration a reality . In so many ways , the day will be a living testament to the dream of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. , who would have been 84 years old on January 15 . As the official MLK National Day of Service , the nation is called to remember his legacy through service and social leadership . Just as King believed we all can make a difference to end discrimination , he believed everyone had the power to uplift society through service . While President Obama is sworn in for his second term , volunteers around the country will be rolling up their sleeves to help their communities big and small . Chelsea Clinton : We can make a difference But you do n't have to lead a movement to honor King 's dream . Service projects are taking place around the country and throughout the week . How to make an impact : At the MLK National Day of Service site you can learn more about the holiday and the organizations involved in leading the effort . For updates on news and happenings for the Day of Service , you can subscribe to their newsletter and find tips for planning your day and making it count . If you want to start your own project , the site provides tool kits you can use to help teach your friends , families and neighbors topics ranging from disaster preparedness to well being . You can download your toolkit and spend the day teaching others . The Corporation for National and Community Service , the body charged with leading the day of service , also has tools to find and start projects for the day of service . You can enter your zip code to find registered projects near you , or find out more on how you can register your own project to recruit volunteers . Do n't have the day off ? Learn more about the The Martin Luther King Jr. . Center for Nonviolent Social Change and how you can volunteer or donate to their programs . Let us know how you plan to make an impact on our Facebook and Twitter pages .	The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. was born on January 15 , 1929 , in Atlanta , Georgia Martin Luther King , Jr. . Day is the national holiday held every year on the third Monday in January The holiday is a National Day of Service in King 's memory
CNN  -- At the beginning of the school year , a couple of hundred parents , myself included , gathered in the middle school lounge for the principal 's back-to-school speech . The chatting hushed as the principal walked from the back of the room to the podium . As she proceeded down the aisle , parting the crowd of parents , she carried with her the biggest bottle of hand sanitizer I 've ever seen . Expert : Washing hands works well to prevent many diseases , but it 's not very helpful agains the flu virus . When she arrived at the front of the room , the principal , all 5 feet and 100 pounds of her , used every bit of her strength to hoist the giant jug onto the lectern . "  Welcome back to school , " she said . "  Swine flu stops here . " The principal explained that between each and every class , the teachers would supervise the children while they sanitized their hands . In addition , students would be washing and sanitizing their hands at other times , such as before lunch and snack . My eldest daughter confirmed that they really were cleaning their hands at least every 45 minutes , but exactly eight days later , the e-mails started to arrive : a case of suspected H1N1 flu in the seventh grade , another in kindergarten , and then another and another . At one point at my daughters ' school , they were sending home a dozen students a day sick with symptoms of H1N1 flu . A sneeze in the theater versus a germy handshake What happened here ? How come with all that hand washing so many children still became ill ? According to some experts , you can wash your hands all you want , and it wo n't do much to stop the spread of influenza , including the H1N1 variety . "  Washing hands really is wonderful for preventing many diseases , such as the common cold , but it 's not very helpful to prevent influenza , " said Arthur Reingold , professor of epidemiology at the University of California-Berkeley . I gave Reingold two scenarios . The first : I 'm sitting in a movie theater next to -- but not touching -- someone with H1N1 , and he sneezes and does n't cover his mouth . The second : Someone with H1N1 rubs his nose , shakes my hand , and then I rub my nose . In which situation am I more likely to catch the flu ? That 's easy , said Reingold , an infectious disease specialist who advises on vaccine policy for the World Health Organization . The theater incident is much more likely -- much , much more likely , he said -- to give me the flu , since inhaling particles results in a bigger dose of the virus . A spokesman for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention agrees there is n't strong evidence that hand washing fights H1N1 . "  We do n't have solid data on the effect that hand washing has on the transmission of H1N1 , " CDC spokesman Tom Skinner wrote in an e-mail . But he said there 's still reason to be vigilant about hand washing . "  There are studies that show hand washing was effective in reducing transmission of other respiratory diseases , " he said . Dr. Peter Palese , a professor of medicine and infectious diseases at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York City , said hand washing is n't all that helpful against the flu because the flu is n't like other respiratory diseases . "  The flu virus is n't very stable on the hand , " he said . "  The virus has a lipid membrane that flattens out when it 's on your hand , and it gets inactivated . " The rhinovirus , on the other hand , which causes the common cold , can live quite nicely on someone 's hand . "  It has a different architecture than a flu virus , " he said . "  It 's much more stable . " The flu virus thrives in droplets of water , such as the kind that come out of your mouth when you sneeze or cough . "  The lipid membrane stays intact when it 's surrounded by a droplet of water that 's ten times bigger than the virus itself , " Palese says . Infectious disease experts and the CDC agree the flu is more likely to be transmitted through airborne particles than through hand contact . However , they disagreed on the extent to which flu is caused by hand contact compared with inhalation of particles . Mark Nicas , an adjunct professor at the University of California-Berkeley School of Public Health , thinks a significant number of flu cases do indeed spread from hands touching one another . "  I think that hand contact accounts for maybe one-third of influenza infections , " he said . Hand washing : A false sense of security from H1N1 ? Some infectious disease experts said they 're concerned messages from the CDC to wash hands to prevent H1N1 have given people too much faith in hand washing . "  Everyone 's eager to promote hand washing , and certainly it wo n't do any harm , but to rely on a hand washing as a way to prevent influenza is a serious mistake , " said Reingold . "  Do n't kid yourself that you 're going to protect yourself from the flu completely by washing your hands , " said Arnold Monto , a professor of epidemiology at the University of Michigan School of Public Health . The CDC has emphasized other prevention techniques , such as vaccination , as well , Skinner said . "  CDC has communicated from the get-go that hand washing is only one tool in the toolbox used to prevent the transmission of influenza , " he said . This brings me back to my experience at my daughters ' school . The e-mails from the principal said some of the sick children reported to the school nurse that they 'd woken up ill , but their parents sent them to school anyway . What 's up with that ? If your child is sick , keep her at home . If you 're sick , do n't go to work . Using that particular tool in the toolbox will go a long way toward stemming the spread of H1N1 flu -- probably more than washing your hands . CNN 's Sharisse Scineaux and Jennifer Pifer-Bixler contributed to this report .	Hand washing can reduce risk of catching a cold ; not as helpful against H1N1 H1N1 virus not stable on hand ; instead it thrives in droplets of water Inhaling airborne particles , from cough or sneeze , results in a bigger dose of virus Regardless , washing hands "  really is wonderful " for preventing many diseases
New York  CNN  -- A new terrorism warning system will provide the public with information on specific threats , replacing the color-coded alerts put in place after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Wednesday . In announcing the new system at New York City 's Grand Central Terminal , commonly known as Grand Central Station , Napolitano said a main goal was to provide better understanding of the nature of the specific threat , what people should do in reaction to it and how they could help security officials in responding . "  It will provide alerts based on specific , credible information about potential terrorist activity , " Napolitano said , adding that the alerts would contain "  as many details as we can provide . " Right now , she said , there is no threat that would reach the level to warrant one of the new alerts , which will take effect on April 26 . Napolitano made the announcement in the city where more than 2,700 people were killed when two hijacked planes crashed into the World Trade Center 's twin towers . She was joined by New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly and Republican Rep. Peter King of New York , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , who both praised the new National Terrorism Advisory System as an upgrade that enhances current security efforts . However , Sen. Susan Collins of Maine , the top Republican on the Senate Homeland Security Committee , cautioned that the new system must "  effectively disseminate threat information in a timely manner and provide sound guidance to the public and affected homeland security partners on the actions they should take to protect themselves and the nation . " Collins urged Napolitano 's department "  to keep communication lines open with our state and local homeland security officials and with the private sector so that implementation of the system meets the vision " set by the secretary . The new system has two levels of alerts , compared to the previous system 's five levels , Napolitano said . The two alert levels of the new system are "  elevated threat , " which "  warns of a credible terrorist threat " to the United States ; and "  imminent threat , " which "  warns of a credible , specific and impending terrorist threat , " according to a Department of Homeland Security statement . Any alert will automatically expire after a two-week period , although they could be extended if new information shows a threat persists , DHS said . Napolitano told reporters in a morning briefing that the alerts posted on a department website -- www.dhs.gov/alerts -- will provide details to show the nature , location and other information about terrorism threats . Therefore , she said , a specific warning may apply to a particular address , community , city or region , rather than the non-specific general warnings of the color-coded system . Alerts also will be announced by her office and made public via traditional media such as television announcements and radio broadcasts , as well as social media , Napolitano said . She conceded that the color-coded system "  has faded in utility except for late-night comics , " noting that the warning level at airports had been at orange since 2006 . "  That 's one of the reasons why people  stopped  paying attention to them , " Napolitano said . Instead of a constant state of undefined warning , she said , the new system will react to actual threats . "  We do n't want people to live in fear , " she said . "  We want people to live in a state of alert and awareness . " Her department is asking the public to be on alert for any suspicious activity , incorporating the New York Metropolitan Transportation Authority 's trademark slogan "  If You See Something , Say Something " into its alerts . Evaluating the current threat for Wednesday under the old system , the Department of Homeland Security put it at yellow , or elevated . Under the new system , it does not warrant an alert . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this story .	NEW : Secretary Napolitano says people ignored the old system Napolitano says the new system will take effect April 26 The new system has only two levels , compared to the previous system 's five The alerts have an expiration , unless new information comes to light
CNN  -- Casey Anthony 's acquittal on murder charges was a sign from God that her daughter Caylee 's death was an accident , Cindy Anthony said in a television interview aired Wednesday . Cindy Anthony , Casey 's mother , told television host Dr. Phil McGraw that "  there is something seriously wrong with my daughter . " But she told McGraw , "  I 'm not going to be her judge and jury . God is her judge , and he let her free . " "  I prayed to God for three years to find out what happened to Caylee , and I prayed during the whole trial that God would give me closure and if Casey was responsible for Caylee 's death , that Casey would go to jail and be punished , " Cindy Anthony said . "  And when that verdict came in and Casey was free , I got my answer -- that it was an accident , " she said . "  And I believe that justice for Caylee was when her mother walked . " But while she said she believes Caylee 's death was an accident , she dismissed the defense 's argument that her husband , George Anthony , helped cover up the girl 's death . "  I do n't believe that for a minute , " Cindy Anthony said . Caylee was last seen June 16 , 2008 , but was not reported missing until July 15 , 2008 . Her skeletal remains were found five months later , in the woods a short distance from the family 's home in Orlando . After a lengthy investigation that became a media frenzy , Casey Anthony was acquitted of first-degree murder in July , but found guilty of four misdemeanor counts of providing false information to law enforcement officers . She has remained out of the public spotlight since her release from jail , but is on probation for a 2010 conviction on check fraud charges . Cindy Anthony 's comments were aired in the second part of a lengthy interview that began airing Tuesday on the syndicated "  Dr. Phil " program . Cindy Anthony and her husband , George , told McGraw they differed on how their granddaughter died , with George Anthony saying he believed Casey had help disposing of Caylee 's remains . George Anthony said he suspects his daughter "  or someone else that she was with " may have drugged Caylee to put her to sleep so Casey Anthony could "  go out and have a good time , " resulting in the girl 's death . Cindy Anthony expressed surprise at the assertion , telling McGraw , "  It 's the first time I 've heard it , and we 've been through this for three years . "	Casey Anthony was acquitted of murder in July amid a media frenzy "  God is her judge , and he set her free , " Cindy Anthony said Casey Anthony was accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter Caylee Her father said he suspects his daughter had help disposing of the body
CNN  -- It 's amazing how a huge global phenomenon can begin . Tetris , the simple puzzle video game , has been addicting players for 25 years . In 1984 , Russian mathematician Alexey Pajitnov was playing with one of his favorite puzzles when he had an inspiration : How about creating a computer version ? Pajitnov wrote the program in his spare time , simplifying the idea to make it easier for those of us who are n't math geniuses . He used shapes made of four squares -- hence "  Tetris , " which comes from the Greek word for four , "  Tetra . " In the game , players must position and stack blocky shapes to fill a grid without leaving spaces in between . Successfully completed sections disappear . The more sections the player completes without reaching the top , the higher the score . iReport : 25 years of Tetris Steadily , the game worked its way around the world . Millions of people found themselves glued to their computers and game players -- hearts racing and screaming in frustration -- all over getting a simple horizontal line of digital squares to disappear . "  I would just play it for hours and hours , " said iReporter Joel Vetsch of New Haven , Connecticut , who got addicted to Tetris on a Game Boy when he was 10 . "  I 'm 29 now , and I still love it . " See Vetsch 's iReport here Vetsch became so obsessed with Tetris that the game even showed up in his dreams . "  I 'd go to sleep and in my head I 'd see blocks ... going into each other , " he told CNN . "  It was weird . " More than 125 million Tetris products have been sold , and Guinness World Records ' 2009 Gamers ' Edition book ranked Tetris No. 2 on its list of the top 50 console games of all time , behind Super Mario Kart . Twenty-five years to the month after Tetris was born , CNN spoke with Pajitnov and Henk Rogers , CEO of Blue Planet Software , the company that manages the exclusive licensing rights to the game . The two men talked about what makes Tetris so addictive , how they believe the game can help unite the world , and -- no joke -- why they want a Tetris competition in the Olympics . See Josh Levs ' interview with Pajitnov and Rogers " CNN : Alexey , I want to start with you . When you first dreamed up this scenario all those years ago , did you ever imagine it would turn into a global phenomenon ? Alexey Pajitnov , Tetris creator : The very first time when my small game started working even without scoring or leveling , I could n't stop playing . It 's a really good game , but I -LSB- could n't -RSB- imagine that it would be that big . Henk Rogers , CEO of Blue Planet Software : When I first found it at the Consumer Electronics Show in 1988 , I kept on coming back and playing more . And that was a for sure sign that this was going to be a good game . CNN : There are stories of people going in to work on the weekends just to sit at their computer and play for hours . They even dream the Tetris shapes if they play for too long . Could one of you explain to me why it 's so addictive and what goes on when you play it ? Pajitnov : First of all , it 's a very simple game and it has a really strong creative spirit in it . So instead of destroying something , you kind of build up the profile out of those small pieces and enjoy doing it . And that 's probably the very important addictive factor . CNN : The simplicity and also the immediate satisfaction -- but then immediately it 's time to work for the next one . Pajitnov : Yes . CNN : Henk , tell us some of the stunning statistics . Rogers : Over 70 million products have been sold as a box product , and more recently on the mobile -LSB- market -RSB- we 're almost reaching 80 million downloads worldwide . Last year 10 percent of all games on mobile phones in this country were Tetris . CNN : We have some videos of takeoffs -- turning buildings into Tetris or human Tetris . Is that great publicity or are you concerned in a legal way , like , "  Stop grabbing our name and doing what you want with it ? " Rogers : It 's all flattery . I like it . CNN : Alexey , you were originally unable to make a penny off of this for a long time . What happened there and how did it ultimately pay out for you ? Pajitnov : Back in the '80s when I designed the game , the situation with intellectual property was very unclear in Russia . Communism Party did n't inspire some individual kind of activity . That 's why I decided I granted my rights for Tetris for 10 years to Soviet Union to my computer center . And I did n't receive anything from this 10 years . But 10 years naturally ended , and I 'm fine now .  laughs CNN : You all put something into your news release : "  We have a vision of the future where people all over the world can meet and become friends without speaking the same language . " You go on to say that people will be "  connected through the universal language " of Tetris . Are you guys being sarcastic about that or is that an actual hope ? Rogers : No that 's a real dream for us . Games are a universal language and Tetris breaks all culture , language and age and gender barriers . CNN : Have you had complaints from people saying that Tetris is a drug , that it 's more addictive , there should be some kind of warning with it ? Pajitnov : It happens to me all the time . People approach me and say , "  I spent so much of my college time on Tetris I almost blow my exams . " And I usually ask , "  But was it good hours which you spent on Tetris ? " And everybody say , "  Yes it was really good hours . " So I say , "  I not waste it , I gift it to you ! " Rogers : I think that Tetris is the first virtual sport . And we 'll see a Tetris Cup in the future and international competition . Hopefully we 'll be part of the Olympics someday . CNN : The actual Olympics ? The Olympics Olympics ? Rogers : Sure , why limit the Olympics to physical sports ? Why not mental sports ? CNN : Wow , that would open up a whole new realm . I know you have a lot of plans for building this . What will we see when we envision the future ? Will there be 3-D Tetris ? Or will I have goggles and play virtual Tetris ? Rogers : Tetris is the ultimate casual game , so we need to keep it simple . If 3-D takes it out of simple-to-understand games , then it probably wo n't go there . CNN : You want to tell me how much you have made off Tetris over the years ? Rogers : A lot .  laughter CNN : Alexey , how about you ? Pajitnov : Yes , I am happy . CNN : Enough to give Oprah a run for her money ? Pajitnov and Rogers : No , no .  laughter CNN : No , I do n't think real people do that ever . Have memories of Tetris ? Send us iReports or join the discussions at Facebook or Twitter .	Tetris , the addictive building-block video game , turns 25 this month CNN speaks with Alexey Pajitnov , the game 's creator , about its popularity Last year , 10 percent of all games on mobile phones in the U.S. were Tetris Pajitnov : "  It 's a very simple game and it has a really strong creative spirit in it "
New Delhi  CNN  -- The lawyer for one of the men accused in the gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman wants the trial moved out of New Delhi , where emotions have run high over the case . The defense lawyer will argue before the Indian Supreme Court on Wednesday that transferring legal proceedings outside the Indian capital would ensure a free and fair hearing . His appearance , which was originally scheduled for Tuesday , was pushed back a day . Meanwhile , a panel appointed by India 's home affairs minister after the incident delivered a 600-page report Wednesday criticizing authorities and even everyday Indians for their apathy and "  low and skewed priority of dealing with complaints of sexual assault . " The group said social failings , not adequate criminal laws , are to blame for the lackadaisical treatment of sexual assault in India . "  Failure of good governance is the obvious root cause for the current unsafe environment eroding the rule of law , and not the want of needed legislation , " the panel said in its report . However , the group did make several policy recommendations , including creating a new offense of gang rape punishable by at least 20 years in prison , making it a crime for police to fail to investigate sexual assault complaints and making it illegal to consider character or previous sexual experience of the victim at a criminal trial . Kirti Singh of the National Commission for Women called the report a "  landmark document . " The case that sparked the panel 's review -- the December 16 gang rape of a woman in New Delhi -- has gripped India , prompting protests in the capital and other cites over the treatment of women and criticism of the way sexual assault cases are dealt with . Opinion : India 's rape problem needs a rewiring of society 's attitude The consequences of the case are still unfolding in the Indian news media , with calls for tougher punishment of people convicted of rape . The five adult suspects in the December 16 incident appeared at a closed-door hearing at a fast-track court in New Delhi on Monday . Details about what was said in court can not be reported under a judge 's ruling imposing restrictions on coverage of the case . Police say the suspects attacked the woman and her male companion on a bus , robbed them and dumped them by the side of the road . The woman , badly injured in the attack , died two weeks later , despite being flown to Singapore for treatment . Her companion survived . The five men are charged with murder , rape and kidnapping and could face the death penalty if convicted . A sixth suspect , who is believed to be too young to be tried as an adult , is facing proceedings in a juvenile court . Indian rape debate : Why death penalty is no solution The case is being heard in a "  fast-track " court , which India introduced to try to expedite cases in a justice system bogged down by red tape . It means that sessions of the trial , once it begins , should take place nearly every working day until a verdict is reached . The hearing Monday was a procedural step at which the charge sheet detailing prosecutors ' accusations against the suspects was submitted . The trial will begin once the prosecution 's arguments are made in court . Rape case ` an awakening ' for India , victim 's father says The next hearing is scheduled for Thursday , according to defense lawyers . The magistrates ' court that initially heard the case imposed restrictions on what the news media can report about events in court . That practice is common in rape cases in India to protect the victim 's identity , and the magistrate said it was also necessary out of concern for the suspects ' safety amid intense media coverage and widespread anger . India rape victim 's family wants hospital in her village Authorities have not released the name of the dead woman , but Indian protesters have been calling her Damini , which means "  lightning " in Hindi . "  Damini " is also a 1993 Bollywood film whose lead female character fights for a housemaid , a victim of sexual assault . Companion of India rape victim : I begged attackers to stop The events have also focused the attention of the Indian news media on attacks against women around the huge country . Newspapers and television stations have been reporting other shocking rape allegations on an almost daily basis . In one of the most recent examples , police in the eastern state of Odisha arrested six men after they were accused of gang-raping a 25-year-old woman Sunday as she was on her way home from visiting her brother at a hospital . The six men , including two who worked as custodians at the hospital , are alleged to have taken the woman to an isolated area by a river and sexually assaulted her , said B.K. Aich , a police superintendent in the district of Mayurbhanj . Police are waiting for medical reports on the suspects to determine whether to take the case to court , Aich said . The number of reported rapes in India -- a country where a cultural stigma keeps many victims from reporting the crime -- has increased from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 , according to official figures . Most women in India have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation or on the streets , the Indian Council on Global Relations says . CNN 's Michael Pearson and Aliza Kassim in Atlanta and journalist Neiha Sharma in New Delhi contributed to this report .	NEW : Panel proposes changes in sexual assault policies in India Five men accused of raping and killing a woman in December face trial in New Delhi Defense lawyers say shifting the case outside Delhi would ensure a fair hearing The 23-year-old victim in that case , which transfixed India , died from her injuries
President Franklin D. Roosevelt called her "  Little Miss Miracle . " Such was the power of Shirley Temple during the Great Depression , a dark time when millions were out of work and struggling to survive . Into their midst came a little girl in curls , whose films -- such as "  Little Miss Marker , " "  Curly Top , " "  Bright Eyes " and "  Captain January " -- allowed them to forget , if just for a little while . "  Shirley could make people believe , if only for 90 minutes , that there were no problems in the world , " said a fellow child star , Dickie Moore . Shirley Temple Black , perhaps the biggest child star in history , died Monday . She was 85 . There had been child stars before Shirley Temple -- Jackie Cooper and Jackie Coogan , to name two -- and there is certainly no shortage of them now , with reality TV and child-targeted cable networks minting a perky new imp every six months . But with her sparkling personality , song-and-dance talent and sheer box-office power , there has likely been no equal in history . Photos : Child star transformations "  She  represented , for many , the epitome of childhood goodness and sentiment , a beacon of hope for the future of America and the physical embodiment of the perfect child , " wrote a British sociologist , Jane Catherine O'Connor , in "  The Cultural Significance of the Child Star . " Share your memories Shirley Temple everywhere At the peak of her fame in the mid-1930s there were Shirley Temple dolls , Shirley Temple dresses , Shirley Temple china , Shirley Temple notebooks , Shirley Temple soap and Shirley Temple sheet music . There was a nonalcoholic cocktail -- ginger ale with a touch of grenadine , topped with a maraschino cherry -- named for her . She was awarded an honorary Oscar in 1934 . She was the No. 1 box office star in the nation from 1935 to 1938 . She almost single-handedly led 20th Century Fox , her studio , back to profitability . She was so well-known , so iconic , that even the number of curls in her hair was publicized .  It 's 56 , incidentally . "  I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was 6 , " she once wrote . "  Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph . " Through it all , she was barely touched by scandal . There were no stories of abusive parents or predatory agents -- though her mother , who did help push her daughter into show business , shaved a year off young Shirley 's age to make her more marketable . Indeed , the mere suggestion that she was something less than innocent was enough to prompt a furious outcry . When British author Graham Greene , then an editor and film critic , wrote in a 1937 review that the 8-year-old Temple was an "  adult impersonating a child " and that her co-stars reacted to her "  well-shaped and desirable little body , " 20th Century Fox sued . The legal challenge ended up putting Greene 's magazine out of business . Adulthood , however , did finally put an end to Temple 's film career . In 1940 , 20th Century Fox decided not to renew her contract , which was OK with Temple and her family . She went off to a Los Angeles school and , gradually , adjusted to noncelebrity life . She was just about to turn 13 . Shirley Temple Black , the ambassador Class and diplomacy She did a bit of acting while in school and after graduating -- one film , 1947 's "  That Hagen Girl " with Ronald Reagan , made it into the book "  The Fifty Worst Films of All Time " -- but after marrying her second husband , Charles Black , she decided to retire in 1950 . At 22 , her movie career was over . But her life was just beginning . Shirley Temple , child star , became Shirley Temple Black , diplomat , who raised three children , served as a U.N. representative and U.S. ambassador , and generally kept a low and genteel profile . Only rarely did she venture back into acting , most notably for a late - '50s television series . To younger generations , she soon became just a well-known name , her films seen only on late-night TV , her Depression-era celebrity all but vanished . Children of the '70s may know her best for an episode of "  The Brady Bunch " in which Cindy Brady becomes obsessed with her . Children of the 21st century may not know her at all . And these days , when being a child star almost invariably comes with a 24-hour media circus -- followed by calculated moves to showcase adult-like sex appeal -- one wonders if the fame of a Shirley Temple could last longer than the duration of a YouTube video .  Even in her time it was no easy feat , as biographies of any number of child stars indicate .  No doubt she 'd be analyzed , objectified and vivisected all over the Internet , paparazzi lurking outside her door , waiting for a swear word or a blown-up skirt . Still , child stars of any era could do worse than model themselves on Shirley Temple . When she was a movie star , there was nobody bigger . When she was n't a movie star , there were few classier . Her philosophy was summed up in something she once said in an interview . "  Some people are stuck on this image of the little girl . She is not me , " she said . "  We should n't live in the past . My life is now . "	Shirley Temple was a leading movie star of 1930s She represented "  the epitome of childhood goodness and sentiment , " said one observer Fame was gigantic -- there were countless Shirley Temple products After movie career , she had successful adult life as diplomat
CNN  -- A black-and-white photo of Will and Jada Pinkett Smith 's daughter and an older actor has sparked controversy , but Pinkett Smith says the critics have it wrong . In a picture that 's been widely circulated online , Pinkett Smith 's 13-year-old daughter Willow is seen lying on a bed fully dressed with 20-year-old "  Hannah Montana " star Moises Arias , who is shirtless . Some observers have been disturbed by the photograph , believing the situation depicted was too intimate for a young teen . According to TMZ , Arias initially posted the photo to Instagram but has since removed it , although it 's still on his website . Smith 's mom , Jada Pinkett Smith , has said she does n't see anything wrong with the photograph . In fact , she said Wednesday , anyone who does should question their interpretation . "  Here 's the deal , " she told TMZ photographers . "  There was nothing sexual about that picture or that situation . "  You guys are projecting your trash onto it , and you 're acting like covert pedophiles , " she said . "  That 's not cool . "	A photo of Will and Jada Pinkett Smith 's daughter has stirred controversy The Smiths ' 13-year-old , Willow , was seen in bed with an older , shirtless actor Pinkett Smith has explained there was nothing sexual about the situation
CNN  -- A California man was on probation when he was arrested then released for public intoxication , hours after which he allegedly killed a Roman Catholic priest in a church rectory . The terms of slaying suspect Gary Lee Bullock 's probation -- which were for three years tied to a November 2012 arrest for cocaine possession -- did not mandate that he should have remained behind bars after his arrest in southern Humboldt County , California , on New Year 's Eve . But had he stayed in custody , or if Eureka police officers detained him again after being tipped off about a suspicious man shortly after his release at the coastal city 's St. Bernard Church , the gruesome story may have turned out differently . Instead , around 9 a.m. on Wednesday , New Year 's Day , church staff alerted police after finding the Rev. Eric Freed 's body . Eureka Police Chief Andy Mills said later that officers and a doctor , who also was a parishioner , soon determined that Freed was dead , having suffered "  blunt force trauma " in what he described as a "  violent struggle . " Court and other records obtained Friday by CNN did not hint at any violent crimes in Bullock 's history . But they do shed light on some of his life , including speeding tickets , the fact he has at least three daughters , bankruptcy filings and the aforementioned cocaine arrest . He pleaded guilty to a controlled substance charge on the latter matter , leading to the probation . CNN 's efforts on Friday to reach the lawyer who represented Bullock in this case were unsuccessful . Bullock 's was a relatively low-level probation : It did not mean he should remain detained were he ever arrested on any charge , Lt. Steve Knight of the Humboldt County Sheriff 's Office said . Humboldt County 's chief probation officer , William Damiano , said Bullock 's case never fell under his department , and as such Bullock did n't have to do things like check in regularly with a probation officer . The California Superior Court document outlining Bullock 's probation specifies that he would be in violation if he was found to have "  any nonprescribed controlled substance . " But the guidelines specifically do not include things like prohibiting the violation of any "  criminal statutes ; " possession , custody or control of any alcohol ; or "  aggressive or assaultive behavior toward any person . " These facts are relevant , given Bullock 's interaction with authorities in the hours before Freed 's death . According to Eureka police , the 43-year-old was "  acting strangely " when he was picked up by county sheriff 's deputies in Garberville . They took him to a jail where "  he was rejected due to his erratic behavior , " then moved him to a nearby hospital "  where he became more agitated and had to be physically restrained by deputies , " police added . Knight , from the sheriff 's office , said Bullock was sent to a hospital because of a high heart rate . He was eventually booked into a jail shortly after 4:30 p.m. that day , staying there for more than eight hours before his release at 12:43 a.m. on January 1 . Less than two hours later , police got a call about a suspicious person at St. Bernard Church . Officers found Bullock , but because he was n't "  intoxicated and did not qualify for an emergency psychological hold , " they did n't detain him . Instead , they referred him to a shelter , Mills said . Chief : Police want to know why slaying happened At some point later , a guard at St. Bernard found a person matching Bullock 's description on the premises and told him to leave , police said . Then came the devastating discovery of Freed 's body . The slain priest 's 2010 Nissan hybrid was gone . Bullock apparently drove 45 minutes from the parish to a family member 's house in that car , police said . One of Bullock 's relatives eventually tipped off police to his whereabouts , leading to his arrest midday Thursday , according to the Eureka police chief . "  There 's no question in our mind he 's responsible for this heinous act , " Mills said , citing evidence recovered at the crime scene and interviews with witnesses that allegedly link Bullock to the priest 's death . The chief added : "  To me , ` why ' is the biggest thing that we would like to establish -- to bring a sense of ease and comfort to the community , " Mills said . That community -- including members of St. Bernard Parish , students and staff at Humboldt State University where Freed taught , and residents throughout greater Eureka -- was still hurting Friday , as it tried to make sense of the violent death of the popular priest . "  Eric knew as well as anybody just how senseless violence could be , " said William Herbrechtsmeier , a professor at Humboldt State . "  When a fine person like him is brought down -- that 's just tragic . " Since 2007 , Freed had taught about the New Testament at that public university , where he also had a leadership role in the Newman Center for Catholic students . He developed a reputation there for his warmth as much as his scholarly expertise , which made him popular on campus . "  Kind is the word that comes to mind , sensitive . " said professor Stephen Cunha , the chairman of Humboldt State University 's religious studies department . " ... He was very much someone that you could sit down and speak with . ... He connected with everybody . " But his primary calling was as a priest . Freed had been part of California 's Santa Rosa diocese since 1999 , establishing himself as a "  great preacher " and an engaging teacher from his work in Catholic schools , said Monsignor Daniel Whelton . John Chiv said he and other St. Bernard parishioners are shocked and angered by Freed 's death , especially given how it happened . "  It 's hard to feel Christian because ... it was brutal , " Chiv said , adding that Freed was "  very jovial ... very accessible  and  very loving . " "  We lost a pastor , we lost a friend and , for many of us , he was like a father figure . " CNN 's Dan Simon , Augie Martin , Ashley Fantz and Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	Murder suspect Bullock was on probation when he was arrested for public intoxication He pleaded guilty to cocaine possession tied to a 2012 arrest , got three years probation It was n't the type of probation that should have kept him detained , lieutenant says Authorities say Bullock killed a California priest hours after his release from jail
CNN  -- A British man convicted of having sex on a Dubai beach was re-arrested as he prepared to board a flight back to the UK , according to media reports . File image of one of the co-accused -- Vince Acors -- arriving at court in Dubai in September . Vince Acors , 34 , from London , was due to fly to Heathrow Monday following his deportation from the Gulf state . But he was detained at Dubai Airport and returned to jail as his flight confirmation was allegedly "  not in order , " the British Press Association said . Acors and fellow Briton Michelle Palmer , 36 , were initially given three-month jail terms for unmarried sex and public indecency , but these were suspended on appeal . Acors had been due to return last Friday but a hold-up in the deportation process meant he was unable to board a UK-bound plane and spent the weekend in jail , PA said . His lawyer Andrew Crossley said : "  The return of Vince Acors has been delayed yet again and he will not be returning to the UK . The situation is close to becoming farcical and Vince is severely disappointed . "  After having booked and confirmed his return flight on three separate occasions through the course of the day Vince was re-arrested at Dubai Airport , as his flight confirmation was allegedly not in order . He has been returned to jail , his precise return is now unknown . " Palmer and Acors were arrested on a public beach shortly after midnight on July 5 . Police charged them with illicit relations , public indecency , and public intoxication . A court found them guilty in October and fined them 1,000 dirhams  $ 367  for the charge of public indecency . Both denied they had intercourse . And during the trial , Mattar argued that the public prosecutor failed to produce corroborative evidence against his clients on the first two charges , though he said both tested positive for liquor . The United Arab Emirates , where Dubai is located , is home to thousands of expatriates and is among the most moderate Gulf states . Still , the oil-rich kingdom adheres to certain Islamic rules .	Michelle Palmer and Vincent Acors , faced three-month sentence The pair were arrested at a Dubai beach shortly after midnight on July 5 They were charged with with illicit relations , public indecency , public intoxication Although a relatively moderate Gulf state , Dubai adheres to certain Islamic rules
CNN  -- Russian President Dmitry Medvedev visits the Palestinian territories on a "  historic " trip Tuesday as part of his Middle East tour . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas welcomes him in Jericho in the West Bank , where the two are expected to hold a joint press conference . Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat called Medvedev 's trip a "  historic state visit " adding that "  the message to the world is that the Palestinians are ready for statehood and independence . " The Palestinian and Russian presidents will sign three agreements in agriculture , sports and communications . Medvedev will then inaugurate a new Russian art museum in Jericho . "  It 's a beautiful addition " to the city , Erakat told CNN . Erakat sees this visit as an important step towards achieving Palestinian independence , he said . "  This is our message to the world : Look at us . We are ready for a statehood , we are ready for independence , we are ready for freedom . " Russia was one of the first countries to recognise the Palestinian state and the Palestinians have full diplomatic representation in Moscow . Medvedev cancelled an official visit to Israel this month due to a strike by the Foreign Ministry employees who refused to organize the visit and threatened to disrupt the visit if it took place . Foreign Ministry workers have been striking since mid-December , demanding higher wages . Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor told CNN last week that the strike is harming Israeli interests , just as teachers ' strikes and hospital strikes do harm , but he blamed the finance ministry for ignoring the workers ' demands . "  They are not taking the strike seriously -- they are treating it as a playground strike , " he said . Israeli President Shimon Peres phoned the Russian president , apologized for the canceled visit , and thanked him for his involvement in the Middle East peace process . Medvedev accepted to Peres ' invitation to meet him at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Israel said .	The Russian president will open an art museum and sign agreements with the Palestinians Saeb Erakat says the visit shows the Palestinians are ready for statehood Medvedev had to cancel a visit to Israel because of a strike
Washington  CNN  -- Dueling scientists , a former trainer , friends and family are among the witnesses whose testimony a jury will consider as they decide if famed baseball pitcher Roger Clemens lied to Congress during an investigation of steroid use among major league players . The case against Clemens involves one count of obstruction of Congress , three counts of making false statements and two counts of perjury . He is not charged with illicit use of performance-enhancing drugs , but his denial of such use is part of the case against him . Federal prosecutor Courtney Saleski , in closing arguments Tuesday , told the jury Clemens "  wanted to protect his brand , he wanted to protect his livelihood , " in denying the use of steroids during a 2008 investigation by the U.S. House of Representatives into the problem . "  He did that at the expense of our Congress . He threw sand in their eyes . He stole the truth from them , " Saleski said . She said a guilty verdict would give that truth back to lawmakers . The Clemens defense team disputed whether the government has made its case , telling the jury all the evidence came through a former personal trainer , Brian McNamee , who had incentive to lie . "  You saw Brian McNamee , the only witness in the history of the world who says he gave or saw an injection of that man , " said defense attorney Michael Attanasio . "  One person in the entire world . " During closing arguments , the defense cited the lack of corroborating witnesses , which they said would be a basis for reasonable doubt against any conviction . "  McNamee defines reasonable doubt , " Attanasio said , because of perceived inconsistencies , retractions and corrections he made while testifying . After verbally providing instructions to the jury late Tuesday , U.S. District judge Reggie Walton sent the jury back to begin deliberations , while acknowledging they may only have time to select a foreperson before letting them go for the day . The trial has run longer than envisioned , and one juror was moved to alternate status Tuesday because of a fellowship in Germany for which he must depart next week . An alternate was then sent back to join the others . It took about eight weeks for the prosecution and defense to question 46 witnesses , and the most direct conflict came among expert witnesses as to how to interpret a collection of discarded medical items that allegedly link Clemens to steroid use . Soiled medical wrappings , cotton balls , drug vials and hypodermic needles that McNamee kept were interpreted differently by both sides . Witnesses for the government said genetic material linked with Clemens suggested it was impossible for McNamee to fabricate the evidence . But defense witnesses on the same topic said storage in a beer can for years allowed commingling and contamination of materials , making reliable conclusions impossible , and the evidence nearly worthless . "  If you have garbage at the start , you 'll have garbage at the end , " said defense expert witness Dr. Bruce Goldberger , who said his lab would refuse to test such materials without a solid basis for their storage and handling before analysis . Prosecution witness Dr. Cynthia Morris-Kukoski , an FBI toxicologist , said it is not up to the toxicology lab to make judgments about the materials submitted for testing , with their job only to determine the substances and any genetic identifiers involved . Former teammate and friend Mike Boddicker testified as to whether Clemens had ever accepted injections , providing an eyewitness account that he had . "  I think it was either 1989 or 1990 , " Boddicker said , referring to their time together with the Boston Red Sox , describing that he "  came into the training room , and saw Roger bent over the table with his pants down , getting a shot . " The vial , Boddicker said , was clearly marked "  B-12 " a substance said to provide a pick-me-up after a game or workout . This is the second trial for Clemens . A year ago , a mistrial was declared before the case reached the jury . The government 's lawyers played video evidence the judge had already banned . Prosecutors said it was an editing mistake , but the Clemens defense team suggested prosecutors were unprepared and had gotten off to a bad start . "  This was a mistake , a regretful mistake , " government attorney David Goodhand said in September in arguing for a new trial . But Walton blasted prosecutors for letting inadmissible evidence be shown . "  I would hate to believe they just blatantly disregarded rulings that I made , but it 's hard for me to reach any other conclusion , " Walton said , before rejecting a defense request that he dismiss the indictment entirely . After consideration , Walton then ordered the new trial . Several pretrial hearings this time included protests from defense attorneys that the prosecution was trying to take advantage of having heard the initial opening statement last summer by the defense . In the latest trial , defense attorneys expressed concern that prosecutors were trying to "  do over " certain efforts the defense may have refuted . Deliberations Wednesday were set to begin at 1:30 p.m.	Second trial involves 46 witnesses over eight weeks Jury will weigh opposing "  expert witnesses " on DNA evidence Clemens declines to testify in his defense
CareerBuilder.com  -- Dressing for work can be a battle , but only if you do n't know what you 're doing . The way you look and dress in the office makes a statement about what people can expect from you and how you feel about yourself . Here are five areas you should focus on when it comes to having great work style , from the viewpoints of both a man and woman . Remember , every company 's culture and dress code are different , so follow our advice as it applies to your workplace . 1 . Accessories She says : Every woman knows that accessories define what look you 're going for , whether it 's elegant , trendy or casual . If you put 100 women in a room together wearing the same black dress , no two of them would look the same . Why ? Because they would all accessorize differently . They 'd have to -- it 's how you set yourself apart from everyone else . This can be applied at work , too , especially if you work somewhere where everyone wears a different variation of the same outfit . As a general rule , limit yourself to 11 or fewer accessories , and always err on the side of caution and simplicity . If it 's excessively cute , big or loud -- just say no . He says : Men do n't usually wear as many fashion accessories as women , aside from a watch and perhaps a ring . Just remember to keep it simple . You should have more fingers without rings than with . And your watch should look professional , which means a leather band should n't be cracked or its silver links should n't be full of scratches . Pay just as much attention to your briefcase or laptop case . If your carrying case is leather , make sure it 's not cracked and falling apart . A cloth one should n't be covered in dirt or political buttons . 2 . Facial appearance She says : What 's that they say ? "  Beauty is in the eye of the beholder ? " While it 's true that beauty ca n't be defined , it 's also true that looking ridiculous can -- and that 's the last thing you want a client or colleague to think about you . When you 're choosing an outfit , you look for something that complements your features , right ? The same goes for your makeup , only on a more subtle level . Do n't wear red lipstick and leave the rest of your face bare . Do n't highlight your baby blues with 100 coats of mascara . And please , please -- leave the blue , turquoise , bright green  and all other jewel-tone  eye shadows for next Halloween . He says : For guys , facial hair is the real conundrum . Showing up to work clean-shaven is always appropriate . A well-groomed beard can look just as professional , but you have to be meticulous about keeping it trimmed or you risk looking like your chin is growing a Brillo pad . The in-between stages and styles , such as 5 o'clock shadows or week-old scruff , are fine for some workplaces and forbidden in others . Remember that you 're a regular person going to work , not a rock star going onstage . They can get away with looking like unkempt college students . If you ca n't find an explicit policy in the company handbook , take a cue from the other men in the office . 3 . Hygiene She says : I 'm not sure that this one needs too much explanation , so we 'll keep it simple : 1 . Please bathe , if not daily , at least every other day . 2 . Please wash your face . Your makeup never looks as good after it 's been slept in and reapplied as when you do it fresh every day . 3 . Please wash your hair , or at the very least , brush it . 4 . While we 're washing things , give those clothes a good scrub , too . 5 . Please brush your teeth , as no one wants to smell your morning-coffee/last-night 's - happy-hour breath . The bottom line is that , when given a choice , colleagues and clients will be more apt to interact with people who look neat and smell great . The last thing you want is to have your pungent aroma be the topic of water-cooler conversation . He says : Let 's assume you bathe and brush your teeth regularly -- if not , we 've got a whole separate set of issues . One important problem that continually plagues men is cologne : Go easy on it , please . I think everyone understands you 're trying to smell good , but do n't suffocate everyone with your fragrance , even if it is by a fancy designer . Many people are allergic to colognes , so skipping it altogether might not be a bad idea . If you do decide to dab a little on , keep it very light . Remember that just about everything is scented these days , so between your cologne , laundry detergent , fabric softener , hair product and deodorant , you 're a cornucopia of fragrance . 4 . Overall outfit She says : Women have several options when it comes to work attire and we should be grateful for that . What to wear to the office hinges on several things : your company culture and dress code , current trends , the climate and your personal style . What 's important is finding a style that works for you , your company and your budget . Whether it 's a pair of jeans with a white T-shirt , a blazer and a pair of pumps ; or a pencil skirt with a button-front shirt and pantyhose , your outfit is a reflection of your personality , which in turn can reflect your work style . Whatever you do , make sure your outfit is in line with the company dress code and whatever is on the day 's agenda . He says : Here 's a situation where men generally have fewer options than women . You can go dressy  a suit  , business casual  pants or nice jeans and a button-up shirt  or very casual  plain jeans and a tee  . Look at what others are wearing to see what you can and ca n't get away with at the office . If individuality is appreciated , feel free to be a little more daring than you would be if you were a trial lawyer . Even in a reserved office , a colorful pocket square or a bright tie can stand out and give you a little personality . What matters most is that you always appear pulled together and professional . In a relaxed business setting , even a plain black tee and jeans can look professional as long as they 're not wrinkled , ripped or ill-fitting . 5 . Shoes She says : Some might say that shoes are considered an accessory , but not this girl . If you ask me , your shoes make your outfit . The other day , for example , a woman in the elevator was wearing a short dress , fishnet-patterned pantyhose and a headband with a huge flower on the side . The kicker was her shoes : four-inch , patent-leather , peep-toe platforms that tied around her ankle with satin ribbon . With a few tweaks here and there , the outfit could have worked , but her shoes made her look like she belonged at a Halloween party or street corner instead of the office . Basic rule of thumb for shoes at work ? Pick something practical over something cute , and be careful when it comes to flip-flops and sandals . He says : Contrary to a woman 's ensemble , shoes rarely make a man 's outfit , but they can often break it . If you see a guy wearing a wrinkled suit and a tie with a big soup stain on it , you do n't remember what shoes he wore . But if you see a guy wearing an impeccably tailored Italian suit with dirty tennis shoes , you wo n't be able to forget the footwear . When going for a conservative , professional appearance , stick with basic black or brown dress shoes that are free of scuffs or caked mud . If your attire is more casual , just make sure your shoes are appropriate for that outfit , which might include funky tennis shoes for an employee at a laid-back marketing firm . What matters is that the shoes match your overall image and that they look clean . Even the most relaxed boss does n't want your work shoes to look like they 've run a marathon . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	How you dress for work should depend on the culture at your office She says : 11 or fewer accessories , save garish eye shadow for Halloween He says : Briefcase should be clean , not covered with political buttons Both say : Bad smells are a no-no -- either body odor or too much perfume
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  The questions Turks asked on Tuesday were tinged with fear . "  What 's going on ? What happened ? Why ca n't I get into the subway ? " asked an elderly woman in a white headscarf with several shopping bags as she stood outside the barricaded entrance to one of Istanbul 's busiest subway stations . She was one of millions of Turks left confused and concerned by the worst power outage to grip the country in more than a decade . Dozens of cities across Turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday . Millions of people were affected , including passengers stranded on paralyzed trains and subways . Municipal workers were forced to evacuate Istanbul 's Marmaray Tunnel , where the black-out left commuters trapped deep beneath the rushing waters of the Bosphorus Strait . More than 24 hours later , Turkish officials were still at pains to explain the power outage . The energy minister suggested a possible failure in transmission lines . The prime minister did not rule out the possibility of a terror attack . The mysterious collapse of much of the country 's energy grid triggered a burst of wild conspiracy theories across social media . Some Twitter users went so far as to suggest the black-outs were a warm up for elections scheduled to take place in June . There is fertile ground for rumor-mongering in Turkey . Over the last five years , security forces have arrested hundreds of army generals , journalists , prosecutors , civil society activists and police commanders and accused them of being members of assorted plots aimed at toppling the government . The government 's increasingly heavy-handed repression of public dissent , combined with overt censorship of the media and the internet , have also contributed to a hyper-polarized and deeply mistrustful political atmosphere . Even Turkey 's veteran deputy prime minister , Bulent Arinc , recently observed that opposition supporters now look at him "  with hatred " rather than the grudging respect he enjoyed when his political party first swept to power in elections in 2002 . Meanwhile , mysterious black-outs are a sore spot for some Turks , after a surreal 2014 incident on election night -- allegedly involving a feline saboteur . That is -- a cat that allegedly wandered into a power transformer . That was almost exactly a year ago , a smaller series of power outages affected some polling stations during nationwide municipal elections , prompting unsubstantiated accusations of vote rigging . The ruling Justice and Development Party ended up winning by a comfortable margin , but few Turks were reassured by the energy minister 's explanation that the voting day black-outs were caused by a cat getting lost . As electricity was just starting to come back on in Istanbul on Tuesday , a second crisis erupted . Websites linked to an extremist leftist militant group known as the DHKP-C began publishing chilling photos of a masked man holding a pistol to the head of a hostage in front of communist flags . Two gunmen had somehow infiltrated the Palace of Justice , the monolithic court house in the center of Istanbul . There they took hostage Mehmet Selim Kiraz , the prosecutor in charge of one of the most politically sensitive trials in the country . The gunmen demanded the confessions of police officers accused of shooting a tear gas canister at Berkin Elvan , a 15-year-old boy who was critically wounded during anti-government protests that raged across Istanbul in 2013 . The boy 's death after months in a medically-induced coma triggered a fresh burst of protests and riots against the government . On Tuesday , in the midst of the hostage crisis at the court house , the Turkish government imposed a gag order banning broadcasters from reporting on the Palace of Justice siege . The broadcast ban is a measure that the Turkish government has repeatedly used in recent years to stifle reporting on deadly terrorist attacks . The government also famously shut down Twitter and YouTube in an effort to kill highly embarrassing political scandals involving corruption . Ultimately , Tuesday 's court house siege ended in a deadly hail of bullets that left both gunmen dead and the prosecutor mortally wounded . Turkish officials say special forces raided the court house only after the militants began shooting . Online and in the streets , some Turks began linking the massive electricity blackouts to the hostage-taking inside one of Turkey 's best-protected buildings , even though there is little to suggest the two incidents are connected . Just hours after the shooting , tensions exploded yet again at the court house . Istanbul 's police chief had called for a press conference . As journalists jostled their way through security at the entrance to the largely deserted courthouse , some bystanders began chanting "  government thieves . " Just hours after a devastating lapse of security at the Palace of Justice , police began detaining the demonstrators hurling abuse at their elected government . The reactions to Tuesday 's bewildering series of events revealed several truths about contemporary Turkey . The country is tense and confused after years of back-to-back political crises . Heavy-handed censorship has left the mainstream media widely distrusted and discredited by broad segments of society . And the absence of a common , credible space for sharing information has pushed critics of the government to the fringes of social media . Amid the burst of optimism and civil society activism in the early heady days of the Arab Spring in 2011 , Turkey was often cited as a possible democratic model for countries in the Middle East . Many of those Arab countries have since descended into conflict , repression and instability . In the meantime , Turkey feels increasingly vulnerable to demons of its own making .	This week , Turkey was gripped by a massive power outage and a deadly hostage crisis Reactions reveal contemporary Turkey is tense and confused after years of political crises Censorship has pushed critics to fringes in country cited as democratic model for Mideast
San Diego  CNN  -- Normally , when an elected official has to make difficult choices , balancing ambition with practical concerns , it boils down to a personal decision . But when the official is a political rock star who might just be the first member of his community to become president , the whole decision-making process plays out in public . Take the case of Julian Castro , the San Antonio mayor who has now thrown political observers a curveball by accepting an offer from President Obama to join the Cabinet as secretary of housing and urban development . Castro has been talked about before as a potential 2016 candidate for vice president . The idea of his moving to Washington , if he 's confirmed at HUD , is sure to keep tongues wagging for the next couple years . It will also provide plenty of opportunity for unsolicited advice . It seems many people have an opinion on whether Castro has made a shrewd career move or derailed an otherwise promising political future . I 've known Castro for about 12 years , and he 's a friend . I want what 's best for him . I 'm just not sure this is it . Why should others care about this choice ? Well , for starters , because you ca n't begin to understand America in the 21st century without an appreciation for the footprint being left by 52 million Hispanics -- a demographic estimated to account for 25 % of the U.S. population by 2040 . Two-thirds of that population is Mexican or Mexican-American , and Castro is the most prominent politician they have . If there was any doubt about that , it evaporated when Obama chose Castro to give the keynote address at the 2012 Democratic National Convention and launched him as a national political figure . People should also care because , in the short term , Castro 's selection could energize Hispanic voters in time for the midterm elections and help efforts by Democrats to avoid losing more seats in the House or even to retain control of the Senate . It certainly puts Republicans -- who are already smarting from the beating they took from Hispanic voters in the 2012 election , and who have been trying to make amends -- in a tough spot . If they attack Castro during his confirmation hearing , they 'll inflame Latinos who will then turn the GOP into a pinata during the midterms . Finally , people should care because so much of our politics has become boring and predictable , and this surprise selection -- and Castro 's willingness to accept it -- is neither of those things . On CNN 's "  State of the Union with Candy Crowley , " pundits speculated about why a big city mayor would come to Washington midway through the second term of an unpopular administration . The answer , they agreed , may have something to do with the assumption that it might be hard for a Democratic presidential nominee to tap a mayor for a running-mate position coveted by governors and senators . The thinking is that , if nothing else , moving into the federal arena makes Castro more attractive to Hillary Clinton or whoever the party 's nominee in 2016 turns out to be . The 39-year-old would replace Shaun Donovan , who would move over to take the helm at the Office of Management and Budget . But why would Castro accept the nomination ? HUD is small potatoes . There are four major Cabinet posts : Treasury , Defense , State and Justice . On the prestige meter , HUD is much further down the list . Along with the Labor Department , it is one of those outposts in the federal bureaucracy where the minorities almost always end up in charge . There is no barrier being broken ; another San Antonio mayor , Henry Cisneros , in 1993 became the first Hispanic to be housing secretary . And Castro seems content in his hometown of San Antonio , a base from which he can fly around the country delivering high-paying speeches and where he 's finishing a memoir which had been due out next year and which may now be released even sooner . He has never struck me as someone who is desperate to go to Washington . And yet , now Castro is ready to start packing . The more I think about it , the more I think I understand why he feels compelled to make this move at this point in his political career . For one thing , Castro knows the subject matter . Big-city mayors deal with housing and urban development , along with economic renewal , on a regular basis . He 'll be comfortable at HUD . And it does n't hurt that , if Castro needs guidance , he can turn to Cisneros , a friend and mentor who knows the department very well , since he ran it for four years during the Clinton administration . For another , Castro 's political options in Texas -- a dependably red state -- are limited . He could run for re-election as mayor next year , and serve out what would be his final term until 2017 . Then what ? He could enter the private sector , and make a comfortable living practicing law , giving speeches , and writing books . But his political career would be over , just like those of many Texas Democrats before him . His decision to join the Cabinet is a wild card , but one that might just keep him in the game .	San Antonio Mayor Castro slated to head Housing and Urban Development department Ruben Navarrette says the move could better position him to be 2016 running mate He says Democrats could gain , and GOP could lose , points with Latino voters this year Navarrette : HUD secretary could turn out to be a dead-end job
CNN  -- An explosion outside a police station in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi on Saturday morning caused severe damage to the building , said the state news agency , LANA . No casualties were reported in the early morning attack , which shattered several weeks of relative calm for the city 's residents . Over the past year , Benghazi , the birthplace of Libya 's 2011 revolution , has been the scene of multiple attacks targeting security forces . Many of the attacks have been blamed on Islamist militants . On Friday evening , armed men attacked the headquarters of a government-affiliated militia in the city of Derna , about 120 miles  200 kilometers  east of Benghazi , killing one of its members , LANA reported . After the attack , a car bomb with more than 50 kilograms of explosives was found and defused , the news agency said . Western intelligence sources believe that Islamist militant groups some with links to al Qaeda are active in and around Derna . Earlier in the week , a car bomb carrying a large amount of explosives detonated outside the French Embassy in Tripoli , injuring two French security guards and a Libyan girl . There has been no claim of responsibility for Tuesday 's attack . After the French military intervention in Mali in January , there were fears militants could strike French interests in the region , including Libya , which has been struggling to impose security across the country since the 2011 revolution that ousted Moammar Gadhafi . Libyan officials said an investigation was under way to determine who carried out the attack on the embassy . The bomb also damaged surrounding buildings in a residential part of the capital . A team of French investigators has been in the Libyan capital collecting evidence and investigating the bombing . The French Embassy bombing followed a series of attacks last year that targeted foreign diplomatic missions and the International Committee of the Red Cross in Benghazi . The attacks are believed to have been the work of Islamist extremist groups with ties to al Qaeda . Last September , U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other Americans were killed in a militant attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi . After Tuesday 's bombing , the first targeting a foreign diplomatic mission in Tripoli , Libyan officials said security would be increased around such facilities . The high level of unease was evident when a bomb threat at a cultural event Friday evening led to its cancellation and the evacuation of the foreign diplomats in attendance . The Libya Movie Awards , an event organized by the European Union , the Italian Cultural Institute and the Libyan nongovernmental organization 1 Libya , was being held at a theater adjacent to the Radisson Blu Hotel in central Tripoli . In a news release on Saturday , organizers said they "  regret to announce the decision to postpone the First Edition of the Libya Movie Awards  LMA  in light of yesterday evening 's security threat . " The statement said the rest of the events scheduled for Saturday and Sunday have been postponed until further notice "  while insecurity persists " A management source at the Radisson Blu Hotel told CNN the hotel did not receive any threats and was functioning as normal on Saturday . A security official told the Libyan state news agency that security precautions were taken Friday after a member of the security forces guarding the hotel received a call from an unidentified person saying there was a car bomb in the vicinity . The official said security measures were taken immediately and the report appeared to be "  baseless . "	Explosion outside police station damages the building , reports state news agency Several attacks have been in Benghazi on security forces Benghazi is the birthplace of Libya 's 2011 revolution
CNN  -- Ten years ago this month , I stood on the U.S. Senate floor as our nation 's leaders debated the first major anti-terrorism legislation after the tragic attacks of September 11 . This legislation , which quickly passed Congress and became law , would allow the federal government , for the first time , to easily spy and collect data on innocent Americans . This law , the poorly named USA Patriot Act , and subsequent expansions of federal law enforcement power , would erode America 's freedoms and waste precious resources . Patriotism is about defending America 's moral character and celebrating what makes this country great . Unfortunately , this bad law did the exact opposite . I was an adviser to Sen. Russ Feingold , D-Wisconsin , the only senator who voted against that law . Fear and anxiety was abundant in the halls of Congress in those early days and weeks , and understandably so . My colleagues and I had experienced two terror attacks in one month -- first the September 11 attacks and then the anthrax mailings that forced many Senate employees , including myself , to take potent medication for weeks and closed an entire Senate office building for three months while it was fumigated . Washington would be on edge for months to come . I know what it feels like to be worried about safety . But I also know that we lose when our nation changes its fundamental character , when neighbors no longer trust neighbors and when government wastes precious resources . That is why I want my government targeting actual threats , not innocent Americans . During the last decade , Muslim Advocates has found the FBI has increasingly focused its powers on law-abiding citizens , not based on criminal behavior , but based on race , ethnicity and religious or political beliefs . Our report , Losing Liberty : The State of Freedom Ten Years After the Patriot Act " found , and the ACLU has also reported , that the FBI targeted entire communities , specifically Muslims , Arabs , South Asians and Middle Easterners , sowing fear and mistrust among all Americans . So where are we 10 years later ? Today , the FBI can show up at your work , unannounced , to interrogate you about an article on political events you post on Facebook , or seize information about your phone calls , e-mails , internet activity and medical and banking records -- all without a shred of evidence that you 've engaged in criminal activity . Government agents can stop and interrogate you at the border as you seek to re-enter the United States , asking questions like "  Do you pray ? " "  What mosque do you attend ? " or "  Why did you convert ? " Donating $ 100 to a charity to help the needy can lead to questions simply because it is a Muslim-run charity . Today , it is difficult to find an American Muslim who has not had one of these encounters with law enforcement , or knows someone who has . But it 's not just the Muslim community . Journalists , professors , and anti-war activists have been targeted for surveillance , questioning and sometimes investigations by law enforcement based on their speech or political beliefs and activities . Little is publicly known about the full scope of the FBI 's activities . Much of it is shrouded in secrecy . But we do know that , according to one former senior FBI counterterrorism official , the FBI conducted nearly 500,000 interviews of Muslim and Arab males from 2001-2005 , and not a single one of those interviews led to information that would have allowed the government to detect or prevent the 9/11 attacks . Think about that : For every hour an agent spent talking to someone who had nothing to do with terrorism , that was one hour less spent tracking down a real threat , in this case at least 500,000 hours in four years alone not spent on actual criminals . We also know that the FBI has trained its agents that growing a beard , frequently attending a mosque or wearing traditional Muslim attire reveal extremism . This ignores that the 19 hijackers never grew beards or wore traditional Muslim attire while in the United States and that certain individuals , such as Faisal Shahzad and Colleen LaRose , never frequented a mosque . The FBI should be focused on evidence of criminal activity , not targeting law-abiding Americans . This is not the America our founders envisioned , and certainly not the beacon of liberty our nation aspires to be . America is at its best when we overcome fear and face our challenges together as one people , one nation . On this 10-year anniversary of the Patriot Act , it is time for Congress to act with courage . Congress should amend the law to require law enforcement to focus on actual threats , and should conduct a full public accounting of the use of the Patriot Act and all federal surveillance powers that target Americans based on their race , faith or political ideology . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Farhana Khera .	Farhana Khera : Patriot Act allows federal government to spy on innocent Americans For 10 years , she says , FBI has targeted citizens based on race , faith , and politics Khera : FBI can question you about a Facebook post , or spy on your emails , internet , records Act erodes freedoms , sows fear and mistrust , and needs to be changed , she says
CNN  -- A single-engine airplane made an emergency landing on a California highway Sunday morning , though no major injuries were reported , authorities said . The Piper Comanche 260 carrying a married couple landed on the southbound lanes of U.S. Highway 101 . The Piper Comanche 260 carrying a married couple landed on the southbound lanes of U.S. Highway 101 just outside Santa Barbara and a few miles from the airport , said California Highway Patrol spokesman Officer James Richards . The plane 's engine quit , and as the pilot descended , he lost control of the plane and landed in the southbound lane facing oncoming traffic . The plane struck two vehicles while landing , then spun and hit another one with its tail , Richards said . One vehicle passenger was treated for minor injuries , he said . No other injuries were reported . The landing happened at 10:36 a.m.  1:36 p.m. ET  and held up traffic for less than two hours , Richards said . He added that the plane had departed Temecula in southwestern Riverside County , California , and was destined for the airport in Santa Barbara , a flight of about 180 miles . The pilot told authorities that he attempted to switch fuel lines during the flight , but was unable to restore power to the plane . He said he alerted a tower at the airport that a landing on the highway was imminent , Richardson said .	Piper Comanche 260 carrying a married couple landed on U.S. Highway 101 Plane 's engine quit , pilot lost control ; landed in south lane facing oncoming traffic Plane struck two vehicles while landing , then spun and hit another one with its tail
Editor 's note : Brian Levin is director of the Center for the Study of Hate & Extremism at California State University , San Bernardino . Jack McDevitt is the director of the Institute on Race and Justice and Associate Dean in the College of Criminal Justice at Northeastern University . Both have testified before Congress in support of federal hate crime legislation and are co-authors of a book on hate in America , due to be published next year . Brian Levin says a new federal hate crime law is needed to combat violent incidents of bias . SAN BERNARDINO , California  CNN  -- America needs a coordinated and multifaceted response to combat the continuing scourge of violent hate crime like the crime committed at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum on June 10 . The Matthew Shepard Hate Crimes Prevention Act , originally introduced by Sen. Edward Kennedy a decade ago and nearly passed during the most recent legislative session , is expected to go before the Senate for a vote soon . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder testified on its behalf Thursday before the Senate Judiciary Committee . It is a crucial step in the nation 's evolving response to hate crime . A hate crime occurs when an individual intentionally targets a victim or their property because of his or her actual or perceived race , color , religion , national origin , ethnicity , gender , gender identity , disability or sexual orientation . While some have argued that these kind of laws criminalize free speech , the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously ruled in the 1993 case , Wisconsin v. Mitchell , that well-drafted hate crime laws are constitutional and do not punish speech . Rather they enhance the penalties only for acts that are already considered crimes . The act is named for Matthew Shepard , a 21-year-old gay college student who was kidnapped , robbed , tortured and left to die , tied to a fence in a remote area outside of Laramie , Wyoming in October 1998 . His mother Judy has been a tireless advocate for hate crime laws and victims . The Shepard Act remedies legal loopholes in federal and state criminal law that fail to protect against bias-motivated attacks based on such characteristics as sexual orientation , gender , gender identity and disability . It also removes antiquated "  Klan era " language that forces federal prosecutors to tie violent racial attacks to a small number of activities such as participating in a jury , voting or using hotels . As recent events have indicated , today 's violent hate offenders , unlike their predecessors , will often swing into brutal action on their own initiative without waiting for a victim to exercise a specific activity covered by old 1960s laws . However , much of the act 's potency lies not in what it punishes , but rather in its recognition of the primary role local authorities now play in combating hate crime . Nearly all hate crime investigations and prosecutions in the United States are handled by state and local authorities , such as the Boston Police or Washington , D.C. , Metropolitan Police . Gone are the days where masses of federal agents and soldiers had to swoop into states to protect new students and freedom riders from thugs in Klan-dominated municipalities . The act has a clear bias in favor of local prosecution and has restrictions that require federal prosecution only in limited cases where the leadership of the DJ approves . However , reporting data indicates that some states apparently provide limited assistance to hate crime victims . These jurisdictions report either zero hate crimes or a handful of crime to the FBI , year after year , while neighboring states with similar demographics and crime profiles report far more . A 2005 Bureau of Justice Statistics victimization study found that only a small fraction of hate crimes nationally are actually reported . Thus , there appear to be various instances where federal help or prosecution are still necessary . Today , in the midst of our economic downturn , federal authorities are needed much more to assist cash-strapped local departments , not as an unwelcome occupying force , but as a desperately needed partner to assist with forensics , technical assistance and investigations . Even in police departments with model hate crime investigative units , such as the Boston Police Department 's Community Disorders Unit , modern cases increasingly involve interstate travel or Internet hate networks , and require sophisticated ballistic and DNA testing or computer forensics . These measures may be beyond the capacity of many local police agencies , particularly in difficult economic times . The act also provides greater access to local communities for federal training programs and mediation services that can prevent hate crimes before they boil over into violence . Our research has established that hate crimes are a qualitatively unique category of offenses . Compared to non-bias motivated crimes these crimes are more likely to involve violence , injury , hospitalization , psychological trauma and a greater risk of retaliatory attacks , which can often spill across municipal borders . And while we can not say whether hate crimes overall are actually increasing , there does appear to be an increase in the most violent hate crimes . In 2007 , hate-motivated homicides claimed nine lives , up from three in 2006 , and the last year has seen a steady stream of violent plots and attacks against symbolic targets by hardened hate-mongers . Since the beginning of the year we have seen many examples of extremist crimes . Here are a few : Brockton , Massachusetts : January 21 -- White supremacist Keith Luke 22 , allegedly kills two , rapes one , and shoots another while en route to a synagogue to kill Jews . Miramar Beach , Florida : February 26 -- Dannie Baker , 60 , a man known for anti-immigrant rantings , allegedly shoots 5 , killing two Chilean immigrants . Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania : April 5 -- Neo-Nazi Richard Poplawski , 22 , agitated over the belief that President Obama would ban guns , allegedly kills three police officers during a domestic violence call . New York : May 20 -- Four Muslim converts are arrested on federal charges relating to a plot to bomb Jewish and military targets . Pima County , Arizona : May 30 -- Leaders of the Minuteman American Defense group allegedly kill a 29-year-old Latino man and his nine-year-old daughter in an attempt to steal drugs and money to finance their civilian border patrol group . Washington : June 10 -- Holocaust denier James von Brunn , 88 , allegedly kills a security guard at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum . Two national research reports released last week document a disturbing level of supremacist activities and overall violence against a broad range of groups . Another report from the Southern Poverty Law Center counted a record number of 926 hate groups in the United States last year . But there is something more to hate crime 's harms that can not be completely captured by statistics or criminological studies . As the Holocaust Museum attack demonstrates , hate crimes threaten pluralistic democracies in a way that other crimes do not . Unlike many other crimes , they are at once discriminatory and terroristic . As law professor James Weinstein observed : "  The effect of Kristallnacht on German Jews was greater than the sum of the damage to buildings and assaults on individual victims . " Violence and threats that destabilize the bonds between citizens and the democratic institutions that they share are worthy of additional punishment and federal assistance . Moreover , victims of hate-motivated violence are entitled to legal protection no matter where they reside . That is why over two-thirds of the American public favor hate crime laws , and why the Senate should heed their call to pass the Shepard Act . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brian Levin and Jack McDevitt .	Levin , McDevitt : Senate to vote on Matthew Shepard hate crime bill They say loopholes in existing laws require new legislation They say bill would provide federal help to localities fighting hate crime Levin , McDevitt : Hate crimes target pluralistic societies along with victims
