North Korea is dangerously close to crossing a line . Not the line that leads to a missile attack on the United States , but the one that separates being a rogue state from being a parody of a rogue state . Pyongyang 's bluster is as comical as its nuclear threats are implausible . This does not mean the United States should take the threats lightly . As Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has explained , when a country with a big army and nuclear weapons starts getting reckless , it is irresponsible to dismiss the possibility that it would actually do something insanely self-destructive . But the bigger concern has to do with why North Korea is rattling its saber . The reason may reflect more on the United States than we care to acknowledge . It is possible that North Korea is threatening America because it thinks that there is little cost in doing so , that the United States is less likely to strike back than ever before . It may well be acting out a scene from one of those old Hollywood movies that Kim Jong Un 's father , the batty Kim Jong Il , used to love . In those Westerns , there was often a moment when some wannabe gunslinger , a crazy kid , challenges an old cowboy with a much bigger reputation . He does so to lift himself up . But he also does n't think the old guy has it in him to pull the trigger anymore . Opinion : North Korea is not suicidal If America 's enemies think that we are shrinking away from crises , that rhetoric and nonintervention are now our standard operating procedure , that would indeed be worrisome . And the idea is not unknown in international circles . A senior Middle Eastern diplomat suggested to me several months ago that because the United States has pulled out of Iraq and is pulling out of Afghanistan , and has been so reluctant to be drawn into Syria even as horrors and the regional threat mount there , America 's enemies are starting to conclude we have "  gone soft . " A former top U.S. government official , a career guy who has served both Republicans and Democrats , told me he 's worried that President Barack Obama is sending the message that he does n't believe in Madeleine Albright 's famous view of the U.S. as "  the indispensable nation . " What the United States appears to be willing or unwilling to do is often more important to world affairs than what we actually do . More often than not , our posture is our policy . Opinion : An accident , then war with North Korea ? This does n't mean the United States will make the world safer by adopting the recklessness of the first term of George W. Bush 's administration . That , too , produces unintended consequences . But we do have to be careful about how our sensible restraint translates into other languages . If situations such as Syria make us look too timid about needed intervention , it can be as dangerous and provocative internationally as when tin-pot troublemakers such as Kim Jong Un bang the table and cry for attention . That said , when the kid in those old Westerns tries to take out the fastest gun in the West , it usually ends badly for him . Were North Korea to misread America 's restraint as a lack of resolve , it wo n't survive the response it triggers . Obama has shown that when the threat is most urgent he does not hesitate to act , whether it means deciding to double down in Afghanistan , increasing the number of drone and special operations missions against terrorists , getting Osama bin Laden or bringing down Moammar Gadhafi . America may not be as aggressive as it has been in the recent past , but Obama 's record -- the surfeit of caution regarding Syria aside -- suggests it would be a fatal error to test this cool hand in the White House . Opinion : Kim Jong Un is not crazy America 's troop and weapons movements in recent days are a welcome clarification to those who doubt the country will protect its national interests wherever they are actively challenged .	David Rothkopf : Pyongyang 's bluster comical and implausible , but it must be taken seriously He says enemies may mistakenly believe U.S. caution on intervention means it 's "  soft " He says more often than not , U.S. posture is policy , but testing resolve would be error Rothkopf : Obama has shown that when threat is most urgent he does not hesitate to act
CNN  In matters regarding Nigeria , the international community seems to be learning from experience . Why galvanize support for a government that then exercises its sovereignty by not backing up that support ? Why effuse sympathy on people who themselves seem to care so little ? When more than 200 girls were in April 2014 kidnapped by Boko Haram terrorists from their school in Chibok , the international community rallied around Nigeria . From Michelle Obama to Alicia Keys to Malala Yousafzai , personalities from across the globe lent their voices to the #BringBackOurGirls social media campaign . This response contrasted greatly to the relative apathy which followed what has been described by Amnesty International as Boko Haram 's deadliest attack -- the massacre of up to 2,000 mostly women and children in Baga town of northeast Nigeria last week . At about the same time that the Baga bloodbath was making headlines around the world , the international community was rallying around France in support against the terrorist attacks on the Charlie Hebdo newspaper offices in Paris , giving rise to the #JeSuisCharlie social media campaign . A simultaneous #IAmBaga social media campaign has failed to gain much steam . The Igbo proverb points out that a man can not expect you to both marry a wife for him and then buy the new couple a bed on which to sleep . Similarly , a country is expected to take responsibility and set sail with the winds of global support . France 's President Francois Hollande was addressing the world 's media and showing leadership within minutes of the attack . His government 's efforts to hunt down the terrorists were broadcast for all the world to see . Nigeria 's President Jonathan , on the other hand , waited two weeks before even offering a word on the Chibok kidnappings . So far , he has said nothing about Baga . However , President Jonathan has issued a statement condemning the Paris attacks . Perhaps it is not that the Nigerian government does not care about its own people . Perhaps they simply want to spare us the repetitiveness of their public statements and condemnations : "  The perpetrators of this dastardly act shall be brought to book " . "  No stone shall be left unturned " . "  God will punish them and their families " . But who cares about words and worn-out clichés ? Action is what the Nigerian people need . One year on , the fact remains that -- despite predictions that they would be released imminently -- the more than 200 missing girls have still not been found . The Boko Haram perpetrators , rather than cowering under the fire of the Nigerian armed forces , have become bolder . More women and girls have been kidnapped . Boys have been kidnapped . Communities in the northeast of Nigeria are being raided and razed on an almost weekly basis . It is also possible that the Nigerian government 's incertitude is being misconstrued as sluggishness or inaction . Maybe they do not believe that things are as bad as is being widely reported by the international media . Last year , President Jonathan 's wife , Patience , openly queried the veracity of the missing girls report . This week , the Nigerian defense ministry insisted that fewer than 150 lives were lost in the Baga attack , as opposed to Amnesty International 's quoted 2,000 . Some Nigerians I 've listened to have also expressed their doubts about the 2,000 figure . They believe that , similar to the World Bank 's assertion that more than 67 % of Nigerians are living in poverty , the Baga reports are all part of the international community 's grand conspiracy to taint Nigeria , to make our country look bad . They insist that the international media , in their quest to excavate bad news from "  Africa , " have simply latched on to an unverified casualty figure . Unfortunately , the Nigerian media -- presumably not part of this grand international conspiracy -- are unable to provide us with enough alternative information . They are too busy covering the preparations for the forthcoming elections scheduled to take place in February . Political rallies are beamed live on local TV and radio stations for hours every day . Photographs of grinning politicians are splashed on newspaper front pages every morning , their latest pronouncements and promises stealing all the headlines . Current affairs programs and opinion pages are consumed with the adulation or derogation of either President Jonathan or his main contender at the polls , General Muhammadu Buhari . Baga and other such will clearly have to take a back seat until after the elections . Nevertheless , the ongoing carnage in Nigeria 's northeast will definitely be a determining factor in the outcome of the February elections . A recent snap poll by Nigeria 's NOIPolls  which partners with the U.S. 's Gallup  identified security as one of the key issues that Nigerians want their president to focus on in 2015 . I suspect that those Nigerians who believe the relatively popular theory in certain ethnic circles that the rise in Boko Haram attacks are being orchestrated by unknown forces who want President Jonathan out by all means , will vote to keep him in -- just to prove a point to his enemies that their vicious efforts did not work . Others who feel that Jonathan is simply insensitive and incapable of handling the crisis will probably vote Buhari . Whatever happens at the polls , Nigeria has to at some point face the Boko Haram issue squarely -- even after the international media frenzy around the group 's latest attacks has died down , as it surely will . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .	Up to 2,000 people in northeast Nigeria killed in Boko Haram 's worst ever attack in early January Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani : Nigeria 's government has expressed more sympathy for the Paris terror attacks than the latest massacre within its own borders
CNN  -- Seven-time champion Michael Schumacher will reach the 300-race milestone when he competes in this weekend 's Belgian Grand Prix at Spa Francorchamps . The 43-year-old German is the second driver in F1 history , after Brazil 's Rubens Barrichello , to achieve the feat and will be hoping for an upturn in his fortunes in his Mercedes . A superb podium finish at the European Grand Prix has been mixed with retirements in six of 10 races this season and Schumacher is confident he can turn it around on his favorite circuit . "  Spa is like my living room ; for me , it 's clearly the number one race track in the world , " Schumacher told the official F1 website . "  It 's uncanny how I always seem to have special moments there -- my debut , my first win , a world championship victory and many great races . "  We delivered a good performance in Spa last year ; I 'll be doing everything possible to drive a strong race , " he added . Schumacher 's first appearance in F1 came at Spa in 1991 for Jordan before he moved to Benetton to win successive titles in 1994 and 1995 . He switched to Ferrari the next year and won five further titles with the famous marque before retiring in 2006 . His return in 2010 with Mercedes has not seen him add to his 91 GP wins , but he remains determined to carry on competing . "  I 'm proud to be just the second driver in the history of the sport to reach this milestone , " he said . Barrichello made 326 Grand Prix appearances before retiring at the end of 2011 . The Belgian Grand Prix sees the main contenders for the title lock horns again after the mid season break with Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso leading the way with nine races remaining .	Michael Schumacher racing in his 300th Grand Prix this weekend Schumacher hoping for good performance in Belgian GP at Spa Seven-time champion says circuit is the "  number one " in the world He made the podium for Mercedes at this year 's European Grand Prix
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesia will withdraw from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries at the end of the year , the country 's energy minister told foreign journalists Wednesday . Indonesia has become a net importer of oil due to declining production levels . Purnomo Yusgiantoro said the move follows declining oil production levels in Indonesia that have left the country a net importer of oil . "  In the future , if our production  comes  back again to the level that gives us a status as a net oil exporter , then I think we can go back to OPEC again , " he said . "  But today we decided that we are pulling out of OPEC . " It was not immediately clear what effect Indonesia 's decision will have on global oil prices . However the move was not unexpected . Indonesia , which joined OPEC in 1962 , is the only southeast Asian country in the 13-nation oil cartel . Oil production there has steadily decreased in the last decade because of disappointing exploration efforts and declining production , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . Since 1996 , total production has dropped by 32 percent . The country 's current output quota for crude oil as set by OPEC is 1.45 million barrels a day -- well above its production capacity . In 2006 , Indonesia imported more oil than it exported . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report	Indonesia to withdraw from OPEC at end of the year , energy minister says Purnomo Yusgiantoro says Indonesia more of an oil consumer than producer Low production means Southeast Asia 's only OPEC member is net oil importer
CNN  -- In the beginning was a word , sketched on a legal pad . And the word was Status . That was the working title used by programmer Jack Dorsey in 2000 , when he designed the service that was to become Twitter six years later . An urban-design geek , Dorsey envisaged a city full of people buzzing short messages at each other the way taxi dispatchers and bike messengers do . Where are you ? What 's up ? What 's your status ? Today , five years after its inception , Twitter 's status seems in flux . On the one hand , it is a vibrant virtual metropolis beyond Dorsey 's wildest imaginings . It has garnered 200 million citizens from every corner of the world , yet manages to be more orderly and simple than that noisy Facebook megalopolis down the road . There are no annoying Mafia Wars notifications here , no targeted ads , no anxiety-producing friend requests -- nothing but real-time messages from whomever you 're interested in , be they Lady Gaga or the girl next door . On the other hand , all is not well in Status City . This week 's cover story in Fortune warns that Twitter usage appears to be flatlining . One hundred million of those citizens are absent altogether , and Twitter.com has fewer visitors per month -- about 20 million -- than MySpace , according to comScore . The company has a steady hand on the tiller in new CEO Dick Costolo but lacks a visionary product leader  Dorsey is equally focused on his next company , Square  . It still suffers from irritating outages and is n't turning a profit . And as CNN reported on Wednesday , UberMedia , the company behind mobile Twitter apps like Echofon , is planning to build a rival microblogging network , one that may shun the famous 140-character limit . So are the buzzards circling over Status City ? Should tweeters head for the hills or prepare to move to a competing town with fewer regulations ? In a word : no . The city that Jack built is a lot more robust -- and unrepeatable -- than it may seem . First of all , let 's look at those numbers . They vary wildly according to which service you use and how you slice them . Quantcast says there has been a 50 % jump in Twitter usage in the past five months . Most of that is overseas : Google Analytics says international traffic has risen 83 % in the past year . And because so many people are tweeting on their mobile device or third party app , the Twitter.com numbers are incomplete and misleading . But even if we take the extremely conservative estimate of 20 million hardcore Twitter users , that ai n't chopped liver . It 's a phenomenal achievement for a 5-year-old company . These devotees could fill New York and Los Angeles combined . They ensure a neverending stream of news of every kind , perfectly customizable to your needs . You may be overwhelmed in Status City , but you will never be bored . No other service , not even Facebook , gives the impression of immersing you in a global conversation , a fact that becomes abundantly clear any time there is a natural disaster , revolution or major sporting event . As Costolo frequently says , the service has barely reached 1 % of its potential . A hardcore elite of 20 million-plus also represents an unassailable lead over would-be competitors like UberMedia . Many have tried , such as Jaiku  bought and then abandoned by Google  and the now-defunct Pownce . But this is n't a medium like TV , where many channels can succeed . This is more like a network where Twitter itself contains all the channels . Barring Twitter doing something phenomenally stupid , like charging users for the service , why would you change the dial ? Indeed , the only successful fellow microblogging services thus far are the ones that build layers on top of Twitter , such as Stocktwits , or open-source additions like Identi.ca . Be they gated communities or anarchic communes at the edge of Status City , they all need the vibrant metropolis itself in order to thrive . And what of that 140-character limit ? Far from being a problem , it remains Twitter 's greatest asset , as much as a tiny minority of users may chafe against it . In urban terms , it is the stop-light system that keeps traffic flowing -- and allows everyone to get a word in edgewise . Art thrives on constriction . Screenwriters and poets have long known that if something is worth saying , it 's worth saying as briefly as possible . With Twitter , the rest of the world is finding that out . Call it the democratization of writing . Anyone can enter the elite of Status City and gain thousands of followers , if they have the wit for it . In short , the ability to churn out interesting tweets has become a much-admired skill -- the ultimate 21st-century status symbol .	Five years after its inception , Twitter 's status seems in flux -- but it 's actually doing just fine Quantcast : There has been a 50 % jump in Twitter usage in the past five months No other service gives the impression of immersing you in a global conversation
Editor 's note : This story originally appeared on CNN.com on October 20 . Barack Obama mentioned Ann Nixon Cooper on Tuesday in his presidential victory speech . Ann Nixon Cooper , 106 years old , lived during a time when blacks and women did not have the right to vote . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Ann Nixon Cooper , 106 years old , has seen presidents come and go in her lifetime and has outlived most of them . On a sunny fall morning , she left her weathered but well-kept Tudor home in Atlanta , Georgia , to vote early -- this time for Barack Obama . The African-American centenarian remembers a time not long ago when she was barred from voting because of her race . Now she hopes to see the day that Obama is elected as the nation 's first black president . "  I ai n't got time to die , " Cooper said with a smile . "  Even if he did n't win , I was happy for him just to be nominated , " said the former socialite . "  The first black president -- is n't that something , at 106 years old ? " Watch Obama say ` Yes we can ' " At the Fulton County government center , Cooper was greeted by Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin . "  I thought that I would accompany her today to support her , but also to say to all people that this is a choice we have , " Franklin said . "  As all Americans , we should cherish the right to vote and take every opportunity we have to vote our opinions . She is an inspiration to me personally , but she is also quite an inspiration to all Atlanta . " Watch Cooper talk about her life and experiences " Cooper , in a wheelchair and helped by two caretakers , bypassed the long lines of early voters and headed right to the voting machine . Her 106-year-old hands reached out to the 21st-century touch screen to cast her vote for Obama . Back at her home , surrounded by the elegance of a bygone era , Cooper clutched the photo albums laid out on her dining room table . The longtime socialite and community leader has called Atlanta home since the 1920s . See images of Cooper 's day " She and her late husband , prominent dentist Dr. Albert Cooper , raised four children in this house . "  Our days and nights were just social affairs , " she said . The home was a center of Atlanta 's black society and the scene of many parties . Celebrities , including the late singer Nat King Cole , dropped in to visit . "  It 's been a house with a heap of living going on in it , " said Cooper . She wears a charm bracelet that former U.S. ambassador to the U.N. and Atlanta Mayor Andrew Young gave her when she turned 99 . "  He adds a charm every year , " said friend and caretaker Sally Warner . "  Andy says he will have to apply for a loan soon to keep up with Mrs. Cooper . " Cooper danced the electric slide up until the age of 103 . She has recently slowed down after suffering several heart attacks and a fractured hip . On a typical day , Cooper spends hours watching television in her wood-paneled sitting room . "  Her favorite show is ` The Price is Right , ' although she is getting used to Drew Carey as the new host , " said Warner . Other favorite shows include "  Oprah " and "  Dancing with the Stars . " When the weather is nice , Cooper spends afternoons on her screened porch , watching traffic go by and reminiscing about old times . Occasionally she leaves the house for an outing . Cooper was born in Shelbyville , Tennessee , in 1902 . She grew up in Nashville with uncles and an aunt who worked as a domestic for wealthy whites . She married Albert Cooper in Nashville in 1922 , and the couple moved to Atlanta . Three of Cooper 's four children have died ; her surviving daughter is 83 . She has 14 grandchildren living and many great-grandchildren and great-great-grandchildren . When asked about the secret to her longevity , Cooper said , "  I do n't know how it happened , but being cheerful had a lot to do with it . I 've always been a happy person , a giggling person -- a wide-mouthed person ! " To young people , Cooper offers this advice : "  Keep smiling . No matter what , you get out and vote . Vote your choice . "	106-year-old votes for Barack Obama ; "  Is n't that something ? " she asks Ann Cooper remembers an era when women , blacks were not allowed to vote Centenarian was socialite , community leader in Atlanta 's black society Cooper 's advice to younger generation : Be cheerful , get out and vote
Mashable  -- Technology issues might not be the most pressing topic facing Paul Ryan -- Mitt Romney 's running mate -- as he campaigns for the White House . In fact , given the state of the economy and the other high-level issues facing the country , it 's unlikely that Ryan or any of the other national candidates will be asked substantial questions about technology policy in the coming months . However , even if Ryan does n't get asked a single question about technology or the Internet , it 's still possible to glean some of his positions from his voting record and prior interviews . Here , we have done just that . Stop Online Piracy Act & Internet piracy The Stop Online Piracy Act , or SOPA , was almost universally vilified by those in the tech community . Ryan never co-sponsored the bill , but that did n't stop rumors from circulating that he supported it . Eventually , Ryan was at least partially forced to make a statement on the bill by pressure from a group of anti-SOPA Reddit users who either found his stance vague or believed he supported the bill . That group began "  Operation Pull Ryan , " a grassroots effort to support Ryan 's opponent in an upcoming Congressional race . Soon after the Reddit group began gaining momentum , Ryan announced his opposition to SOPA , saying that it would create "  the precedent and possibility for undue regulation , censorship and legal abuse . " He added that the Internet is "  one of the most magnificent expressions of freedom and free enterprise in history " and it should "  stay that way . " He did , however , add that Internet piracy was a "  legitimate problem . " The opponent supported by the Redditors , Rob Zerban , declared his opposition to SOPA and did an "  Ask Me Anything , " a form of crowdsourced interview for which Reddit has become famous . Later , Zerban credited the Redditor 's efforts to get Ryan to commit to an anti-SOPA stance . "  Reddit was able to force the House Budget Chair to reverse course -- shock waves will be felt throughout the establishment in Washington today , and other lawmakers will take notice , " wrote Zerban . Net neutrality Net neutrality , the idea that Internet networks should n't distinguish between the types of traffic carried across them , is a contentious issue in Congress . Many liberals feel it would prevent Internet Service Providers from slowing the web services of competitors , while many conservatives believe it interferes with the free market by regulating private industry . Ryan , a conservative Republican , falls into that latter camp . In 2006 , he voted against a Democrat-sponsored amendment that would have established network neutrality as law . Last year , Ryan voted for a House resolution disapproving of FCC regulations mandating that any traffic management on the part of ISPs be "  reasonable " -- a step towards net neutrality . Open government Ryan , who has an active online presence , is a proponent of open government and a fan of technology 's impact on governance : "  When I started in Congress it was 90 % paper , 10 % electronic , now it 's 90 % electronic , 10 % paper and constituent correspondence is up tenfold , " said Ryan of technology 's impact on the relationship between voters and elected officials during an interview at Facebook . " -LSB- Technology and social media -RSB- strips away the intermediary that media plays between people and their government . It gets rid of that middleman and allows people to interact directly with their elected officials . The flattening of that process has been tremendously helpful to those of us who want to hear what people think . " Is it important to you that the president and vice president share your opinion on technology issues ? Do you want Ryan , Romney , President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden to directly address their stances on tech policy ? Share your thoughts in the comments . Read the original article on Mashable © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	It 's possible to glean some of Paul Ryan 's positions on tech issues from his voting record and prior interviews Ryan publicly opposed SOPA , although he added that Internet piracy was a "  legitimate problem " He voted against an amendment that would have established network neutrality as law
CNN  The mother called 911 to say her 5-year-old boy shot his baby brother with a paintball gun . But it was n't a paintball gun . It was a .22 - caliber Magnum revolver . And the 9-month-old boy did n't survive . Authorities are trying to figure out what led to Monday 's shooting in Elmo , in the northwest corner of Missouri . "  At this point foul play is not suspected , and it appears at this time that the shooting was accidental , " the Nodaway County Sheriff 's Office said . Sheriff Darren White told CNN affiliate KCTV that the baby was in a playpen when his brother found the gun lying around a bed . When emergency crews arrived , they found the infant had been shot in the head . The child was flown to Children 's Mercy Hospital in Kansas City , Missouri , where he was pronounced dead , the station reported . Authorities say the gun belongs to a relative , but not the mother . Police are investigating the gun 's ownership , KCTV reported . The mother 's other three children are with relatives , according to the station . The sheriff said guns are rampant in the rural community . "  We are big supporters of firearms around here , " White told CNN affiliate KETV . "  We have a lot of people that own weapons . They hunt . They target shoot . ... Most people are very safe with them , and this is one of those cases where everything went together in the wrong way . " He added , "  We got some guys that work here that have little kids of their own . ... This kind of hits home with them , too . They take it personally . " Though they say the shooting was accidental , authorities have not determined whether charges will be filed against any adult in the case . At least one nearby resident told KCTV she believes the shooting could have been easily prevented . "  You know , just some gun safety could have come into play , and would have maybe , you know prevented the situation , but it 's just really sad , altogether , " neighbor Jessica Hutchison said . According to Project ChildSafe , gun owners should lock unloaded weapons in a safe , vault or cabinet inaccessible to children . Gun locks should be used in addition to safe storage , and ammunition should be locked away separately from any firearm . Parents should also teach their children that if they find a gun in a house , they should leave it where it is and tell an adult , even if the weapon resembles a toy , the advocacy group says . Monday 's incident is the latest in a series of high-profile shootings involving children . Among them , a 4-year-old girl killed her cousin , also 4 , in Detroit while playing with a gun found under a bed last January , a 9-year-old accidentally killed a shooting instructor in August while firing a submachine gun at an Arizona range and last month a 2-year-old fatally shot his mother in an Idaho Walmart after finding a gun in her purse . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Police investigating gun 's ownership , station reports The shooting appears to be accidental , sheriff 's office says The 5-year-old found the gun lying around a bed , KCTV says
The United States offered extensive assistance beyond drone strikes during a massive anti-terror operation in Yemen , including flying Yemeni commandos to a site where they killed scores of suspected al Qaeda members , a U.S. official said . U.S. Special Operations troops wore night-vision gear and flew Yemeni forces to a remote , mountainous spot insouthern Yemen , according to a senior U.S. official . The Yemeni helicopters that the U.S. personnel flew were Russian-made , which helped to minimize the U.S. footprint during the operation . Once there , Yemeni commandos engaged suspected members of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the U.S. official said , who added that no Americans took part in actual combat on the ground . This same official identified the American personnel involved as special operations members , who are among the most elite and clandestine in the U.S. military . The official said the United States aided Yemen 's government in other ways as well during the multiday operation , which resulted in the deaths of at least 65 suspected terrorists . CIA drones are suspected to have targeted al Qaeda fighters , weapons locations and a training camp . The latter is near where about 100 suspected members of the terrorist group met recently , according to video that 's appeared on jihadist websites and produced worries that the group could be plotting new attacks . In the middle of that video , the man known as al Qaeda 's crown prince , Nasir al-Wuhayshi , appears brazenly out in the open , greeting followers in Yemen . Al-Wuhayshi is the No. 2 leader of al Qaeda globally and the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , which is considered the most dangerous al Qaeda affiliate . In a speech to the group , al-Wuhayshi makes it clear that he 's going after the United States , saying : "  We must eliminate the cross . ... The bearer of the cross is America ! " On Tuesday , Pentagon spokesman Adm. John Kirby declined to detail the U.S. government 's involvement in this and other aspects of the latest anti-terror operation , though he did highlight its partnership with Yemen . "  We continue to work with the Yemeni government and the Yemeni armed forces to help them improve their counterterrorism capabilities inside the country , " said Kirby . "  That work continues , and it will continue . " DNA tests are being conducted to determine if one of the most well-known members of that group -- bomb-maker Ibrahim al-Asiri -- is among the dead , according to Yemeni officials . A high-level Yemeni government official told CNN that al-Asiri is among those suspected to have been killed in a firefight Sunday between militants and Yemeni forces . DNA test results are not due for several days , the official said . These comments are the first public acknowledgment that al-Asiri could be among the dead . Even as that possibility is being examined , U.S. officials said they have no confirmation that al-Asiri is among those killed in an operation that did n't directly target him . Yemen strikes may target top al Qaeda leaders Opinion : Obama 's high-stakes drone war in Yemen	Official : U.S. special operations forces flew Yemeni commandos via helicopter The Yemeni forces went to a remote spot in south Yemen to engage terror suspects At least 65 suspected al Qaeda members were killed in the overall operation Yemeni officials : DNA tests are being done to see if Ibrahim al-Asiri is among dead
Washington  CNN  -- It was a crowning achievement , but he was n't sure that he wanted to be there . He was n't sure he could make it through the speech without running out of the House chamber in panic . And he did n't know how many of his country 's leaders cared . Matt Cooke wore his camouflage combat uniform , surrounded by lawmakers , innovators and a few celebrities , and he stepped into a room that would hold the world 's greatest concentration of power per square inch for an hour or so . But the everyday hero just wanted to get through the State of the Union on Tuesday night . His seat was next to the door , just in case . The much-coveted invitation came because of his heroism on November 5 , 2009 , when he stopped by the Soldier Readiness Processing Center at the sprawling Army base at Fort Hood , Texas . Moments after military psychiatrist Nidal Hasan opened fire , Cooke threw himself on top of another soldier , likely saving that man 's life but taking five bullets himself . His wounds still affect him . His eyesight may deteriorate for the rest of his life . But as Cooke looked out from the House chamber balcony Tuesday night , the biggest potential issues were his mind and fears . "  I do n't like being by myself , " he said earlier before the event , pausing . "  I do n't trust , it 's hard for me to trust people now . " Cooke was honored to be at the Capitol , of course . But logistics dictated that the shy , blue-eyed veteran had to sit with strangers .  Each member of Congress got one ticket .  And he did n't like that . Cooke needs to be around people he knows . And after he survived the massacre in the middle of a U.S. Army base , he has a hard time trusting security anywhere . The increased measures at the Capitol actually added to those concerns , raising the idea that this place was especially threatened . But the unassuming man came anyway , battling his post-traumatic stress disorder-instincts out of gratitude to his hometown congressman , Republican Robert Pittenger of North Carolina , and to push for what he believes is long overdue recognition for the victims of Fort Hood . "  The Department of Defense says it was workplace violence , " Cooke relayed hours before the State of the Union , sitting on a window bench tucked into a House office building stairway . "  It was a terrorist act ... to me , it seems they 're trying to cover it up , almost as if it never happened the way it did . " There are multiple issues here . Under the "  workplace violence " designation , benefits are lower than if the attack were considered terrorism or part of an active conflict . Victims and families face lower disabled income or death benefits . Thirteen people were killed at Fort Hood . A softer Republican side in response to Obama Cooke spoke with determination on this . "  It 's not about the money for me . It has nothing to do with the money , " he said . He wants the families to be recognized , for victims to be able to receive purple hearts for their wounds and be afforded all honors appropriate to that at a military burial . But Cooke and his family believe the vast majority of Americans do n't know about their continued battle . And that Congress is happy to move on . "  There is a bill , H.R. 3111 , to declare Fort Hood a terrorist act , but Congress ... , " he shakes his head . "  September Eleventh at the Pentagon was a terrorist attack , but this , no . " Hasan was convicted last August in a military court of murder and attempted murder . A jury recommended a death sentence . Thirteen people were killed at Fort Hood . A U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent who was preparing to deploy to Afghanistan , Hasan admitted to targeting soldiers . He said at one point that he wanted to protect the Taliban and its leaders from the U.S. military . Comprehensive coverage : State of the Union Investigations after the massacre found he had been communicating via e-mail with Anwar al-Awlaki , an Yemeni-American radical cleric killed by a U.S. drone attack in 2011 . Cooke 's foot taps as he talks about it , but otherwise his bearing was deeply calm . Almost tired . His injuries rewrote his life . A marriage failed . He is no longer allowed to drive . And he lives with his mom , Diane Frappier , and stepdad , Jerry Frappier . The couple sometimes ca n't get the 34-year-old to leave his room . "  Before  coming to Washington  , he spent three days in his bedroom , " Diane Frappier confided . "  He was really nervous . " That bedroom is a safe place , he thinks . The Capitol is not . To help , Diane and Jerry made the road trip with their son . They stood next to him during interviews . Walked beside him down Capitol Hill 's hard marble hallways . For Diane , the trip is a part of her son 's recovery and his mission now . "  I think it 's time for some of his story to come out , " said Diane , who is as feisty and confident as her son is humble and careful . This is the first time Matt Cooke has ever heard a State of the Union address . But frankly the speech was not his main interest . He was at the Capitol to represent people who served the military , suffered at the hands of a gunman and who now feel overlooked . When asked what he hopes for himself , the 13-year veteran gave an answer of recovery . "  I do n't know . Right now , I 'm hoping for today , " he said . And , it turns out , the day was good . In the teeming House chamber , Cooke saw the unexpected -- the face of fellow Fort Hood survivor Alonzo Lunsford , just a few seats away . Cooke knew his friend was in town , but not where he 'd be during the speech . The room felt better . He made it . He did n't need to run . And he could listen as the President and Congress honored another surviving soldier -- Sgt. Cory Remsburg . High up in the balcony , off camera , Matt Cooke soaked in the wave of cheers . "  It was a pretty good night , " he said .	Veteran Matt Cooke , a survivor of the Fort Hood massacre , attends State of the Union He suffers from post traumatic stress disorder and wonders if Congress cares Fort Hood hero just wants to get through the day Cooke wants Fort Hood to be identified as an act of terrorism
OPRAH.COM  -- Here 's a little fact of life that took me by surprise : Roughly 23 million women in this country are 40 to 49 years of age and about 6,000 of us turn 50 every single day . We are a thoroughly undefined constituency . Some of us are what the wonderful Wendy Wasserstein used to call "  bachelor girls , " some of us are married , and a lot of us have had trial separations that seemed to go just fine ... at least for the husband  with the struggling rock band  , who went on to become the ex-husband  with the thriving law practice  . Many of us have demanding kids or aging parents or a little of each . We juggle jobs , mortgages , student loans , and cancer treatments with low-fat diets , low-impact aerobics , low-grade depressions , a strong sense of irony , a dark sense of humor , and a full-bodied cabernet . We are tired . We are very tired -- we 've thought seriously about penciling in a nervous breakdown for ourselves , but we 've been through everything the world has to throw at us so many times that it 's damn near impossible to get nervous about much of anything . Despite  or perhaps because of  all the coulda , woulda , shoulda moments that have come and gone , we 've learned how to have a good laugh , an impromptu party , and an impure thought  or two  on a semiregular basis . We consider our options , our alternatives , our exit strategies . We take notes , we plan ahead , but we always leave room for serendipity . We are an entire generation of women who are making up our lives as we go along . Oprah.com : What Oprah has learned though the years I know that it 's human nature to want to glorify the past and preserve it in a delicious , if often inaccurate , cotton-candied haze . But the truth is that part of me  that would be the part of me that now needs an underwire bra and a pair of Spanx  really does miss my 20s . I still had that new car smell . I still thought terrorism would stay confined to the other side of the world . On the home front , I still kept standing up for brides  as if they needed my assistance to stand  while waiting politely for it to be my turn . And because it never occurred to me that my turn would n't come , I devoted an inordinate amount of time to trying to decide whether my wedding gown should be white or ecru -- by the time I hit 35 , I 'd have been okay with paisley . The Web had not gone mainstream when I was in my 20s , so any surfing I did  and coming from Detroit , that was n't much  was in the ocean . And I grant you , my rearview mirror might be a little bit rose-tinted , but if memory serves , those oceans were fairly clean . Come to think of it , the glaciers were glacial , the bees were alive and well , a can of tuna did n't require a warning from the surgeon general , and the climate was n't making any sudden moves . Color me crazy , but I 've always been a sucker for a nice solid layer of ozone parking itself between me and a death ray . I 'm also a great believer in time off for good behavior . I crave solitude . I like being unreachable once in a while , and in those days it was no big deal if somebody could n't track you down for half an hour . You see , in the 1980s , we did n't know from e-mail or cell phones or Facebook or GPS , and a BlackBerry was nothing more complicated than a healthy treat that was high in antioxidants -- only guess what ? Nobody had ever heard of antioxidants . I did n't need a baby aspirin every night or a Lipitor every morning . And I swear to God  that 's another thing , God was still around when I was in my 20s  , the closest anybody seemed to come to a genuine eating disorder was picking at a mixed green salad on a blind date until it was okay to go home and scarf down the contents of your refrigerator . But before I start turning into my great-uncle Saul , who never fails to tell me how he could 've bought the entire Upper East Side of Manhattan for $ 225 back in 1936  "  when an ear of corn still tasted like an ear of corn "  , let me say this : As much as I miss those days , I 'm delighted and relieved to be done with being young . One quick glance in the mirror is all I need to know that time is most definitely a thief . Wait , strike that : One glance and I usually think I 'm holding up pretty well -- it 's upon closer inspection , that moment when I take a deep breath , put on my glasses , and turn up the dimmer switch , that I 'm reminded gravity is not my friend . But if time has robbed me of a little elasticity and a lot of naïveté , it 's left a few things in their place . Thanks to nearly 48 years at the big dance , a million mistakes , and one extraordinary psychiatrist , I 've finally achieved the occasional touch of clarity . I 'm getting to be resourceful . I 'm getting to be resilient , and I hope that on my better days , I 'm getting to be a little more calm , a little more contemplative , a little more compassionate . Oprah.com : How to make your midlife matter Sometimes I think being middle-aged is n't about learning a lot of new lessons so much as learning the same old ones again and again . Here are a few of the lessons I keep learning : • It is never a good thing when a shrinking portion of the population controls a growing portion of the money . It tends to make incredibly decent , hardworking , middle-class people sort of jumpy , and the next thing you know Kirsten Dunst is playing Marie Antoinette in a Sofia Coppola extravaganza . • Anyone who looks okay in ochre will look even better not in ochre . • War and famine bad , James Franco and spaghetti carbonara good . • What does n't kill me does not make me stronger . It makes me anxious , bitchy , and vulnerable ... but nobody wants to see that embroidered on a pillow . • This is n't exactly an old lesson I keep learning , but given that I 'm lucky enough to have my own column , I 'd like to use it to set right an unfortunate mistake . Remember a few years ago when we all got together and decided that sleep was the new sex ? I 've come to believe that we were dead wrong . What do you say we make actual ouch-you 're - on-my-hair , did-you-hear-the-baby , jeez-that-was-my-eye , messy , intimate , life-affirming , really , really fun sex the new sex ?! Because here 's the thing : Between the economy , the environment , and the powder keg that is Pakistan , nobody 's getting any sleep anyway -- so as long as we 're all lying there wide awake ... • Dorothy Parker was a genius . She wrote a gem of a poem called "  Indian Summer . " It 's very short , but I 'm low on space , so I 'll just cut to the end : But now I know the things I know , And do the things I do ; And if you do not like me so , To hell , my love , with you ! Bravo , Ms. Parker . And , finally , deep into my 40s , I could n't agree with you more . By Lisa Kogan from O , The Oprah Magazine , February 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Columnist Lisa Kogan heads toward 50s with fond look back at younger years Back then , she still had her "  new car smell " and could enjoy solitude Says women in her generation are tired , considering scheduling a breakdown But since no one is sleeping these days , she 'd like life-affirming , really fun sex
Garissa , Kenya  CNN  First came the gunshots . Then the footsteps , as Al-Shabaab militants followed her into her dorm room . Cynthia Cheroitich went into a closet , covering herself with clothes . Her two roommates hid under their beds , until the gunmen called them out . "  The gunmen  told them if you do n't know to read to them in the Muslim word , whatever , and then you lie down , " Cheroitich told CNN . "  And then , if you know , you go to the other side . " The 19-year-old student at Kenya 's Garissa University College did n't see what happened next , but she heard more than enough . "  They were shooting everywhere , " she said . "  I did n't want to open my eyes . " For the next two days , Cheroitich did n't budge . Unable to get to water , she hydrated by drinking body lotion . When police went into her room -- well after the carnage was done , with 147 dead at the school -- she did n't believe them . Only a visit by the head of the university convinced her that , finally , it was safe to come out . "  I was scared so much , " she recalled . Cheroitich 's survival story , which she recounted to CNN on Saturday , is a rare bright spot in what has been a horrific week in Garissa , a town about 90 miles from the Somali border , and throughout Kenya . It is all due to Al-Shabaab , the Islamist extremist group that is based in Somalia but has n't confined its terrorism to there -- as evidenced by Thursday 's university attack and the 2013 siege of Nairobi 's upscale Westgate Mall . Saturday , the terrorist group warned that more carnage is coming as it promised "  another bloodbath " in Kenya . The threat drew a sharp response from Nadif Jama , the governor of Garissa county . "  The fallacy and satanic mindset of Al-Shabaab is that in Somalia , they kill Muslims and Somalis , " Jama said . "  They cross the border here and then say they are killing non-Muslims . That is a tricky way of doing business . " Jama said the militants were "  bent on nothing but destruction " and aimed to sow division between Muslims and non-Muslims . "  But that is something we need to fight , " Jama said . Police in Garissa on Saturday paraded the bodies of men they said had carried out the attack . The corpses -- locked in a macabre embrace and partially wrapped in an orange tarp -- were piled on the back of a pickup truck and driven to a primary school soccer pitch for viewing . A large crowd gathered , despite the baking sun and foul stench . The truck drove up next to the onlookers , so that they could inspect the bodies . Anger seethed in the crowd . "  These gunmen , they killed innocent children . We want to burn these people , " one man told CNN . Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta also had some harsh words Saturday for Al-Shabaab , as well as any those who supported them . Five arrested in Kenya attack In a nationally televised speech , Kenyatta said the nation 's fight against terrorism "  has been made all the more difficult by the fact that the planners and the financiers of this brutality are deeply embedded in our communities and were seen previously as ordinary , harmless people . " Kenyatta condemned "  corruption of the worst and most criminal kind  when  Kenyans ... finance , hide and recruit on behalf of Al-Shabaab . " "  There is no form of legal penalty , social shaming and godly condemnation that they do not deserve , to the fullest extent , " the President said . Describing Al-Shabaab as an "  existential threat to our republic , " Kenyatta urged his fellow Kenyans to "  tell those that believe a caliphate is possible in Kenya that we are one indivisible , sovereign and democratic state . " "  That fight will never change , " he added . "  Our forefathers bled and died for this nation . And we will do everything to defend our way of life . " Kenyatta declared three days of national mourning for the victims of the attack . Inside Garissa University College dorm 's scene of slaughter Christian Purefoy reported from Garissa . CNN 's David McKenzie , Jethro Mullen and Jessica King contributed to this report .	Bodies of suspected gunmen paraded in front of crowd in Garissa Kenya 's President slams those who finance and support groups like Al-Shabaab Al-Shabaab threatens "  another bloodbath " in Kenya
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court on Monday tossed out a provision in Arizona 's voter registration law that required proof of citizenship . The 7-2 majority said the state 's voter-approved Proposition 200 interfered with federal law designed to make voter registration easier . The state called the provision a "  sensible precaution " to prevent voter fraud . Civil rights group countered that it added an unconstitutional and burdensome layer of paperwork for tens of thousands of citizens . Justice Antonin Scalia said the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 "  forbids states to demand an applicant submit additional information beyond that required by the federal form . " But in a nod to state authority , he said the federal law "  does not prevent states from denying registration based on any information in their possession establishing the applicant 's eligibility . " The appeal was a classic federalism dispute , on the often delicate line between conflict and cooperation between state and federal governments over enforcing voting procedures . During last year 's election , there were numerous court challenges to state voter identification laws at the polls . The current fight has produced a range of states , lawmakers and advocacy groups on both sides on the gateway issue of registration . The Obama Justice Department opposed the Arizona law , which went beyond what other states have done to ensure integrity in the registration system . Arkansas governor rejects voter ID measure Retired justice Sandra Day O'Connor , an Arizona native , was among those who attended the spirited April oral arguments . National Voter Registration Act Justice Anthony Kennedy a year ago blocked the Arizona law from being enforced , while the high court decided internally whether to accept pending appeals for review . The ballot measure was passed in 2004 and has been lingering in the federal courts ever since . The Constitution 's Article I says "  the times , places , and manners of holding elections for senators and representatives shall be prescribed in each state by the legislature . " But Congress is also given the power "  to make or alter such regulations . " Federal lawmakers did just that , passing the National Voter Registration Act two decades ago , which has since been called the Motor Voter Law , designed to streamline election participation . It requires states to have any application for a driver 's license treated also as a voter registration -- the "  motor voter . " And it requires states to "  accept and use " mail-in and in-person applications . A federal Election Assistance Commission was created to produce a nationally uniform voter application form , which states must use . Any extra state instructions , or "  add-ons , " must be approved by the commission . The question was whether certain extra instructions are permitted , and just how the federal from must be respected in the first place . The majority said the mail-in postcard was presumptive evidence of registration and of qualification . Would-be voters would check off a box attesting they are a U.S. citizen , then sign the form under penalty of perjury . The state said they had prosecuted cases of noncitizens registering to vote . Dissenting justices In a dissent , Justice Samuel Alito said the majority produced "  truly strange results . " "  What is a state to do if it has reason to doubt an applicant 's eligibility but can not be sure that the applicant is ineligible ? Must the state either grant or deny registration without communicating with the applicant ? Or does the court believe that a state may ask for additional information in individual cases but may not impose a categorical requirement for all applicants ? If that is the Court 's position , on which provision of the NVRA does it rely ? The Court 's reading of -LSB- federal law -RSB- is atextual and makes little sense . " Justice Clarence Thomas produced a separate dissent . But Scalia and his six colleagues said that if the state were allowed to impose the additional requirements , "  the federal form ceases to perform any meaningful function , and would feeble means of increasing the number of eligible citizens who register to vote in elections for federal office . " Registration problems Among those bringing suit was Jesus Gonzalez , a public school employee in Yuma , Arizona , who tried to register to vote the day he became a citizen . His application was twice rejected when his separate naturalization and driver 's license numbers were improperly "  red-flagged " by state databases that initially indicated he was a noncitizen . The Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , which helped bring the original lawsuit against the state regulations , said 31,000 potential voters had their applications rejected in the two years after the Arizona law took effect . MALDEF said 90 % of those were born in the U.S. . The group 's Nina Perales said voter registration drives at county fairs , church services and similar venues have dropped , since many potential voters do n't bring the necessary citizenship documents -- like a birth certificate -- to these community events . One estimate found a 45 % reduction in Maricopa County , the state 's largest county and the seat of Phoenix , the capital . The ACLU said about 13 million people nationwide lack documents proving their citizenship , and it praised Monday 's ruling . "  This decision reaffirms the principle that states may not undermine this critical law 's effectiveness by adding burdens not required under federal law , " said Laughlin McDonald , of the group 's Voting Rights Project . "  In doing so , the court has taken a vital step in ensuring the ballot remains free , fair , and accessible for all citizens . " The Obama administration said that if the provision in Arizona 's law were allowed to continue , it would create a mishmash of regulations across the county . "  Each state could impose all manner of its own supplemental requirements beyond the federal form , " Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. said . What supporters have to say But Proposition 200 supporters say the state needs the power to keep illegal immigrants and those ineligible to vote in the U.S. from getting a ballot . "  The integrity of our nation 's elections suffered a blow today from the Supreme Court , " Tom Fitton , president of the conservative Judicial Watch , said Monday . "  This issue takes on increasing urgency with the prospect of 11 million illegal immigrants being given amnesty . It is essential that our elections be secured by ensuring that only citizens register to vote . " Some Arizona activists agreed . "  I believe we must go out of our way to protect the integrity of America 's elections , to avoid the fraud we see regularly in other nations , and which if not checked will rise up here in the United States , " said Russell Pearce , a former state Senate president , who helped spearhead Proposition 200 's passage . "  It ought to be common sense that proof of citizenship be required for voter registration , especially given the concrete evidence we 've seen that illegal aliens are indeed both registered and voting . But common sense and America 's judicial system do n't always see eye to eye , and this is one area we 'll just have to keep working . " O'Connor has a professional stake in the current high court fight . As a retired justice , she can sit on lower appeals court cases , and she was part of a 9-2 majority to rule in 2010 that Arizona 's citizenship requirement conflicted with federal law . The Supreme Court case is Arizona v. Inter Tribal Council of Arizona  12-71  . A summary of major upcoming Supreme Court decisions	In a dissent , Justice Samuel Alito said the majority produced "  truly strange results " 7-2 majority says the state 's voter-approved Proposition 200 interfered with federal law The state called the provision a "  sensible precaution " to prevent voter fraud Civil rights group said it was unconstitutional and burdensome for tens of thousands of citizens
CNN  -- When Albert Budacz was young , he prided himself on having good eyesight ; he never wore glasses . But as he eased into his late 40s , he could n't see as well . "  I noticed a change in my vision , " he explained . "  Primarily in church when I would open a Bible , or something like that , I had to position myself under a light to see it . " Ophthalmologist Dr. Sharon Solomon examined Albert Budacz and found age-related macular degeneration . Concerned that he was beginning to lose his sight , Budacz went to his ophthalmologist , Dr. Sharon Solomon with the Wilmer Eye Institute at Johns Hopkins . He was found to have the beginnings macular degeneration , an eye condition that occurs when the central portion of the retina -- called the macula -- begins to deteriorate . Until recently , people with age-related macular degeneration , the leading cause of severe vision loss in Americans older than 60 , had few treatment options . But now , thanks to new research and advancing technology , there are more vision-saving choices . Early signs of macular degeneration-related vision loss include shadowy areas or fuzzy distortion in a person 's central vision . "  A patient told me recently that he noticed when he was driving that the streetlights were slanted ; the poles themselves were slanted , " Solomon said . "  That 's a classic sign of the beginning of this disease . " Although obesity , smoking , high blood pressure and certain drugs can cause it , age is the primary risk factor . "  As people approach their 50s and later , they may have little yellow deposits that develop underneath the retina , and that 's called drusen , " Solomon explained . "  Those deposits are the hallmark of what we call early age-related macular degeneration . " There are two forms of age-related macular degeneration , or AMD : the dry form , known as non-neovascular , and the wet form , called neovascular . The dry form , which Budacz has , is more common . According to the National Eye Institute , about 85 to 90 percent of patients with advanced macular degeneration have the dry form . Dry macular degeneration is caused when drusen begin to accumulate in and around the macula . Drusen , those yellowish deposits , are debris from deteriorating tissue . With dry AMD , there is usually a gradual loss of central vision . Over a period of years , dry AMD can progress to a gradual deterioration of retinal cells , which can result in severe vision loss or lead to the wet version of AMD . As of now , there is no FDA-approved treatment for dry macular degeneration , although a few drugs and devices are in clinical trials . Health Minute : Watch more on new therapies for macular degeneration " However , studies have shown that supplements and a healthy diet can slow the progression of dry macular degeneration . A recent National Eye Institute study found that certain nutrients such as beta carotene  vitamin A  and vitamins C and E may reduce the risk of progression of early-stage AMD by 25 percent . Solomon says these antioxidants have a positive effect . "  They 're known as ` preservision , ' " she said , noting that they are commonly given to certain patient groups to slow their progression to advanced macular degeneration . Other research has shown that B6 , B12 and folic acid may help prevent age-related macular degeneration . In a study of more than 5,000 women , researchers noted those who took a combination of B6 and B12 vitamins along with a folic acid supplement had a 34 percent lower risk of developing AMD then those taking a placebo . Although the studies showed strong results , the American Academy of Ophthalmology cautions patients to talk to their eye doctors about which supplements are best for their condition before they start popping vitamins . In the wet version of macular degeneration , abnormal blood vessels grow beneath the retina and leak blood and fluid . This leakage causes permanent damage to light-sensitive retinal cells , which die off and create blind spots in central vision . Doctors say it 's the body 's misguided way of attempting to supply the retina with more nutrients and oxygen . Instead , the attempt creates scarring , leading to severe central vision loss . Up until recently , there 's been very little doctors could do for the wet form of macular degeneration . But over the past decade , there have been a few treatments developed to slow its progression . Cold lasers are now used to freeze the abnormal blood vessels responsible for destroying the macula ; they have a 60 percent success rate . And within the past three years , researchers pinpointed a protein in the eye , called vascular endothelial growth factor , that stimulates the development of blood vessels . Injectable drugs that inhibit VEGF are now FDA-approved and available ; without VEGF , there is little to encourage the growth of blood vessels in the retina . "  They actually have a 90 percent chance of stabilizing vision and a 30 to 40 percent chance of improving vision , " Solomon said . "  This is the first therapy that we 've had that can actually -LSB- reverse -RSB- vision loss . " Most ophthalmologists prefer an ounce of prevention to a pound of cure . They promote yearly eye exams as the easiest way to keep macular degeneration in check -- and warn against waiting for a crisis to schedule a checkup . "  We typically pick up a patient when , all of a sudden , they 've had an acute , abrupt loss of vision or change in the quality of their vision , " Solomon said . "  And sometimes it 's too late . " Albert Budacz was lucky . He caught his macular degeneration in time . He 's stopped smoking and takes antioxidants to slow the progression of the disease . And although he may not have the eyesight he had as a young man , he can still see pretty well with or without glasses . And to him , that 's all that matters .	Age-related macular degeneration causes central vision loss Age is primary risk factor ; other factors : obesity , smoking , high blood pressure Two forms of AMD : wet and dry ; until recently few treatments were available Injections containing anti-growth factor can slow progress of wet AMD
CNN  -- African football has been left reeling following the tragic deaths of two players in two days over the weekend , both while appearing for their clubs . On Saturday , Nigerian striker Endurance Idahor collapsed on the pitch and died on his way to hospital while playing for Al Merreikh against Al Amal in a Sudanese league match . The 25-year-old fell to the ground after a minor collision with a rival player and local media later reported that the player had suffered a heart attack . Idahor finished as top scorer during his first season in Sudan and scored 118 goals in 176 appearances for Al Merreikh . Meanwhile , on Sunday , teenage central defender Bartholomew Opoku collapsed while playing for Ghanaian side Kessben in their league clash with Liberty . The 19-year-old was rushed to hospital but passed away on Monday , with the cause of death still unknown . "  It 's a massive tragedy and the whole club is in shock . There was no hint he was unwell , " the BBC Web site quoted Kessben spokesman Fred Acheampong .	African football has been left reeling following the tragic deaths of two players Nigerian striker Endurance Idahor collapsed on the pitch and died in a match in Sudan Teenage defender Bartholomew Opoku collapsed while playing for Ghanaian side Kessben
CNN  -- A U.S. serviceman was among six victims of an early morning shooting at a Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , strip club Wednesday , officials said . Unidentified gunmen entered the Amadeus club in the border city across from El Paso , Texas , just after midnight and fatally shot six men , Chihuahua state attorney general 's office spokesman Arturo Sandoval said . An additional person was injured , he said . Two of the victims were identified as employees of the strip club , a waiter and a security guard , the spokesman said . Another was identified as an American citizen and member of the U.S. Air Force , Sandoval said . A statement from Holloman Air Force Base , near Alamogordo , New Mexico , confirmed that the airman was based there , and identified him as Staff Sgt. David Booher , 26 . The gunmen appeared to have targeted the victims , Sandoval said . "  Everything indicates that these people were looking for these men , " he said . Investigators recovered more than 30 shells from the scene . Because of drug-related violence , particularly in border cities , Juarez is considered off-limits for the U.S. military . At Fort Bliss in El Paso , for instance , a memorandum prohibits its soldiers from traveling into the Mexican state of Chihuahua , where Ciudad Juarez is located . More than 2,000 killings have been recorded in Juarez this year . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas-Nazario , Mike Mount , Dave Alsup and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Air Force Staff Sgt. David Booher shot with 5 others in Ciudad Juarez Gunmen appeared to have targeted the victims , Mexican spokesman says Juarez is considered off-limits for the U.S. military because of drug violence
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The floodlights , corporate boxes and big screens at sports stadiums are all massive power sappers - but there 's an increasingly popular technology which is chewing more energy than ever before . Power-sapping technology : lighting rigs , like these ones installed at Telstra Dome are used to help grass growth . The culprits are giant lighting rigs . The rigs are being adopted by football stadiums across Europe and the United Kingdom to encourage grass growth , but they 're creating a significant footprint in doing so . So , who 's using the most power ? English Premier League football superpower Arsenal could have one of the worst carbon footprints in the region as its home ground is believed to use the biggest set of lighting rigs in the United Kingdom . The club has been accused by environmental groups of using enough energy to power a small village in order to grow the grass on their home pitch . The team 's state of the art Emirates Stadium , which opened in 2006 , boasts a set of 12 lighting rigs with huge sunlamps that run most of the year providing sufficient light to keep the turf growing and in a healthy condition . The rigs , which have more than 600 light bulbs , have come under heavy criticism from environmental groups , who say they are "  irresponsible . " What do you think of grass lighting rigs ? Do you think they are useful or a waste of energy ? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below -- we 'll publish the best . Purchased for more than $ 1,400,000 from Netherlands-based business Stadium Grow Lighting Concepts , the rigs can cover almost half of Arsenal 's home ground at a time . The lamps contain sensors on the pitch to determine how many hours of light the grass needs in order to stay green . Similar lights are used at seventeen other venues around the United Kingdom . Liverpool 's Anfield ground has 10 lighting rigs , and Cardiff 's Millennium Stadium uses nine . In comparison , Wembley uses four , while Manchester United use just three rigs , at Old Trafford -- but there are plans to expand this . It 's not just in the United Kingdom these lighting rigs are proving popular . The Telstra Dome in Sydney , Australia , earlier this year purchased 15 lighting rigs to improve grass growth at the venue . Other projects have been implemented across football grounds in Germany , Greece , the Netherlands , Spain , Russia , Ireland and Qatar . Another major power sapping technology at Emirates Stadium is the air ventilation system below the turf , which is powered by a huge fan that helps keep the grass in ideal condition . The system 's pipe-work is in the gravel bed below the turf , and above a heating system . The ventilation can work in two directions . In one direction , it provides aeration through the gravel bed and through the root zone to promote growth . Reversing the air system can provide drainage from the root zone down to pull moisture away from the surface . But , there is hope these stadiums can reduce their energy consumption . While football stadiums in Europe and the United Kingdom are making environmental blacklists -- one stadium in the U.S. has entered the "  green list . " The Washington Nationals ' new baseball park that opened earlier this year became the first LEED  Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design  certified stadium in the United States . In order to earn the certification , the park was fitted with energy-saving light fixtures , water-conserving plumbing , drought-resistant plants , and a green roof over the concessions area . It also has systems in place to keep storm water runoff from polluting a nearby river , and it was built on a restored brown field that once had contaminated soil . The Green Building Council 's Brendan Owens told Reuters , "  One of the things that really strikes me about stadium facilities is that they directly touch millions of people over the course of their existence , " Owens felt the eco-friendly design would encourage visitors to help the environment in other ways .	Football stadiums across Europe and the UK are using lighting rigs to grow grass Arsenal 's Emirates Stadium is believed to have twelve lighting rigs The rigs have been used in Germany , Spain , Greece , Qatar , Ireland and Australia
Casablanca , Morocco  CNN  -- Single mothers in Morocco are breaking records . A recent study published by a Casablanca support group for single mothers says the number of Morocco 's unmarried mothers in 2009 is at least double those in 2008 -- 27,200 compared with 11,016 the year before , according to the Institution Nationale de Solidarite Avec Les Femmes en Distresse . As in most Muslim countries , it is considered an intolerable shame on a family in Morocco if a daughter falls pregnant outside marriage . In many cases , families totally reject a daughter who becomes pregnant before marriage . Morocco 's unmarried mothers are mostly young , said Houda El Bourahi , the institute 's director . The study shows 60 % are younger than 26 and a third younger than 20 , she said . According to the 350-page report , the mothers are often in "  vulnerable " professions , such as house servants , and the majority have a low level of schooling . Often , the women believe that their sexual partners will marry them , and so agree to their demands , according to the study . Despite Morocco being modern in so many respects , strong prejudice still remains against unwed mothers from most groups of society . "  It 's time to put an end to prejudices held against these women though who are considered by  Moroccan  society as prostitutes , " El Bourahi said . "  These women are rejected by their families and by society and are not protected by the law . " Since the end of last year , 7,000 women in Casablanca alone had been assisted at the organization 's Center of Listening on the outskirts of the city , the commercial capital of Morocco with a population of almost 4 million . Furthermore , 2,000 children have been accepted legally by the civil state and 540 have been recognized by their fathers . The women 's rights agenda has accelerated dramatically in recent years in Morocco largely following an initiative by King Mohammed VI to give women more equality , both at home and in the workplace . A new law adopted in 2004 gave women more rights as wives , for example . Still , few men accept unmarried mothers and their offspring despite less of a stigma these days toward women who take up jobs and consider virginity to be an outdated virtue . While many men consider single mothers to be prostitutes , sex workers reportedly represent a tiny percentage of Morocco 's unmarried mothers .	A recent study says number of unwed mothers in Morocco rose dramatically from 2008 to 2009 Study shows 60 % of unwed mothers are younger than 26 and a third younger than 20 Strong prejudice still remains against unwed mothers from most groups of society
CNN  -- Mexican President Felipe Calderon announced the resignations Tuesday of three high-level government officials , most notably Communications and Transport Secretary Luis Tellez Kuenzler . The government of Mexican President Felipe Calderon , seen here in January , is facing elections in July . Abraham Gonzalez , a key official for the powerful ministry that oversees Mexico 's government , also resigned . So did Sergio Vela Martinez , president of the National Council for Culture and the Arts . No official reasons were given for any of the resignations , which analysts said did not appear to be related . But at least two of the resignations did not come as a surprise . Tellez , who stepped down from a Cabinet-level post , had been involved for weeks in a controversy over taped comments revealed last month by CNN journalist Carmen Aristegui . In the taped conversation , Tellez said former Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari had stolen government money . Salinas has not been formally accused of any crime . Tellez received an anonymous threat in late February from an apparent political enemy telling him to resign or more damaging audiotapes would be released to the media . He refused and turned the matter over to authorities . Ana Maria Salazar Slack , a political analyst who is host of a daily radio show in Mexico City , called it "  an almost soap opera-ish scandal " that left Calderon little choice but to force Tellez to resign . "  Although Calderon wanted to keep him in office , it made it very difficult to keep him there , " she said . Calderon moved Tellez to a post as a presidential aide dealing with economic matters . Other observers also were not surprised by the move . "  That was waiting to happen , " said Andrew Selee , director of the Mexico Institute at the Washington-based Woodrow Wilson Center . "  But evidently the president values his counsel and has kept him in a high-profile position in the presidency from which he 'll continue to have influence . " Robert Pastor , the Latin America national security adviser for President Jimmy Carter in the 1970s , praised Tellez but said political considerations prevailed . "  He 's a very competent fellow , " Pastor said . "  One of the most competent people I 've known in Mexico . But this tape in particular was very embarrassing . " In a televised news conference after Calderon announced the changes , Tellez expressed his "  gratitude for this opportunity that few Mexicans obtain . " Replacing Tellez will be Juan Molinar Horcasitas , the head of the Mexican Institute for Social Security . Molinar belongs to the same party as Calderon , the National Action Party -LSB- PAN -RSB- , while Tellez belongs to the opposition Institutional Revolutionary Party -LSB- PRI -RSB- . That played a role , Slack said . "  The president is sending a signal to his party that he 's going to support people from his own party , " Slack said . "  Beyond the political scandals of the tapes , there 's a decision for the president to appoint people very close to the party . " Gonzalez 's departure was not a surprise either , since he is running for a congressional seat in July and Mexican law requires him to resign . Analysts spoke highly of Gonzalez 's replacement , Geronimo Gutierrez Fernandez . He had been the top person in the foreign ministry for Latin and North America . "  Gutierrez moving in is outstanding , " the Mexico Institute 's Selee said , calling him "  one of the smartest people ... I 've met " and "  an impressive guy . " Consuelo Saizar Guerrero takes over as head of the National Council for Culture and the Arts , replacing Vela , whose reasons for resigning were not disclosed . Saizar previously served as head of the Economic Culture Fund , the government 's book-publishing enterprise . The arts and culture post will play a significant role in 2010 , when Mexico celebrates 100 years of its social revolution and 200 years of its declaration of independence , radio analyst Slack said . As for the timing of resignations from three key posts , Slack linked it to Mexico 's election calendar . "  In order to understand these changes , " she said , "  you have to understand there are midterm elections in July . So if there are going to be any changes , they have to take place right now . " Meanwhile , Peter Hakim , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue , said the changes do not portend a political shift . "  This does n't sound like any major direction in change for Calderon , " Hakim said .	Analyst says timing of resignations linked to Mexican midterm elections in July Communications and transport secretary resigns amid controversy over comments Key official for ministry that oversees Mexico 's government leaves
CNN  -- After hours of debate and forceful arguments from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , the Israeli cabinet this week approved a deal to exchange more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners , many linked to some of the deadliest terror attacks on Israeli civilians in recent years , for the release of an Israeli solider captured by militants more than five years ago . Sgt. Gilad Shalit has been held captive by Hamas without any contact with the outside world since the summer of 2006 , and efforts to end his captivity have become a rallying cry for thousands of Israelis who have actively supported efforts by his family to put pressure on the government to bring about his release . While the deal to free Shalit was backed by a commanding Cabinet majority of 26-3 and enjoys wide support from the Israeli public , there is growing debate about the price Israel is willing to pay in order to free a single soldier . Families of victims of terror , as well as some members of the Israeli government , have expressed fierce opposition to the deal . One minister who voted against the agreement called it "  a great victory for terrorism , " and there are fears that the release of convicted murderers will lead to further attacks on Israeli civilians -- a fear that , critics say , is borne out by statistics . According to Israeli association of terror victims Almagor , 180 Israelis have lost their lives to terrorists freed in previous deals since 2000 . Difficult decisions about prisoner releases are not new to the Israeli government . Israel has a long history of freeing large numbers of prisoners in exchange for its soldiers and citizens . The most notable of all was the Jibril Deal of 1985 . The Israeli government headed by then-Prime Minister Shimon Peres  the current president  agreed to release 1,150 prisoners in exchange for three Israeli soldiers captured in Lebanon by the Palestinian Militant Front led by Ahmed Jibril . The deal aroused immense controversy due to the stark asymmetry . Yitzhak Navon , the only minister who voted against the agreement , said then , "  I thought this was a terrible example , for us to show all our enemies that for them the best deal is to kidnap soldiers and citizens . We must have the strength to tell the families of the captive soldiers -- there is a line that the nation can not cross . " And pushing this latest deal is Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has built a reputation as a strong opponent to deals with terrorists . Three years after the Jibril Deal , Netanyahu explained his philosophy about negotiating with terrorists to CNN 's Larry King . "  On one case I did not swallow it . When my government did something that I simply could not live with , which was the release of jailed terrorists for three of our POWs . We wanted to get our POWs back , and the government , in my judgment , made a big mistake and traded terrorists . And here I was confronted with a situation that everything I believe in , in fact agitated for and tried to use an example of Israel for , to encourage other countries , especially the United States , to adopt a tough no-concessions policy against terrorists . " In his 1995 book "  A Place in the Sun " Netanyahu called the Jibril Deal "  a fatal blow to Israel 's efforts to form an international front against terrorism " and warned of the hazardous consequences of such moves . "  The release of a thousand terrorists ... will inevitably lead to a terrible escalation of violence , because these terrorists will be accepted as heroes , " Netanyahu wrote . In making those arguments , it is likely Netanyahu was aware of the aftermath of the Jibril Deal . Almagor says that "  out of 238 terrorists freed in the Jibril Deal who reached the West Bank , 48 percent returned to terrorism and were recaptured by Israeli forces . " In order to better understand the special status of Shalit in the Israeli public eye , one needs to go back 25 years to the crash of an Israeli warplane in Lebanon . On board the plane was Israeli air force Navigator Ron Arad , who was captured alive by local Shiite group Amal and later handed over to Hezbollah . Despite reports of several attempts to negotiate his return , Israel failed to free Arad , and as the years passed traces of his whereabouts had been lost . In June of 2008 Hezbollah announced that Arad was no longer alive . Arad has become a symbol of the failure of Israeli governments over the years to strike a deal that would bring him back alive to his family . Shalit supporters have expressed fears that if a deal was not reached soon , the young soldier 's fate could be similar to that of Arad . Speaking to his cabinet this week , Netanyahu said that with so much change sweeping the region , he did not know whether a better deal for Shalit was possible , and warned that if the window of opportunity was not taken it could close indefinitely . It represented a vast change in outlook and rhetoric for the combative prime minister , who seems to have calculated that a softer approach was the more politically expedient road to follow . Whether it was the prospect of going down in history as the Israeli leader who missed the chance to free Shalit , the calculation of larger geopolitical changes in the region , or a mere reflection of public sentiment , Netanyahu has chosen a path that has taken him away from much of what he has spent decades preaching .	Gilad Shalit has been held captive by Hamas since the summer of 2006 Efforts to end his captivity have become a rallying cry for thousands of Israelis There is growing debate about the price Israel is willing to pay to free one soldier PM Benjamin Netanyahu once held a "  no-concessions " stance on such deals
CNN  -- Going into the eighth season finale of "  American Idol , " Adam Lambert looks like the favorite against competitor Kris Allen . But should Lambert even be on the show , since he has performed professionally in the national Broadway tour of "  Wicked " ? Former ` American Idol ' runner-up Diana DeGarmo says it 's getting harder for the average person to get on the show . Diana DeGarmo , runner-up in the third season of "  American Idol , " spoke with HLN 's Mike Galanos on Prime News about whether or not an amateur stands a chance on the show . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : Mike Galanos : What were the stipulations as to your past history before you joined "  American Idol " ? How much could you do before they 'd say , "  You are n't an amateur anymore . You 're more of a professional " ? Diana DeGarmo : Each contract for each show has gotten a little stronger and a little stronger . Prior to me doing "  American Idol , " I had done things like theater , but at that point nowhere near on a professional level . The cool thing is they keep it fair by having little things in the contract about how you ca n't release a record nationally with a record label -- things like that . But people who have been signed prior can , of course , be on the show . Galanos : Do you think the "  rags-to-riches " story is lost and we are going to get more and more people who have more and more experience ? DeGarmo : I think people now realize that "  American Idol " is such a launching spot for anyone 's career . People that maybe would have not done it a few years ago , saying , "  Oh , I 'm too professional , " maybe take a little bit of a second glance at the show because they realize it 's such a launching pad . But I do think it 's a little harder for the everyday Joe to get in it . Galanos : Do you think Adam has an unfair advantage since he was an understudy for the Broadway tour of "  Wicked " ? DeGarmo : Not really , because it 's all about performing . So it 's just about what you are doing at that exact moment up there on the "  American Idol " stage . I think Kris and Adam are just two totally different performers , but I think they are pretty even when it comes down to the end of the day .	DeGarmo : It 's harder for the "  everyday Joe " to get on "  American Idol " It 's more about what you 're doing on the ` Idol ' stage , she says Kris Allen and Adam Lambert compete in the season finale
EW.com  -- Though a sequel for "  The Muppets " has been greenlit , one star who was integral to bringing the franchise into the new millennium wo n't be a part of it , reports Collider . Jason Segel told the site he wo n't be signing up for another round with Kermit and Co. "  It 's true -LSB- that I wo n't be in the sequel -RSB- , " said Segel , "  but it 's totally amicable . My goal was to bring the Muppets back and I did that , leaving them in very good hands . " Segel said he wants "  to pursue more human-related projects , " adding , "  All I wanted to do was to set the stage for them to do whatever they wanted . I 'm sure I 'll return in some capacity here and there , but that was half a decade of my life . Five years of hard work . I 'm ready for a little puppet break . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jason Segel told Collider he wo n't be signing up for another round with Kermit and Co "  It 's true -LSB- that I wo n't be in the sequel -RSB- , " said Segel Segel said he wants "  to pursue more human-related projects "
CNN  -- The trial of British mercenary Simon Mann continued Thursday , a day after Mann implicated former friend Mark Thatcher in the alleged plot to overthrow the president of Equatorial Guinea . Simon Mann was arrested after a plane carrying him and about 60 mercenaries landed in Zimbabwe . Mann , a former British army commando , was arrested four years ago in Zimbabwe and extradited to Equatorial Guinea 's capital of Malabo earlier this year to face trial for the alleged coup . The trial began Tuesday and a verdict was expected within days . Thatcher , the son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , was arrested along with Mann in 2004 . He pleaded guilty in South Africa the following year to unwittingly bankrolling the alleged coup plot ; he escaped jail time by paying a fine . Thatcher said he had given $ 275,000 toward the charter of a helicopter , which he originally thought was to be used for commercial purposes , but later suspected was to be used by mercenaries . But Mann said Thatcher knew much more than he claimed , and even helped plan the operation . "  He was not just an investor , " Mann testified Wednesday . "  I mean , he came on board completely and he became part of the management team . " Excerpts of Mann 's testimony were broadcast by Britain 's Channel 4 news , which says it has the only camera in the courtroom . Thatcher paid $ 350,000 in total , Mann said . The money paid for an Alouette III helicopter and a King Air plane which were to be used in the plot , he said . Mann said he brought Thatcher to London to meet with Lebanese businessman Eli Calil . Mann said he himself met with Calil three times in London 's Chelsea neighborhood and that , during the third meeting , Calil requested his services . "  He asked me if I would assassinate the president . He also talked about the possibility of a guerrilla war in Equatorial Guinea , " Mann said in the footage broadcast by Channel 4 . Mann testified that he refused both requests , considering them both unethical , but he did agree to help stage a coup -- an idea which he said foreign governments including Spain and the U.S. supported . Mann testified that a scout had been sent to the U.S. to gauge the government 's reaction to a possible coup . "  The opinion in Washington , the Pentagon , Langley , and the oil companies was basically all the same , which was that the situation , the political situation , in Equatorial Guinea was very unsatisfactory , very dangerous , and that a well conducted change of government would be welcome , " he said . The courtroom did not appear packed , with several of the bright red fabric-covered chairs empty . Bespectacled Mann was dressed in a gray prison outfit , clean-shaven , with his hair combed back . Channel 4 said Mann testified for four hours . He spent the first two standing up but he was "  clearly uncomfortable " and suffering from a hernia , so the judge let him sit for the last two hours , the broadcaster said . Equatorial Guinea prosecutors are not seeking the death penalty for Mann , the country 's U.S. ambassador told CNN Tuesday . Mann was arrested four years ago after a plane carrying him and about 60 mercenaries landed in Zimbabwe . The government of Equatorial Guinea said the group was on its way to overthrow its president , Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo , but Mann said at the time that they were going to guard a diamond mine in the Democratic Republic of Congo . A Zimbabwe court convicted Mann of trying to buy weapons illegally , and he served four years in jail there before his extradition to Equatorial Guinea to face charges of leading an abortive coup . Britain 's Foreign Office said it was offering consular assistance to Mann and a consular representative had visited him in prison to check on his welfare . The British consul from nearby Nigeria was attending the start of the trial in a consular capacity , said a Foreign Office spokesman , who declined to be named in line with policy . Britain has no embassy in Equatorial Guinea . Mann once served in the British army and was later affiliated with the South Africa-based mercenary firm Executive Outcomes . The firm described itself on its now-defunct Web site as a "  military advisory service " that had played a "  crucial " role in ending two African civil wars . At the end of his testimony Wednesday , Mann offered an apology . "  I would like to say that I am very , very sorry for what I tried to do in 2003 and 2004 . I 'm very sorry for what I 've done , " he said . "  I 'm also very happy that we failed , that it did n't work , that nothing actually happened . I 'm very happy that that is the case . " Mann also said that those involved in the plot who had not been prosecuted should now face justice . "  I 've been in prison for four years , " he said . "  I 'm not the same man as I was , and that is what I think -- I think they should all face justice . " Equatorial Guinea -- slightly smaller than the U.S. state of Maryland -- is the third-largest oil producer in Sub-Saharan Africa and a supplier to the U.S. and Europe . The former Spanish colony gained independence from Spain in 1968 . Obiang seized power in a 1979 coup after which President Francisco Macias Nguema was arrested , tried and executed . Obiang has remained in power despite several reported coup attempts , Britain 's Foreign Office says .	Mercenary Simon Mann implicates former friend Mark Thatcher in coup Former army commando faces charges of trying to overthrow president Mann claims Thatcher knew much more than he claimed about plot
CNN  -- I have been fortunate to have lived and experienced two worlds : My childhood in India -- which in many parts is a world of poverty , infrastructure problems , and a paucity of qualified health-care personnel , a world of many preventable deaths . The other world is the United States , where my time at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology exposed me to amazing technologies , tremendous resources to build "  things , " to build businesses , and where -- for the most part -- there exist reliable systems , processes and medical technology which enable us to save lives , whenever they can be saved . Watch Myshkin Ingawale 's TED Talk The opportunity that exists , one might well be told multiple times , by multiple very enthusiastic and entirely well-meaning people , is to take the best of the West and put it to good use in the so-called East . So , that would mean that , to improve health care in the so-called Third World -- we should take lifesaving medical technologies that the West has developed and transplant these to countries like India . The poster child for this kind of transplant is the mobile revolution in many developing nations like India , which have leapfrogged the rather expensive wired telephony phase altogether , and jumped straight to mobile phones . In India today , about half the population already owns mobile phones . It is not only their primary means of voice communication but also becoming their most important source of all forms of information -- business , media , health ... So can we replicate this kind of success story in health care delivery ? TED.com : The universal anaesthesia machine Can we take the cool technologies developed in Route 128 and in Silicon Valley , put them on Indian soil , amidst lower resource settings , and expect a similarly spectacular outcome in health care ? There might be a case to made for this approach , but to date my experience suggests that the problems in health care in the developing world are too complex , too entangled with other issues  social , political , economic  and -- in some cases -- too alien altogether from the Western world perspective -- to have a simple "  tech-transfer " fix . Also , a similar problem emerges when the best brains in the West , with all the best intentions , design new products intended to solve the problems of the developing world , while not having a full knowledge or context to the problem the product is designed to solve . The story I told in my TED talk was my personal narrative of a team of doctors , engineers and designers who were thrown into the midst of a severe problem -- anemia in children and pregnant women in a rural , underserved part of India . As many as 1 million or more children and pregnant women are dying as direct or indirect result of undiagnosed , untreated , unmonitored anemia . The treatment for anemia is not only well understood , but also widely available -- iron tablets , folic acid , iron injections , supplements and in extreme cases -- blood transfusions . TED.com : Touring a hospital in Nigeria Many government and WHO-backed schemes  e.g. "  Janani Suraksha Yojana " in India  exist that provide subsidized health care -- free treatment . In rural India , there is a village health worker  Accredited Social Health Activist  in every village -- a ratio of one for every 1,000 people . The implementation of these health-care schemes is largely on the shoulders of the ASHA workers . In India there are more than 500,000 -- a really big  if not highly qualified medically ...  force for doing good . Having experienced the conditions in a village in India , my group of friends -- who eventually set up the startup Biosense Technologies -- developed a simple , hand-held device that the ASHA worker could use to diagnose and monitor anemia noninvasively  without needles  and at the point of care  she could carry the hand-held device door to door  . The ToucHb is designed for low-resource settings , requires no medical expertise and is perfect for the quick and affordable anemia screening it is tasked to do . The device emits three wavelengths of light . The light passes through the tissue , and from understanding how much of it is transmitted , how much of it is scattered and how much of it is absorbed , we can figure out how much hemoglobin there is in the blood . Our insight behind the ToucHb product was not merely that anemia needed diagnosing -- this is obvious to every person in public health care . Our insight was not merely that the ASHA worker needed to be empowered to solve problems in her community , and that she was the real centre of the public health system , rather than the doctors sitting in cities and towns -- again , obvious to folks in the development world . Our insight was not merely scientific -- how to develop a product that could measure blood hemoglobin and diagnose anemia all without needles and in the form of a device no bigger than a TV remote control -- there are other scientific approaches and technologies available for noninvasive hemoglobin estimation . TED.com : Your health depends on where you live Our real insight was that we needed to not only build something that works from a scientific standpoint but also makes sense from a commercial and cultural and political-adoption angle . This was not easy and I can not point to any single glorious "  aha " moment in time when it all clicked . All I have are a series of failures -- monuments to our own stupidity , ideas and prototypes and commercial models failing in the lab , in the field , in a government office , at the VC  venture capital  meeting , failing due to some reason from a plethora of reasons in the complex entangled mesh that is India . Slowly , over three years , our team and ToucHb stumbled our way to making the beginnings of impact . We are still stumbling forward , but have been told we are going the right way ! I want a thousand stories like ToucHb to emerge to solve the pressing health care needs of the 3 billion underserved people in the world , dying or suffering from completely preventable diseases . I believe neither the "  First World " or the "  Third World " can do this alone . The best researchers sitting at MIT or Stanford do not always understand the context and nuances of the developing world 's problems they sometimes set out to solve , and the best field people in the developing world do not have the resources and scientific expertise to create robust and cutting-edge technology solutions that scale to the levels of the problem . TED.com : The promise of research with stem cells There are ways around this impasse , but none are quick or simple : Either technology innovators from the West who propose solutions for the East must follow through and stick it out in the field , to design and implement their vision to the end , or the developing nations must wait for a few more years while their indigenous tech innovation ecosystems mature ... In the face of this complexity , I have personally found three simple rules that I have internalized , for tech innovators to create real impact : 1  Experience the problem : Do n't assume you understand the problem . 2  Fail early , fail often : Do n't fall in love with your ideas -- expose them as early as possible to data , to real life , and hence to failure . 3  Build a team : Surround yourself with people smarter than you , with very diverse skill sets ... and have fun ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Myshkin Ingawale .	Myshkin Ingawale : Mobile tech enables developing nations to leapfrog over wired systems He says nations such as India need ways to jump ahead in health care Ingawale : New technology is n't a magic pill ; technology must fit health care delivery system His company developed a tool to detect anemia without drawing blood
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Photographer Larry Birkhead , who was proved in April to be the biological father of former Playboy playmate Anna Nicole Smith 's daughter , said Tuesday he will sue the author and publisher of a new book on Smith 's death that contains allegations he called "  pure fiction . " Larry Birkhead questions the reliability of sources used in a new book about Anna Nicole Smith . "  I 've instructed my attorney to sue Rita Cosby , the publisher and any source that spits out some of that false , defamatory information that 's in there , " Birkhead said Tuesday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  If I were Rita Cosby , I 'd be very concerned . " Among the allegations in Cosby 's "  Blond Ambition : The Untold Story Behind Anna Nicole Smith 's Death , " are that Birkhead and Howard K. Stern , Smith 's attorney and companion , had an affair -- and that an intimate moment between the two was caught on videotape . "  That 's totally false and it 's defamatory , " Birkhead said . "  I 've heard the sources from that , and those sources are people that do n't -- that have n't been in Anna 's life and have n't even met me . " Watch Birkhead describe why he plans to sue " Cosby , a former MSNBC anchor , and her publisher , Grand Central Publishing , did not provide statements to CNN on the matter despite requests to do so . Birkhead said Cosby 's sources on the Stern allegations were two maids , whose reliability is questionable , and Jackie Hatten , a woman who claims to be a friend of Smith 's -- and who , according to the book , says she is the one who walked in on Stern and Birkhead . "  Jackie Hatten has never met me , " Birkhead said . "  There was nothing to walk in on because , you know , nothing like that 's ever happened , and there 's definitely no video of it . " And by the end of her life , Smith was no longer in touch with Hatten , he said . In a statement issued to TMZ.com , Hatten said she has not read the book , but "  Rita Cosby is such a reputable reporter and person , I can only assume it is true and credible . I am happy the American public will finally know the truth . " Smith , 39 , died February 8 in a Florida hotel room of an accidental drug overdose . Her death sparked a legal battle between Stern and Birkhead over the paternity and custody of her infant daughter , Dannielynn . A Bahamian court , citing DNA tests , declared Birkhead the father of Dannielynn in April . At that point , Stern , who was listed as the girl 's father on the birth certificate , said he would not fight for custody . Ron Rale , a former Smith attorney and a friend of Stern 's , told "  Larry King Live " Stern would "  absolutely " join in the suit against Cosby . Stern 's attorney , Lin Wood , "  is a monster , " Rale said , "  and this guy is going to go after Rita Cosby and the publisher . " Asked by TMZ.com about the video earlier Tuesday , Cosby said , "  I have not seen the videotape , but I will say that we have enough corroborating people who say that they have . We know people who clearly have been told there is a videotape that exists and have talked to people who have seen the videotape . " Stern and Birkhead , she said , were previously engaged in a legal struggle against each other and appeared to be enemies , but "  now they 're friends ... and it begs the question why . I think the American public should be concerned about the state this little girl is in . If you read the book and they believe these guys are in cahoots and are in it for fame and money and not this little girl 's interests at heart . " Birkhead said Cosby 's comments are "  crazy ... she says she 's never seen the video that she reports in her book that exists , and now she 's backpedaling , saying , ` How else could you explain two guys that are enemies now get along ? ' and trying to make sense out of something that she never verified in the first place . " Birkhead told CNN Cosby never called him to verify the allegations or told him she was writing a book . Birkhead also noted that he has only temporary custody of Dannielynn and that he is still seeking permanent custody in a Bahamian court . He also angrily denied other allegations in the book . E-mail to a friend	Book alleges Larry Birkhead , Howard K. Stern had affair "  That 's totally false and it 's defamatory , " Birkhead says Stern was Smith 's boyfriend at time of her death ; Birkhead fathered her child
CNN  -- Sony 's big Wednesday event in New York for the new PlayStation 4 was streamed live online around the world -- filled with gameplay , tech talk and a display of new features . Curious gamers watched , flocking to Twitter and other social sites to share their thoughts . Perhaps ironically , not everyone was a fan of the PS4 's ability to share via social sites . Lead system architect Mark Cerny outlined a menu of new social features built in to the PS4 such as sharing gameplay with friends , being connected through existing social networks and monitoring what you play and what you purchase . "  Why does Sony think we want to tell everyone about what games we 're playing ? " Andrew Meskill wrote on Twitter . "  I want to sit in a dark room on my own with a pad . " In the gaming world , some said , sharing is n't always a plus . "  I would much rather figure out how to beat the game myself rather than have someone complete it for me , " Chris Jarvis tweeted . And in the social age , whenever there 's talk of sharing , inevitably the discussion turns to privacy concerns . " ` This system is very aware of the player and whatever is going on in the room at any given point , " tweeted Jason Evangelho , a tech contributor for Forbes . "  I DO NOT want this , do you ? " But Dennis Fong , CEO of gaming-oriented social site Raptr , told CNN he thinks the social sharing feature built in to the PS4 is exactly what next-generation devices should be doing . "  The ability to capture an image , video , or instantly broadcast what 's on your screen to your friends is transformational for the new generation of consoles , " Fong said . "  Providing players community tools to create content for your game in the form of videos and live broadcasts is not simply a cool feature for gamers but also great for business . User-generated content keeps players engaged with the game even while they are n't playing it and also attracts new users from the buzz generated around this content . " But features aside , a gaming system is only as good as its games . That theme started early in the day when gamers on Twitter created the trending hashtag #PlayStationMemories . Many used it to recall fondly playing classic titles such as "  Crash Bandicoot " or "  Spyro the Dragon " on the original PlayStation console . Sony showed off how powerful the PS4 will be with in-game footage and demos from a handful of new titles , including updates to the "  Killzone " and "  InFamous " franchises . Their visuals and gameplay demos induced a lot of digital drooling . "  The pre-release video of ` Killzone 2 ' convinced me to get a PS3 . ` Killzone 4 ' might 've just done the same for the #PS4 . Outstanding ! " Jon Lomas wrote about the demo for "  Killzone : Shadow Fall . " Even brand new games , such as "  Deep Down " from Capcom , drew praise despite not showing any in-game footage . Lauren Anne liked what she saw when a dragon appeared on screen . "  Oh yes ! Deep Down is going to be my top purchase for PS4 ! " she tweeted . "  Dragons and gorgeous graphics are win-win for me ! " But the snark Twitter is famous for was evident during the rollout of "  InFamous : Second Son , " a game set in a dystopian future where cameras monitor your every move . "  Ironically , this game is coming out on a system that will track & broadcast every damn thing you do or play or buy , " wrote Game Informer senior features editor Matt Helgeson . Some folks did n't like that while tons of details were rolled out , the PlayStation 4 console was n't displayed Wednesday . " # 2HoursIllNeverGetBack , " tweeted one user in the site 's hashtag-as-punchline style . Richard Preston went with a more established Internet catchphrase . "  Pic or it did n't happen , " he wrote . In the end , most who paid attention seemed impressed with what they saw . But not all were ready to hand Sony the console-wars victory . " #PS4 looking nice , but ca n't wait to see what #Microsoft has , " wrote one user . "  The ball is in your court now . " Many gaming insiders predict that Microsoft will show off its new console -- possibly the Xbox 720 -- at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in June . That would likely mean new consoles from the two rivals both will hit the market in time for the holidays .	Gamers react to news about the new PlayStation 4 Some do n't like new social sharing , according to reactions they shared via social sites Demos for new game titles draw digital drooling But others ask -- where 's the PS4 console ?
CNN  -- Jenson Button 's opening two wins of the Formula One season will stand after motorsport chiefs ruled on Wednesday that the aerodynamic diffuser fitted to the rear of his Brawn GP car is legal . Jenson Button 's victories in the opening two races of the F1 season were on the line . The FIA Court of Appeal said that the rear diffusers used by the Brawn , Williams and Toyota teams "  comply with the applicable regulations . " The FIA panel sat for eight hours in Paris on Tuesday to hear evidence and their decision backs up the stewards at the season-opening Australian Grand Prix that the controversial aerodynamic devices were within the rules . Four rival teams , led by Ferrari , had lodged an official appeal against that decision and if had been successful the results in Australia and Malaysia would have been altered to their advantage . Brawn GP chief Ross Brawn had mounted a robust defense of his position . "  We did n't consider this to be a radical new design . It was an innovative approach of an existing idea , and Formula One is all about innovative design . It 's a cornerstone and objective of the sport , " he told Press Association . In a statement released after the decision , Brawn added : "  The FIA technical department , the stewards at the Australian and Malaysian Grands Prix and now five judges at the International Court of Appeal have confirmed our belief that our cars have always strictly complied with the 2009 technical regulations . "  The decision of the International Court of Appeal brings this matter to a conclusion and we look forward to continuing on the track the challenge of what has been a very exciting start to the 2009 FIA Formula One World Championship . " The third round of the F1 season takes place in Shanghai this weekend with other teams now having to play catch-up on the all-conquering Brawn . After a 1-2 in Australia with Button and Rubens Barrichello they lead the constuctors ' championship ahead of Toyota . In the title race , Button has 15 points , five more than Barrichello . Toyota pair Jarno Trulli and Timo Glock are next The Brawn GP team was rescued from the brink of bankruptcy by Brawn and Nick Fry after Honda withdrew from Formula One at the end of 2008 due to the economic downturn . Button 's victory in Melbourne capped a remarkable reversal of fortunes for the team , but the legal wrangling threatened to dampen their celebrations before Wednesday 's conclusive ruling . Ferrari reacted coolly to the decision with team principal Stefano Domenicali sayng they would have to re-design their car . "  Unfortunately this decision forces us to intervene on fundamental areas of the car 's design in order to be able to compete on an equal footing with some of the teams , " he told the Press Association . "  We will now double our efforts to get the team back to the highest level of competitiveness . "	FIA Appeal decision goes in favor of Brawn GP , Toyota and Williams teams Jenson Button has clear lead in F1 championship heading into Chinese GP Rival teams led by Ferrari claimed their rear diffusers gave an unfair advantage
CNN  -- Tomas Berdych has hovered around the edge of the "  big four " of men 's tennis for the past three years , but on Sunday he will take center stage in what could be a historic moment for his country . The Czech Republic has not won the Davis Cup since its split from Slovakia in 1993 , but its men 's team are poised follow up its women 's success in the Fed Cup after taking a 2-1 lead in the final against defending champions Spain . The women retained their title in the tournament 's 50th staging , and the men are battling to follow up Czechoslovakia 's sole 1980 victory as the 100th edition of the Davis Cup comes to a climax in Prague . "  That 's all we wanted , " Berdych said after helping Radek Stepanek to defeat the ATP World Tour Finals champion partnership of Marcel Granollers and Marc Lopez 3-6 7-5 7-5 6-3 in Saturday 's doubles rubber . "  We are still missing a lot , it 's just one point , but we are looking ahead and we will do everything . " Jubilant Czechs clinch ` amazing ' Fed Cup title defense Berdych is ranked sixth in the world in singles play , and 119th in doubles , but he has come to the fore in the Davis Cup this season with 10 wins from 10 matches . Friday 's victory over Nicolas Almagro , which leveled the final , was his first over a Spanish player after three previous defeats -- including the 2009 final when the Czechs were whitewashed 5-0 in Barcelona . On Sunday he will play fifth-ranked David Ferrer , who has a leading seven tournament titles this year and 74 match wins -- second only behind world No. 1 Novak Djokovic . Ferrer has a 22-4 record in Davis Cup matches , including Friday 's win over Stepanek , and he holds a 5-3 career advantage in matches against Berdych . Ferrer is also unbeaten in Davis Cup action this year , and is leading the Spanish team in the absence of the injured Rafael Nadal . If he beats Berdych in their first encounter this year , then the final will hinge on the fifth rubber between 37th-ranked Stepanek and world No. 11 Almagro . Almagro has an 8-3 Davis Cup record , but did not feature in last year 's final or his country 's triumphs in 2004 , 2008 , and 2009 .	Czech Republic 's men 's team take 2-1 lead over Spain in the 100th Davis Cup final Tomas Berdych and Radek Stepanek beat Marcel Granollers and Marc Lopez World No. 6 Berdych can clinch title by beating David Ferrer in Sunday 's reverse singles Defending champions Spain whitewashed the Czechs 5-0 in the 2009 final
CNN  -- It is unfortunate that Mike Daisey lied about Apple 's labor practices on "  This American Life " by fabricating some harrowing details about the suffering of workers in China who make iPads and iPhones . But this revelation should not divert attention away from the very real , pressing issue of labor abuses in China . The public radio episode that aired Daisey 's falsified account helped set in motion a series of news reports and close scrutiny from the media , forcing Apple to acknowledge that conditions in its supplier factories can be improved and that workers should be treated better . Now , because of Daisey 's lies , some people might dismiss the problem of China 's labor abuses . They should not . Daisey should not have lied , even if he were doing it to serve a bigger purpose . Daisey 's bigger point -- that workers in China are mistreated -- is true . Analysis : Apple , China , Foxconn and the fabulist Labor abuse in China is hardly confined to Apple 's supplier , Foxconn . It is widespread . In some ways , the working conditions in foreign-invested factories such as Foxconn is better than that of domestic factories . Compared with workers in large foreign-invested factories , workers in domestic factories often encounter delayed payment of wages , lack of safety measures and no health care . In an incident in 2003 , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao helped a migrant worker reclaim her overdue wage from her employer . To date , unpaid and delayed wages remain one of the most serious problems for migrant workers . Outside of factories , workers such as miners or construction laborers fare even worse since they forgo written employment contracts and face substandard working conditions . In the event of injuries or wages withheld , they can not even file for legal protections . China has about 153 million migrant workers . According to a 2006 nationwide survey conducted by the government , 86 % of them work more than 8 hours every day and more than half of them can not receive their monthly wages on time . A study from an academic group last year shows that these conditions have not improved . Of course , Chinese workers have not suffered in silence . Wage disputes are on the rise . So has the number of distraught workers who threaten to jump from the top of factory buildings or skyscrapers that they have just built . The plight of Chinese workers is rooted in the skewed power relations between business and labor . In the 1980s and 1990s , local governments often colluded with businesses to keep down labor costs . In the past decade under President Hu Jintao , the government has sought to improve conditions for laborers . A labor contract law was enacted and overt discrimination against migrant workers was lifted . But they are not enough . Migrant workers with little experience or few connections are in a very weak position in large cities . They often take whatever job is available just so that they can survive . Businesses , on the other hand , incur little or no cost when they engage in unfair labor practice . Many existing laws are only good on paper , and businesses face no severe penalty for flouting them . In a country where the government often considers a partial recovery of overdue wages as a success , it 's an upward battle for workers . Despite a more tolerant attitude by the government toward labor protests in recent years , no channel exists to translate that into political energy for change . The Chinese government outlaws independent unions so that workers can not organize or strike collectively . Even if workers have the advantage of people power of their side , they are simply not on par with businesses in terms of political clout . In this context , the spotlight on China 's labor problem raised by Daisey and others is important . If multinational corporations follow high standards in their home countries , they should abide by similar rules abroad . And if more of them follow Apple 's example in allowing independent groups to inspect their suppliers ' labor practice , it will go a long way to helping Chinese workers . Improving conditions in factories such as those owned by Foxconn will affect China 's labor market as a whole and help workers gain bargaining power in dealing with domestic factories . We hope that with continued international attention on the plight of Chinese workers , the government eventually will enact meaningful reform that will guarantee workers basic labor rights . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yang Su and Xin He .	Mike Daisey lied on "  This American Life " about Apple 's labor practices in China Yang Su and Xin He : Daisey should n't have lied , but his bigger point is true They say labor abuse in China is a serious , widespread problem Su and He : If foreign-invested companies improve , it will help the Chinese labor market
CNN  -- A Utah man with chronic health problems died Wednesday from complications associated with swine flu , a local health official said . If confirmed , it would be the ninth U.S. fatality associated with the flu outbreak . Memorials appeared at the door of I.S. 238 in Queens , New York , this week after the death of an administrator . The man , who was from around Salt Lake City , was between 18 and 25 years old and "  had chronic medical conditions that may have contributed to severe complications from influenza , " said Gary Edwards , executive director of the Salt Lake Valley Health Department . Also on Wednesday , health and education officials in New York announced that 21 of the city 's public schools had been closed after an increase of reports of students with flu-like symptoms . A school administrator in Queens died after being hospitalized with the H1N1 virus , commonly called swine flu . Nineteen of the schools closed at the recommendation of the Health Department are public and two are private , the city 's Education Department announced in a news release . In addition , two private schools in Manhattan -- St. Davis Academy and Horace Mann -- have decided on their own to close after a number of students exhibited flu-like symptoms , according the schools ' Web sites . In the city 's news release , city Health Commissioner Thomas R. Frieden repeated what has become a familiar refrain : "  We continue to see a rising tide of flu in many parts of New York City . As the virus spreads , we will look to slow transmission within individual school communities by closing individual schools . " Late last week the city closed 11 schools in Queens and one in Brooklyn after confirming cases of the virus at Intermediate School 238 in Queens and unusually high levels of flu-like symptoms in the others . Mitchell Wiener , an assistant principal at I.S. 238 who died Sunday after being hospitalized with the disease , had an underlying condition , according to Frieden . The death in Utah was the first associated with the swine flu , or H1N1 , virus . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has linked eight U.S. deaths to the flu outbreak , but had not confirmed a link to H1N1 in the Utah death as of Wednesday evening . The outbreak has sickened at least 10,176 people and caused at least 80 deaths -- mostly in Mexico , according to the World Health Organization . The actual number of people affected may be higher , as it takes time for national governments to confirm cases and report them to the global body . In the United States , at least 5,710 cases of swine flu have been reported , according to recent figures from the CDC . Utah officials echoed national agencies in saying that the swine flu has largely behaved like typical seasonal influenza , which usually is fatal only among the very old , the very young or people with other health problems . In New York , 19 of the schools closed at the recommendation of the Health Department are public and two are private , it and the city 's Education Department announced in a news release . In addition , two private schools in Manhattan -- St. Davis Academy and Horace Mann -- have decided on their own to close after a number of students exhibited flu-like symptoms , according the schools ' Web sites . In the city 's news release , city Health Commissioner Thomas R. Frieden repeated what has become a familiar refrain : "  We continue to see a rising tide of flu in many parts of New York City . As the virus spreads , we will look to slow transmission within individual school communities by closing individual schools . " Late last week the city closed 11 schools in Queens and one in Brooklyn after confirming cases of the H1N1 virus , commonly called swine flu , at Intermediate School 238 in Queens and unusually high levels of flu-like symptoms in the others . An assistant principal of Intermediate School 238 died Sunday after being hospitalized with H1N1 . Frieden has said the administrator , Mitchell Wiener , had an underlying condition . CNN 's Deb Brunswick contributed to this report	NEW : New York City has closed 21 schools since virus confirmed , health officials say Utah reports first death associated with swine flu , or H1N1 , virus If confirmed by the CDC , it would be the ninth U.S. death linked to the outbreak WHO : At least 10,176 people have been sickened and 80 have died worldwide
CNN  -- A fishing trawler swept away more than a year ago by a tsunami off the east coast of Japan has been spotted floating near British Columbia , Canadian officials said . "  It looks fairly sound and has rust streak from being out there for a year , " said Marc Proulx , the maritime coordinator of the Joint Rescue Coordination Center in Victoria , British Columbia . The trawler was stable and posed no danger Saturday , officials said . The trawler is part of a giant debris field that was generated by the giant wall of water that struck the east coast of the island nation a year ago following a 9.0 earthquake , sweeping everything from cars to houses into the ocean . The fishing vessel is about 120 miles off the Queen Charlotte Islands , commonly referred to as the Haida Gwaii . The islands are an archipelago on the north coast of the British Columbia . It was first spotted by a Canadian military air patrol , and it has since been determined that it has been adrift without anybody at the helm since March 11 , 2011 , Proulx said Friday . The Japan Coast Guard identified the owner of the vessel after being contacted Friday by Canadian officials , who were able to provide the identification number on the hull of the ship . The vessel , which was used for squid fishing , was moored at Hachinohe in the Aomori prefecture when the tsunami hit , said Toshiro Yoshinaga , a Coast Guard official . The trawler is considered a navigation obstruction for vessels in the area , according to Canada 's Department of National Defense . Mariners received a notice about the vessel 's presence . Canadian agencies are monitoring the ship for possible marine pollution , though there are no reports of leaks from the vessel , the defense department said . CNN 's Jake Carpenter and Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	NEW : The ship is stable and poses no danger A fishing boat swept up in a tsunami is spotted near Canadian islands The owner has been identified , a Japanese official says The boat is part of a giant debris field making its way toward North America
Bangkok  CNN  -- Anti-government protesters in Thailand have stormed the offices of the country 's finance ministry , as mass demonstrations raise political tensions to the highest level since the deadly unrest of 2010 . Anti-government protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban , a former deputy prime minister under the previous Democrat-led government , led the group of protesters who entered the ministry compound , in the protesters ' boldest act since demonstrations broke out three weeks ago . Sunai Phasuk , a senior researcher with Human Rights Watch , told CNN the compound had been taken over by protesters , pockets of whom had become increasingly hostile to local and foreign media . He said a German photographer had earlier been attacked during a protest at the headquarters of the Royal Thai Police Monday morning , where thousands of demonstrators had called for an audience with police bosses . "  We demand to meet with Police Commissioner-General Adul Saengsingkaew , " protest leader Puttipong Punnakun told CNN . More than three weeks of anti-government protests led by the opposition Democrat Party rose to a crescendo Sunday as about 100,000 demonstrators turned out in Bangkok , and escalated Monday as leaders vowed to extend their rallies to government offices , TV networks and military installations . Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra responded by extending the areas around Bangkok where police are enforcing an internal security law that restricts gatherings by demonstrators . "  What has been going on now is affecting people 's livelihoods and orderliness , as well as disrupting services at government offices , " she said Monday . "  Therefore it is necessary for the government to enforce the law . " The government had imposed the security measures in central Bangkok several weeks ago . But the law has n't so far been strictly enforced . Thaugsuban told demonstrators gathered Sunday of plans to march on media outlets and government buildings Monday , calling on civil servants to join the cause . "  We will separate into 13 groups to march to 13 locations to express our stance , " he said . "  Our protest will not stop until Thaksin 's regime is wiped out . " Protest leaders are calling for an end to the government of Yingluck , sister of former premier Thaksin Shinawatra , the telecommunications tycoon who was ousted in a 2006 coup . Critics of the Thai prime minister accuse her of being a puppet of her older brother Thaksin , a deeply polarizing figure who was removed from power by the military while in New York in 2006 . He has since lived in exile , except for a brief return in 2008 , and was convicted by Thai courts for corruption and sentenced in absentia to two years in jail later that year . The current protests have reanimated the tensions along Thailand 's political faultlines -- Thaksin Shinawatra 's mostly rural support base on one side , the Bangkok-based elite and middle classes on the other -- that left the country wracked with turbulence for four years after the 2006 coup , culminating in a 2010 army crackdown on Thaksin supporters that left more than 90 dead . An estimated 40,000 pro-government "  red shirts " -- many from the rural areas -- gathered in a Bangkok stadium Sunday in a show of support for the embattled prime minister , who came to power in a 2011 election . The current round of protests was triggered in response to a government-backed amnesty bill that could have extended a pardon to Thaksin Shinawatra and opened the door for his return to Thailand . The Thai senate rejected the amnesty bill on November 11 , but since then demonstrations have only grown , with Suthep calling for the current government to be replaced by a new administration . Yingluck Shinawatra has responded to the escalating situation with a call for unity , reconciliation and respect for law . "  The government has instructed police and all security officers to handle the situation gently , based on international practices , so the demonstration wo n't be used as a tool by people who want to make changes in a non-democratic way , " she said in a statement on her official Facebook page . More than a dozen countries have issued travel warnings for citizens to avoid areas near protests in Bangkok .	NEW : The Prime Minister broadens internal security measures Anti-government protesters in Thailand have marched on government offices Sunday 's 100,000 turnout was country 's biggest demonstration since deadly 2010 stand-off Protesters allege former PM Thaksin Shinawatra exerts power through current premier , his sister
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , who was shot in the head in January , reads aloud a portion of her upcoming audio book , her office said Thursday . Giffords has made what doctors call a miraculous recovery since the shooting at an Arizona supermarket , which left six people dead and 12 others wounded . After months of rehabilitation , she returned to the House floor in August and received a standing ovation . She has otherwise stayed largely out of the spotlight . Her book , "  Gabby : A Story of Courage and Hope , " chronicles the relationship between Giffords and her astronaut husband , Mark Kelly . It 's the story of her rise to become a Democratic U.S. representative , his stellar career from combat pilot to commander of the Space Shuttle Endeavor 's final flight , and the tragedy that befell their lives when she was shot . The couple wrote the book together with Wall Street Journal columnist Jeffrey Zaslow . Published by Scribner , the book is set for release November 15 . The audio book is scheduled to be released the same day by Simon & Schuster Audio . Kelly reads aloud the whole book except for the final chapter , which is read by Giffords , spokesman Mark Kimble said . Illinois congressman 's life threatened The man charged in the shooting , Jared Loughner , is in mental health treatment and will be re-evaluated early next year to determine his competency to stand trial .	Rep. Gabrielle Giffords reads aloud the last chapter of audio book Her husband , Mark Kelly , reads the rest of the book The memoir chronicles the couple 's careers Giffords was shot in the head in January
CNN  -- After weeks in limbo , the Los Angeles Clippers could shift hands from an embattled billionaire octogenarian to a former Microsoft CEO . But unlike owner Donald Sterling , whose racist remarks hurled him into a vortex of public criticism , Steve Ballmer flew under the radar in recent months before he laid down a record $ 2 billion offer for the team . Here are nine things to know about the man who could become the Clippers ' next owner : He 's wealthier than Sterling . A lot wealthier . Ballmer , 58 , is worth $ 20 billion , according to Forbes magazine . Forbes put Sterling 's wealth at $ 2 billion . Ballmer succeeded his buddy Bill Gates as Microsoft CEO . He took the reins in 2000 from Gates , whom he became friends with at Harvard University in the 1970s . Ballmer earned a degree in mathematics and economics . Gates , of course , did n't graduate . But he seemed to do OK without a degree . Ballmer 's years leading Microsoft were sometimes turbulent ... When Ballmer took over as CEO , Microsoft was the most valuable company in the world . But the company went on to lose more than half of its market value over the course of a decade . Investors have been critical of Ballmer for failing to anticipate the mobile computing revolution . ... but there were also great times . During Ballmer 's tenure , Windows 7 was the fastest-selling operating system of all time , and Microsoft 's cloud and enterprise businesses have stayed strong over the past decade . According to Microsoft , the company tripled its revenue and doubled profits under Ballmer 's leadership . He retired in February and has been spotted at Clippers games since . He 's really animated . Just watch how he takes the stage for a corporate presentation . "  Come on ! Get up ! " Ballmer screamed at one gathering as he danced and leaped across the floor . "  Whoooooo ! Come on ! Give it up for me ! " By the time he took the podium , he barely had enough breath to say , "  I love this company ! " So much so that he 's ripped his vocal cords . Perhaps it 's not surprising , then , that Ballmer has damaged his voice during his public displays of affection  for Microsoft  . According to The New York Times , Ballmer once shouted " Windows ! Windows ! " so furiously at a sales meeting in Japan that he ripped his vocal cords , requiring surgery . He 's from Motown but has a soft spot for LA. . Ballmer 's dad , Fred Ballmer , was a manager at Ford Motor Co. in Detroit . The son excelled academically there and became valedictorian of his high school class . But he has reason to cheer for the Clippers . "  I love basketball . And I intend to do everything in my power to ensure that the Clippers continue to win -- and win big -- in Los Angeles , " Ballmer said in a statement after making his offer . "  LA is one of the world 's great cities -- a city that embraces inclusiveness , in exactly the same way that the NBA and I embrace inclusiveness . " Ballmer was n't the only bigwig eyeing the Clippers . A group that included media moguls David Geffen and Oprah Winfrey also made a bid of $ 1.6 billion for the Clippers , a source told CNN . This is n't his first time trying to buy an NBA team . Ballmer 's purchase of the Clippers would still have to be approved by 75 % of the NBA 's 30 owners . Last year , the owners denied the sale of the Sacramento Kings to a group that included Ballmer . That sale would have resulted in the Kings moving to Seattle , and the league 's relocation committee recommended keeping the team in Sacramento . But with all the talk about changing ownership of the Clippers , Ballmer 's fate this time may turn out differently . Sources : Donald Sterling found to be mentally incapacitated CNN 's Brian Todd and CNNMoney 's David Goldman and contributed to this report .	Ballmer was known for screaming and dancing at Microsoft meetings He signed a binding agreement to buy the Los Angeles Clippers for $ 2 billion His estimated worth is $ 20 billion , compared with Donald Sterling 's $ 2 billion Ballmer became friends with Bill Gates at Harvard , succeeded him as Microsoft CEO
CNN  -- Americans are spending less time stuck in traffic and wasting less gas , according to a new report . Americans spend a little less time in traffic , a study shows , but drivers on I-110 in Los Angeles might not notice . Rising joblessness and stinging gas prices have put the brakes on worsening trends in traffic congestion , according to a study issued Wednesday by the Texas Transportation Institute , the nation 's largest university-based transportation research facility . "  It 's temporary , but real , " said institute spokesman Bernie Fette about the declines . "  As goes the American economy , so goes traffic . There 's fewer people going to work . " The institute attributed the changes to the recession , but the U.S. economy did not begin to slow significantly until the end of 2007 . The organization began tracking traffic trends in 1982 , and by "  every measure , congestion has increased substantially " in those 25 years , the latest Urban Mobility Report said . Not in 2007 . Researchers surveyed 439 urban centers in the United States and found that travelers spent one hour less stuck in traffic in 2007 than they did in 2006 and wasted 1 gallon less of gasoline . Congestion delay per traveler in 1982 was 13.8 hours . In 2005 , that number had almost tripled to 37.4 hours . But it was down to 36.1 hours in 2007 , representing a "  rare break in near-constant growth , " the report said . Because the changes were nominal , most people may not have noticed any change in their commutes . The average person still needs 25 percent more time to travel during rush hour than during other parts of the day , Fette said . "  Things were so congested and bad , it was kind of hard to notice , " Fette said . Among the report 's other findings : • American travelers still wasted 4.2 billion hours stuck in rush-hour traffic jams . That amounts to nearly one full work  or vacation  week for every traveler . • The overall cost , based on wasted fuel and lost productivity , reached $ 87.3 billion in 2007 , the report said . That 's more than $ 750 per person . • The amount of wasted fuel , from sitting idle with the motor running , topped 2.8 billion gallons , or three weeks ' worth of gas , for every traveler . Congestion has slowed but , said the report 's authors , that means only that things are getting worse slower , "  hardly a positive goal statement . " The Urban Mobility Report database includes a few similar periods from regional recessions in the past -- northeastern states in the early 1980s , Texas in the mid-1980s , California in the early 1990s . In every case , when the economy rebounded , so did the congestion problem , the report said . That means congestion trends are likely to swing upward once the economy starts picking up . Americans might then have fatter pocketbooks , but they 'll go back to staring through their windshields a bit longer . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Transportation Institute finds Americans spent one less hour stuck in traffic in 2007 Joblessness , costly gas makes 2007 first year since 1982 trend has slowed Congestion down , authors say , but it "  means things are getting worse slower " Study : Once economy gets better , long waits in traffic will get worse
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Several hundred Sri Lankan Tamil protesters shouted slogans at the British Parliament for a second day Tuesday , urging it to act to end the "  genocide " against their people in Sri Lanka . Police clash with Tamil protesters outside the Houses of Parliament . "  Stop the genocide ! " they shouted . "  Stop the war ! " They waved the red flag of Tamil Eelam , the Tamils ' traditional homeland in northern and eastern Sri Lanka . The flag is emblazoned with a yellow roaring tiger . Most of the protesters slept overnight on the streets around Parliament Square after beginning their unauthorized protest Monday afternoon . At one point , the protesters blocked the street leading to Westminster Bridge over the River Thames , police said . That led to road closures around Parliament . By Tuesday morning , a solid ring of police had hemmed the protesters in Parliament Square across the street from the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben . Roads were open again , but the protest and police presence caused traffic congestion in the area . Hariram Shan , 24 , is a Sri Lankan Tamil who said he has lived in Britain for six years . He said the protesters hope the British government will intervene to stop Sri Lanka 's crackdown on Tamil Tiger rebels , which he said harms civilians . "  They can force economic sanctions , " Shan told CNN . Dushyanthy Sukumar , 47 , said the Sri Lankan government is retaliating against innocent civilians . "  The Sri Lankan government has now cornered the rebels , the LTTE  Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  , and what they are doing is killing the people , " she said . Sukumar , who said she has lived in Britain since leaving her homeland in 1987 , said she is angry at the British government for supporting Sri Lanka . "  The Sri Lankan government is doing their dirty work through this government , " she said . The Sri Lankan military said Sunday that it had captured the last rebel stronghold and killed five rebel leaders after three days of gunbattles . It said more rebels could still be hiding in a 20-square-kilometer "  safety zone , " but that it would not enter the area because it is home to some 50,000 people . The Tamil Tigers have fought since 1983 for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority . The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead .	Several hundred Tamil protesters demonstrate outside UK parliament Protesters urge UK lawmakers to "  act to end the genocide in Sri Lanka " Tamil Tiger separatists have fought since 1983 for an independent homeland Sri Lankan military said Sunday it had captured last rebel stronghold
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- At least five people were killed Tuesday in clashes between police and supporters of Ivory Coast 's president-elect as a tense political standoff continued Tuesday in the West African nation . The governor of Abidjan said three police officers and two demonstrators were killed . The violence comes a day after the U.N. Security Council deplored the violence in the country since the November 28 election and "  urged all parties to exercise restraint . " The cocoa-producing West African nation was plunged into crisis when Alassane Ouattara was declared the winner of the presidential runoff election , but incumbent Laurent Gbagbo refused to leave office . The Security Council expressed its backing for the efforts by the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States in pursuing a peaceful resolution of the crisis . At the same time , the council repeated its readiness "  to impose measures , including targeted sanctions against people "  who threaten the peace process , " block the work of the U.N. mission and other international people there or "  commit serious violations of human rights and international humanitarian law . " Meanwhile , Ouattara is willing to add supporters of self-proclaimed president Gbagbo to his Cabinet , provided the defiant incumbent steps down , the West African nation 's ambassador to the United Nations said Monday . Ambassador Youssoufou Bamba said Ouattara would not enter a power-sharing government similar to that in Zimbabwe but that he would be open to a unity cabinet . U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq could not confirm any such offer from the Ouattara government and said that Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon still called for Gbagbo to step down in favor of an orderly transition . Ouattara told CNN last week that he welcomes a proposal for direct negotiations with Gbagbo -- on the condition that Gbagbo recognize Ouattara as president . But in a telephone interview on Tuesday , Gbagbo 's government spokesman , Ahoua Don Melo , rejected the proposal , saying Ouattara "  should first go to the Constitutional Council to get recognized as the president before making any proposal . " An independent election commission declared Ouattara the winner of the runoff election in November , but the country 's Constitutional Council then declared Gbagbo the winner . The U.S. Treasury froze Gbagbo 's assets in the United States last week and barred Americans from doing business with him . His wife and three top aides also were sanctioned . Ouattara remains holed up in the Golf Hotel under the protection of U.N. peacekeepers . The United Nations and an ever-increasing number of other nations have recognized Ouattara , a former prime minister , as the rightful winner . The United States and other countries have offered Gbagbo what they call a "  dignified exit , " which could mean living and working in other countries , including the United States . Gbagbo , however , has ignored those offers and has refused to accept telephone calls from U.S. officials . Ouattara has said he will ensure protection for Gbagbo if he concedes , said Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga , the African Union envoy for a multinational mediation effort . The U.N. Security Council welcomed AU and ECOWAS ' intention to send "  another joint high-level mission as soon as possible to continue discussions with the two parties . " It expressed deep concern over continued violence and human rights violations , including against U.N. peacekeepers , and "  condemned deliberate attempts to impede the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire from fulfilling its mandate , " referring to the country by its French name . Security Council members also "  strongly condemned and demanded an immediate halt " to media efforts to "  propagate false information to incite hatred and violence . " Council members also condemned the ongoing blockade around the Golf Hotel . Meanwhile , the U.N. refugee agency is building a refugee camp for Ivorians fleeing to neighboring Liberia . The camp will initially be capable of housing some 18,000 refugees . At present , there are about 25,000 Ivorian refugees in Liberia , with about 600 people arriving daily . "  Refugees continue to tell us that in most cases they are fleeing fear of violence rather than actual violence against them , " said the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . The UNHCR has sufficient relief supplies for about 30,000 people in Liberia and said it "  is ready to mobilize stocks from Ghana for an additional 30,000 people if the need arises . " CNN 's Whitney Hurst contributed to this report .	At least five people have died in new clashes The U.N. Security Council urges peaceful resolution 25,000 Ivorian refugees are now in Liberia
CNN  -- A squabble over $ 32 led a nursing home resident to set the building on fire , killing 11 people , Chinese state-run media reported . Police said 45-year-old Wang Gui lost his temper after accusing another resident of stealing 200 yuan from him , the Xinhua news agency reported . Staff members at Lianhe Senior Nursing Home tried to calm Wang down . So did other residents . But nothing worked . Early Friday morning , Wang set fire to the home in the northeast city of Hailun , authorities said . The blaze killed 11 people , including Wang . Their ages ranged from 45 to 87 , the Hailun public security bureau told Xinhua . Wang had been sent to the nursing home because he suffered a stroke and had no one to take care of him , according to Xinhua . About 32 people were in the inpatient building when the fire broke out , the agency said . The nursing home serves rural elderly residents who have no source of income . CNN 's Jessica King contributed to this report .	Wang Gui , 45 , lost his temper after accusing another resident of stealing 200 yuan , police say Authorities say the suspected arsonist was among the 11 killed Xinhua : The nursing home caters to rural elderly residents with no source of income Wang was sent there because he suffered a stroke and had no one to take care of him
CNN  -- Ten years ago , Blair and Estelle Hunt entered the wine business with nothing more than a bare plot of land . Blair and Estelle Hunt with their wine awards . Both were approaching 60 and , while they were familiar with what made a good bottle of red , they had no idea how to make it . That did n't stop them . This year , industry experts judged their 2005 Bald Hills pinot noir the best red wine in the world . It beat 4,760 other entries to take the Champion Red award in the International Wine Challenge , the world 's biggest blind tasting . And , it was the first time a vineyard outside France took Decanter magazine 's top prize for best pinot noir over # 10 . "  We were amazed , " said Blair Hunt . "  It 's impeccable timing for a small vineyard in the face of such extensive competition . " Success has come rather suddenly for Blair and Estelle . After 45 years of marriage , three children and varied careers in management , real estate and teaching , they had been looking to wind down . They sold their house in Sydney and moved to rural New Zealand to search for something to keep them occupied in later life . "  I 'm really wary about the word retirement , " Blair says . "  I do n't quite understand it , although the reality is that it is our income so you could say it 's our retirement . " They had been considering entering the dairy industry , but as they criss-crossed the country searching for a place to settle down , the stunning landscape of Central Otago in New Zealand 's South Island won them over . "  Just the sheer beauty of the place led us to say right let 's give it a go , " says Blair Hunt . As it turns out , Bannockburn , one hour outside Queenstown , was an ideal place to grow grapes . "  We knew that from research on record we had good soil types and in relative proximity we could see grapes growing . The plot was just a bare 11 hectares , or 27 acres . It had a nice slope to the north , north-west , so you 've got that sun bearing down on it all of the day . Everything seemed to be lined up and , as it turns out , it has been . " They planted their first vines in 1997 . Back then it was a part-time job . Every weekend they 'd drive up into the hills from their home in Balclutha , South Otago to tend their vines . They built a house on the site and moved there in 2001 . Even then it did n't demand their full attention . Until June , Blair Hunt was working full-time as the Chief Executive of the local hospital . "  Not bad for an old fella , " he laughs . He is 69 . Estelle , 68 , shares his passion for a day 's hard work washed down with a glass of fine wine each night . "  Some people just are energetic and love what they 're doing . That 's a huge help , " she says . "  We 're avid learners really . We used to spend a lot more time in the vineyard but as time went by we discovered that there was more and more paperwork to be done . " "  Blair still loves to get out and do the mowing up and down the rows and have a good look to see what 's actually going on out there . From time to time we 've both got out and done some picking . " Blair is quick to correct the suggestion that their success is anything other than the result of hard work by a dedicated viticulturalist and his team , as well as an expert winemaker . Renowned New Zealand winemaker Grant Taylor started working with them before the first grapes were picked . He has his own label and is very selective about to whom he lends his expertise . "  I have worked with many , many grape growers in 28 years of winemaking . I never try to push my thoughts on them because usually they will cost the grower money , but simply say what I think and let them make the decision , " he says . "  Blair and Estelle have listened , then acted . They have been fine tuning their viticulture , I have been fine tuning the winemaking , and the vines have been getting older and doing their job better . But underneath it all is a shared philosophy , which is to do everything in the vineyard and winemaking to make the best wine possible . There are no shortcuts aimed at saving money . " Pinot noir grapes are notoriously difficult to nurture . They 're thin-skinned , susceptible to rot and are really only successfully grown in three locations : Burgundy in France , Oregon in the U.S. , and New Zealand 's Central Otago region . There , growers go to great lengths to ward off winter frosts in the cold mountain ranges . Some fly helicopters low over the vines to stir up the icy air . At Bald Hills , there are two wind-machines on standby if the temperature starts to plummet . The rest of the season , the vines are pruned and tended by hand , the grapes individually picked . Strangely , the vineyard 's "  spare no expense " philosophy has n't produced a hideously expensive wine . Visitors to the cellar door can buy a bottle for 38 New Zealand dollars , or less than U.S. $ 30 . And , despite the scarcity of the product -- there are only 100 "  uncommitted " cases left -- the Hunts have not put up the price -- yet . "  We 're contemplating that , and the consequences of doing that in the longer term . At the end of the day you 're talking about long term viability and sustainability rather than short-term gains , " Blair says . This couple , although approaching 70 , is in it for the long haul . The judges called their 2005 pinot noir well integrated , harmonious and impeccably balanced . The same might be said about them . E-mail to a friend	Blair and Estelle Hunt own the Bald Hills vineyard in New Zealand The couple started making wine without any previous experience Their 2005 pinot noir has been judged the best wine in the world this year
CNN  -- Like a first love or a first car , a first computer can hold a special place in people 's hearts . For millions of kids who grew up in the 1980s , that first computer was the Commodore 64 . Twenty-five years later , that first brush with computer addiction is as strong as ever . Millions of Commodore 64s were sold in the 1980s . "  There was something magical about the C64 , " says Andreas Wallstrom of Stockholm , Sweden . He remembers the day he first laid eyes on his machine back in 1984 . "  My father brought it home together with a tape deck , a disk drive , a printer , and a couple of games ... I used to sneak home during lunch to play -LSB- on it -RSB- with my friends . " Learn about the components of the C64 system " Wallstrom is the webmaster and designer for C64.com , a Web site dedicated to preserving the games , demos , pictures , magazines and memories of the Commodore 64 . C64.com visitors are mostly nostalgia seekers -- men in their 30s looking to download their favorite childhood games . Emulators let them play the games without having a machine . Popular downloads include "  Boulder Dash , " "  Ghostbusters , " and "  The Great Giana Sisters . " "  It may have not been the most sophisticated computer , but it did have a lot of personality and it was lovable and remains loveable , " said Harry McCracken , vice president and editor in chief of PC World . Often overshadowed by the Apple II and Atari 800 , the Commodore 64 rose to great heights in the 1980s . From 1982-1993 , 17 million C64s were sold . The Guinness Book of World Records lists the Commodore 64 as the best-selling single computer model . The computer featured 64 kilobytes of memory  a lot for 1982  , a huge index of games , a sophisticated sound chip , and a relatively parent-friendly price -- $ 595 . On Monday , the Computer History Museum in Mountain View , California , will celebrate the C64 's 25th anniversary . Computer pioneers will reflect on the C64 's achievements and contribution to the industry . Jack Tramiel , the founder and CEO of Commodore , will attend , along with Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak and William C. Lowe , father of the IBM PC . "  It was the right machine for the time , " said McCracken . "  The Commodore 64 did a lot to popularize computers . " Sold in shopping malls and discount stores and not just small computer stores -- the norm for the time -- the C64 became many people 's gateway into the world of computers , said Brian Bagnall , author of "  On the edge : The spectacular rise and fall of Commodore . " "  It was so new , " Bagnall said . Users could play many games and also learn the programming language of computers -- BASIC . Jim Park , 39 , a software developer in Minneapolis , Minnesota , got his start on a C64 in 1984 when he was 16 . Park learned to program motion-graphics synchronized to dance music and ran a BBS , an electronic bulletin board system , the precursor to the Internet . "  I really lucked out that something so obscure and nerdy has turned into the modern business and pop-culture phenomenon that it has , " he said . Wallstrom said it was the simplicity of the C64 that made it so great . "  You switched it on and it was there , ready for input in a second . Programming on the C64 was straightforward because you got to command the processor directly . You had full control of the whole computer ... that is something you do n't have with any modern PC . " Still , the C64 had an uneven reputation . It was widely considered clunky , its BASIC outdated and graphics weak in comparison to the Apple II and Atari 800 , according to McCracken . And then there was the quirky floppy drive . "  It was pitifully slow , " Bagnall said . "  It was big and noisy . It sounded like a Gatling gun when it was trying to load stuff . " The floppy drive took so long to load , the music would play before the game did , recalls Rob Kramer , artistic & business director of Productiehuis ON , a production company based in the Netherlands . "  These tunes would get stuck in your head , " he said . In 2006 Kramer came up with the idea of having an orchestra play the music from the games . "  We found this crazy orchestra that plays on the street . It 's full of young people in music school . They are in their 20s and they 'd never played a Commodore 64 . For them it was like ` Wow , this is great stuff . ' " The 12-piece C64 Orchestra has played at churches , musical venues and festivals . The compositions run 4-6 minutes . The crowds are mostly fans of the C64 . "  They really dig it , " Kramer said . Watch how I-Reporters are using the C64 today " Kramer described the music as haunted . "  There 's a lot of tension , and it repeats itself . It takes you places where normal classical music does n't . " Watch as the orchestra plays " The classical ensemble released a CD in Europe featuring the original computer and orchestral versions of "  Delta , " "  Commando , " Monty on the Run , " "  International Karate " and more . The CD will be available in the United States on January 15 . By 2007 computing standards , the Commodore 64 is a dinosaur . A relic of the past , long made obsolete by the march of time . But the C64 is n't dead . It 's very much alive -- on gaming Web sites , through music and in the memories of millions who owned and loved them . "  Computer nostalgia is something that runs pretty deep these days . The memories that people have of this machine are incredible , " McCracken said . Twenty-five years ago computers were an individual experience ; today they are just a commodity , he said . "  I do n't think there are many computers today that we use that people will be talking about fondly 25 years from now . " E-mail to a friend	Commodore 64 loved by many kids coming of age in the 1980s Popularity continues today on Web sites , in music and people 's memories Nostalgia seekers can download their favorite C64 games on sites like C64.com C64 Orchestra plays the music from the games , CD release in U.S. in January
CNN  -- American Airlines has come up with a new explanation for The Mystery of The Falling Down Seats in some of its Boeing 757 airliners . Part of the explanation is -- well -- kind of out there . The answer ? Soda pop . Coffee . Snacks . Really . Something called the seat lock plunger mechanism can "  get gunked up over time with people spilling sodas , popcorn , coffee or whatever and that can affect that locking mechanism on the ground that locks the seat to the floor , " airline spokeswoman Mary Frances Fagan said Friday . 11 witty and sage airline ` gunk ' retorts Apparently , worn locking pins can get stuck when food and beverages spill onto them , allowing seat rows to come unhinged , she said . American earlier said saddle-shaped clamps installed to hold the seats down were put in backwards . While the clamps may have played a role , the soda and snack gunk now seems to be among the culprits , Fagan said . And while that explains what happened to the three American flights that experienced loose seats , it does n't explain why the problem has affected only American flights in recent days , or why it 's happened so many times in such a short period . How would you save American ? "  My question is , why have n't we seen this before ? " said Bill Waldock , professor and crash lab director at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University 's Prescott , Arizona , campus . "  Did the gunk start building up and decide to falter in the planes at the same time ? I kind of doubt that honestly . " Waldock called the airline 's explanation "  curious , " adding that it "  seemed to be unique to the 757 , and to the ones that they reconfigured . " "  What would make more sense is if  the seats  were improperly installed , " he said . Besides presumably cleaning out the gunk , Fagan says American mechanics are "  taking extra steps to ensure that the seats do not dislodge from the track . " That includes installing industrial-strength metal ties as a backup , airline spokeswoman Courtney Wallace said . Later Friday afternoon , airline spokeswoman Andrea Huguely said that the company plans to have "  all 48 of our Boeing 757s back in service " by Saturday , noting that 42 of its airplanes had already been repaired and that there were will be no disruptions to service . "  We have identified the issue , and our maintenance teams are securing an FAA-approved locking mechanism to ensure no seat can be dislodged , " she said . American insists after these newly installed mechanical ties are in place , no more seats will be dislodged . American Airlines fixing seats in 48 757s The problem first surfaced on a September 26 flight from Vail , Colorado , to Dallas , according to the airline . On Saturday , three seats came loose shortly after takeoff on a flight from Boston to Miami that was carrying 175 passengers . That plane diverted to New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport . After incidents with airline seats , readers let loose Another incident occurred Monday on a flight from New York to Miami with 154 passengers . It returned to JFK without further incident . While rare , such incidents are not unprecedented . In 2008 , according to media accounts , a United Airlines flight had to make an emergency landing when a row of seats came loose on takeoff . The National Transportation Safety Board -- which investigates U.S. civilian aircraft accidents -- does not track loose-seat incidents , spokesman Peter Knudson said . When asked about gunked seat-track fittings , a Delta spokesman said , "  We are not seeing what our competitor has described on the same scale by any means . " The coffee and snacks suggestion also did n't sit well on airlinesforums.com , an online gathering spot for pilots and airline maintenance crews . "  Must have been ` Alien ' blood to dissolve metal , " posted one user , referring to the film with the space monster with acid blood . Suggestions on the site are rampant that American 's maintenance contractors bore responsibility for the problems . American , however , has said maintenance work was not to blame for the problems . Vice President David Campbell also dismissed the possibility that the problems could be linked to an ongoing labor dispute . Last month , a judge threw out American 's contract with its pilots union . Since then , pilots have staged what the airline calls a slowdown that has caused the number of flights that are delayed and canceled to skyrocket . More than 1,000 American flights have been canceled and 12,000 delayed in the past month alone . Airline management has blamed the situation on pilots filing what it says are frivolous reports about aircraft problems . The pilots union has denied management 's assertion . "  I really have a difficult time believing that it 's actually sabotage , " Campbell said . American Airlines also filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection late last year . Who still wants to fly American ? CNN 's Vivian Kuo , Carma Hassan , Jim Barnett and George Howell contributed to this report .	NEW : Expert Bill Waldock calls the airline 's explanation "  curious " NEW : Airline says it will install "  industrial-strength " metal ties to keep seats in place American Airlines : Seat fittings "  get gunked up over time with people spilling " Seats on at least three American Airlines flights became loose recently , unnerving passengers
CNN  -- Police in Bolivia used tear gas to disperse hundreds of protesters who took to the streets protesting a hike on the price of fuels Monday . The price of gasoline has risen 73 percent while diesel fuel rose at least 80 percent . The unions representing the public transit workers called for an indefinite national strike in protest which was partially successful Monday . Bolivian President Evo Morales defended the increase , saying it was needed partly because of Bolivian fuel being sold illegally to other countries , the state-run news agency ABI reported . The government had frozen the price of gasoline and diesel for six years and subsidized the cost -- making the fuel a lot cheaper than in neighboring countries . As a result , trafficking in fuels made it a very profitable business , said Vice President Alvaro Garcia Linera . "  The profit margin is so great that anybody who sells 10 liters of gasoline in Brazil or Peru makes enough money to live a week or two . Only 10 liters ! That ca n't be . That ca n't be , " he said . The government estimates that Bolivia loses as much as $ 150 million a year in fuel sold outside the country . But the "  Gasolinazo , " as the hike is being called , could be a big challenge to Morales who has enjoyed public support for his populist policies . Many are now questioning his commitment to the people . "  Why did he lie ? His ministers said the price would n't go up a single peso and now this , " said Marta Zurita , a homemaker in the capital Bolivia . "  How can we move forward ? This is bad , very bad . " Many fear the price increase wo n't be limited to fuel . Taxi drivers raised their fares by as much as a 100 % even though the government warned them not to go higher than 25 % . The drivers ' union agreed to continue negotiations with the government Tuesday to reach an agreement on the new rates . Others rushed to local markets to buy groceries fearing prices will soon go up . Retiree Mary Ortuno said she wishes she could go shopping with a government official to see how much they could afford using only her income . Journalist Gloria Carrasco contributed to this report from La Paz .	The price of gasoline has risen 73 percent Transit workers have called for an indefinite national strike The government says the increase is partly because fuel was being sold illegally elsewhere Many now question Morales ' commitment to the people
CNN  -- Watching the movie "  Lincoln " on Saturday , Rep. Joe Courtney was perplexed during the climactic scene . Two of his predecessors from nearly 150 years ago , lawmakers representing the state of Connecticut in 1865 , are seen voting against the constitutional amendment to end slavery . Courtney asked the Congressional Research Service for the records , and sure enough , all four representatives from Connecticut voted yes on the 13th amendment . But in the film , we see the fictional lawmakers Augustus Benjamin and Arthur Bentleigh of Connecticut each vote "  Nay . " "  I could not believe my own eyes and ears , " Courtney said . In a letter of protest to director Steven Spielberg , he said that although he thinks overall the film is tremendous and compelling , "  placing the State of Connecticut on the wrong side of the historic and divisive fight over slavery is a distortion of easily verifiable facts . " Screenwriter Tony Kushner conceded the discrepancy but defended the film . "  None of the key moments of that story -- the overarching story our film tells -- are altered , " he said in a statement Thursday . He explained that the alterations were made to serve the narrative that the outcome of the vote was in doubt until the very end . "  I hope nobody is shocked to learn that I also made up dialogue and imagined encounters and invented characters , " he added . "  I 'm sorry if anyone in Connecticut felt insulted by these 15 seconds of the movie , " Kushner said , but "  this is a dramatic film and not an attack on their home state . " Still , Courtney said Friday that he hoped the movie would be changed before it is released on DVD on February 26 . "  The four members of Connecticut 's delegation ... deserved a better legacy than the screenplay portrayed , " he said . Historian Christian McWhirter , a researcher with the Papers of Abraham Lincoln , supported the congressman 's objection . "  It seems like such an unnecessary error , " he said . Nevertheless , he added , "  it should n't overshadow the fact that overall , this is a very strong and accurate portrayal of what actually happened . " Going through the movie script vote by vote , CNN found that the important details are correct . By the narrowest of margins , after a breathless and unpredictable roll call , the amendment passes , with most Republicans in favor but many Democrats opposed . Six of the lawmakers in the film actually existed and cast real votes , while the rest are apparently fictitious . No other vote discrepancies were found in the scene . Columbia University historian Eric Foner said the voting in the film is not the only discrepancy , but for dramatic effect , some poetic license is fine in such a movie . "  It is historical fiction -- a noble genre going back to Shakespeare and well before -- not history , " he said . Indeed , the movie makes no claims to be a documentary , but is rather a historical film . In the style of a political thriller , it depicts President Lincoln 's efforts to get a ban on slavery passed in Washington , using a combination of persuasion , inspiration , horse-trading and arm-twisting . The film has been nominated for 12 Academy Awards and has been a success both with the critics and at the box office . Disney , the distributor , and representatives for Spielberg did not reply to inquiries from CNN on Wednesday . McWhirter defended the movie . " ` Lincoln ' is an exceptionally good Hollywood historical film , " he said , "  so I think we have to have a certain amount of tolerance for a certain amount of error . " CNN 's JD Cargill contributed to this report .	NEW : Screenwriter defends film , says no key moments of the story were altered In movie , two Connecticut lawmakers are seen voting against ending slavery History shows all four Connecticut representatives voted yes on 13th Amendment Rep. Joe Courtney sends a letter to director Steven Spielberg
There 's no greater feeling of pre-drink excitement than hitting upon a secret den of cocktails , bonhomie and hedonism . Heading beneath the surface into the bowels of a building adds a certain frisson to a bar experience . Not only does a total lack of sunlight give one the excuse to stay until close to breakfast time , many of these subterranean bars have had bizarre former lives as nuclear bunkers and bank vaults . Now , sensibly , they 're devoted to the joys of imbibing . Converted bank vault  Trinity Place , New York Deep underneath a typically Gotham City-esque Big Apple skyscraper in the heart of the financial district , gaining entrance to Trinity Place involves walking through a set of two century-old 35-ton doors , which lead to the former vaults of the United States Realty Bank . The first room contains a buzzy lounge area and behind the second , a dining room which , according to owner Jason O'Brian , was once the private meeting room for the bank 's executive board members . Food is in a suitably mid-20th century "  Mad Men " style -- there 's steak tartare and lobster bisque along with high-end craft ales on tap including Smuttynose and Duvel . Trinity Place , 115 Broadway , New York ; +1 212 964 0939 Former underground public toilet  Cellar Door , London It 's predictably tiny but the usual vile environs of the London public toilet have been blown apart by this conversion of a Victorian underground convenience into a cabaret and burlesque bar . Holding just 60 people there 's an array of oddities to discover including snuff tobacco available from the bar , opaque toilet doors which only frost over when locked and an SMS jukebox . London bar and travel blogger Harriet Constable is a regular visitor here and says , "  It 's got a really loyal following of genuine London eccentrics who come here knowing they can be naughty and not have to deal with oppressive bouncers . "  It 's amazing that somewhere this centrally located still has such a cult reputation -- it 's been here a while but it 's still an ` in the know ' kind of spot . " Cellar Door , 0 Aldwych , London WC2E 7DN ; +44 20 7240 8848 Cave  Bar More , Dubrovnik , Croatia Looking quite startlingly like the underground lair of Dr. Evil from Austin Powers , this natural cave beneath the chichi Hotel More in Croatia 's most beautiful city is a fabulous , strangely retro combination . In the heart of it are precipitous rocky walls illuminated purple , stalagmites and stalactites , glossy white bar counters and some serious mixology from the bartenders . Ask nicely and they might rustle up the "  Crocktail " -- a Croatian specialty made with Zada Maraschino  a local liqueur  , cherry juice , lemon juice and candied orange peel . If the weather 's good you can even ascend from the cave and drink it on the terrace above ground . Bar More , Kardinala Stepinca 33 , Dubrovnik ; +385 020 494 200 Nuclear bunker  Parukarka , Prague You 'll struggle to find it when it 's dark , but if you 're in the Zizkov district of Prague on a weekend evening and you see a tiny doorway in the middle of a graffiti strewn concrete wall with the world "  amigo " written on it , you 've found one of the strangest clubs on  or under  Earth . Down two spiral staircases you 're in Bunkr Parukarka , a nuclear bunker built by the Czech Communist party in the 1950s . "  It would have been easier to destroy it and then rebuild it from scratch , " says Michal Tesinsky , the man behind the three-year clean up job that turned this Cold war oddity into a thriving club , art gallery , bar and live music venue that can hold 250 Prague night owls . Spookily however , over four fifths of the bunker complex still lies empty . Stranger still is the fact that one of the stipulations of the use of this incredible space is that , should Armageddon break out , the club must be converted back to its original purpose within 48 hours . Parukarka , Prague , +420 603 423 140 Former brothel  Madame Claude , Berlin This subterranean dive was once home to Berlin 's notorious ladies of the night , who used this club to "  serve " American soldiers in the period after World War II when the German capital was divided into zones controlled separately by the British , Americans , French and Russians . Converted by three French school friends who all moved to the German capital , the bar is now a warren of rooms with Dali-esque touches of surrealism including an upside down room where tables and lamps hang from the ceiling , a wardrobe leading into a secret bar and a delightfully low admission fee on a "  donate what you can afford " basis . Entertainment veers towards the experimental and avant garde with regular DJ sets , open mic spoken word nights and even ping-pong contests . Madame Claude , 19 Lubbener Street , Berlin ; +49 30 8411 0859 Former Crypt  Bedfords , Norwich , UK With its stone flagged floor and barrel vaulted ceiling , this bar and live music venue still bears the hallmarks of the 15th-century medieval crypt it once was . Located in The Lanes , one of the most ancient parts of the historic market city of Norwich , the building upstairs is no spring chicken , constructed in the 17th century and formerly used as a Post Office . Manager Jamie Jamieson , who has worked at Bedfords for 19 years says : "  It 's a beautiful space with lots of exposed original features . Every time I show people round they say ` wow . ' It has all the old stonework and a vaulted ceiling . " Listed as an ancient monument , the crypt was once used as a creche for the children of the office workers in the main building -- enough to give any child nightmares . Bombings during WWII meant that many of Norwich 's crypts collapsed or were filled with rubble . This is one of the few survivors , where you can find anything from a DJ night to a salsa dance class -- and even the odd wedding after-party . Bedfords Bar , 1 Old Post Office Yard , Norwich , Norfolk NR2 1SL ; +44 1603 666869	Trinity Place involves walking through a set of two century old 35-ton bank vault doors Descend two spiral staircases to enter Bunkr Parukarka , a nuclear bunker built by the Czech Communist party in the 1950s Bedfords Bar is located in one of Norwich 's last surviving crypts
CNN  -- Saying that "  it 's time to burn the beret and bury the blue dress , " Monica Lewinsky is writing for the first time about her affair with Bill Clinton . "  I , myself , deeply regret what happened between me and President Clinton . Let me say it again : I. Myself . Deeply . Regret . What . Happened , " says the now 40-year-old Lewinsky in the upcoming issue of Vanity Fair . Lewinsky maintains the relationship in the 1990s was one between two consenting adults . "  Sure , my boss took advantage of me , but I will always remain firm on this point : it was a consensual relationship . Any ` abuse ' came in the aftermath , when I was made a scapegoat in order to protect his powerful position , " Lewinsky writes . While a White House intern in 1995 , Lewinsky began a sexual relationship with Clinton . The ensuing political scandal and investigation resulted in the Democratic President 's impeachment by the Republican-led House . The Senate acquitted him of the charges . Lewinsky has stayed virtually silent about the affair the past decade . She writes in Vanity Fair that "  the buzz in some circles has been that the Clintons must have paid me off ; why else would I have refrained from speaking out ? I can assure you that nothing could be further from the truth . " But she adds that it 's time to stop "  tiptoeing around my past -- and other people 's futures . I am determined to have a different ending to my story . I 've decided , finally , to stick my head above the parapet so that I can take back my narrative and give a purpose to my past .  What this will cost me , I will soon find out .  " Lewinsky was constantly in the media during and shortly after the controversy . She sold a line of handbags in 1999 and the next year she appeared in commercials for diet company Jenny Craig . In 2002 , she appeared in an HBO special on the affair , and the next year she hosted a reality dating program . Lewinsky changed course in 2005 , moving to Britain to obtain a masters degree in social psychology at the London School of Economics . She 's stayed out of the spotlight since . In the Vanity Fair article , Lewinsky responds to reports made public in February that Hillary Clinton , in correspondence with close friend Diane Blair during the 1990s , had characterized Lewinsky as a "  narcissistic loony toon . " Lewinsky writes that her first thought was : "  If that 's the worst thing she said , I should be so lucky . " She continued , "  Mrs. Clinton , I read , had supposedly confided to Blair that , in part , she blamed herself for her husband 's affair  by being emotionally neglectful  and seemed to forgive him . Although she regarded Bill as having engaged in ` gross inappropriate behavior , ' the affair was , nonetheless , ` consensual  was not a power relationship  . ' " Blair 's personal writings gave insight into the former first lady 's views on the Lewinsky scandal , as well as a host of other issues . The papers were donated by Blair 's family to the University of Arkansas . Asked about those conversations between Hillary Clinton and Blair , Lewinsky writes : "  Yes , I get it . Hillary Clinton wanted it on record that she was lashing out at her husband 's mistress . She may have faulted her husband for being inappropriate , but I find her impulse to blame the Woman-not only me , but herself-troubling . " And she rejects the "  narcissistic loony toon " label , saying that she refused to cooperate with interrogators offering the then-24 year old immunity from the threat of jail time in return for wearing a wire to monitor staged conversations with two of Clinton 's confidantes . " "  Courageous or foolish , maybe , " Lewinsky writes , "  but narcissistic and loony ? " The full article will appear in the June issue of Vanity Fair , which will be available in New York and Los Angeles and on the iPhone , iPad , Nook , and Kindle - on May 8 . The magazine will hit national newsstands on May 13 . Clintons ' relationship with media still testy after all these years In political extramarital affairs , the mistress rarely emerges unscathed CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Monica Lewinsky speaks out on affair that led to Clinton impeachment She says in Vanity Fair article that she "  deeply " regrets what happened Lewinsky says her "  boss took advantage of me , " but the relationship was consensual She responds to reports of how Hillary Clinton responded to the scandal
University Avenue , Yangon  CNN  -- I am surfing the Internet from Aung San Suu Kyi 's garden . That sentence implies several minor miracles . The fact that I am in the country at all is surprising . I was deported for my reporting on the repression here ... twice . Now I have been invited back with the White House press pack , my past "  sins " apparently forgotten . To be here at this most famous house is strangely moving . I 'd driven past it on numerous occasions when Daw Suu was under house arrest -- the secret police watching the entrance , whispering into their radios , as they saw a car full of Westerners approaching . You could n't even stop on this part of University Avenue in those days , let alone wander around the manicured garden of "  the Lady . " Now I am waiting for her most famous visitor yet -- U.S. President Barack Obama will be stopping here for a chat . Read more : Obama to urge Myanmar not to extinguish ` flickers of progress ' It is the historic culmination of three years of hard diplomacy . The U.S. policy of sanctions was clearly failing : punishing the people and leaving the elite free to plunder the rich resources of this benighted country . In 2009 , the White House initiated a review of policy towards the country it still stubbornly calls Burma . It resulted in a significant shift toward Myanmar . Engagement was the watchword . But few dared to predict how quickly events would move . Officials here are frank about their astonishment . Do n't forget it was only just over two years ago that Suu Kyi was still under house arrest and the whole road map to democracy seemed a sham . Now she is not only free , but meeting leaders around the world . She is an elected member of parliament , and President Thein Sein has even talked about her one day being a future leader . It 's important not to get too carried away . Poverty is still endemic , 25 % of the country does n't have electricity , healthcare is parlous , ethnic conflict still stalks verdant hills in the north and what amounts to ethnic cleansing of Rohingya Muslims continues in the west . The Army still controls politics and business . Hundreds of political prisoners languish behind bars . But there is something in the air here that has been so desperately lacking in the past : hope . Read more : Myanmar 's president grants prisoners amnesty Its enticing scent is wafting through the carefully-tended roses of Daw Suu 's garden . And there 's something else in the air here too : Wifi ! In a country where Internet access is restricted , slow and very expensive , the fact that I can email photos and text wirelessly in a garden -- in Myanmar -- is incredible . Another minor miracle . Let me say it again : I am surfing the internet from Aung San Suu Kyi 's garden .	CNN 's Dan Rivers back in Myanmar after being deported ... twice He 's emailing from Aung San Suu Kyi 's garden ahead of a visit by Barack Obama U.S. president is on historic trip to Myanmar Monday as part of Asian tour Obama is first sitting U.S. president to visit Myanmar after years of repressive military rule
MarthaStewart.com  -- This is a collection of excerpts from "  Living the Good Long Life " by Martha Stewart , published by Clarkson Potter . Combine travel with exercise I love to walk . But when I discovered hiking , it took walking to a whole new level . Suddenly , I found I could combine walking with my passion for traveling . In one sense , it 's just walking , but it takes me to new heights , literally . I 've hiked all over Acadia National Park in Maine , near where I have my summer home , but it 's fun to figure out where else in the world I want to hike . So far I 've accomplished a few major hikes , such as Mount Kilimanjaro , the Inca Trail , and Northern Sikkim . They were all so fabulous and memorable . Next I 'd love to do some trails in China . My favorite workout I started lifting weights many years ago , and I 've always enjoyed it . I like feeling strong -- I can literally feel the improvement after each workout , and I know that at minimum I 'm increasing my strength , my bone mass , and maintaining my weight  especially when I 'm making up for some delicious indulgence at dinner the night before  . Martha Stewart Living : The no-sweat summer workout Because I now have good overall strength and am usually pressed for time , Mary , my trainer , has me doing two-in-one moves that are really wonderful . For instance , I 'll lie on my back on a bench , holding weights in both hands and arms open perpendicular to the bench . As I bring my hands together in a "  fly , " I bend one knee to my chest and extend the other leg with each move . The works the chest , legs , and core in one move ! Martha Stewart Living : Top tips for healthy summer skin Take a different route every day I almost never take the same route twice . I follow different paths through the woods or around the farm , and in the city , I wander down various streets to peek in on new restaurants or shops . I take new routes coming into the city so there 's always something novel and interesting to look at -- new architecture , a field , or a reservoir I had n't seen before . It helps the brain to always keep things interesting ! And you 'll never be bored . Play games socially I am not a big social game player , but the value of knowing a fun card game or word or numbers game to play when there is downtime is very beneficial . I like cards but have really never had a lot of that "  downtime " to engage in poker or bridge or even canasta . I recently learned an easy card game called Gozo that can be played by up to five people , and uses two decks of cards . It is a lot of fun and very engaging . I do promise , however , to really learn both poker and bridge , and I also promise to one day have some of that elusive downtime we all dream about . Martha Stewart Living : 13 crazy beauty tricks that really work Meeting my mother 's friends When my mother died , I was astonished by how many people came to her funeral . It was standing-room only in this large Catholic church in Weston , Connecticut . Honestly , I had no idea how many friends she had ! I knew that she kept busy ; she was always writing letters , calling to catch up , offering to drive someone to do errands or see the doctor . But I saw that she was so extremely connected to the people in her town . Talking to these friends after the service was such as lovely , moving experience . They each offered me some little reminiscence of my mom -- stories , insights , and memories . We all need to work harder on social skills -- visiting , remembering birthdays , taking trips together -- with both friends and family . Martha Stewart Living : 11 secrets for a happy and healthy summer Create a bucket list Keep a list of things you want to do or feel you must do during your lifetime -- and then checking them off before you kick the bucket -- is a really good thing . That 's why movies like "  The Bucket List " resonate with so many of us . It certainly resonated with me . While on a photo shoot in Palm Springs , California , it was important to me to visit Joshua Tree National Park . Known for its incredible rock formations and its extraordinary vegetative wonders , it had long been on my "  bucket list . " It was well worth the early 4 a.m. departure and the long drive into the desert . It is one of those places I will never forget . Martha Stewart Living : 10 ultra firming face masks Just move on There are any number of incredibly challenging things that I have to deal with every day -- I get mixed news on a financial report , or I have to make a speech in front of hundreds of people . So I long ago developed the ability to deal with stress : you just have to solve one problem immediately and , if you have to let off some steam . A good way to do this is by going for a quick walk . And then , perhaps most important , you move on . You do n't ruminate or worry , but keep moving forward . Life is a pile of problems that have to be solved one way or another , and the best way is to look at each one individually , figure it out , and move on . Treat your feet well I never wear the same shoes two days in a row . Rather , I rotate through high heels , medium heels , low heels , and flats . Also , I do not confine my feet . I never wear shoes at home , and when I 'm riding in the car , my feet are bare so I can wiggle my toes and give my feet some air . I also walk barefoot on gravel all the time . I like to walk on all different kinds of surfaces , particularly when I hike . Practicing walking on uneven surfaces  safely !  is good for foot health , because it strengthens the ankles and improves balance . Martha Stewart Living : 9 color boosting and nourishing hair care treatments Be proactive Living well is not a passive act . It is imperative to be engaged in taking care of ourselves . In addition to exercising and maintaining a varied and nutritious diet , one of the most important things I do for myself is to make sure I consult the right professionals at the right times . I try my best to schedule my routine doctor visits and age-appropriate medical tests for the entire year all at once , using the advice of my primary-care physician  very important to have one  . That way , nothing gets forgotten and everything will be done when it should be . Get those appointments on you calendar now if you have n't already -- and see how good it feels to take charge of your health .	Martha Stewart shares her secrets for living well and living long There is great value in knowing a fun , group card game Do n't just create a bucket list : Move on from ruminations
CNN  -- A 21-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen from Somalia was sentenced Wednesday to 30 years in prison for plotting to bomb a 2010 Christmas-tree lighting ceremony in Portland , Oregon . Mohamed Osman Mohamud was convicted after a two-week trial last year on one count of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction , namely explosives . Mohamud was a 19-year-old Oregon State University student when he was arrested on November 26 , 2010 , and accused of trying to blow up what he believed to be an explosives-laden van parked near a holiday event in Pioneer Courthouse Square , authorities said . The bomb was actually a fake planted by federal agents involved in the extensive undercover operation . Mohamud described the device as "  beautiful , " according to his arrest affidavit . Born in Mogadishu in 1991 , Mohamud moved to the United States and became a naturalized U.S. citizen , settling in the northwestern Oregon city of Corvallis . Years before he enrolled at Oregon State University , he 'd started thinking of taking part in a violent jihad , according to the U.S. Justice Department . In February 2009 , he began exchanging the first of about 150 emails with Samir Khan , a now-deceased al Qaeda member who published two online publications tied to the terrorist group , Jihad Recollections and Inspire . According to the Justice Department , Mohamud wrote several articles under assumed names for the former publication . The Oregon resident began communicating electronically in August 2009 with another accused terrorist , Amro Al-Ali , who is now being held in his native Saudi Arabia on terrorist charges , federal authorities said . The two discussed Mohamud 's possible travel first to Yemen and then to Pakistan 's Northwest Frontier province for terrorist training . "  Yes that would be wonderful , just tell me what I need to do , " Mohamud wrote back in December 2009 , the affidavit stated . That trip never happened , despite Mohamud 's efforts to contact intermediaries to facilitate it . But he was reached in summer 2010 by a man who , unbeknownst to him , was an undercover FBI employee . The FBI investigation moved to another level , including several discussions and trips involving Mohamud and undercover agents . On November 4 , 2010 , on the way back from a trial run to a remote location to detonate a bomb , he was asked what he hoped would happen to those attending the Portland holiday ceremony , a family event that includes people of all ages . "  I want whoever is attending that event to leave ... either dead or injured , " Mohamud said , the affidavit states . Having canvassed to the area to find a spot to inflict the most casualties , Mohamud got what he believed to be a live bomb from the undercover agents . But the device was inert , and after his second attempt to detonate it , Mohamud was arrested . Opinion : Lone wolves are biggest terror threat CNN 's Amanda Watts and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Mohamed Osman Mohamud , a naturalized citizen , gets 30 years in bomb plot Feds say he planned to bomb a 2010 Christmas ceremony in Portland , Oregon Mohamud said he wanted people to leave "  dead or injured , " an affidavit says He exchanged emails with al Qaeda member and another terrorist suspect
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen ` shighest military authority Sunday announced its willingness to open channels of dialogue with al Qaeda in hopes of reaching a long-term cease-fire agreement . The military committee was formed as part of the power transfer deal in November . Spokesman Ali Saeed Obaid told CNN that the new Yemeni military leadership is opening its hands and will seek new solutions with al Qaeda fighters . Al Qaeda currently controls large areas in the southern Abyan and Shabwa provinces of Yemen . "  We are offering al Qaeda a chance to be involved in the political decisions in the country through politics , rather than forcing their views with the use of arms , " Obaid said . Vice President Abdurabu Hadi is chairman of the committee , which is responsible for rebuilding the Yemeni military . "  The committee is hoping that al Qaeda lays down its arms and participates in seeking change democratically , like the millions in Yemen , " Obaid said , adding that al Qaeda would in return handover all territories under its control to the military and evacuate government posts . Al Qaeda has not yet responded to the offer , the committee said . Yemen 's government is in the midst of a transfer of power in which President Ali Abdullah Saleh , a longtime United States ally in the war on terrorism , has agreed to step down after more than 33 years of rule . Islamist militants seized control of Abyan last May after government positions were suddenly emptied . The province was announced an Islamic emirate a week later , resulting in hundreds of fighters joining their lines . Hundreds of troops and fighters have been killed daily as part of their efforts to rid the province of the fighters . More than 100,000 residents of Abyan evacuated the province when clashes intensified last July . They are currently living in shelters in the neighboring provinces of Aden and Lahj . Last month , a committee formed by Hadi persuaded al Qaeda fighters in Radda , in the nearby province of al-Baitha , to evacuate the area two weeks after they took it over . Suspected al Qaeda fighters left the town after five days of tense negotiations in exchange for the release of three prisoners , Hadi 's office said at the time .	The offer is in hopes of reaching a long-term cease-fire Al Qaeda currently controls large areas of two Yemeni provinces The group has not yet responded to the offer
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Sunday night 's "  2009 MTV Video Music Awards " will feature a personal tribute from Janet Jackson to her late brother , MTV said . Michael Jackson receives the Legend Award during the 2006 MTV Video Music Awards . Michael Jackson fans also will get their first peek during the MTV show at the behind-the-scenes documentary of the pop star 's final three months , the network said . MTV announced this week that Janet Jackson "  will help open " its video music awards show Sunday night with a tribute to her brother . No other details about her "  special appearance " were released . The trailer for the upcoming documentary "  Michael Jackson : This Is It " will also debut on the MTV show . It comes a month after concert promoter AEG Live handed over to Sony Pictures about 100 hours of video captured between April and June , when Jackson was preparing for his concert comeback . Fans who miss the MTV show , which will air live at 9 p.m. ET Sunday at New York 's Radio City Music Hall , can preview the documentary online at www.thisisit-movie.com beginning Sunday night , the network said . See guests arrive to awards show " British comedian Russell Brand will return to host Sunday 's Video Music Awards for the second straight year . It will be the first time the awards show has aired from New York since 2006 .	MTV says Janet Jackson will give tribute to her late brother Also promised : First look at documentary of pop star 's final three months The show airs live starting at 9 p.m. ET Sunday
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Rescue operations have ended in Iran after two strong earthquakes that killed at least 250 people , the semi-official Fars news agency reported Sunday . Another 1,800 people were injured in the quakes that shook East Azarbaijan province in northwest Iran on Saturday , the report said , citing Deputy Interior Minister Hassan Qaddami . State-run Press TV said more than 2,000 were injured , while the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency said the death toll could be as high as 300 . 250 killed as strong quakes jolt northwestern Iran Scores of villages were destroyed or damaged by the quakes . Qaddami , speaking to Fars , said a total of 110 villages were damaged . "  All those under debris have been rescued and the quake-stricken people are now being provided with their basic needs , " said Qaddami . Thousands of tents were set up throughout the stricken region , and tens of thousands of cans of food were distributed , Iranian officials said . The quakes damaged historic monuments , including the roof of Shahabeddin Ahari 's tomb and the Qasem Khan Ahari house , among other sites , Press TV said . Pope Benedict XVI said his thoughts were with those affected , as well as others facing natural disasters , IRNA reported . Other world leaders , including Russian President Vladimir Putin , expressed condolences . The United Arab Emirates offered assistance , IRNA reported . The quakes struck near Tabriz , the country 's fourth-largest city . The cities of Ahar and Varzagan are the hardest hit , Khalil Saei , the provincial director of crisis management , told IRNA . The first earthquake , with a magnitude of 6.4 , hit Saturday at 4:53 p.m. local time , 37 miles northeast of Tabriz , according to the U.S. Geological Survey , which measured 11 aftershocks . Just 11 minutes later , a second quake , measuring 6.3 , struck 30 miles northeast of Tabriz . A series of aftershocks followed , including one measuring 4.4 magnitude , according to the USGS . There were no immediate reports of further damage or casualties . Authorities asked residents to spend the night outdoors as a safety precaution . Iran sits on major fault lines -- the collision of the Arabia and Eurasia plates -- and has been prone to devastating earthquakes . Nine years ago , 30,000 people died in an earthquake in Bam in southeastern Kerman province . In 1990 , about 50,000 were killed in a quake near the Caspian Sea . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : Iranian news agencies give different casualty figures NEW : One aftershock measured 4.4 magnitude , according to the USGS NEW : Historic sites were damaged NEW : Pope Benedict XVI says his thoughts are with those affected
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- One of the Marines shown in a famous World War II photograph raising the U.S. flag on Iwo Jima was posthumously awarded a certificate of U.S. citizenship on Tuesday . The Marine Corps War Memorial in Virginia depicts Strank and five others raising a flag on Iwo Jima . Sgt. Michael Strank , who was born in Czechoslovakia and came to the United States when he was 3 , derived U.S. citizenship when his father was naturalized in 1935 . However , U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services recently discovered that Strank never was given citizenship papers . At a ceremony Tuesday at the Marine Corps Memorial -- which depicts the flag-raising -- in Arlington , Virginia , a certificate of citizenship was presented to Strank 's younger sister , Mary Pero . Strank and five other men became national icons when an Associated Press photographer captured the image of them planting an American flag on top of Mount Suribachi on February 23 , 1945 . Strank was killed in action on the island on March 1 , 1945 , less than a month before the battle between Japanese and U.S. forces there ended . Jonathan Scharfen , the acting director of CIS , presented the citizenship certificate Tuesday . He hailed Strank as "  a true American hero and a wonderful example of the remarkable contribution and sacrifices that immigrants have made to our great republic throughout its history . "	Marine Sgt. Michael Strank was among six who famously raised flag on Iwo Jima Strank , born in Czechoslovakia , became a U.S. citizen after his father was naturalized Strank , killed on Iwo Jima in World War II battle , did n't receive citizenship papers Certificate given to his sister on Tuesday
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI has canceled a planned visit to a prestigious Italian university after a protest by academics and students attacked his views on Galileo , the Vatican confirmed Tuesday . The pope had been due to give a speech at La Sapienza university in Rome Thursday to open its academic year . However , the visit drew criticism from academics at the university who signed a letter demanding that the trip be called off . Separately , students protested outside the university , carrying banners insisting the university is a lay institution and the pope is not welcome . "  Given the events of the past days regarding the visit of the Holy Father to La Sapienza university upon the rector 's invitation , which was scheduled to take place Thursday , January 17 , it was decided to postpone the event , " the Vatican said in a short written statement . Father Ciro Benedettini , a spokesman for the Vatican , confirmed to CNN the academic protests had prompted the cancellation . In the letter , academics -- pointing to a speech the pope gave at the same university as a cardinal in 1990 -- claimed he condones the 1633 trial and conviction of the scientist Galileo for heresy . The astronomer had argued that the Earth revolved around the Sun , in contradiction to church teachings at the time , and he was forced to renounce his findings publicly . In comments made 15 years ago when he was still a cardinal , Pope Benedict is reported to have called the trial "  reasonable and just . " During his speech , the pope -- then Cardinal Ratzinger -- quoted an Austrian philosopher Paul Feyerabend , saying , "  At the time of Galileo , the church remained more loyal  or faithful  to reason than Galileo himself . Andreas Srova , a physics professor at the university , said it would have been inappropriate for the pope to appear for the inauguration . Srova , who signed the protest letter and is the author of a book detailing the 1633 trial , said he is "  very satisfied " that the Vatican decided to cancel the trip . "  We have no objections to the pope visiting at any other time when there can be exchanges of opinion , but not at the inauguration , " he said . "  It was a mistake to ask him to come at this time . " CNN 's Rome bureau chief Alessio Vinci said it was quite extraordinary for the pope to cancel the visit just because of the objections of the students and professors . It Is especially surprising , he said , given that this is the same pope that made a controversial visit to Turkey last year . Pope Benedict went to the predominantly Muslim country despite strained relations between the Vatican and the Islamic world following a lecture the pope gave at a German university in which he made unflattering comments about the Islamic faith . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Hada Messia also contributed to this report .	Pope cancels visit to Italian university after protest over his views on Galileo Benedict XVI due to give speech at La Sapienza university in Rome Thursday Academics said pope condones 1633 trial and conviction of Galileo for heresy
CNN  -- The musician Bjork is releasing the first ever app-album . It 's called "  Biophilia , " and it goes on sale in the Apple App Store on Tuesday . The app-album is a collection of games , visualizations and musical scores that accompany Bjork 's songs , which also is available for a traditional audio-only download . Each song , in effect , becomes its own visual-and-audio experience , letting Bjork 's fans interact with her songs in an entirely new way . The main "  Biophilia " app is available for free . Each sub-application , which contains a song and some sort of interactive game , costs 99-cents , or $ 9.99 for the whole album . A non-app version of the album also is available . The Icelandic artist is known for being innovative . Her 2004 album "  Medulla " was composed almost entirely from human voices , which were remixed into a myriad of sounds . On "  Volta , " she used touch-sensitive instruments that predate the iPad . "  Apps and iPads are just tools -- they have to be human and they have to have soul , " she said . Bjork sat down with CNN to talk about the creative process and purpose behind "  Biophilia . " You can listen to a CNN Radio Report podcast of the interview . The following is a transcript : CNN : How did the idea of creating an app for your album or wanting to make your music interactive first come about ? Bjork : Well , believe it or not , this project started because I wanted to simplify things , and then ended up being one of the most complex things I 've done . But the initial idea , in a way , was because of the arrival of the touch screen . I was already on my last tour from 2006 to 2008 , the "  Volta " tour . I had a touch screen instrument called the Lemur and another one called Reactable . And I was performing or people who were playing with me in the band were on those . Once the tour was finished in 2008 , I was excited not just to perform with touch screens , but to write with them or kind of use it as much as you could . For me , it tapped into an issue I had as a child and sort of had since . CNN : Even before you started with this project and started developing with these technologies to write these songs in creative ways , what has been your experience with listening to music ? How do you experience music ? Is this something you wish had been around before as a way for you to interact with other artists ' music ? Bjork : That 's a good question , I never really thought about that . Yeah , for sure ! People obviously tend to be scared of new tools and always think they have no soul in them . The reason why there is no soul in them is because no one put it there , like you can not really blame the tool ... Obviously technology is so sophisticated now that you ... do n't have to be the biggest programming genius on Earth to do it . You can do it now in a simple way . And I feel if some of my favorite musicians would do something like this , it would obviously be important that they would do something that is idiosyncratic for them . That it is not just accessorizing their music just for the novelty factor . Because tools are just tools and obviously apps and iPads are just tools , they have to be human and they have to have soul . CNN : Could you elaborate on the educational workshops that you 'll be doing and why they are important for you ? Bjork : The core of this project is kind of educational , not only that I want to teach basic musicology for beginners , but it actually ended up being the project that I learned most . I feel like I 've been three years in this intense university . So that 's really the core of the project . It 's hard to say why . Maybe I 'll look back in 10 years time and say why . It felt like the shows are only a part when I 'm obviously singing and expressing myself . But it also had to be the other angle where the kids could come and they could express themselves and be interactive . So far , we 've gotten offers from some natural history museums and science museums around the planet . Because it would be nice if it was not just the musical side of things , but also the biological . For example , they could come in and they could play with crystals and biologists could tell them about crystals . And musicologists could tell them about structures in music . Then they can get the app to try it out , write their own little songs , and put it on a USB key and take it home . That 's the way I think it will work best in the spirit of the project . It can not really be without that aspect . CNN : What do you hope people can get out of this app and this experience of interacting with your music ? Bjork : For me , obviously , I want to show that there 's connection between nature and music ... It 's kind of an interesting project because I understand it more now that I am doing interviews than when I was doing it -- that the core or idea of this project is taking something that has usually been quite academic or bookish and making it impulsive and tactile . So actually explaining it or doing an interview about it or writing or reading a press release about it , makes it sound like 500 times more complicated that it actually is . It 's like trying to explain how to dance in an e-mail . If you would just turn it on and do it together , it 'd be way easier . I am hoping that it would sort of dissolve this VIP status that musicology has -- that 's in only for the chosen few , if you are super clever , and you 've studied for billions of years , you understand about scales .	Bjork 's new album , "  Biophilia , " debuts on Tuesday It is billed as the world 's first "  app album " Each song is an app with an interactive game attached The Icelandic musician is known for her innovative style
New York  CNN  -- The boyfriend of a 33-year-old swimsuit designer , whose bruised body was found in a bathtub at an exclusive New York hotel on Thursday , has been charged in her death , officials said . Nick Brooks , 24 , whose father -- Joseph Brooks -- is the Oscar-winning composer and director who produced the song "  You Light Up My Life , " was charged with attempted murder and strangulation in the death of Sylvie Cachay , police said Friday . According to CNN affiliate WABC , authorities are treating the death as a homicide . However , Brooks can not be charged with murder until the medical examiner determines the death was the result of a homicide . Police discovered Cachay , whose designs had been considered a celebrity favorite , at the Soho House club and hotel , according to a New York police spokesman who declined to be named , citing agency policy . Blog : Cachay remembered as ` light personified ' Brooks was Cachay 's boyfriend , according to CNN affiliate WABC . Cachay 's body sustained bruising on the neck and bite marks , and was found clothed in the hotel room bathtub , the spokesman said . The city medical examiner said Friday the initial autopsy was inconclusive . The office will provide more details surrounding Cachay 's death "  pending toxicology and tissue testing , which would take a few weeks , " said spokeswoman Grace Burgess . "  Sylvie Cachay was one of those rare individuals who truly sparkled when she spoke , " said publicist Kate Godici . "  She will be deeply and painfully missed , yet celebrated , honored and never forgotten . " The elder Brooks was indicted on multiple counts of sexual assault earlier this year , according to New York Supreme court documents . The younger Brooks is currently in police custody , the spokesman said .	NEW : Nick Brooks is charged with attempted murder and strangulation City medical examiner says the initial autopsy is inconclusive A swimsuit designer was found dead in a bathtub at an exclusive New York hotel on Thursday Sylvie Cachay sustained bruising on her neck and bite marks , police said
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Dubai has forgiven the nearly $ 7 billion Baghdad owes it , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki announced Sunday . UAE President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan has promised to appoint an ambassador to Iraq . UAE President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan promised to "  put out these debts , " appoint an ambassador to Baghdad , and "  help Iraq building the holy shrines that were targeted by the terrorists , " al-Maliki said in a written statement . Al-Maliki and the sheikh met Sunday , the first day of a two-day official visit . Al-Maliki was accompanied by the Iraqi ministers of Interior , Commerce and Industry . "  Our biggest challenge is now the reconstruction and rehabilitation of the economic situation and to provide services to our citizens , " al-Maliki said . Debt relief is a major issue for Iraq , and the United States has urged other nations to forgive Iraqi debt , most of which is held by Arab states , U.S. Deputy Treasury Secretary Robert Kimmitt said in late May . Also , the UAE Cabinet on Sunday nominated Abdullah Ibrahim al-Shehhi to be the country 's ambassador to Iraq . Al-Shehhi , who previously served as the Emirates ' ambassador to India , is to travel to Iraq after his nomination is confirmed . An official government source said the UAE intends to reopen its embassy in Baghdad by the end of the year . The United States and other nations have urged Arab countries to post ambassadors to Iraq , reopen embassies and forge closer relationships with Iraq 's government . The UAE mission in Iraq has n't been active since a UAE diplomat was kidnapped and released two years ago . The year before that , two Iraqis working for that mission were killed . No ambassador from an Arab country has been stationed permanently in Iraq since July 2005 , when Egypt 's ambassador , Dr. Ihab al-Sherif , was abducted from a Baghdad street and slain . Al Qaeda claimed responsibility for the assassination , saying it had killed al-Sherif because of Egypt 's foreign policies and its alliances with the United States and Israel . The UAE 's announcement Sunday came a month after its foreign minister , Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed al-Nahyan , visited Baghdad . During that visit , al-Nahyan extended the official invitation that brought al-Maliki to Dubai . Iraq 's government said that al-Nahyan 's one-day visit was the first to Iraq by a Gulf Cooperation Council foreign minister since the 2003 U.S-led invasion that toppled the regime of President Saddam Hussein . The Gulf Cooperation Council also includes Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , Qatar and Saudi Arabia . Prior to al-Nahyan 's visit , only Syria and Jordan had sent foreign ministers to Iraq in the post-Saddam Hussein era . The Arab League 's secretary-general has also visited . War and the Sunni-Shiite rivalry in Iraq and the Muslim world have slowed the Arab world 's re-establishment of diplomatic relations with Iraq . Iraq 's mixed population is mostly Arab with some Kurds and Turkmens , and mostly Shiite Muslim , with a Sunni Muslim minority . Most Arab countries -- including the UAE -- are Sunni-ruled . Iraq 's government is Shiite-dominated and it is forging a close relationship with its neighbor , the non-Arab Shiite nation of Iran -- a development that concerns Arab nations wary of Iran 's Islamic Republic government . Al-Maliki 's government is seeking to develop close ties to all countries of the region . CNN 's Caroline Faraj in Dubai and Mohammed Tawfeeq in Baghdad contributed to this report .	President of United Arab Emirates agrees to cancel all Iraq 's debts to the nation West has urged nations to forgive billions in Iraqi debt UAE Cabinet nominates Abdullah Ibrahim al-Shehhi to be ambassador to Iraq
CNN  -- While anxiously awaiting the September 30 season premiere of "  Homeland , " you likely have a lot of remaining questions about season one : Will Carrie remember that Brody knew Issa ? What happened to the Brody confession video ? Why would someone eat peanut butter off a ruler ? And of course : Did Jessica keep her hair short , the way Brody apparently "  always liked it ? " Morena Baccarin , who plays military wife and mother Jessica Brody on the Emmy-nominated Showtime hit , is featured in the October issue of Esquire magazine . In the piece , writer Tom Chiarella calls Baccarin "  the most beautiful woman in the world "  six times  , but notes that the actress ' hair "  appears to be in transition , caught somewhere between Alien Queen and Weepy Soldier 's Wife . "  What happened to the pixie cut she featured in her brief but epic run on the more recent resurrection of "  V ? " Chiarella asks . Baccarin , 33 , explained to "  Esquire " that after having had "  superlong " hair "  forever , " she took on a role that called for short hair and for years afterward volleyed between cutting it and wearing wigs . For the past four years , however , she 's kept her locks super short -- in the pre-haircut "  Homeland " episodes she 's actually wearing a wig . Now , Baccarin said , she 's "  growing it out for ` Homeland ' . " How We First Got to Know Morena Baccarin ... With entire online message boards devoted to Baccarin 's hair , the consensus is this : the public is largely taken aback when a gorgeous woman sports a short haircut . In the December 2011 issue of Elle UK , actress Michelle Williams , who 's worn a pixie-style cut for years , admitted "  straight men across the board are not into this hair ! I cut it for the one straight man who has ever liked short hair and I wear it in memorial of somebody who really loved it . " Williams ' cropped tresses are a tribute to the late actor Heath Ledger , with whom she has a daughter , Matilda . Incidentally , Williams said that 6-year-old Matilda would love to see her mom with long hair . Anne Hathaway 's hair is currently in a pixie style , too , but she had to cut it in order to play Fantine , the terminally-ill prostitute who sells her hair in "  Les Miserables . " Hathaway told Kelly Ripa on "  Live ! " that the cut left her "  inconsolable , " reducing her to "  mental patient-level crying . " What We Know About Homeland 's Next Season There are , of course , many beautiful actresses other than Baccarin , Williams and Hathaway who have successfully , if briefly , worn their hair short : Mia Farrow , Audrey Hepburn , Demi Moore , Winona Ryder and Emma Watson come to mind . That 's not to say that there has n't been a fair share of short hair backlash either . Remember when "  Felicity " cut her hair short in season two of the eponymous college drama ? If not , maybe you saw the ratings-fallout incident mentioned on "  Six Feet Under , " "  Gilmore Girls , " "  30 Rock " or "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer . " With Baccarin 's Jessica Brody transitioning into the political wife role , it 'll be interesting to see viewer reaction to her hairstyle . What about you ? How do you prefer Morena Baccarin/Jessica Brody 's hair ?	Morena Baccarin plays military wife and mother Jessica Brody on "  Homeland " Baccarin tells Esquire that for the past four years she 's kept her locks super short There are entire online message boards devoted to Baccarin 's hair Michelle Williams says her cropped tresses are a tribute to late actor Heath Ledger
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Two documentaries at this year 's Cannes Film Festival dealt with sporting legends . From left to right : Former heavyweight champ Mike Tyson , director Emir Kusturica and ex-footballer Diego Maradona at this year 's Cannes . In both cases , however , their immense achievements are coupled by an equally impressive appetite for self-destruction . The footballer Diego Maradona provides the subject for an intimate portrait by one of Europe 's most respected directors and two-time winner of the Palme d'Or , Emir Kusturica . In "  Tyson " , director James Toback uses hours of footage mixing fight sequences with interviews and photographs to tell the story of Mike Tyson 's climb from his impoverished New York childhood to fame , and then ignominy . Both have been eagerly anticipated and it 's easy to see why . When it comes to committing sporting legends to the silver screen , one equation seems to hold true -- the more controversial the better . Consequently , documentaries celebrating sporting greats like Michael Jordan or Pele tend to be unremarkable -- dealing as they are with men whose incredible talent was matched by a relaxed temperament and a shrewdness that kept them out of trouble . By contrast , two of the most critically-acclaimed sports documentaries of the last 20 years featured flawed sporting legends : the self-styled "  greatest " Muhammad Ali and the brooding French footballer Zinedine Zidane . Equally , the lives of Maradona and Tyson lend themselves perfectly to the drama of cinema . Like characters in a Shakespearean tragedy , both reached the absolute pinnacle of sporting achievement only to be laid low by a mixture of hubris , greed and their own personal demons . That Tyson and Maradona both seem to have been returned from the brink , rehabilitated and with  at least in Tyson 's case  a degree of humility , gives their stories a redemptive quality worthy of a Christian parable . "  I 've lived a wild and strange life , " Tyson told a news conference at Cannes ahead of this week 's screening . "  I 've used drugs , I 've had physical altercations with dangerous people , people were angry . I 've slept with guys ' wives , they wanted to kill me . I 'm just happy to be here . It 's just a miracle . " Read a timeline of Mike Tyson 's life Kusturica 's film about Maradona details the Argentine footballer 's well-documented problems with cocaine that saw him sent home in disgrace from the 1994 World Cup finals after he failed a drug 's test . The Bosnian-Serb director , however , is more interested in the footballer 's cultural and political significance than his off-field antics . A committed socialist and fierce critic of U.S. involvement in South America , Maradona counts among his friends the Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez . An avowed fan of the diminutive footballing genius , Kusturica told the British paper The Guardian that his film reveals "  the politically incorrect citizen against the unilateral politics of the U.S. " In the director 's eyes Maradona embodies Latin America 's underdog status against the power of the West in general , and the U.S. in particular . For example -- and England football fans of a delicate nature might want to avert eyes at this point -- Kusturica calls the game in which Maradona sent England crashing out of the 1986 World Cup , scoring twice  once with his hand  "  perhaps the first and the last time there has been justice in the world . " Read a timeline of Diego Maradona 's life To illustrate his point , Kusturica ends the film at the Aztec Stadium in Mexico City : the scene of Maradona 's routing of the English . A sports star like Maradona , whose life has transcended the sporting arena to encompass the political is a rarity . The best instance of this was Mohammed Ali , whose lightning fists and an even quicker tongue made him a legend around the world . At the same time , his outspoken political views turned him into a divisive figure in his homeland . "  When We Were Kings " tells the story of Ali 's famous comeback fight against the undefeated champion of the world George Foreman staged in then Zaire -- the so-called ` Rumble in the Jungle . ' Told through original footage and interviews with some of those who were at the fight , the film received widespread critical acclaim on its release in 1996 , winning the award for best documentary features at the Oscars . Considering the fascinating subject matter though , it 's hardly surprising . Staging the fight in Africa was a potent political symbol given the fevered state of race relations back in the U.S. . At the time of the bout in 1974 , the civil rights battles of the sixties had radicalized African-Americans and the black power movement was growing in numbers . Ali 's support for the controversial Nation of Islam and his refusal to serve in the U.S. Army in Vietnam put him at the center of much of this political upheaval . Considered past his prime , Ali 's unexpected and remarkable defeat of Foreman appeared almost a victory for African-Americans consciousness set in this context . In many ways French-born footballer Zinedine Zidane seems the polar opposite of Ali . Whilst the boxing legend spent his career trash talking opponents and waxing lyrical about his beliefs , Zidane -- who retired two years ago -- is notoriously publicity shy , preferring usually to let his football do the talking . "  Zidane : A 21st - Century Portrait " consequently focuses on the personal rather than the political , capturing the brooding intensity of the French maestro . Filmed during a Spanish league game in 2005 , Zidane 's every move , breath and emotion was captured by 17 different cameras trained on him alone for the entire match . The myopic focus is strangely hypnotic , leaving you with a sense of not only the artistry of the man but also his isolation on the football pitch . In a stadium of 80,000 his sublime talent and obsessive dedication to his sport set him apart from those around him . For all the adulation showered on these sporting greats , the film reveals just how lonely it can be at the top .	Two documentaries at the Cannes Film Festival dealt with sporting legends Mike Tyson and former footballer Diego Maradona are the subjects of films French ex-footballer Zidane was filmed by 17 cameras for a 2006 film
Lac-Megantic , Quebec  CNN  -- Edward Burkhardt said he tried to get the people of Lac-Megantic , Quebec , to hear him , to try to understand that he had traveled to their town because he genuinely cared , he told CNN in an exclusive interview Thursday . The 74-year-old chairman of Montreal , Maine & Atlantic Railway wanted to answer any questions from officials and hear people out about the anguish they feel after a driverless train carrying tank cars oil rolled out of control , exploding in an inferno . As of Friday night , 28 people were confirmed dead -- up from 24 earlier in the day -- Quebec coroner 's office spokeswoman Genevieve Guilbault said . Quebec Provincial Police Capt. Michel Forget had said a day earlier that about about 30 more were still missing . The blaze may have vaporized victims , authorities said . Burkhardt expected that he 'd face raw emotions , but was surprised that so much anger was directed at him . "  I 'd been told about it . I 'd been warned about it , " he said . "  But it was worse than I thought . I thought people would respond to my willingness to come there . I mean , they were screaming about how I took three days to get there . " The tragedy occurred Saturday . Burkhardt arrived in Lac-Megantic Wednesday . "  Well , the three days we had a dozen people on the scene and I was organizing all kinds of things that were necessary , " he said . "  And I figured I did n't really need to be in the way of people there when they were trying to put the fire out and that sort of stuff . "  I would wait till the dust settled to a certain degree and then I would come . That 's what I did , but this was not well-received at all . " On Wednesday , two middle-aged men shouted at Burkhardt as he spoke with reporters , calling him an obscene name and challenging him to walk into the heart of the tragedy . One of the men , Pierre L'Heureux , told CNN he knew at least half the people who were dead or missing . "  They should put that guy in prison , " L'Heureux said . "  He 's a murderer ... he should be in prison . " "  People wanted to throw stones at me . I showed up and they threw stones . But that does n't accomplish anything , " Burkhardt told CNN said . Graphic : Runaway train devastates Canadian town Attempts to set up meetings with city officials and rescue workers were unsuccessful , he said . "  I failed with all that , " he told CNN . "  They were too busy . They did n't want to meet . " His visit to the town was "  designed to get a healing process under way , " he said , but he was misunderstood . "  Maybe I did n't present my case very well . But I 'm not a communications professional . I 'm a manager . " The executive with more than 50 years in the railway business told CNN that he could get "  quite emotional " talking about the train disaster . "  They talked about that I had no empathy , or no sympathy , and in fact I have plenty , " he said . "  I can imagine myself being in that kind of situation and I also would be grieving and I 'd be very unhappy . I 'd be very mad about the whole thing so I certainly understand the need to vent . But it comes a point where it 's totally unproductive . " Burkhardt told CNN that that is why he has decided not to return to Lac-Megantic on Thursday . CNN spoke to him in Sherbrooke , an hour and a half outside Lac-Megantic , the closest area with an available hotel room . "  I 'm willing to come back  to Lac-Megantic  at a later date when maybe things are a little calmer , a little more settled down , " he said . CNN asked the railway executive what he believed was the cause of the disaster . "  Well , there 's no question that it 's a brake failure on the train . The train rolled away . That speaks for itself , does n't it ? " he answered . "  There 's no sugarcoating that . " "  What caused the brake failure is a bit complex it 's more than one factor , " he continued , saying that the company is still "  trying to pull all the pieces together on that . " Burkhardt has said that the train engineer reported to railroad managers that he set 11 hand brakes on the train cars before they broke away from their engines . On Wednesday , the executive said he felt "  it 's questionable " whether the engineer indeed did that . "  Our general feeling is now that is not true , " Burkhardt said Wednesday , adding that the engineer had worked for the MM&A for "  many years " and "  had a completely clear safety record up until Saturday . " Police : Evidence criminal act may have led to train crash On Thursday , the railway executive told CNN that the engineer is suspended , and Burkhardt has not spoken to him . "  The investigation is continuing , but if we decide to bring internal charges against the engineer he 's entitled to a full and impartial investigation with his union at his side , " Burkhardt said . "  We 're -- he 's got a big problem on his hands and we 're not trying to make that worse for him personally . " CNN 's Anna Coren and Adam Reiss reported near Lac-Megantic . Ashley Fantz wrote this article in Atlanta . CNN 's Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll climbs to 28 , coroner 's office spokeswoman says Railway chairman about visiting devastated town : "  People wanted to throw stones at me " Edward Burkhardt believes he was misunderstood , that he does sympathize with victims He says he has "  plenty " of empathy and understands residents "  need to vent "
New York  CNN  -- A week before Barack Obama became the first U.S. president to mention gay rights in his inauguration speech , the French had already made history on that matter . Believe it or not , on January 13 , there were half a million people on the streets of Paris , demonstrating against gay marriage . The French Catholic church is supposed to be at its last gasp , but it seemed strong enough to mobilize parishes , religious school parents and the common conservative citizen against a project of "  mariage pour tous "  marriage for everybody  , that had long been part of the new Socialist President FranÃ § ois Hollande 's election platform . Now that the law is being debated in parliament , it will likely pass within a month , but the ruckus will have stripped it of provisions deemed essential to the gay community : the equal rights , even if they are married , to start a family and raise their children . It may also trigger off a new culture war . The Church would not have enjoyed that success alone , had it not found the most unexpected and efficient leader , in the person of Virginie Tellenne , alias "  Frigide Barjot . " The nom-de-scÃ ¨ ne of this enterprising entertainer , known for her long-time connection to the RPR , the party of Jacques Chirac , means "  cookoo , " and was a rallying cry for silly demonstrations , in the 80s , against cold weather in Paris , before she met God in 2004 , and proclaimed herself "  Jesus 's PR person . " I saw her recently on a French TV channel while , in her trademark miniskirt and fishnets , she was debating a lesbian activist named Caroline Fourest , who asked Barjot how she felt about "  gathering hundred of thousand of people in a demonstration against the equal rights of another community . " She answered that she "  loved gays , " reminding the audience she often "  partied like crazy " at Bananas , a well known hangout of the hip Parisian LGBT crowd . Translation : gay was okay as long as it stayed in the "  cage aux folles , " in drag , in an entertaining margin , but certainly not in the mundane realities of everyday life , where it is way more complicated . Indeed . Frigide , just like a majority of the French , supported the civil union enacted in 1999 , the so-called Pacs , designed mainly for same sex couples . It gives some rights , but does n't legitimate partners as parents . Marriage would . And there is the rub : adoption , medically assisted procreation . "  What about the bloodline ? What about mother nature , and the right of kids raised that way to know their true origin ? , shrieked Frigide , oblivious to the fact that children adopted or medically procreated with donated eggs by straight parents have the same problem . It all boiled down , at the minute of truth , to that question : "  What about their right to be raised normally ? she asked . By a mommy and a daddy ? " Having witnessed the debate on same-sex marriage in the United States , that episode confirms one more difference between our cultures . Contrary to the Americans who , in spite of blunt evidence , still worship the act of marriage , with its fairy-tale rituals of proposing and funny kneeling , the French have a much more pessimistic , more realistic even , vision of the knot . But when it comes to families and raising kids , they seem to believe in the enchanted world of yore . In America , the same-sex unions were often seen as the sinful problem , as the Christian banners , "  Adam and Eve , not Adam and Steve " proclaimed around the country . But children were nobody else 's business for those willing to adopt , or procreate with the methods available to anyone able to pay for donated eggs , sperm or a surrogate mother . France is another story . In a country where unrealistic conditions slacken usual adoption , gay prospective parents have had to act as any straight single person would , ask for an adoption authorization , and , to improve the chances ... get the child in another country . The law debated these days may grant their partner equal parental rights for adoption . As for medically assisted procreation , it is another problem : As of today , it is simply forbidden unless the couple is heterosexual and married or able to prove they has lived together for at least two years . Surrogate mothers are prohibited in France , plain and simple . Hollande himself , though he promotes gay marriage as a progressive symbol , admitted he does n't personally favor allowing medically assisted reproduction to homosexuals , and with the assent of many socialist party officials , had these corresponding measures postponed -- for parliament to decide -- as another law to a future debate , in March , or never . One reason , besides the obvious fear of a culture war with the conservatives about sacred family values , maybe the fact that the government already pays four attempts of medically assisted procreation to heterosexual couples and does n't wish to have to extend this costly favor to gays , nor , more importantly , does it want to change at any price the national moral doctrine . Assisted reproduction is considered in France only as a way to treat the medical condition of infertility . Being gay is not an illness , neither is , for a woman , the fact that she has no man . As a consequence , French babies are born en masse from single and not-so-single mothers in nearby Belgium or Spain , where specialized services are legally available for a price . "  These children already exist in France , " concluded Caroline Fourest on the show . "  They were born from gay parents and they simply deserve to have it recognized . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Philippe Coste .	On January 13 , half a million demonstrated against gay marriage in Paris Protests took place a week before Obama mentioned gay rights in inauguration speech French have pessimistic vision of marriage compared to Americans , says Philippe Coste French only consider assisted reproduction for treating infertility , says Coste
CNN  -- It is a football fairytale even Hollywood scriptwriters might view as stretching the bounds of credibility . But in a dilapidated stadium in the north east of Bulgaria , one club 's European Champions League dream came true on Wednesday night . Ludogorets Razgrad , who had never before qualified for the group stages of the continent 's most lucrative competition , took down 1986 winners Steaua Bucharest in scarcely believable fashion . Trailing 1-0 from the first leg in Romania , Ludogorets snatched a dramatic last minute equalizer to take the knockout tie into extra time . But then disaster struck . With a penalty shootout looming , its goalkeeper Vladislav Stoyanov was sent off for a second yellow card . Romanian-born defender Cosmin Moti then donned the gloves , and safely guided his side through to the shootout . Then the fireworks really began . Not only did Moti score Ludogorets ' opening kick , he then saved two Steaua penalties to seal an incredible victory . "  This is incredible , a dream . Nobody could write such a story . I have no words to describe the feeling , " Moti , who used to play for Steaua 's rivals Dinamo Bucharest , told UEFA 's official website . "  It was the first time in my career I have played as a keeper . Sometimes in training I pretend to be a goalie , but it is the first time I 've done it with gloves on . I relied on my instincts -- there is no other way in such a situation . "  I was just taking last-second decisions on where to jump . Thank God , I saved two and we are there . This is it . This is the Champions League . Incredible . " Moti 's heroics were made all the more remarkable given he performed them in front of legendary Steaua goalkeeper Helmut Ducadam , the club 's honorary president . Ducadam made four successive saves in Steaua 's 1986 penalty shootout with Barcelona in the European Cup final , delivering the trophy for his side . "  Ducadam is the probably the greatest Romanian goalkeeper , " Moti said . "  I grew up with the stories about that final . He is a legend . " After the match , Ludogorets coach Georgi Dermendviev revealed Moti often has a go in goal during training . "  Sometimes during training sessions we practice penalties and he has a habit of going in goal for fun , " he said . "  I asked him whether he wanted to take the gloves it and he agreed . "  I told him not to jump prematurely and wait . He has a good instinct and reaction . But after all this is incredible . He has never even trained with gloves . " Now it seems Ludogorets ' regular goalkeeper Stoyanov faces a fight to regain his place as No. 1 at the club . "  Yes , it seems we have too many goalkeepers in the team , " he joked . "  I was not afraid when I saw him putting on the gloves . There is no guarantee I would have done better . "  I have no words to describe this game . I had to make the foul , the Steaua player was too quick . But this is our dream , this is the result of sweat and hard work . " Ludogorets now takes its place in the draw on Thursday alongside European powerhouses Real Madrid -- the defending champions -- Barcelona , Bayern Munich and Juventus .	Bulgarian club Ludogorets Razgrad qualify for Champions League group stages Defender Cosmin Moti the hero after going in goal for the decisive penalty shootout Moti scores his own penalty and then saves two from Steaua Bucharest players "  Nobody could write such a story , " says Moti after the fairytale is completed
NEW YORK  CNN  -- One of the sweeping criminal complaints unveiled Thursday in New Jersey against 44 public officials and others includes a New York man accused of trying to arrange the private sale of a kidney from a donor in Israel . Levy Izhak Rosenbaum , who lives in Brooklyn and is not a licensed physician or medical professional , faces charges of acting as a human organ broker . He offered to obtain a kidney for an undercover FBI agent and a confidential witness working for authorities , the criminal complaint says . The price was $ 160,000 . "  I am what you call a matchmaker , " Rosenbaum is quoted as saying at a July 13 meeting with the two undercover agents . The undercover FBI agent told Rosenbaum one of her uncles needed a kidney because he had been on dialysis for two years and on a transplant list at a Philadelphia hospital , the complaint says . The first meeting took place at Rosenbaum 's home on February 18 , 2008 , three days after the confidential witness contacted Rosenbaum by telephone , the document says . At that meeting , the complaint alleges , Rosenbaum said he could obtain a kidney for $ 150,000 . He later raised the price to $ 160,000 . "  I 'm doing this a long time , " the complaint says Rosenbaum told the two agents . He then added : "  Let me explain to you one thing . It 's illegal to buy or sell organs . ... So you can not buy it . What you do is , you 're giving a compensation for the time . " At their last meeting , on July 13 , Rosenbaum said he had been arranging kidney sales for 10 years , the complaint says . Asked how many transplants he had brokered , Rosenbaum is said to have responded , "  Quite a lot . ... Quite a lot . " Rosenbaum also told the agents he had brokered a transplant two weeks before their meeting , the document says . According to the complaint , the undercover FBI agent called a person who was the recipient of a kidney brokered by Rosenbaum , who had provided the telephone number as a reference . The person , a New Jersey-area resident identified in the complaint as Recipient 2 , had paid cash for the kidney a little more than a year before the February 2009 call . The surgery was performed at a hospital outside the New Jersey area . Asked about the donor 's motive , the kidney recipient replied , "  I guess he needed the money , " according to the complaint . All of the donors "  come from Israel , " Rosenbaum is alleged to have said . The price had gone up to $ 160,000 , he said , because "  it 's hard to get people , " noting that Israel had passed laws prohibiting the sale of human organs , the complaint states . The agents had already paid $ 10,000 and were told to bring another $ 70,000 at a meeting scheduled for this week . "  I prefer you do it with cash , " the complaint quotes Rosenbaum as saying . The remaining $ 80,000 would be due "  when I get the donor in the hospital , check them out , " the complaint says .	Levy Izhak Rosenbaum offered to get kidney for undercover agent , complaint says "  I am what you call a matchmaker , " he is quoted as telling agents Rosenbaum accused of charging $ 160,000 for kidney coming from Israel Rosenbaum said he has arranged kidney sales for 10 years , complaint says
CNN  A shooting at a bar popular with expatriates in Mali on Saturday killed five people , including French and Belgian citizens , authorities said . One French citizen , one Belgian and three Malians were killed in the attack in the capital of Bamako , said Gabriel Toure , director of a local hospital . An additional eight people were wounded , he said . Authorities called the shooting a "  criminal and terrorist act . " "  Mali remains committed to seeking peace and will not be intimidated by those who have no other motives than to do away  with  the prospects of peace and harmony amongst the Malians , " the government said in a statement . A North African jihadist group , al-Murabitun , claimed responsibility for the attack , according to Mauritanian news agency Al Akhbar . The purported claim came in an audio message in which the group said it carried out the attack in retaliation for the killing of one of its leaders , Al Akhbar said . "  Al-Murabitun may be considered a regional competitor to al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  , " according to the Jamestown Foundation , a Washington-based research and analysis firm . The U.S. State Department said in January that al-Murabitun is a "  newly-formed " militant group that has presence in northern Mali . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said the victim from his country was 31 years old . French President Francois Hollande released a statement condemning the attack . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry expressed his condolences to the victims ' families in a news conference in Paris on Saturday . "  This is an act of cowardice , " he said . "  But an act of opening fire in a restaurant filled with innocent civilians -- in the end , that only strengthens our resolve to fight terrorism in all of its forms , wherever it exists . " The French Embassy in Bamako warned its citizens to be on alert if they go out in public . Though it 's unclear whether any rebel group is responsible for the attack , Malian forces have battled Islamist militants in the northern part of the nation for years . Fabius said the Malian government was interrogating some suspects . Mali plunged into chaos after soldiers staged a coup three years ago . As a result , Tuareg fighters capitalized on the power vacuum to launch an insurgency that ended with their takeover of the north . After the Tuareg fighters seized the region , a power struggle erupted with local Islamist radicals . The extremists toppled the tribe and seized control of a large piece of northern Mali , an area the size of France . Since then , the nation has battled various rebel factions , mostly in the northern region , with the help of French and African forces . CNN 's Brian Walker , Joshua Berlinger and Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report .	A jihadist group claims responsibility in an audio recording , news agency reports The Malian government calls the shooting a "  terrorist act " One French citizen , one Belgian and three Malians are killed
CNN  -- "  Star Wars : Episode VII - The Force Awakens " director J.J. Abrams has come up with a nostalgic way to reveal the names of the movie 's characters . We 've known for months that "  The Force Awakens " features fresh faces like John Boyega , Daisy Ridley and Oscar Isaac . We even got to see them in action in the movie 's first trailer , which was released the day after Thanksgiving . But the lingering mystery was who exactly those actors are playing . Now , thanks to some clever retro-style trading cards , we know the names of their characters . The Force is with the new ` Star Wars ' trailer Abrams teamed up with Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy to create a set of trading cards that are a callback to the ones issued with "  Star Wars " debut in 1977 . The cards , which were unveiled by Entertainment Weekly , do n't tell us a lot ; we pretty much just get a name and a small description . Hate the new lightsaber ? Stephen Colbert shows why you 're wrong In other words , let the speculation begin . According to the cards , Isaac , the X-wing pilot seen in the first trailer , is playing someone named Poe Dameron . We do n't know whether he 's a good guy or a villain , but that name is n't exactly friendly . John Boyega , the actor seen at the start of the trailer stressed out in his Stormtrooper suit , is playing someone named Finn . His card acknowledges that he 's "  On the run , " which might fuel speculation that Boyega 's wearing Stormtrooper gear as a disguise . And Daisy Ridley , the actress we see speeding through a desert landscape in the trailer , is playing a character named Rey . Earlier this year , rumors circulated that Ridley 's character was called Kira on set . In addition to those three , Abrams also revealed the name of the cloaked figure wielding that heavily debated new lightsaber : That character is Kylo Ren . Plus , we also learned that the little rolling droid at the beginning of the trailer is called BB-8 , which Entertainment Weekly suspects will be as sweet as it looks . That 's all Abrams has shared for now , but we 're still a long way off from "  The Force Awakens ' " release date . The movie is set to bow on December 18 , 2015 . George Lucas has n't seen the new ` Star Wars ' trailer	J.J. Abrams has revealed names of some "  Star Wars " characters He used old-school trading cards to do so The cards do n't reveal much other than the character names
CNN  -- Our democracies are facing a moment of truth . From the rise of extremism in the European Union to the political gridlock in the United States , leaders are struggling to respond effectively to new and complex global challenges . Citizens feel alienated with conventional politics and frustrated by the absence of effective policies that serve societies ' needs . That 's why I am convinced that the real issue we face is not simply defining economic solutions , but rethinking our democratic institutions . In any healthy democracy , there must be a balance between strong government and an empowered electorate that holds that government to account . But our democratic institutions have been captured by special interests . Policy is driven by powerful lobbies . Despite the rise of social media , media itself is increasingly concentrated in the hands of the few . Watch George Papandreou 's TED Talk The speed and power of financial markets make democratic deliberation near impossible -- and government appears slow and weak in comparison . Banks have become too big to fail , which actually means too big to be accountable to the public good . We 've seen this before . As Franklin D. Roosevelt once said : "  We know now that government by organized money is just as dangerous as government by organized mob . " The absence of a global governance system allows such interests to consolidate even more power , further constraining our capacity for democratic oversight . It 's not only the Occupy movement -- the 99 percenters -- who are taking a stand against this growing concentration of global wealth and power . Last year , inequality was cited as the No. 1 challenge by the World Economic Forum . Not exactly a radical leftist group . TED.com : Larry Lessig on rebuilding the republic As we seek to rebuild our fragile economies after the financial crisis , economic measures must therefore be matched with democratic measures that rebalance this inequality and redistribute power to our citizens . A case in point is Greece , where a drastic austerity program was prescribed in exchange for emergency loans to avoid bankruptcy . Those who have paid the highest price -- low - and middle-income taxpayers , and young Greeks who now face almost 60 % unemployment -- are not to blame for the crisis . Austerity has created a sense of injustice and a lack of opportunity that has fed political extremism in Greece . Opposition parties chose to enflame popular opinion rather than work together toward a common reform agenda . Such political opportunism is toxic . In Greece , it prolonged the crisis , delayed reforms and cost our country dearly . That 's why I called for a referendum on the terms of Greece 's bailout loans : to give ownership of the process back to the Greek people . Although that referendum did n't happen , pushing the proposal did force wider political consensus in Greece . It led to a coalition government and has given the broader public a stake in their country 's future . TED.com : Rory Stewart on why democracy matters My personal experience has taught me that hyper-partisan politics can not lead us out of financial woes . No single party can push through the deep structural reforms that will make our economies sustainable . Such efforts require consensus , compromise and a sense of responsibility to future generations . While polarization is a deeply problematic fact of democracy , it is also true that democracies have the capacity to guard themselves against the empowerment of extremist minorities . Indeed , what seem to be the dangers and weaknesses of our democracies can be dealt with only by more democracy : ensuring a public space for participation and informed deliberation . That 's why I have faith that democracies can find a way to reconcile differences and pull competing parties together for the public good . But first , we must ensure that our democracies are regenerated -- by fighting for institutions that are accountable , transparent and genuinely representative of all our citizens . TED.com : Dave Meslin on the antidote to apathy The recent crisis gives reason to revisit the origins of democracy . In ancient Athens , democracy was an innovation to disrupt the concentration of power and maintain equality amongst citizens . We , too , need to use innovation to reclaim these principles of democracy . Online deliberation , citizen juries , crowd-sourcing for political solutions , and referenda are all useful tools inspired by the ancient Greek version of direct democracy . Politics must again become the art of imagining a better world -- and collectively finding the power to do so . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of George Papandreou .	Former Greek PM : From Euro-extremism to U.S. gridlock , this is a moment of truth for democracy George Papandreou says special-interest groups have too much sway , create inequality Papandreou : Politics , with citizen participation , must again become the art of imagining better world
Editor 's note : Anthony S. Barkow prosecuted federal and local crime for 12 years in the U.S. attorney 's offices for the Southern District of New York and for the District of Columbia and is now the executive director of the Center on the Administration of Criminal Law at New York University School of Law . Anthony Barkow says Sonia Sotomayor would provide the perspective of a former prosecutor on the high court . CNN  -- Many have noted Judge Sonia Sotomayor 's personal story -- from being raised by a single mother in a public housing project in the Bronx to top honors at Princeton and Yale and now , potentially the Supreme Court -- will give her a perspective that other justices lack . But commentators typically miss another life experience of Sotomayor 's that will bring diversity to the court . If she is confirmed , she would be the only justice with experience as a local prosecutor . For five years , Sotomayor was an assistant district attorney in Manhattan . In that position , she interacted with some of the poorest , most troubled residents of New York and handled matters ranging from shoplifting , prostitution and petty drug offenses to robberies , child abuse and murders . Sotomayor 's experience on the front lines in a big city 's fight against crime will bring a much-needed perspective to the court . Only Justice Samuel Alito has any real background at all in criminal law . He was an assistant U.S. attorney and was later U.S. attorney in New Jersey . It 's quite likely that , as a result , Alito may have disproportionate influence on his colleagues in criminal cases because he can refer to that experience . But Alito was never a local prosecutor and has deep exposure only to federal criminal law . Federal criminal cases make up only about 6 percent of all criminal cases , and they typically involve complex white-collar crimes and large-scale narcotics trafficking . Federal prosecutors do not typically see the day-to-day carnage in neighborhoods from murders , rapes , burglaries , robberies and assault , or interact with the victims of those crimes . Nor do they see low-level vice crimes such as prostitution , small-time drug deals or gambling . The other justices are even further removed from the realities of street crime . The only other justice who has even a modicum of criminal justice experience is Justice Breyer , whose exposure to criminal law as an architect of the federal sentencing guidelines was not to victims and criminals but to data and number crunchers . The other justices ' professional experiences are even more insulated from life on the streets . They spent their time in lofty government appellate or legal counsel positions , working in the halls of Congress , devising litigation strategies at top law firms or public interest organizations , or pondering legal questions as academics . Even the justices ' experiences on the bench isolated them from the real world of criminal law . Not a single member of the current Supreme Court served on a state court -- the courts that handle about 94 percent of criminal cases . For that matter , no one on the Supreme Court served on a federal district court , the trial courts in the federal system that see federal criminal cases up close . Here , too , Sotomayor fills a critical gap . In addition to her time in the DA 's office , she was also a federal district court judge for six years . Sotomayor would bring a much-needed dose of reality when it comes to criminal law issues . It is all too easy for someone who has not spent time working on these issues to caricature them . For conservatives , the risk is assuming all crimes are a failure of personal responsibility that lead to serious breaches of public order and demand incarceration and a tough response . For liberals , the risk is seeing every defendant as a victim of poverty or society 's failures . The reality , as Sotomayor knows well , is far more complicated . She has seen the human condition up close and personal . She knows the pain of victims and has looked into the eyes of defendants who have committed unspeakable acts with no remorse and are unredeemable . She has also seen defendants who need treatment and jobs , not prison . Many of these individuals may have committed petty crimes , such as shoplifting or drug possession , to feed an addiction . This interaction with the criminal justice system also showed Sotomayor on a daily basis just how powerful the state is and the tragedy that is every single criminal case . In no other area is government more intrusive . This is the power to lock someone in a cell , or even to take away life . Sotomayor 's experience shows her that this government power is sometimes necessary -- and sometimes is n't . She also knows that , in every criminal case , people suffer , and not just victims and defendants . Family members , children and entire communities pay the price when we send away too many people for too long or fail to pay attention and do n't provide neighborhoods enough protection . One never knows how personal experience will translate to life on the bench . But Sotomayor 's experience in a big-city prosecution office would likely to make a difference on a bench that deals with crime every day but has very little real-world exposure to it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony S. Barkow .	Anthony Barkow : Sonia Sotomayor 's experience would set her apart on top court He says her time as a local prosecutor gave her invaluable experience Barkow says that background would be of great value to Supreme Court
CNN  -- Authorities intercepted two speedboats -- sinking one -- and recovered thousands of pounds of cocaine worth more than $ 500 million . "  These two disruptions are an example of the international cooperative law enforcement effort to disrupt transnational criminal activity and deny their profiting from such activity , " Doug Garner , U.S. Customs and Border Protection 's director of national air security operations in Jacksonville , Florida , said in a news release . The Memorial Day weekend drug bust , which was announced Wednesday , resulted from two separate interdiction efforts , the first unfolding Friday north of the Galapagos Islands , west of Ecuador in the Pacific Ocean . A Customs and Border Protection Office of Air and Marine crew spotted a 30-foot speedboat . After realizing that they 'd been spotted , three people on the boat started chucking packages of cocaine into the water . They also "  began washing the boat to eliminate traces of cocaine , " the release said . In small-town USA , business as usual for cartels A law enforcement helicopter , responding to a call from the Customs and Border Protection crew , tracked down the boat and fired shots to disable it . Three suspects were arrested as the boat sunk into the ocean , according to the release . "  This joint effort denied criminal organizations more than $ 82 million dollars from cocaine proceeds , " it said . The next evening , a Customs and Border Protection crew in the Western Caribbean saw a three-engine speedboat moving rapidly near the Panamanian-Colombian border . The boat 's driver tried to evade police by moving closer to the Panamanian coastline and maneuvering "  in and out of shoals and other obstructions , " according to the agency . Colombia arrests fake nuns with cocaine under their habits The crew told Panamanian police to intercept the boat , which was carrying bundles of cocaine weighing more than 6,000 pounds . Authorities estimate their value at more than $ 445 million . The Customs and Border Protection Office of Air and Marine P-3 crews patrol a 42 million-square-mile swath of the Western Caribbean and Eastern Pacific in search of drugs destined for U.S. shores . In fiscal 2012 , P-3 crews seized almost 59 tons of cocaine valued at $ 8.8 billion . Two brothers , two uncles accused of trafficking cocaine to Italy Official : Hong Kong drug operation hauls $ 98 million worth of cocaine Australian police seize $ 246 million worth of drugs smuggled inside steamroller	Memorial Day weekend seizures yield cocaine worth more than $ 500 million In first of two busts , authorities had to fire on and sink boat to apprehend three suspects Second bust involved chase in and out of shoals along Panamanian coastline Crews in Western Caribbean , Eastern Pacific seized 59 tons of cocaine in fiscal year 2012
CNN  -- Alberto Contador will take a 39-second lead into the final stage of the Tour de France after fighting off a determined challenge from Andy Schleck in Saturday 's deciding time trial stage . Spain 's Contador had an eight-second advantage going into the 52km solo test from Bordeaux to Pauillac and came under pressure from his Luxembourg rival at the early time checks . For some fleeting moments it seemed possible that Schleck could reclaim the yellow jersey , but as he tired , Contador , considered a far superior time triallist , increased his advantage . And at the finish , a relieved and tearful Contador had extended his lead by 31 seconds . "  It was a very hard day . I 've worked so hard for so many years but today it really came right down to the wire . That 's why I 'm so emotional , " Contador told the official race website . "  In fact , I think it 's the first Tour I 've won where I 've been so emotional . "  I want to thank all the people who have been there for me these last years . " Both the top two were well adrift of the best time of Schleck 's Saxo Bank teammate Fabian Cancellara . He powered around the course in one hour and 56 seconds to win the 19th stage by 17 seconds from Tony Martin whose HTC-Columbia teammate Bert Grabsch finished third . Russia 's Denis Menchov will claim the final podium position in Paris after leapfrogging Olympic road race champion Samuel Sanchez of Spain for third overall with the best time trial performance of the leading contenders , who had to battle a rising wind over largely flat terrain . Assuming no accidents on the 20th and final stage into the French capital on Sunday , it will be the third Tour de France triumph for Astana 's Contador after his 2007 and 2009 triumphs . He courted controversy by taking the overall race lead in the Pyrenees on Monday after Schleck dropped his chain near the summit of a climb . Contador flouted recent convention by not waiting for him to fix the problem and was later jeered by fans as he donned the yellow jersey . Contador had gained 39 seconds on Schleck , ironically the margin that will likely separate them at the finish in one of the closest fought Tours in recent years . Their head-to-head duel on the Col du Tourmalet in Thursday 's final mountain stage will long be remembered , with Contador making a sporting concession to allow Schleck to claim the victory while maintaining his slender but decisive advantage . Schleck said he is determined to return next year to win the Tour de France . "  I 've always said I 've progressed  in the time trial  but to beat Alberto is not easy . I gave it my all , and I just could n't beat him , " he said . "  I 've won two stages here , so for that I 'm happy . I will come back next year to win . He is not unbeatable . "	Alberto Contador has 39-second lead going into 20th and final stage of Tour de France Contador extends his advantage over Andy Schleck in 52km time trial near Bordeaux Denis Menchov of Russia moves into third place overall ahead of Samuel Sanchez Schleck 's Saxo Bank teammate Fabian Cancellara wins stage in fine style
CNN  -- A South Carolina mother on Friday asked for forgiveness and mercy , in the eyes of God and a judge , after pleading guilty to two counts of murder for killing her two toddler sons -- saying she hoped to someday reunite with them , "  even though it 's not on this side of eternity . " "  I know what happened is ... unusual and it 's not my character , " a tearful Shaquan Duley said in an Orangeburg court after entering her plea . "  I do n't know what went on with me . " Authorities have said that on the night of August 15 , 2010 , Duley suffocated 2-year-old Devean Duley and 1-year-old Ja'Van Duley by putting her hand over their mouths in a room at the Trumps Inn just outside Orangeburg . She then put their bodies into their car seats , drove across town to a boat ramp , put the Chrysler sedan in neutral and sent it into the North Edisto River , they said . Duley 's then-5-year-old daughter was not with them at the time . Orangeburg County Sheriff Larry Williams said soon after the incident that authorities believed the deaths were "  a direct response " to an argument between Duley and her mother , who lived together , the night before . "  I believe she was just fed up with her mother telling her she could n't take care of the children , " Williams said . The next month , Helen Duley described her daughter as "  a very loving and kindhearted person " and a "  good mother " during a court hearing to consider whether the suspect should be granted the opportunity to post bail . "  My daughter has never been in trouble with the law until now , " Helen Duley said . Speaking in court Friday , Duley did not delve much into her rationale beyond saying , "  I know I was depressed for a long time , and I hurt for a long time . " She also did not deny any facts as presented by law enforcement , apologizing to her family and "  to this community , to this court  and  to this state for all that has happened . " But , pointing to her lack of a criminal record , she insisted , "  I 'm not a bad person at all " and "  I have a good heart . " Duley also said she prays every day for the opportunity "  to keep  her sons '  memory alive by sharing the love that I have for them . " "  My heart hurts every single day because I do not have them anymore , " she said , addressing Judge Ed Dickson . "  I miss them so much , your honor , and there 's nothing that can fill that void . " First Circuit Solicitor David Pascoe pointed out that there was no plea deal , as Duley pleaded guilty to the charges filed . "  I wanted to make sure Shaquan Duley was held accountable for the horrific death of these two boys and that she pled to murder as she was charged , " Pascoe said . "  I was not willing to plead this case to any charge that carried less than 30 years in prison . " Duley is expected to be sentenced during the week of March 26 , according to Pascoe . The judge could sentence her to 30 years -- assuming the two sentences are served concurrently -- to a maximum of life in prison without the possibility of parole , Pascoe said . Even with a less stringent sentence , Duley would get no credit for good behavior or a chance at early release on parole . A month after her arrest , Duley 's lawyer , Carl Grant , argued then that his client was suffering from mental illness . He called her "  a very quiet , reserved , caring and fun-loving person who ... was going through a very tough time , " citing the deaths of two family members , a bout with bone cancer and the challenge of being a single mother . InSession 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I do n't know what went on with me , " a mother says after pleading guilty to murder Authorities said Shaquan Duley suffocated her sons in a hotel room She put their bodies in a car that she put in neutral , sending them into a river , they say A prosecutor says there was no plea deal , and Duley will get 30 years to life in prison
CNN  Jeweler Tiffany & Co. , for the first time , is featuring a gay couple in an ad campaign . The new "  Will You ? " campaign , shot by fashion photographer Peter Lindbergh , features seven scenes of couples . One in particular is drawing widespread praise for showing a same-sex couple . The pair , shown sitting on a stoop in New York City , are a couple in real life , Tiffany spokeswoman Linda Buckley said . The 178-year-old jeweler best known for its little blue boxes says this is its first ad to depict a same-sex couple . The company joins a growing list of brands using same-sex couples in promotional materials , from Banana Republic to Target . The campaign aims to show that love comes in a variety of forms , Buckley said . "  Nowadays , the road to marriage is no longer linear , " she said . "  True love can happen more than once with love stories coming in a variety of forms . " Another photo shows a couple on their wedding day with their child , the company said , a nod to increasing rates of mothers giving birth outside of marriage . The rest of the images show couples in various romantic settings : on a city rooftop , driving in a convertible , at home on a sofa .	Tiffany & Co. features same-sex couple in new ad campaign The 178-year-old jeweler joins growing list of brands using same-sex couples in ads
CNN  -- A group of heavily armed men opened fire at a soccer match between two local teams in western Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , killing seven people and wounding two others , according to a municipal police spokesman . The soccer field is at a community center opened four months ago as part of a program to decrease drug violence in a city that has been racked by violence and killings linked to drug cartels . Police said Monday they had not determined a motive for the shooting . The dead from the shooting Sunday evening were males ranging in age from 19 to 26 , police said . At least one was a soccer player -- an image from the scene showed the dead player face down on turf . Above him was a posted sign reading in Spanish , "  Live Better " -- a slogan in Juarez 's anti-violence campaign . Three victims died at the scene , while four others died on the way to area hospitals . The gunmen -- reportedly traveling in three vehicles -- sprayed the soccer field with about 180 rounds from assault rifles around 6 p.m. , just before the game got started , police said . Among the dead and wounded were several fans . Some of the victims were taken to hospitals by family members . One of the injured was a 12-year-old shot in the foot , the newspaper El Diario de Juarez said . "  We still do not have a motive why they opened fire , " municipal police spokesman Adrian Sanchez told CNN in a phone interview from the scene . "  They fired 180 rounds in three or four seconds . It happened fast , " Sanchez added . "  People here are still confused about what happened . " Journalist Arturo Chacon contributed to this report .	Gunmen open fire on a crowd at a soccer game in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico 180 rounds are fired in three or four seconds , police say Three people die at the scene , four others die en route to hospitals Police : Shooting motive unknown
CNN  -- Virginia police officers can question stopped motorists about their immigration status , the state 's attorney general has said , adding fuel to a contentious debate over states ' immigration policies in the wake of a controversial law enacted in Arizona . "  It is my opinion that Virginia law enforcement officers , including conservation officers , may , like Arizona police officers , inquire into the immigration status of persons stopped or arrested , " Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli writes in the opinion . "  However , persons tasked with enforcing zoning laws lack the authority to investigate criminal violations of the law , including criminal violations of the immigration laws of the United States . " In "  any legitimate police stop " -- for criminal or traffic reasons -- "  law enforcement is allowed to ask about other subjects , " Cuccinelli told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Wednesday . "  And our opinion addressed the fact that they can ask about illegal immigration , immigration status , along with anything else . " Cuccinelli issued the opinion Friday at the request of Virginia Delegate Robert "  Bob " Marshall , a Republican . He said he is obligated to issue such opinions when they are requested by lawmakers . "  This is an outrage , and citizens rightly want officials to do something , " Marshall told CNN affiliate WDBJ-TV in a report posted on his website . "  Since Congress has taken this as a primary responsibility , they are primarily delinquent on this . " Parts of Arizona 's immigration law took effect last week after a federal judge blocked portions of it following a challenge from the Obama administration . U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton issued a preliminary injunction that blocked a provision that would have required police to "  make a reasonable attempt to determine the immigration status of a person stopped , detained or arrested " if the officer has a reasonable suspicion the person is in the United States illegally . Arizona officials have said the law was enacted because the federal government has failed to adequately enforce immigration law . Cuccinelli said Wednesday the difference between the Arizona provision and his opinion -- which does not carry the weight of law -- is that while Virginia officers have the authority to inquire about immigration status , they are not required to do so . "  We 're very sensitive to now allowing for racial profiling , " he said . " ... The way we avoid it is , we apply the same rules to everybody . And law enforcement is expected to do that . " Asked whether his opinion means that stopped motorists must present documentation , Cuccinelli said , "  Well , the first response is simply whether or not they have to answer the questions . There 's not a requirement because a police officer is asking that you have documentation . "  However , it is a requirement under our federal immigration law that those who are not citizens carry evidence , meaning their papers , indicating their legal status , " he said . "  So if someone is not a citizen , they should have papers indicating their legal status . If they do not , they 're violating federal law , and that is a criminal violation . " If a police officer can determine someone is in the country illegally at the time of the stop , it provides grounds for arrest , he said . But one advocacy organization said actions like the opinion only serve to muddy the waters on the issue . "  What we are seeing on the issue of immigration is a lot of political gamesmanship and very little in terms of solutions , " said Clarissa Martinez , director of immigration and national campaigns for the National Council of La Raza , which describes itself as the largest Latino civil rights and advocacy organization in the United States . "  Given the situation in Arizona , for any state or locality to continue pushing in that direction without at least figuring out if this is going to be ruled unconstitutional or not ... I think it 's irresponsible , " she said . While the issue should be addressed , "  these kinds of antics are just distractions , " she said . Those who are frustrated and believe the federal government has n't done enough should pressure the government to take action "  as opposed to just adding more chaos , " she said . While Virginia does not face the same situation as border states like Arizona , the attorney general said , undocumented immigrants pose a "  significant problem . " Cuccinelli said the federal government presents a "  bottleneck . " "  They are essentially in charge of whether someone is here legally or not . And if they refuse to undertake that , there 's nothing we can do as a state , " he said . If the state determines someone is in the country illegally , its options are to hold the person until the federal government retrieves them -- which is very expensive -- or let them go , he said . He pointed to a fatal crash on Sunday , when a man believed to be under the influence of alcohol slammed head-on into a car carrying three nuns . Sister Denise Mosier was killed instantly and the other two were seriously injured . The three were a few miles from the Benedictine monastery in Bristow , Virginia , heading for their annual retreat . The suspect , Carlos Montano , had two previous convictions for driving under the influence , as well as reckless driving , speeding and public drunkenness , according to Prince William County prosecutor Paul Ebert . Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials confirmed Montano had twice been in their custody . Both times , he was released on his own recognizance pending deportation proceedings because he was not convicted of a violent felony . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano has ordered an immediate review of his deportation proceedings . Montano faces involuntary manslaughter charges in the crash . "  This is a serious problem , " Cuccinelli said . "  It threatens the safety of Virginians , and I know the problem is similar across the country . We 're just taking gradual steps to address it as aggressively as we can . " When CNN 's Kieran Chetry pointed out that those in the country legally or citizens also drive under the influence and cause fatal accidents , Cuccinelli replied , "  Unfortunately , ICE had this person in their custody and let them go . They knew he was deportable . " Dana Schrad , executive director of the Virginia Association of Chiefs of Police , said Cuccinelli 's opinion , while influential , likely wo n't change the way officers enforce the law , as they were never prohibited from asking about immigration status . The opinion is only an interpretation of the current law that police already operate under , she said . "  I think what this says is , ` OK , Virginia law enforcement , if you ask the question it 's not against the law , ' " she said . "  We already knew that . " However , she said officers in general tend to take a "  balanced approach " to asking such questions , lest they lose the trust of immigrants -- who are also victims of and witnesses to crimes , and whose cooperation can be beneficial . Officers in some communities may ask the question less , while others may ask every time , she said . Ira Mehlman , spokesman for the Washington-based Federation for American Immigration Reform , said he does not believe the opinion will lead to racial profiling , because police officers use their own judgment when deciding what questions to ask and opinions to form . For instance , if a driver lacks a license , registration or insurance when pulled over , a police officer might have reasonable suspicion to ask about immigration status , he said . "  These are legitimate concerns . Police officers do have an obligation to look further when they find reasonable suspicion . " "  Every law is subject to potential abuse , " he said . "  There are always going to be cops that go over the line . " Mechanisms should be in place to discipline officers who go too far , he said , but laws can not be thrown out because of that risk . Cuccinelli 's office pointed out in a statement that what an officer can and can not ask in an encounter remains the same , whether the concern is an immigration violation or a bank robbery . "  The law does not distinguish between criminal violations of immigration law versus violations of any other criminal law , " the statement said . "  Crime is crime . " But "  when a police officer has ` reasonable articulable suspicion , ' the officer can briefly detain a suspect and investigate whether a crime has occurred , " the statement said . "  If the officer has probable cause to believe a crime has occurred , the officer can make an arrest . These scenarios are true whether the crime is bank robbery , murder , trespass or criminal violations of immigration laws . The legal framework does not change just because the crime happens to be an immigration-related crime . "  Although immigration is politically controversial , the legal principles discussed in the opinion are a matter of settled law and do not break any new legal ground . " CNN 's Dugald McConnell and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Virginia 's AG says motorists can be asked about immigration status Ken Cuccinelli says officers are not required to ask An advocacy group says such "  antics " are "  distractions " A police official says officers tend to be balanced in such inquiries
Editor 's note : A renowned chef and restaurateur , Scottish-born Gordon Ramsay is perhaps best known in the United States for his television show "  Hell 's Kitchen . " He writes here about witnessing domestic abuse as a child and what he 's doing now to make sure others do n't witness the same . He will appear on "  Larry King Live " tonight at 9 ET . Chef Gordon Ramsay writes of seeing his father abuse his mother ; today Ramsay fights domestic abuse . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- No child should ever have to live in fear in their own home . A home should be a place where you feel safe and loved ; when I was a kid , our home was anything but that . Growing up , my father was less than a perfect role model . I watched how he battled alcoholism and how he became terribly violent with my mum , to the point where she feared for her life . Every time he got violent , any present that my brother , sisters , or I had given mum would be smashed , simply because he knew it belonged to her . There were instances when the police were called to take him away ; mum was taken to the hospital while we kids were taken to a children 's home . As kids , my brother , sisters and I moved around to more homes and schools than I can remember . Dad would often have a fallout with someone at work and get fired , and because our home often came with his job , we would become homeless and have to move again . To this day , I will never understand why mum stayed with him . She deserved so much better and so much more ; it still pains me to remember how badly he treated her . I have four young children of my own , and I could never see myself behaving the way my father did when I was a child . I want to be a role model for my children and have them look up to me . With that said , my wife , Tana , and I are proud to be ambassadors of Women 's Aid , a national charity in England working to end domestic violence against women and children . Women 's Aid helps more than 320,000 women and children every year . It also supports more than 500 domestic and sexual violence services across England . Domestic violence is not identified solely by violent physical abuse ; instead , it is defined as physical , sexual , psychological , financial , or emotional violence that takes place in a relationship , intimate or family-oriented . Eventually , this develops into a pattern of coercive and controlling behavior . The statistics are staggering : 1 in 4 women in the UK experience domestic violence in their lifetime , and between 6-10 percent of women suffer from domestic violence in a given year . The problem is , less than half of these incidents are reported to the police . And even still , a phone call is made to the police every single minute in the UK to report a case of domestic violence . That means police receive an estimated 1,300 calls each day and more than 570,000 each year , according to Women 's Aid . I encourage everyone to help take a stand against domestic violence . My wife , Tana , and I ran the London Marathon for Women 's Aid for the past two years . As ambassadors , we are pleased to say that we have received more than # 5,000 in donations from friends , well-wishers and supporters of the charity . Just last week , Tana and I hosted a fundraising dinner and auction for Women 's Aid in Berkeley Square in London , which helped raise more than # 475,000 , more than double our original target for the evening . My father passed away in 1997 after a long battle with alcoholism . These days , my mum is still my biggest supporter -- she remains there by my side through everything , and for that , I am forever grateful . E-mail to a friend	Gordon Ramsay says his father battled alcohol and abused Ramsay 's mom Ramsay says 1 in 4 women in the UK experience domestic violence He tries to fight the problem by speaking out and raising money
CNN  -- Former Detroit mayor Kwame Kilpatrick is headed back behind bars , but only for a few days . The Michigan Department of Corrections charged him with 14 parole violations late Thursday and he 'll spend the weekend in jail . Kilpatrick agreed to report to the Detroit Reentry Center late Friday and will be released Monday , according to Corrections spokesman Russell Marlan . Kilpatrick is currently on trial in a public corruption case in U.S. District Court . His release would allow him to be back in court next week . The 14 violations include submitting a false and inaccurate report to a field agent by failing to report money transfers and cash gifts , as well as failing to report several months of his income , according to an e-mail from Russell . Kilpatrick is on parole after a 2008 state conviction for obstruction of justice . By the numbers : Politicians in trouble	Kwame Kilpatrick has been charged with 14 parole violations The former Detroit mayor will spend the weekend in jail , a corrections spokesman says Convicted in 2008 of obstructing justice , he now is being tried on corruption charges
CNN  -- American higher education is in the cross hairs of a heated national debate over the value and cost of a college degree . Yet in China , our fiercest global economic competitor , the popularity of American colleges and universities might be at an all-time high . I just returned from a trip to Beijing , where I spoke with Chinese parents about the value of American education , where we excel and where we fall short . Not surprising was the extent to which the Chinese value education , especially primary and secondary education , and yearn for their children to attend American universities , and if possible , stay in America . When I engaged Chinese parents about their children , they would often say , "  My son  or daughter  is going to Princeton  or fill in the elite American university  . " I would respond , "  Great ! What year is your son or daughter right now ? " And they would say , "  Three years old . " This passion for education starting at such an early age is powerful . After meeting with Chinese teachers , parents and children , three differences were immediately clear . First , their children are better educated than American children in the STEM fields -- science , technology , engineering and math . High standards and high expectations are the norm in China , not the exception , as is often the case in the United States . Second , Chinese parents will sacrifice almost anything for their child 's education . They realize firsthand , "  History is a race between education and catastrophe , " as H.G. Wells put it . In China , the disposable income of middle-class families is more likely to be spent on education than leisure or entertainment . Third , to the Chinese people , American universities , for all their shortcomings and blemishes , are still beacons of freedom , individualism and self-improvement . To them , our universities are emblems of the highest achievement . In Asia , they have a saying : "  The protruding nail gets hammered down . " In America , we give awards for protruding nails . Our standards should be higher and our achievement better , but we still remain a land of unlimited opportunity . Each of my speeches in China began by reminding the Chinese people of the three , quintessential American values engraved , on our currency : Liberty , In God We Trust and E. Pluribus Unum . Politically , we may be at odds with the Chinese regime , but its people desperately long for a taste of American autonomy . RISE China , the private international education company that invited me to China and for which I am a compensated senior adviser , focuses on teaching idiomatic English to Chinese students to help them get into American universities . It also helps Chinese students develop confidence , initiative , commitment and active learning -- all qualities that are cherished by our higher institutions . As a result , the number of Chinese undergraduate students in the U.S. has doubled in the past two years . In the 2006-07 academic year , 9,955 Chinese undergraduates enrolled in U.S. schools . The next year , that figure jumped to 16,450 , and by 2010-11 , 56,976 undergraduates enrolled in the U.S. China exports more of its students to the U.S. than to any other country . They are already reaping the benefits educationally and economically . In February 2011 , in a meeting with Silicon Valley 's biggest entrepreneurs , President Barack Obama asked Steve Jobs of Apple what it would take to make iPhones in the U.S. rather than China . Jobs replied that those jobs are n't coming back . The New York Times reported it this way : "  Apple executives believe the vast scale of overseas factories as well as the flexibility , diligence and industrial skills of foreign workers have so outpaced their American counterparts that "  Made in the U.S.A. " is no longer a viable option for most Apple products . " The Chinese realize the potential of American universities when engaged properly . When a student approaches the university with a specific degree focus , applies it with diligence and finances it soundly , understanding the commitment he or she is making , the American university system is still the best in the world . American students must begin approaching their higher education just as smartly and seriously , or our academies will be filled with aspiring and inquiring minds from elsewhere . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Bennett .	William Bennett : Many Chinese yearn to send their children to U.S. universities Bennett : Chinese students better prepared in science , math ; parental expectations higher In China , U.S. colleges represent freedom , individualism , self-improvement , he says He warns that U.S. must approach education as focused as the Chinese
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Republicans reacted with surprise and recrimination Sunday to blistering criticism of the Iraq war from former coalition commander retired Lt. Gen. Ricardo Sanchez . Lawmakers lashed back at retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez on Sunday after he criticized the war effort . On Friday , Sanchez , who was coalition commander in 2003 and 2004 , called the Iraq war "  a nightmare with no end in sight . " He said the Bush administration , the State Department and Congress all share blame . Speaking with military reporters in Virginia , Sanchez also said such dereliction of duty by a military officer would mean immediate dismissal or court martial , but the politicians have not been held accountable . "  I 'm astounded , really , " South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham on CNN 's "  Late Edition " with Wolf Blitzer on Sunday . Graham , who recently returned from Baghdad , said he and GOP presidential candidate Sen. John McCain had visited Sanchez several times in 2003 and 2004 . "  Every time we talked to Gen. Sanchez , we got pushback -- we have enough troops ; Guard and reserves are n't being strained , " Graham said . He added that Sanchez 's own record in Iraq is blemished : Abu Ghraib "  got out of control under his watch . The war in general got out of control under his watch . " But Graham said that "  finally , " with the commitment of nearly 30,000 additional U.S. troops since January , "  We are getting it right . " Sanchez told reporters that American political leaders have cost American lives on the battlefield with their "  lust for power . " Sanchez said it had been his duty to obey orders and not object publicly while on active duty , but that he has an obligation to speak out now that he has retired . "  While the politicians espouse a rhetoric designed to preserve their reputations and their political power , our soldiers die , " he said . That brought a tart response from McCain , the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee . "  I wish that he had given us the benefit of that knowledge at the time , " McCain told CBS 's "  Face the Nation . " He said Sanchez should have spoken out at the time -- or resigned -- but "  unfortunately , that does n't happen very often . " One of the reasons few speak out , he said , is evidenced by what happened to former Army Chief of Staff Gen. Eric Shinseki , McCain said . Shinseki was sidelined after telling Congress that hundreds of thousands of troops would be needed to occupy Iraq . Sen. Mitch McConnell , a Republican from Kentucky , told ABC 's "  This Week " that Sanchez is simply wrong . "  My definition of winning is a stable country and an ally in the war on terror , " he said . "  I think we 're making significant progress toward that end . " But , he added , "  I think the central government in Iraq has been an embarrassment . They 've not been able to produce any of the kind of political compromises that we had hoped for . " Graham said he hopes the government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki will "  step up to the plate and do something meaningful by the end of the year . " If that does not happen , he said , "  it will be incumbent upon us , as a nation , to devise a new political strategy to find a way forward or create a stable Iraq . " That brought a blistering response from Zbigniew Brzezinski , national security adviser under President Carter . "  What is this ? This is a colony , " he said . "  That 's the heart and essence of the difficulties we encounter . " Even those Iraqis who were happy to see Saddam Hussein toppled from power more than four years ago are not happy with the continuing U.S. presence , Brzezinski said . Though some countries are willing to go along with the United States , "  No one in the world really supports our policy in Iraq , " he said . In his Friday speech , Sanchez added that the "  surge " of U.S. troops into Iraq represents "  a desperate attempt by the administration that has not accepted the political and economic realities of this war . " National Security Council spokeswoman Kate Starr did not address the comment . Instead , she said , "  We appreciate his service to the country . As Gen. Petraeus and Ambassador Crocker said , there 's more work to be done but progress is being made in Iraq . And that 's what we 're focused on now . " Gen. David Petraeus is the U.S. top commander in Iraq . Ryan Crocker is the U.S. ambassador to Iraq . E-mail to a friend	Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham : "  I am astounded " by comments Sanchez , a retired former coalition commander in Iraq , called war "  nightmare " Republican Sen. John McCain wishes Sanchez would have spoken up earlier Republican Sen. Mitch McConnell said Sanchez is simply wrong
CNN  -- Veteran NFL superstar Brett Favre has promised that this will definitely be his last comeback , having decided to return for one more season with the Minnesota Vikings . Favre , who turns 41 in October , has previously retired with the Green Bay Packers in March 2008 and in February 2009 with the New York Jets . But the 11-time Pro-Bowl selection has announced that he will continue for a 20th season with the Vikings following successful ankle surgery . He is now hoping to win his second Super Bowl title after taking Minnesota to within a match of last year 's final , losing in New Orleans as his final throw was intercepted . Favre was visited by teammates Jared Allen , Steve Hutchinson and Ryan Longwell this week , and confirmed his return to the Vikings on Wednesday . "  It was very tough , I could make a case for playing and not playing . Ultimately much has made about the three guys coming down , it was really about the team , " he told reporters at a press conference . "  When I left New Orleans a big part of me was , I do n't want to say done , but the fact we lost that game ... It 's hard to make people understand . "  The mental toll is what is hard to deal with . This team is a very good football team , the chances here are much greater than other places . From that standpoint it has always made it easier , but answering the bell again ... "  My wife always says I look at things more negatively than I should , but the ` what ifs . ' I 'd love to win the Super Bowl again , but what happens if you do n't ? " Favre has been plagued by injuries throughout his career , and said even his latest surgery has not stopped a new spur forming on his ankle . "  I have played 309 straight games , I ca n't complain . There 's nothing on me that 's 100 percent , there 's nothing on me that was the year before either . But the surgeries , I think , have made me a little better . "  There 's a little bit of pain there . The fact is it 's something I 'm going to have to deal with . There 's a little bit more range of movement there since the surgery , but we 're not talking about a lot . I was hoping to resolve this , but every time you sprain an ankle , mine sprains a little bit easier than it did earlier in my career . " However , Favre is hopeful that he can add to his 1996 Super Bowl triumph , having returned to training on Wednesday . "  I 've done it all . There 's nothing left for me to prove . I 'm here to have fun , help these guys win . I really enjoy this group of guys like you would n't believe . I think the feeling is mutual , " he said . "  I can promise you this : Not that I have ever set out as a goal to play 20 years , -LSB- but -RSB- it 's 20 years and I 'm done . This is the last year of my contract . I 'm sure a lot of people are like , ` Yes ! ' "  Did I just say that ? I do believe it now . I do . I 'm going to fall apart sometime . "	Brett Favre decides to play one more NFL season with the Minnesota Vikings Veteran quarterback aims to finally retire following his 20th season as a player The 40-year-old is hoping to win his second career Super Bowl before he quits He has officially retired on at least two other occasions , then returned to play
The lead that the presidential candidate of Honduras ' ruling party has amassed during ballot-counting is "  irreversible , " electoral officials said , but refrained from naming an official winner to Sunday 's vote . The reluctance to definitively declare a winner speaks to the abundance of caution surrounding the electoral system , but also to the political tensions that have accompanied the vote . Already , two presidential candidates have claimed victory , and a third political party says it has data that suggests it came out on top . This was second presidential election  but the first truly robust one  since the 2009 coup of former President Jose Manuel Zelaya , which ushered in a period of political turmoil . With about two-thirds of ballots counted , ruling party candidate Juan Hernandez led with 34 % of the vote , followed by 29 % for Xiomara Castro , who is Zelaya 's wife . "  These percentages , these trends , according to the calculations we have done , have not changed since the first day , " said David Matamoros , president of the Supreme Electoral Tribunal . "  So , today , we can tell the Honduran people that the final results will be the same as what we have today . " Matamoros called Hernandez 's lead ` irreversible . " Castro 's camp did not immediately comment on these latest results . Traditionally , Honduras has had a two-party system , alternating the presidency , but this year 's ballot had eight candidates for president , half of whom were contenders . Following her husband 's ouster from office , Castro founded the Liberty and Refoundation Party  LIBRE  on a platform that carried on her husband 's projects and found herself at the top of some polls . A victory by Castro would have been a remarkable comeback for Zelaya back to the presidential palace , even as a first husband . In a race where the economy and public security were among the most important issues for voters , the final polls before the election showed a statistical tie between Hernandez and Castro . Sunday night , both leading candidates claimed victory : Castro announced her win on live television , while Hernandez did so on Twitter . LIBRE said earlier it does not recognize the preliminary results . "  To us , this does not reflect reality . There inconsistencies that have been detected , irregularities that have been found , we are collecting these , " a party spokesman said Tuesday . A third leading party , the Liberal Party , also rejected the results , saying that hundreds of ballots are missing at that their own calculations show their party winning 26 % of the vote to 25 % of the vote for the other two leading contenders . ` There has to be order ' With the inevitable confirmation of Hernandez as president-elect , all eyes are on the opposition parties and how they will react . In an interview with CNN en Español , Hernandez said that he has publicly invited Castro and the other candidates to dialogue about moving forward in a way that avoids conflict . "  There has to be order in the country , " Hernandez said . "  There has to be respect and tolerance in the country , those are the rules . " The voter turnout , at more than 60 % , was an encouraging sign in a country where faith in democracy has been thin at times . The country remains one of the poorest in the hemisphere and has one of the world 's highest murder rates . Given these challenges , observers hope that political upheaval is added to the mix . If Castro does not concede , the alternative might be to allege fraud and to appeal the election through the electoral tribunal . Reports on whether Sunday 's vote was free and fair are mixed . "  What we can say at this moment is that Sunday 's election was very transparent , " said Luis Sobalvarro , Honduras director of the International Foundation for Electoral Systems , a non-governmental organization . There were some irregularities , like in any election , he said , but nothing that could affect the results of the vote . Observers from the Organization of American States said Tuesday that the electoral process had been clean . "  The mission considers it important to emphasize that there were elements that contributed to the transparency of the process and therefore , give reliability to the preliminary results reported so far by the Supreme Electoral Tribunal , " observer Enrique Correa told reporters . One international observer , Suyapa Portillo of Pitzer College in California , said she had recorded a number of irregularities . At one hotel where observers were staying , masked men with shirts labeled "  immigration " emptied the place and checked everyone 's identification , she said . "  It had an effect on the observers because it was an act of intimidation , " she said . She said she also heard reports of immigration agents questioning the credentials of observers working for the opposition parties . The United States , which was criticized for being slow to condemn the 2009 coup , said in a statement that observers found the elections "  generally transparent . " "  The United States calls on Hondurans to await the completion of the counting of official results and to resolve election disputes peacefully through established legal processes , " the State Department said . The potential for unrest and a showdown between presidential candidates has some observers upset . "  The Honduran citizenry has shown itself to be a first-rate citizenry , with second-rate politicians , " political analyst Raul Pineda said .	Electoral officials say that Juan Hernandez is ahead in the vote count His lead at this point is "  irreversible , " one says But Hernandez has not yet been named the official winner Political tensions have accompanied these elections
PEOPLE.com  -- Tim Robbins is taking action . The actor , who famously supports liberal causes , joined with protesters Wednesday at the Occupy Wall Street rally in Lower Manhattan . Robbins , 52 , participated in the demonstration outside the Federal Courthouse in Foley Square . "  This is what an actual grassroots movement looks like , " he tells the Financial Times . "  It 's a bit sloppy and disorganized but full of passion . " Demonstrators , who have been camped out in a park near Wall Street since mid-September , are protesting economic inequalities , corporate greed and the influence of corporate money on politics and government . And Robbins , 52 , is n't the only star who 's been spotted at Occupy Wall Street . On Saturday , "  Gossip Girl " star Penn Badgley , 24 , was spotted snapping photos of the demonstrators in action . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tim Robbins famously supports liberal causes "  It 's a bit sloppy ... but full of passion , " he said Penn Badgley was spotted snapping photos of the demonstrators
CNN  -- As Hurricane Rafael sped away from Bermuda , taking with it heavy rain and wind , the government discontinued storm watches for the island . There appeared to be minimal disruption to life on Bermuda as the fast-moving storm roared by to the east , keeping the strongest winds well away from land . About 600 homes lost power , the Bermuda Electric Light Company said on its Facebook page . Glenn Jones , a business development and marketing manager for a Bermudian media company , said earlier that the wind was stronger than some locals expected . According to the Bermuda Weather Service , wind speeds reached 51 mph at the airport Tuesday night . The outer bands of the Category 1 hurricane had swirled over the 21-square-mile island as the storm raced north-northeast during the afternoon , bringing tropical storm-force winds and downpours . Late Tuesday , Rafael was about 135 miles  215 kilometers  east of the island , the National Hurricane Center in Miami said . Meteorologists said the storm , with 85 mph sustained wind , was moving at 29 mph . Rafael becomes hurricane as it churns towards Bermuda Forecasters said Rafael will break up late Wednesday or early Thursday after a turn to the northeast . Bermuda might see 2 to 4 inches of rain from the storm , and some beaches in the Bahamas and the eastern United States will see swells caused by Rafael . Meanwhile , along the Pacific coast of Mexico , Paul turned into a tropical storm and turned away from the Mexican coast without the center of the storm ever making landfall . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Nigel Walwyn and Greg Seaby contributed to this report .	NEW : About 600 homes lose power in Bermuda NEW : Winds reached 51 mph at the airport , weather service says In the Pacific , Paul loses strength , turns without making landfall
Hudson , New Hampshire  CNN  -- When Scott Brown was fighting to keep his Senate seat in Massachusetts two years ago , he was forced to keep his distance from a former colleague who also happened to be his party 's top gun at the time , Mitt Romney . Now , Brown is battling for the Senate again . This time , his arms are wide open for Romney . The 2012 Republican presidential nominee campaigned for Brown on Wednesday for the second time this year , returning to a venue in Hudson where Romney held his own event more than two years ago . "  This is the guy who ought to be the next United States senator , and you 're going to make him the next United States senator , " Romney told the audience Wednesday . So , why is more Brown more comfortable pairing up with Romney this time around ? What changed ? The state . The election . The big players involved . In 2012 , Brown was trying to fend off an aggressive challenge by a progressive favorite in a reliably blue state . He cast himself as an independent and was more likely to tout his work with President Obama than his relationship with Romney . When he was asked about Romney , he would sometimes give a short answer , then change the subject . "  Bringing in a Republican like Romney to talk about you is not what you want to do when you 're running as a perceived independent in Massachusetts , " said Andy Smith , director of the University of New Hampshire Survey Center . Now Brown is mounting his own challenge , trying to take down incumbent Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen in neighboring New Hampshire , a more politically mixed state . Romney , who 's perhaps more popular than ever at the moment , is practically an adopted son of New Hampshire . He has a vacation home here and won the 2012 GOP primary by a wide margin . And campaigning in a state where he 's not "  carrying the baggage " as a former governor -- as is the case in Massachusetts -- can help make things less complicated , Smith said . So , strategically , it 's common sense that Brown would welcome Romney in this state , in this year . Jim Merrill , a GOP strategist who led Romney 's New Hampshire campaign , said "  it 's natural " for the two men to want to "  link arms " this cycle . Romney 's "  campaigned here , he 's fought hard , " Merrill said . "  I think since the 2012 election , what we 've seen is a real appreciation among the electorate on issues Mitt campaigned on . " With no clear potential frontrunner in the 2016 GOP presidential race , calls have surged for Romney to make a third White House bid . He insists he 's not running , but he has n't entirely ruled it out . His wife , Ann Romney , told the Washington Post Tuesday that it 's a "  no " for her husband "  at this moment . " On stage Wednesday , Brown echoed sentiments that are fueling renewed interest in Romney . "  He was right on Russia . He was right on Obamacare . He was right on the economy , " Brown said . "  I can tell you , governor , if you were in the White House , the country and the world would seem a whole heck of a lot different . " For Brown and Romney , their political past go back more than a decade . When Brown was running for the state Senate in Massachusetts in 2004 , Romney , who was governor at the time , helped Brown raise big money . And during Brown 's 2010 Senate race , Romney showed support . The two northeast Republicans are also known to share advisers . But is it awkward for them to pair up now after keeping their distance two years ago ? "  I do n't think there would be any awkwardness -- they 're pros , " said Neil Levesque , the executive director of the New Hampshire Institute of Politics and Political Library at Saint Anselm College . "  They know how this all works , " he continued . "  They 're going to do what they can to get as many votes as possible . " And with the Senate race being neck and neck in the final sprint to Election Day , turnout will be a big factor . "  Romney is popular now , and he 's going to help Brown get on that front page tomorrow , " Levesque said . That might help deflect attention from Shaheen 's big-name visitors . Former President Bill Clinton headlines a dinner here Thursday night , and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is slated to be in the state on November 2 . At the end of the day , it 's the candidates themselves who become the closers of their own race , not their visitors . But having top-of-the-list supporters in town certainly does n't hurt . "  You 're looking for these pivotal points that might help you get half a percentage here , half a percentage there , " Levesque said .	Mitt Romney and Scott Brown kept their distance in 2012 The two are now campaigning together as Brown seeks a new Senate seat Experts say it 's all about political strategy
CNN  Just in time to thwart that New Year 's resolution to eat healthier , the Girl Scouts announced today they will offer three new cookie varieties for 2015 . Two of the new offerings are gluten-free : Toffee-tastic , a cookie with toffee bits ; and Trios , a cookie made with peanut butter , chocolate chips and whole grain oats . Rah-Rah Raisins , an oatmeal raisin cookie with Greek yogurt-flavored chunks , will also be available for the first time . Approximately 1.5 million Girl Scouts sell 200 million boxes of cookies each year during the selling season , which begins in January , according to Anna Maria Chavez , the CEO of Girl Scouts of the USA . This year marks the organization 's 98th year of cookie sales . In addition to the new cookie varieties , 2015 will be the first year troop members can set up a website to sell those Thin Mints , Tagalongs and more online .	Girl Scouts of the USA announced three new cookie flavors for 2015 Two cookies are gluten-free varieties Customers can order cookies online for the first time
CNN  -- Add Iran 's news agency to the long list of those hoodwinked by the satire of The Onion . Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency published a story Friday claiming that a Gallup poll found that rural white Americans prefer Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over President Barack Obama . Such a poll would indeed be big news in Iran  and the United States  -- if it were true . But the source was The Onion , the publication that presents the outlandish as real news . Its serious tone fools many who are new to the lampoons . Onion yarns have tricked news outlets in the U.S. and overseas . Ahmadinejad : I 'm quite popular What sets Fars apart from others , however , is that the agency published the Onion story as if it were its own . Fars News Agency used the story verbatim , giving the same headline : "  Gallup Poll : Rural Whites Prefer Ahmadinejad To Obama " Fars also took all the credit at the get-go : "  TEHRAN  FNA  -- According to the results of a Gallup poll released Monday , the overwhelming majority of rural white Americans said they would rather vote for Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad than US President Barack Obama . " The Onion story used a Charleston , West Virginia , dateline . The article went on to quote a West Virginia resident as saying he would rather grab a ballgame or a drink with the Iranian leader than with Obama . The phony resident then lauded Ahmadinejad : "  He takes national defense seriously , and he 'd never let some gay protesters tell him how to run his country like Obama does . " If that were n't enough , Fars continued , "  According to the same Gallup poll , 60 percent of rural whites said they at least respected that Ahmadinejad does n't try to hide the fact that he 's Muslim . " A Fars news editor said Friday that the outlet took the item off its English-language website once editors realized that The Onion was n't a legitimate news organization . Without breaking from its farce , Onion Editor Will Tracy wrote in an e-mail that Fars is a subsidiary and has been "  our Middle Eastern bureau since the mid 1980s , when the Onion 's publisher , T. Herman Zweibel , founded Fars with the government approval of the late Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomeini . "  The Onion freely shares content with Fars and commends the journalists at Iran 's Finest News Source on their superb reportage , " Tracy wrote in his statement . There 's no word on whether either president is laughing . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo and Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency falls for an Onion story Fars even steals the story , portraying it as its own Satirical paper jokes that poll finds rural white Americans prefer Ahmadinejad Once Fars discovered the farce , it removed the story from its English-language website
Cairo  CNN  -- The funeral for Omar Suleiman , Egypt 's former spy chief , took place amid tight security Saturday , attended by several thousand mourners , politicians , religious scholars and military leaders . Suleiman succumbed Thursday to complications from amyloidosis , a disease that affects multiple organs , including the heart and kidneys , according to the Cleveland Clinic in the United States , where the 76-year-old died . Suleiman 's body , flown by private jet from the United States , arrived at the VIP terminal in the Cairo Airport at dawn Saturday . Several dozen supporters wearing black T-shirts waited outside the terminal carrying the Egyptian flag . They chanted slogans denouncing Israel and the United States . The ceremony coincided with the second day of Ramadan . The military funeral began with prayers at the Al Rashadan mosque in Nasr City in eastern Cairo . Suleiman 's coffin , wrapped in the Egyptian flag , was borne on a horse-drawn carriage through the streets , accompanied by a marching band to the Madinet Nasr Cemetery . Military police wearing red berets carried his coffin past screaming mourners carrying posters of Suleiman and chanting denouncements of the newly elected president , Mohamed Morsy , and the Muslim Brotherhood . Morsy spent six months behind bars during Suleiman 's tenure as head of intelligence . Morsy delegated his grand chamberlain and Brig. Gen. Abdul-Monem Foda as his representatives . Grand Mufti Ali Gomaa and a delegation from Al-Azhar , Egypt 's highest Islamic institution , also were present , as were Field Marshal Hussein Tantawi , head of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  SCAF  , and his chief of staff , Sami Anan . Suleiman was briefly appointed vice president under President Hosni Mubarak during the uprising that toppled the longtime Egyptian leader last year . It was Suleiman who , in February 2011 , announced Mubarak 's resignation and declared that SCAF would run the country 's affairs . Suleiman 's death came as a surprise to Egyptians . He had entered the race for Egypt 's first democratically elected president in the eleventh hour , but failed to gather enough signatures to be on the ballot . He was disqualified by a panel that included members connected with the Mubarak regime , suggesting the move was not politically motivated . Suleiman had headed Egypt 's intelligence since 1993 , maintained close ties with the CIA , and was often criticized by human rights groups for his heavy-handed approach with suspected militants . Born into poverty in the town of Qena , he enrolled in Egypt 's prestigious military academy and was decorated for his performance in the wars against Israel in 1967 and 1973 . In June 1995 , both Suleiman and Mubarak survived an assassination attempt during an African summit in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . Suleiman was credited for saving Mubarak 's life that day . A divisive figure in Mubarak 's regime , during the revolution Suleiman led negotiations with various pro-change groups , including the Muslim Brotherhood . His stance was mainly to end the "  Million Man " protest in Tahrir Square and create a "  reform " package or else face a military coup . When asked by a CNN correspondent what he wanted from the protesters during the 18-day uprising that toppled Mubarak , he replied , "  Go home . " In an interview with a Western news channel last year , Suleiman remarked , "  Egyptians are not ready for democracy . "	Omar Suleiman received a military funeral in Cairo on Saturday The body of Suleiman , who died Thursday , arrived early Saturday from the U.S. A horse-drawn carriage , accompanied by military police , bears him to cemetery Military , political and Islamic officials attend , but newly elected president is absent
CNN  As ash from Chile 's Calbuco Volcano spread east into Argentina , geologists warned of the potential for more activity Friday . Evacuations in the region involved not only people but animals as well . "  There is more seismic activity ... and we think there will be more activity today , " Helmuth Huerta , a spokesman for Chile 's National Geological and Mining Service , told CNN . The volcano has already erupted twice this week , spewing ash to a depth of about 23 1/2 inches  60 centimeters  in some places , according to the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety . New advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12,000 feet . Calbuco erupted twice in 24 hours , the geological agency said early Thursday . The agency said it was evaluating a spectacular nighttime eruption but indicated it was "  stronger than the first one . " In Ensenada , houses , trees and even sheep were blanketed gray with ash , CNN 's Shasta Darlington reported . People were removing salmon -- a staple of the local economy -- amid fear of contamination from ash and lava . Trucks were used to evacuate farm animals and pets . Authorities issued a red alert for the popular tourist towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas in the south . People were being evacuated to Port Montt on 22 buses and military trucks , the interior ministry said . Officials said that volcanic flows from Calbuco caused rising water levels in the Río Blanco . A 12-mile  20-kilometer  exclusion zone was established around the crater . Military and police forces were helping evacuate more than 4,400 residents , the Interior Ministry said . An additional 2,000 residents of Chamiza were being evacuated as a preventive measure after river levels rose due to volcanic flows . More evacuations were expected in Lago Chapo and Correntoso . The first eruption on Wednesday set off a bit of a panic in the region . "  At the beginning , it was small , and later , the cloud grew . And later , there was a huge cloud over you and true terror starts , " a Puerto Montt resident said . Another person said : "  It was impressive to see an enormous mushroom cloud , with the immense force of the volcano , and to see the ashes . At that point , there was a lot of panic , lots of chaos , traffic jams , people going to supermarkets , everyone looking for water , trying to take out money from the ATMs . " Magma expanse under Yellowstone supervolcano more vast than thought The eruption is a first for many in the region . The last major eruption was 1962 . There was a minor eruption in 1972 . Calbuco also belched out a bit of gas and smoke in 1996 . Alejandro Verges , regional director of the Interior Ministry , said that officials are concerned there might be a third eruption . "  The situation is relatively calm right now , although people are understandably anxious about what could happen tonight , " he said .	Volcano already has erupted twice this week It has spewed ash to a depth of about 23 1/2 inches in some places , Chilean officials say Authorities issue an alert for two towns , and there 's a 12-mile exclusion zone
CNN  -- Olympic and world 100 meters champion Shelly-Ann Fraser has been suspended after testing positive for the recreational drug oxycodone . Bruce James , the president of MVP track and field club in Jamaica , broke the news on Twitter , the UK 's Press Association reported . The 23-year-old was due to run in Lausanne on Thursday night , but withdrew for the start of her event . The cause of her problems date back to a previous Diamond League meeting in Shanghai on May 23 where she tested positive after apparently taking medication for a toothache . "  We are withdrawing her from all competitions until we are able to have a hearing to determine what sanction will apply , or if she will be exonerated . "  Coach  Stephen  Francis is not upset with Shelly-Ann at all . He is actually proud of her for being brave enough to race in Shanghai . "  The IAAF have advised us that the offending substance is oxycodone . Google it . It is not a performance-enhancing drug . " Six Jamaican athletes have tested positive for banned substances over the last year , with all but one resulting in light bans . A defiant Fraser told Reuters.com Friday that she would be proved innocent . "  I have nothing to hide , " she said . "  I will go home and have a hearing before my federation in Jamaica . "  I hope they will accept my explanation . " The sprinter shot to fame when she won gold at the 2008 Beijing Olympics , racing to an impressive 10.78 seconds in the final . She doubled up as world champion in Berlin the following year . Men 's sprint star Asafa Powell , who is a member of the same MVP club and is also coached by Francis , claimed it was "  not a big deal " as he spoke to reporters ahead of a track meet in Gateshead , England on Friday . "  So I have n't heard much , I do n't know what exactly it is . I have heard it is not a big deal . He added : "  Everyone has to be careful in this sport , no matter who you are . Any little thing can turn out to be a big thing . "	Olympic champion Fraser has tested positive for the painkilling drug oxycodone She says she took the drug to tackle toothache ahead of a race in Shanghai in May Jamaican compatriot Asafa Powell claims it is "  no big deal " Fraser will have her case heard by her Jamaican federation
CNN  -- Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is aware of the controversy over the deal his country made with the Taliban to secure his release , and he 's thankful that his commander in chief acted to save his life , his attorney said Wednesday . "  Sgt. Bergdahl has had a close brush with death over a prolonged period of time . He understands that his life has been saved . He 's grateful to President Obama for doing that , " Bergdahl 's attorney , Eugene Fidell , told CNN 's "  New Day . " Bergdahl , released by the Taliban six weeks ago , recently retained Fidell amid the Army 's investigation into the circumstances of his disappearance and capture in Afghanistan in June 2009 . The Army has said he has yet to be interviewed by the officer investigating his case , and he returned to regular duty at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio , Texas , on Monday following weeks of counseling and medical care . The 28-year-old soldier spent five years in the hands of militants after he disappeared . He was released in late May in exchange for five senior Taliban members held by the U.S. military . Fidell said Bergdahl has "  gone through an extraordinary ordeal " and "  lost five years in the most unspeakable way . " "  The mind boggles when thinking about spending five years in the hands of the Taliban , " Fidell said . "  Imagine your worst nightmare . That 's all I can say on that . "  Obviously the hope is that he can return to a normal life , and ... reintegrate properly within American society as well as the Army , and sort of get on with his life . " Fidell said he could n't say much more about his conversations with Bergdahl , citing attorney-client privilege . Bergdahl venturing off base , rubbing elbows with public The news of Bergdahl 's freedom initially was met with jubilation , which quickly changed as many called for an investigation into his disappearance and captivity . Some critics accused the soldier of deserting his comrades in war . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after Bergdahl disappeared concluded that he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official who was briefed on the report . The Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something officials could n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official told CNN . Fidell declined to answer CNN 's question about Bergdahl 's intent . Bergdahl back at work Bergdahl spent his first day of regular duty working at the headquarters of U.S. Army North in Texas on Monday , the Army said . Like many soldiers at a new assignment , he spent much of his day getting paperwork straightened out , Army spokesman Don Manuszewski said . He began his job with a unit responsible for homeland defense , civil support operations and security cooperation programs involving countries such as Canada , Mexico and the Bahamas . He will eventually be given a position commensurate with his rank of sergeant . The army spokesman has said that Bergdahl would be assigned a desk job . Bergdahl lives on base , in a two-bedroom unit in noncommissioned officers ' quarters . "  He 's just another soldier in the U.S. Army , " Manuszewski said . Two soldiers are helping him adjust to life at Fort Sam Houston . Bergdahl was a private first class when he was captured , and the Army extended his enlistment and twice promoted him on schedule while he was in captivity . Manuszewski would n't say how much longer Bergdahl 's enlistment would last , and he did n't comment on the investigation . Army general to start investigating how , why Bergdahl left base CNN 's Martin Savidge and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is "  grateful to President Obama , " his lawyer says The Army is investigating the circumstances of his 2009 capture in Afghanistan Bergdahl was released after a U.S. deal with the Taliban in May The sergeant is back to work at the headquarters of a unit based in San Antonio
CNN  -- Formula One driver Mark Webber has penned a new deal with Red Bull Racing , extending his contract with the team to the end of the 2013 season . The Australian won his second race of the season at Sunday 's rain-soaked British Grand Prix , closing the gap in the drivers ' championship between himself and first-placed Fernando Alonso to 13 points . "  I 've been with Red Bull Racing since 2007 and have achieved nine grand prix wins during that time , " Webber told the team 's official website . "  I 'm high on confidence at the moment and firing on all cylinders . I know the team well and I 'm very comfortable here ; we have grown together over the years and it feels like absolutely the right thing to stay with Red Bull for another season . " Tire talk : Pirelli takes center stage in F1 Team principal Christian Horner said of the announcement : "  Much of Mark 's Formula One success has been during his time with Red Bull Racing and together we have achieved 10 poles , nine wins and 31 podiums . "  As there was a strong desire from both sides to continue the partnership , it was a logical decision to extend our relationship and it is with great pleasure that we confirm Mark will drive for us in 2013 . " Much was made of a possible move to Italian rivals Ferrari at the end of the current season , but Webber has dismissed the speculation , stating : "  There were discussions with Ferrari , but my decision was to stay here . " With the combined efforts of Webber and double world champion Sebastian Vettel , Red Bull currently hold an imperious lead at the top of the constructors ' championship , 64 points ahead of Ferrari , who have failed to finish top since 2008 . The relationship between the two Red Bull drivers has often been perceived as less than amicable , with tempers flaring when they crashed into each other during the Turkish Grand Prix in 2010 . But Webber was quick to dispel any notion of hostilities . On his partnership with the German , Webber said : "  Obviously with Seb , we 've worked very , very close together for a long period of time now . I think no-one would really have envisaged how long we have worked together , so that 's probably been a bit of a surprise . "  There are not many teammates staying together for that long in Formula One , but it 's proved to be a successful partnership with both of us working very hard with the key technical members of the team . "  It 's been a potent operation . We 're still competitive when we hit the track . Last year there was n't much racing between Sebastian and I , but in 2009 , 2010 and this year , there have been some great battles . " When asked about his future beyond the 2013 season , Webber remained enigmatic . "  It 's a results-based sport at the front of the grid so the future lies in my own hands , " said the 35-year-old . "  It 's down to me to deliver the on-track results . "	Aussie Webber will extend his contract by one year Webber won Sunday 's British Grand Prix and sits second in the drivers ' championship Discussions had been held with Ferrari but negotiations amounted to nothing Star still remains ambiguous on his future in the sport beyond next season
EW.com  -- Logan is back . Rob Thomas has informed his "  Veronica Mars " movie Kickstarter backers that Jason Dohring is officially on board . "  We now have three actors officially cast . Veronica . Logan and the waiter who says , ` Your check , sir , ' " he wrote in an email Tuesday night . "  Do n't worry . We 're busily working on bringing your favorites into the fold . As a Veronica Mars backer , you 'll be the first to know . " EW : Rob Thomas talks 10 things you should know about ` Veronica Mars movie Since "  Veronica Mars , " Dohring has gone on to star in the one-season wonders "  Moonlight " and "  Ringer . " At New York Comic Con in 2008 , promoting the former , the CBS vampire drama co-starring Alex O'Loughlin , EW asked Dohring to name five things that should live forever in pop culture . His No. 5 ? EW : More ` Veronica Mars ' news "  Veronica Mars . Unfortunately , it did n't last forever , but it seems when you walk around a place like Comic Con that it does , " he said . "  Art 's the kinda thing that stays with people . You emotionally invest in people and you emotionally invest yourself in something , and then it lasts . That 's pretty amazing , actually , is n't it ? " See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jason Dohring is officially on board for the "  Veronica Mars " movie Since "  Mars " he has appeared in one-season wonders "  Moonlight " and "  Ringer " He told EW "  Veronica Mars " should live forever in pop culture
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Two former New York Police Department detectives were sentenced to life in prison without parole Friday for operating as Mafia hit men while employed by the NYPD . Louis Eppolito , 60 , and Stephen Caracappa , 67 , who spent a combined 44 years on the force and once worked as partners , were found guilty in April 2006 of engaging in racketeering . According to prosecutors , they were paid $ 4,000 a month by the Mafia and were personally paid $ 65,000 by Luchese crime family underboss Anthony "  Gaspipe " Casso for killing another mobster during a phony traffic stop . Authorities said Casso regarded the officers as his "  crystal ball , " likely referring to their alleged involvement in relaying classified information to the Luchese family . Eppolito and Caracappa , who reiterated their innocence at Friday 's sentencing , were found guilty of participating in or aiding eight murders , two attempted murders and one murder conspiracy , as well as witness tampering , witness retaliation , obstruction of justice , money laundering and drug charges . Eppolito was sentenced to life in prison plus 100 years , while Caracappa received life in prison plus 80 years . They were also fined a combined $ 4 million . "  The sentences imposed today bring some measure of closure for the families of the victims of these defendants ' unspeakable crimes and for the citizens of the city whose trust these men betrayed , " U.S. Attorney Benton J. Campbell said in a news release . "  We are gratified that the defendants will spend the rest of their lives behind bars . " Eppolito , who grew up in a Mafia family , wrote the book "  Mafia Cop , " in which he described how he turned away from the "  family business " to become what he said was one of the police department 's most decorated officers . He also had small roles in several films , including the role of Fat Andy in the 1990 mob film "  Goodfellas . " Caracappa was a member of the NYPD 's Organized Crime Homicide Unit , which he helped create .	Louis Eppolito , 60 , was sentenced to life in prison plus 100 years Stephen Caracappa , 67 , received life in prison plus 80 years Prosecutors : Men killed mobster during a phony traffic stop ; were paid monthly Authorities say Mafia viewed them as "  crystal ball " of classified information
CNN  -- Former President George W. Bush says he experienced no pleasure when he heard about the death of Osama bin Laden , the al Qaeda leader responsible for orchestrating the deadly terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . "  He was sitting in a restaurant in Dallas when the Secret Service told him that President  Barack  Obama wanted to speak to him . He then learned about the assassination , " documentarian Peter Schnall told CNN in an interview . Bush "  said to us certainly there was no sense of jubilation  and  certainly no sense of happiness , " Schnall stressed . "  If anything , he felt that finally there was a sense of closure . " Schnall interviewed the former president as part of a documentary called "  George W. Bush : The 9/11 Interview , " which is scheduled to air on National Geographic as part of its 10-year anniversary coverage of the 9/11 attacks . The interview covers a broad range of topics tied to Bush 's response to the attacks -- a response which remains a source of deep political division both within the United States and overseas . "  We could see in the interview that the president was very taken by the events of that day , " Schnall said . "  He was very emotional . " Bush told Schnall that initially he thought a light aircraft had hit one of the towers at New York 's World Trade Center . "  First I thought it was a light aircraft and my reaction was , man , either the weather was bad , or something extraordinary happened to the pilot , " Bush said in the interview . But then-White House Chief of Staff "  Andy Card 's Massachusetts accent was whispering in my ear -- ' A second plane has hit the second tower . America is under attack . ' " Bush was in a Florida classroom for an education event when he first heard about the attacks . "  Remember ... he 's not in Washington . He 's literally flying across the country " in the hours that followed , Schnall told CNN . "  They are literally running from an unknown enemy and they 're having to make decisions at 40,000 feet on Air Force One . " Among other things , Bush ordered the military to shoot down commercial planes that failed to respond to a Federal Aviation Administration demand to land as quickly as possible . For a period of time , the president was unsure if that order was responsible for the crash of United Airlines flight 93 near Shanksville , Pennsylvania . "  Those were decisions that  Bush  had to make . ... They troubled him then , and I think they still trouble him now , " Schnall said . "  What struck me the most was that during those hours , the days of 9/11 , the president was overwhelmed " by events , Schnall added . He was "  overwhelmed in the sense that ...  initially  they did n't really know who the enemy was . They did n't know if there were more attacks about to happen . " Bush "  spoke about that fact that he was journeying through the fog of war . " In light of the intense controversy surrounding the invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan -- as well as the broader war on terror that followed the 9/11 attacks -- does the former president have any regrets ? Bush "  kind of looked at me ... and said , ' I hate that damn question , ' " Schnall noted . "  He did not ever use the word regret . He did not ever say he would do anything differently . " But Bush did acknowledge the controversy and division created by his decisions . "  Those decisions that they made ...  have permanently  changed our lives and the world today , " Schnall said .	George W. Bush was interviewed for a documentary airing on September 11 Documentarian : Bush remains troubled by many of his decisions after the 9/11 attacks Peter Schnall says Bush recalls "  journeying through the fog of war "
CNN  -- When people across the world tune in to the opening ceremony of the 2012 Olympics on Friday , regular TV programming will be set aside for pageantry and pomp . Amid all the attention to the "  Made in China " controversy about Team USA 's uniforms , little has been written about their design . But if numerous online slide shows ranking the best and worst of the opening ceremonies uniforms are any indication , the design is what we 're most interested in . Opinion : Why not make Olympic uniforms in China ? Nations did not always wear uniforms in the Olympic Games , and the United States did not adopt a cohesive look until about 1920 . Today , however , with huge worldwide audiences and markets at stake , the uniform is a calculated part of each nation 's global image . The colors , patterns , silhouettes , lines and shapes of each nation 's uniform form a statement about its identity . U.S. designers , for example , have frequently used white cowboy hats in their ensembles . Strike a pose : High style meets high performance at London 2012 Designed by Ralph Lauren , Team USA 's 2012 opening ceremony uniforms feature berets and navy , brass-buttoned , double-breasted blazers for the men that -- even without chevrons , medals or epaulettes -- draw clear inspiration from the dress uniforms of the U.S. Army and Navy . Should the appropriation of military style concern us ? Almost all Olympic uniforms we see today derive from religious or military forms of apparel . Military apparel migrated to civilian life centuries ago , when veterans realized uniforms invited attributions of reliability , discipline and heroism and when various civil institutions used them as a means of regulating groups of people . Men 's clothing strongly has been influenced by military looks , and the fashion industry markets "  military chic " to women as well . America 's love affair with military looks is especially intense and enduring . And unlike the Vietnam War , when military uniforms were appropriated in anti-war protests , today 's military looks are part of a sartorial status quo that subtly affirms a pro-soldier , pro-military message . We know the athletes are not real warriors , of course , but clothing sends powerful messages . Fashion critics long have charged that military fashions are a problem because they aestheticize war and divorce clothes from their true functions and origins . We ought to be wary of efforts to make any aspect of war desirable . Considering that the U.S. spends more on defense than the next 10 nations combined , some would argue that dressing the Olympians like members of the armed forces during the biggest television event of the year is an arrogant or impolitic choice . Skeptics might counter that Jamaica 's opening ceremony outfits are militaristic , too . But Jamaica 's are more clearly sportswear , and in color , pattern and tone , their look is joyful and lighthearted . And Jamaica is n't a global military power . For most Americans , however , the military style of the 2012 the uniforms will raise little concern because we have been encouraged to ignore the countless ways in which military culture is integrated into our society . Fashion designers promote military styles as cutting edge , but usually refute the notion that the military aesthetic has anything to do with real war . Glitzy Pentagon marketing campaigns , military-backed Hollywood films and first-person shooter video games elevate the cultural status of uniformed troops and encourage us to identify with them . All of these things help maintain a pro-military citizenry . The 2012 Olympics uniforms are another in a long series of salutes to and affirmations of the American military . They are a product of an inherited , imperial history of clothing , of our particular war-fighting history and of the "  support the troops " trope so common in 21st century war rhetoric . Readers : Forget uniforms , Olympians would bet better off ` naked ' Whether we 're comfortable with it or not , the military uniform of Team USA is at least as American as white cowboy hats . But there are other choices . Historically , roughly half of the U.S. opening ceremonies uniforms have been inspired by sportswear , including the excellent styles in the 2004 and 2008 Summer Games . Maybe it 's time to get more creative . In the next Olympics , how about getting Betsey Johnson to design a uniform that is radically different ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Achter .	Paul Achter : In Olympics , uniform is a calculated part of each nation 's global image Achter : Team USA 's 2012 opening ceremony uniforms draw from military style Critics charge that military fashions are a problem because they aestheticize war , he says Achter : How about getting Betsey Johnson to design our uniform for the next Olympics ?
CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy brought an assault of historic proportions to millions of homeowners in the Northeast this week . Damages are estimated at between $ 30 billion and $ 50 billion . As the recovery process begins , residents of the hardest-hit areas should follow the advice of local and state authorities and Federal Emergency Management Agency representatives . As you return to your homes , here are some structural issues to look for and how to address them . If your home suffered slight to moderate damage -- basement flooding , broken windows , missing roof shingles â $ " the storm cleanup may be a little easier but no less urgent . A compromised roof makes your house vulnerable to more serious issues , while anything flooded becomes a potential breeding ground for mold , mildew or rot if not addressed quickly . Downed power lines are perhaps the biggest risk after a storm of this size . Avoid wading into standing water or going anywhere near ground wires . Just because you have no power in your house does n't mean there is n't a live current . Before you do anything , take pictures of any damage , however minor , in case you need them for insurance purposes . 7 health risks after Sandy Flooded basements If basement flooding has left 2 or 3 feet of standing water , your first impulse will be to pump the water out quickly . But if you had that much water , the ground around the house may still be fully saturated , increasing the pressure on your home 's walls and foundation . This is especially dangerous in old houses with loose stone foundations as opposed to poured concrete . Pump the water out slowly , a foot a day to be on the safe side . Anything that is water-soaked is already damaged , so a day or two is not going to matter . For those with moderate flooding , let your sump pump do its job ; pick up additional units if necessary . A wet vac will also offer a handy assist . Once the water has been extracted , remove everything that you can : water-soaked boxes , furniture and especially carpeting . Open vents and windows and set up fans to promote air circulation through the space . The sooner everything dries out , the lower the potential for mold , mildew and permanent damage . Invest in a dehumidifier to fight dampness and facilitate the drying process . Floodwater can be filled with any number of contaminants , from sewage and sludge to chemicals , gas and motor oils , so be sure to wear gloves and a mask when you start cleaning walls and floors . You can purchase a disinfectant or create your own solution of Â 3/4 to 1 cup bleach per gallon of water . Use a mop and broom to clear out any mud or debris and be sure to remove any obstructions to drains . If you had drywall in the basement or any room of the house that experienced flooding , it will need to be removed and replaced  same goes for any water-saturated insulation  . The chances of it drying out thoroughly are slim , and its potential to foster mold and mildew growth is considerable . Roof damage With high winds comes the potential for serious roof damage . The roof is your home 's greatest defense against the elements , so even minor damage can create serious problems . Inspect your roof for damaged or missing shingles . They will need to be replaced as soon as possible because the exposed roof deck will be subject to further dampness and moisture , which you do n't want as winter approaches . If you had more serious roof damage , consult with a roofing contractor to see how you can protect the interior of your home until a professional repair can be made . Blue tarps offer a temporary solution and may be available through government agencies . Roof issues can also be evident from inside the house . Check the ceilings for water spots , particularly in rooms upstairs and near chimneys . The presence of water spots suggests that there may be additional roof problems . Trees and yard cleanup Major tree damage ? The municipality , power company , or emergency services in the area may help clear the way . If you are able to remove fallen branches safely , you should . Leave anything more to a qualified tree removal specialist . He or she will help you determine whether a damaged tree that 's still standing can be saved . If you have shrubs and hedges , they no doubt took a beating , which means pruning may be in order . Most plants are resilient and will be no worse for wear come summer . Clear up any debris that might have collected in the yard , disposing of refuse in accordance with local regulations . It 's going to take a good long while for everything to dry out . But , when the time comes , it will make good sense to power wash the exterior of the house . One of the most heartening things to come out of any disaster is the support and help of volunteers , neighbors and community organizations . If you were n't personally affected by the storm , think about volunteering to help those in need , particularly the elderly , or support relief organizations such as the American Red Cross . Have you been through home repair after a natural disaster ? Share your experience in the comments section below . Like CNN Living on Facebook	Superstorm Sandy victims should check for structural damage , Bob Vila says Vila recommends inspecting for flooding , roof damage , mold and yard debris Consult local and FEMA authorities about home repair guidelines Contact professionals for big repair jobs after assessing the damage to your home
Washington  CNN  -- The Toyota Motor Corp. has indicated to the U.S. government it will pay a $ 16.4 million fine -- the largest ever against an automaker -- for failing to notify the Department of Transportation of a "  sticky pedal " defect in its cars for at least four months , according to a senior Transportation Department official . The company has told the government it will sign legal documents Monday agreeing to pay the maximum civil penalty of $ 16.375 million , according to the official , who was not authorized to speak for attribution because the agreement has not been announced . Toyota would then have 30 days to pay the fine . This official added that an agreement does not release Toyota from any potential criminal liability or civil liability related to the sticky-pedal defect . The Transportation Department 's National Highway Traffic Safety Administration sought the fine after it learned , through documents obtained from Toyota , that the automaker knew of sticky gas pedal problems since at least September last year , the agency said this month . Under federal regulations , automakers are required to inform the agency within five days of determining that a safety defect exists in one of its products . "  By paying the full civil penalty , Toyota is accepting responsibility for hiding this safety defect from NHTSA in violation of the law " the senior DOT official said Sunday . Toyota cars and trucks have been the subject of at least three separate major recalls in the past year . One was for the "  sticky pedal " situation in which gas pedals , as they age , begin to stick in a partially depressed position . Another was for gas pedals that can stick on some floor mats , and a third was for braking problems on Toyota Prius hybrid cars . The largest fine levied to date by the government on an automaker was nearly $ 1 million taken from General Motors in 2004 for failing to deal promptly with a windshield-wiper issue , an amount that was negotiated down from the $ 3 million originally sought by NHTSA .	U.S. official : Toyota indicates it will pay a $ 16.4 million fine Penalty assessed for failing to notify over "  sticky pedal " defect Toyota vehicles have been the subject of at least 3 separate recalls in past year
CNN  -- Two fishermen remain missing after a commercial fishing vessel went down in frigid , treacherous waters off the Aleutian Islands about 1,400 miles southwest of Anchorage , Alaska . The fishing vessel Courageous helps search for missing men in waters off Alaska . A search for the two crew members of the 93-foot Katmai resumed at daybreak Friday . An e-mail sent by the doomed fishing boat to a nearby vessel said it was taking on water in the rear , where the steering was housed , the Coast Guard told The Associated Press on Thursday . Four of the boat 's crew members were rescued and five bodies retrieved Wednesday near the Amchitka Pass , a strait that connects the Bering Sea to the Pacific Ocean . The names have been withheld pending the notification of families , a Coast Guard statement said . "  What can you say ? " said Jeff DeBell , chief financial officer of Katmai Fisheries , which owned the boat . He told The AP , "  We are devastated by what has happened . We are elated there have been survivors . We are just terribly saddened by the ones that are dead and are praying that those that are still in the water are alive . " Watch rescue footage from the choppy waters " The Seattle-based company told the AP the survivors were Capt. Henry Blake and crew members Guy Schroeder , Adam Foster and Harold Attling . The search began at about 1 a.m. Wednesday when the Coast Guard received an emergency signal from the Katmai , a 93-foot fishing vessel that had been battling 50-knot winds and nearly 20-foot waves . The signal originated from a wall-mounted satellite positioning device on the Katmai that reacts when it 's touched or splashed with water , Coast Guard Petty Officer Levi Read said . Watch a "  Deadliest Catch " captain talk about what may have happened on the rough seas " At about that time , another vessel , the Blue Balard , sent an e-mail to the Coast Guard saying that it received a message from the Katmai that water was flooding its rear compartment . The message also said that the vessel had lost steering . The Coast Guard tried to e-mail the Balard back but received no response , likely because the seas are remote and Internet access can be spotty , Read said . Rescuers launched a C-130 , a long-range surveillance aircraft , and went straight to the scene twice Wednesday morning , Read said . The boat was nowhere in sight , but the C-130 did spot two strobe lights on top of the water , he said . By this time , the weather was treacherous and the sky was darkening , according to Read . The C-130 , having found no signs of life , dropped two life rafts and headed back , he said . On the second trip , at 11 a.m. , the C-130 and a Jayhawk helicopter found two strobe lights floating in the water , one attached to a survival suit and the other to the emergency device that had first alerted the Coast Guard , Read said . They also found a body , he said . "  We knew the person was from the Katmai because the suit he was wearing had the name of the vessel on it , " Read said . Roughly five hours later , the Coast Guard spotted four men on a life raft , all wearing survival suits . With the assistance of other vessels , the Courageous and the Patricia Lee , the bodies of four other men were recovered from the water , all wearing survival suits , Read said . The odds of someone surviving the frigid waters off Alaska 's Aleutian Islands is minimal , said Read . Crews usually have survival suits that allow water to seep inside but have a mechanism that traps body heat . The search for the two remaining men began at 9:30 a.m. Alaska time Thursday , an hour before sunrise there . "  You just could n't do anything earlier , " Read said . "  It 's darker the farther out you go , and they are really , really out there . "	NEW : Search resumes for two fishermen lost in frigid waters off Alaska Distressed boat had sent e-mail that it was taking on water Four fishermen rescued ; five bodies have been recovered CFO of company : We "  are praying that those that are still in the water are alive "
Mental Floss  -- Have you ever been watching television and thought , "  Wow , this soap opera is so good it could cause the downfall of a corrupt communist regime , " or even , "  I bet one day this show is going to send the first woman into space " ? Well , maybe you 're not giving the boob tube enough credit . Popular television shows have influenced politics in the United States and around the world . While others are busy blaming television for all of society 's downfalls , we think it 's time someone stood up for ye olde idiot box . After all , these 10 television shows did n't just entertain , they helped convince the world to get with the program . 1 . "  DALLAS " The Show that Overthrew a Dictator Well , kind of . "  Dallas " was one of the most popular TV shows in history -- and nowhere was it more talked about than in Nicolae Ceausescu 's communist Romania . How did the soap opera get past Romanian censors ? With help from "  Dallas " leading man , J.R. Ewing , of course . Because J.R. was portrayed as a despicable oil baron , Ceausescu 's government presumably decided the show must be anti-capitalist . Whatever the reasoning , "  Dallas " became a runaway hit when it arrived in Romania in 1979 . A series about wealthy , beautiful people  evil or not  was an inspiration to Romania 's poor and dejected masses . Eventually , the government decided such Western television was a bad influence , and "  Dallas " was taken off the air in 1981 . But by then , it was too late . The fantasies of Western life lived on in the imaginations of Romanians , and in 1989 , Ceausescu was overthrown during a public uprising . Not incidentally , the actor who played J.R. , Larry Hagman , visited Romania some years later and was treated as a hero . In an interview following the experience , Hagman said , "  People from Bucharest came up to me in the street with tears in their eyes saying , ` J.R. saved our country . ' " 2 . "  SEE IT NOW " The Show that Ended McCarthyism If you know your 1950s history  or if you saw the movie "  Good Night , and Good Luck "  , you know the impact crusading journalist Edward R. Murrow had on American politics . His vehicle for galvanizing change ? The current affairs show , "  See It Now , " which premiered in 1951 . Well known as a World War II radio correspondent , Murrow was n't a fan of television initially . He wanted to go beyond the talking-head discussions and newsreels that filled most nightly news shows at the time . So when he finally decided to move forward with "  See It Now , " he did so on his own terms . The show 's debut episode featured television 's first live coast-to-coast transmission , which included a split-screen of the Brooklyn Bridge on one side and the Golden Gate on the other . Murrow also broke new ground by airing a day in the lives of Korean War soldiers . Of course , the show 's most influential role was in exposing Senator Joseph McCarthy 's anti-communist fear campaign and opening Americans ' eyes to the many lives and careers it was ruining . Thanks in part to fallout from Murrow 's broadcast on March 9 , 1954 , the U.S. Senate reprimanded McCarthy for abusing his power , and McCarthyism came to an abrupt end . Murrow was n't afraid to take on rogue senators , and later , he proved he was n't scared to take on Big Tobacco , either . Two episodes of "  See It Now " explored the link between cigarettes and cancer -- a brave move , considering television depended heavily on tobacco sponsorships at the time . But perhaps Murrow had a personal interest in the story . A three-pack-a-day smoker who regularly appeared on camera with a cigarette in hand , Murrow died of lung cancer in 1965 . 3 . "  GENERAL ELECTRIC THEATER " The Show that Turned Ronald Reagan into a Republican In the early 1950s , film actor Ronald Reagan was at a low point in his career . So when Taft Schreiber , of the Music Corporation of America , got him a gig as the host of the anthology series "  General Electric Theater , " Reagan jumped at the opportunity . For $ 125,000 a year and part-ownership of the program , he not only hosted the show , but also toured America as a "  goodwill ambassador " for the electricity giant , giving speeches to plant employees and acting as its public spokesperson . By the time "  General Electric Theater " was cancelled in 1962 , Reagan was a new man . Turns out , all those years defending free enterprise for one of the nation 's biggest multinational companies had transformed Reagan into one of America 's leading conservative speakers . Although the actor had long been a Democrat , the Republican Schreiber convinced Reagan to change political parties . Four years later , the newly Republican Reagan was elected governor of California , and the rest is presidential history . 4 . "  CATHY COME HOME " The Drama that Transformed the Welfare State Directed by Ken Loach  who later became one of Britain 's most respected filmmakers  , the drama "  Cathy Come Home " was a poignant episode of the BBC-1 anthology series The Wednesday Play . It told the tragic story of Cathy Ward , a young wife and mother who becomes the victim of Britain 's welfare state . Going from working-class struggle to dire poverty , Cathy 's journey begins when her husband loses his job following an accident and becomes unable to support the family . In a painful spiral toward destitution , Cathy suffers through various states of homelessness , separates from her husband , and eventually , has her children forcibly taken away from her by government council workers . A truly horrifying story , its impact was compounded by the fact that "  Cathy Come Home " was filmed in such a realistic style that some viewers thought it was a documentary . And although the Conservative Party government claimed the movie was "  full of blunders , " Labour Party politician Anthony Greenwood said the show should be "  compulsory viewing once a month for the next five years . " British audiences agreed , and "  Cathy Come Home " was aired again shortly after . The ensuing public outrage helped bring major changes to British welfare law . Other nations followed suit , with similar reforms and charities . 5 . "  THE SMOTHERS BROTHERS COMEDY HOUR " The Show that Swung an Election "  The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour " was many things . It was the first network TV show to make fun of the Establishment , support America 's counterculture , and have enough nerve to put blacklisted singers  such as Joan Baez and Pete Seeger  back on the air . Ironically , however , the show 's major achievement might have been making Richard Nixon president . As a gag , show star Pat Paulsen ran for office during the 1968 presidential election . "  I 'm consistently vague on the issues , " announced Paulsen on national television , "  and I 'm continuing to make promises that I 'll be unable to fulfill . " Regardless of his humorous motives , Paulsen seemed to have a "  Ralph Nader Effect , " stealing 200,000 votes from the Democrats and helping to swing one of the closest elections in history . Thanks to Paulsen 's efforts , Nixon narrowly defeated Democratic candidate Hubert Humphrey . "  Hubert Humphrey told me I cost him the election , " recalled Paulsen , "  and he was n't smiling when he said it . " E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	"  Dallas " gave poor Romanians a view of a better life J.R. Ewing actor Larry Hagman greeted as hero in the country Hubert Humphrey blamed comic for election loss
Istanbul  CNN  -- For the second time in a week , Turkish officials searched a civilian airplane headed to Syria in what appears to be the enforcement of a new Turkish air blockade against the Syrian government . Armenian and Turkish diplomats confirmed to CNN that an Armenian cargo plane destined for the battle-scarred Syrian city of Aleppo stopped first in the Turkish city of Erzurum for an inspection of its cargo Monday morning . Also on Monday , the European Union added to Syria 's growing isolation by announcing a 19th round of sanctions against the regime . One of the punitive measures bans Syrian Arab Airlines planes from all European Union airports . "  This comes in addition to an existing ban on Syrian cargo flights , " the EU Council announced in a news release . The Armenian cargo was eventually allowed to fly on to Syria after remaining grounded and searched in Turkey for at least five hours . Read more : Report : Turkey diverting civilian planes to avoid Syrian airspace Unlike last week 's unexpected grounding of a Syrian passenger plane flying from Moscow to Damascus , the inspection of the Armenian airplane appeared to have been agreed upon ahead of time by Armenian and Turkish authorities . "  The plane is transporting humanitarian aid to Syria and its stop in Turkey was planned , " Armenian Foreign Ministry spokesman Tigran Balayan wrote in an e-mail to CNN before the cargo was allowed to leave . "  An Armenian civilian cargo aircraft requested overflight permission from Yerevan to Aleppo , " explained Selcuk Unal , a spokesman for Turkey 's Foreign Ministry . "  We provided a license for use of our airspace provided they first make a ` technical landing . ' " Read more : Turkey to Syria : Do n't send arms through our air space "  We are exercising our sovereign right , " Unal added . Last Wednesday , Turkey made a conspicuous show of force , dispatching F-16 warplanes to escort the Syrian passenger plane headed from Moscow to Damascus to an unplanned stop in the Turkish capital , Ankara . After a search of the aircraft , Turkish authorities confiscated an unspecified number of items in the plane 's cargo hold that officials said were being shipped to Syria 's Ministry of Defense . The Turkish government says it is a violation of international and Turkish law to transport military materials on civilian planes . The embattled Syrian government denounced the grounding of the aircraft , calling the incident an example of "  air piracy . " On Monday , Turkey 's prime minister defended the decision to confiscate cargo from the Syrian plane . "  These containers that have been taken off the plane , the sender company is KBP Instrumental Design Bureau , " Recep Tayyip Erdogan announced in a live television broadcast . "  The receiver ? The Syrian National Defence Ministry . This material that we confiscated is without a doubt military equipment . Calling it radar equipment or some other type of equipment is a deflection . " The English-language website for KBP Instrumental Design Bureau describes it as a "  developer and manufacturer of high-precision weapons . " Headquartered in Tula , Russia , the company advertises itself as a manufacturer of rocket systems , tanks , artillery , and short-range air defense systems . In the wake of the search and confiscation of the Syrian plane cargo , both Turkey and Syria have closed their airspace to each others ' aircraft . Read more : New Syrian flashpoint erupts ; Turkey releases Syrian plane The once intimate relationship between the Turkish and Syrian governments is one of the many casualties of the Syrian civil war . Since Syrian security forces first began attacking anti-government protests in March 2011 , Turkey and Syria have gone from lifting visa restrictions on each other 's citizens and holding joint Cabinet meetings to routinely denouncing each other . Turkey 's prime minister has backed the Syrian opposition and provided a staging ground for rebels , while repeatedly calling on Syria 's president to step down . Read more : U.N. still has no plan for Syria Damascus has accused the Turkish government of arming and funding "  terrorists . " Both countries have frozen diplomatic ties . This month , escalating tensions flared yet again , when Syrian artillery killed two women and three children in the Turkish border town of Akcakale . Since then , Turkey and Syria have repeatedly engaged in artillery duels along the 900-kilometer  560-mile  border dividing the two countries . On Monday , Turkey 's Foreign Ministry announced more than 100,000 refugees had now fled Syria to take shelter in Turkish refugee camps . But over the weekend , a new kind of "  refugee " fled to Turkey . Read more : Syria 's attack on Turkish plane could ignite conflict Turkey 's Foreign Ministry confirmed to CNN Turkish media reports that at least 12 Syrian soldiers , running away from clashes with Syrian rebels , escaped across the border and surrendered to Turkish border guards . "  They swam through the Orontes River , " said a Turkish government official , who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to discuss border security with the media . The Orontes makes up part of the border between Turkey and Syria . "  Some of the soldiers are wounded and are being treated in hospital . They left their weapons in Syria , " the Turkish official continued . Unlike thousands of other soldiers and officers who have defected from the Syrian armed forces throughout the 19-month conflict , the Turkish official said the 12 new arrivals did not appear to be deserting the military . "  They wanted to escape from the fighting , " he said , adding that the 12 Syrian troops were being kept at a separate location from other camps housing refugees and defectors .	NEW : Prime Minister Erdogan details cargo taken from plane last week A plane headed for Aleppo is stopped in the Turkish city of Erzurum for a cargo inspection The action appears to be the enforcement of a new Turkish air blockade against Syria The European Union announces 19th round of sanctions against Syrian regime
CNN  The Hubble space telescope peers hundreds , thousands , millions of light-years into the universe to study novas , quasars and nebulas . But weeks ago , it pulled its focus way in close -- to just light-minutes away -- to view a rare and beautiful spectacle at the planet Jupiter . Three big moons crossed past it at the same time , casting their shadows onto Jupiter 's swirling surface . From the perspective of people theoretically standing on Jupiter , it would be like three solar eclipses happening at once , astronomers said . In the last 15 years , this has happened only twice , the Space Telescope Science Institute said . "  The next one will be 2032 , " said astronomer Carol Christian . So , Hubble shot photos rapid fire to capture the rare conjunction in late January . And STScI published them Thursday , along with a short fast-motion video animation . There was no great scientific gain in Hubble taking the snaps . The moons and their crossings have been examined plenty and are well-known . "  We felt that there are images which have aesthetic value above and beyond their scientific value , " said astronomer Zolt Levy . It was a gift of beauty to the public . Jupiter is a sort of mini-solar system inside our solar system . It 's the largest body after the sun . And like the sun , it comprises a lot of helium and hydrogen gas , but it does n't have enough mass to burst into the intense nuclear fusion that makes the sun a fireball , NASA says . It has many satellites , including 62 moons , and they swarm around the planet with many of them crossing the surface facing Earth constantly . But only four of them are highly visible standouts . They are Io , Europa , Ganymede and Callisto . The four moons are called the Galilean satellites , because Renaissance astronomer Galileo Galilei discovered them in 1610 , when he pointed his telescope skyward , forever changing human perception of our place in the cosmos . Many of today 's hobby telescopes are much stronger than his , so anyone can easily follow in his footsteps and cast the same gaze . And many did , when the three moons passed , posting their recordings of the triple moon transit on YouTube . The moons spin around Jupiter at different speeds ; their orbits vary in duration from two to 17 days , so having them line up together to zip across the side of Jupiter pointed our way is special . Io , Europa , and Callisto put on the show without Ganymede , which was too far off to the side to make it into the group photo . Europa is in the spotlight of space explorers , because they think there may be life in the fluid water underneath its surface of solid ice . If it is found there , this would be the first discovery of life in our solar system aside from that on Earth .	Three of Jupiter 's four great moons crossed its sunny side in January That 's rare ; it has happened only twice in the last 15 years Hubble 's images are primarily for aesthetic purposes , a gift to the public
CNN  -- French Open champion Roger Federer dramatically withdrew from the Halle Open tournament on Tuesday saying he was "  overwhelmed and exhausted " after his Paris triumph . Roger Federer quits the Halle Open saying he is "  overwhelmed and exhausted " after his Paris triumph . Federer beat Swede Robin Soderling in Sunday 's Roland Garros final to complete his Grand Slam haul and equal the record 14 ` major ' wins by Pete Sampras . He traditionally uses the German follow-up event as his warm-up for Wimbledon which starts on June 22 . "  I sincerely apologise to the tournament organisers , my competitors , and my fans in Germany , " Swiss world number two Federer said in a statement on his Web site . "  I only hope they will understand that I still feel emotionally overwhelmed and exhausted by the incredible events of the past few days . "  It is hard for me to admit , but I simply can not imagine giving my best effort in another tournament right away and I do n't want to risk injury if I am not 100 percent prepared . "  I need to rest and recuperate , but I look forward to returning to Halle in 2010 to go for my sixth title . " Serb Novak Djokovic , who scored a straight sets win over Italy 's Simone Bolelli 7-5 6-2 in 84 minutes earlier in the day , has now been promoted to top seed . "  For my first game here , I was pretty happy , " said Djokovic , who faces France 's Florent Serra in the second round . Djokovic is using the grass-court tournament to prepare for the next Grand Slam tournament -- and he hopes injury worry Rafael Nadal will be at Wimbledon to defend his crown . Nadal withdrew from the Queen 's tournament this week with a knee injury and the Spaniard says he will travel to London next week before making a final decision . "  I hope he makes it , it would be a shame for the tournament if the defending champion and world number one does n't play through injury , " said Djokovic . Earlier , third-seeded Fernando Verdasco suffered a first round exit when he was beaten by Germany 's Philipp Petzschner 3-6 7-6 6-4 . Former world number one Lleyton Hewitt tipped Federer to set a new Grand Slam record at Wimbledon after easing into the second round at Queen 's . Australian Hewitt took just 44 minutes to sink Argentine Eduardo Schwank 6-1 6-0 and then turned his thoughts to Federer whose triumph in Paris saw him draw level with Pete Sampras on 14 Grand Slam wins . "  It was an amazing achievement , " said Hewitt . "  His record speaks for itself . From what I saw of the match , he played his best tennis in the final . "  There was a lot of pressure and expectation on him . He came out and played one of his best matches . I think coming to Wimbledon is probably his favorite tournament of the year , so he 's going to be feeling pretty confident . " He added : "  Roger 's going to be the one to beat . But Andy Murray has got a good chance , no doubt about that , both here and Wimbledon . He 's number three in the world at the moment and plays extremely well on this surface . " Britain 's Murray , who is the top seed in the singles , and Hewitt won their opening doubles 3-6 6-3 12-10 on a match tie-break after dropping the first set to U.S. duo Rajeev Ram and Andy Roddick . Second-seeded Roddick began his challenge for a record fifth Queen 's title with a comfortable 6-1 6-4 second round victory over Kristof Vliegen .	French Open champion Roger Federer dramatically withdraws from Halle Open Swiss world No. 2 is "  overwhelmed and exhausted " after his triumph in Paris Federer traditionally uses German follow-up event as warm-up for Wimbledon
CNN  -- World number one 's Rafael Nadal and Serena Williams continued their successful title defenses in Madrid Thursday but the Spanish capital again proved a less than happy hunting ground for Wimbledon champion Andy Murray . His 2014 travails continued with a 6-3 6-2 defeat to in-form Colombian Santiago Giraldo in the third round , extending his poor record at the Caja Magica since the tournament switched from hard courts to clay in 2009 . Murray scored an impressive victory over Spain 's Nicolas Almagro the previous evening , but he never looked set to stage a repeat against Giraldo . The British No. 1 has slipped to eighth in the rankings after undergoing back surgery in the autumn of 2013 and his match against Almagro was his first in a month . Murray is also without a coach following the end of his relationship with Ivan Lendl , but even at his best might have struggled to cope with Giraldo , who reached the final in Barcelona two weeks ago . "  It 's tough because some days just now I 'm playing well and then the next day I 'm not playing well at all , " Murray told gathered reporters after his defeat . "  Even within matches I 'm playing really well for periods and then other times not great at all . "  I need to become more consistent , " he added . After losing the opener , Murray had a break point on his opponent 's service in the second set but squandered the opportunity before sliding to defeat . In seven tournaments this year , Murray has failed to reach a final and admitted he was struggling to find answers . "  I 'm not 100 percent sure what it is , but I need to sit down and think about that over the next couple of days and see what I need to do . " Giraldo will play Spain 's Roberto Bautista Agut in the last eight . Earlier , Nadal , looking to get back to his invincible best after defeats David Ferrer and Almagro in the quarterfinals in Monte Carlo and Barcelona , dispatched Finn Jarkko Nieminen 6-1 6-4 . Nadal saw his 3-1 lead in the second set disappear , but he reasserted his control to go through in some style . "  During the first hour I played better than yesterday , more dynamically and with more intensity , " Nadal told the official ATP Tour website . "  I was defending properly and knowing what was happening in every single moment . Perhaps that 's something I was n't able to do in recent weeks , " he added . Nadal will next face sixth seed Tomas Berdych , who had to battle past Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov 3-6 6-3 6-2 in one hour and 50 minutes . It was his first win in three meetings with Dimitrov , the turning point in the second set when he broke him for the first of three times . "  Grigor started really well . He was serving exceptionally well , playing aggressively and I could n't find a way to get into his service games , " said Berdych . "  But , finally , I took my first break point in the second set and from that point things changed quite dramatically . I was happy with the way I handled the match and how I played . " Barcelona winner , 10th seed Kei Nishikori also advanced to the last eight with a 7-6 7-6 win over Milos Raonic of Canada . The Japanese star came from 2-5 down in the first set to win the opening tiebreak and set him on his way to a crucial victory . "  I 'm playing well and feeling very confident , " said the 24-year-old . In the WTA event at the same venue , top-ranked Williams overcame problems on her own service in beating Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-3 in search of a third straight title in Madrid . Williams was broken twice in her opening three service games , but Suarez Navarro was unable to hold on her own delivery . It was the same in the second set , with Williams broken twice more but she held on to set up a meeting with Petra Kvitova in the last eight . Kvitova beat fellow Czech Lucie Safarova 6-4 6-3 , while second seed Li Na had a more testing morning as she came from a set down to beat 16th seed Sloane Stephens of the United States 2-6 6-3 6-2 . Australian Open champion Li will now face Maria Sharapova for a place in the semifinals after the Russian continued her superb recent form on clay with a 6-4 6-3 win over Australian Samantha Stosur . Former French Open champion Sharapova is coming off a title success in Stuttgart and used her serve effectively to see off Stosur .	Rafael Nadal reaches quarterfinal of Madrid Open Defending champion beats Jarkko Nieminen in straight sets Serena Williams continues her successful title defense Britain 's Andy Murray crashes out in third round
