CNN  -- A 69-year-old Massachusetts man was arrested and charged Friday in Boston in connection with the death of Stephen Rakes , a regular at James "  Whitey " Bulger 's trial before he was found dead last month near a walking trail , authorities said . William Camuti was taken into custody in Boston and charged with attempted murder , misleading police and unlawful disposition of human remains , the Middlesex District Attorney 's office announced in a press release . His attorney could n't be immediately reached for comment . The body of the 59-year-old Rakes was found July 17 in a wooded area in Lincoln , Massachusetts , about 30 miles from his home in Quincy . Rakes had been an alleged extortion victim of Bulger 's , and had learned shortly before his death that prosecutors no longer planned to call him to testify , according to a friend . Bulger , a reputed Irish mob boss in south Boston , is now standing trial in that city for allegedly participating in 19 murders , racketeering , money laundering and extortion over a two-decade period . Widow yells at Bulger after he wo n't take the stand Camuti and Rakes were longtime business associates , and Camuti allegedly poisoned Rakes at a time when Camuti owed money to Rakes . "  We allege this defendant intentionally put poison in the victim 's iced coffee and then disposed of his body , " Middlesex District Attorney Marian Ryan said in a statement . In a phone call on July 16 , Camuti asked Rakes for a meeting to discuss a potential investment property in Wilmington , Massachusetts , authorities said . In fact , the investment deal was fake , authorities said . On the same day , surveillance video showed Rakes leaving the federal courthouse where he regularly attended Bulger 's murder trial . Rakes appeared to be wearing the same clothing in which his body was found , authorities said . The two men met that afternoon in a McDonald 's in Waltham , and Camuti bought two iced coffees , one of which he allegedly laced with two teaspoons of potassium cyanide and gave to Rakes , who drank it , authorities said . Camuti allegedly drove Rakes around the cities of Waltham , Woburn , Burlington and Lincoln for several hours . Investigators alleged Camuti dumped Rakes ' body in the wooded area , where it was found the next day . The medical examiner 's office has yet to determine the cause of Rakes ' death , authorities said . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	William Camuti , 69 , is charged with attempted murder and misleading police Camuti and victim Stephen Rakes were longtime business associates Camuti was indebted to Rakes and allegedly poisoned his iced coffee Rakes attended the murder trial of reputed Boston crime boss Whitey Bulger
CNN  -- Blistering temperatures and winds battered parts of the upper Midwest on Tuesday , delivering to some states the coldest weather in decades . A chilling cold front is battering the upper Midwest and Great Lakes . On the heels of a blizzard that barreled into the Northern Plains , temperatures dropped to minus 18 degrees Fahrenheit in Minneapolis , Minnesota . In Hayward , Wisconsin , a man who was prone to sleepwalking died after exposure to the freezing temperatures there , according to CNN affiliate KDLH-TV in Duluth , Minnesota . Authorities said the man 's son reported him missing about noon Tuesday . Police told KDLH they found bare footprints leading 190 feet away from the man 's home . For Tony Williams , the temperature in Minneapolis , Minnesota , was more than his body could handle . After shoveling outside his home without gloves for 45 minutes in minus-17-degree weather , Williams suffered second-degree frostbite , according to CNN affiliate KARE-TV . "  On his finger pads , all of his fingers and his thumb , he had the formation of blisters , " Dr. Cheryl Adkinson , an emergency physician at Hennepin County Medical Center who treated Williams , told KARE . In Grand Forks , North Dakota , the weather was severe enough to break a record temperature from 1979 , with minus 37 degrees , according to the National Weather Service . The blast of cold , snow and ice wreaked havoc on traffic throughout the Midwest . In cities across the area , schools and businesses shut their doors because of the icy temperatures , and residents tried to dig out their cars and streets . iReport.com : How is winter weather affecting you ? In Arlington Heights , Illinois , railroad worker Matt Tesh was feeling the sting of near-zero wind chills as he shoveled snow from railroad tracks Tuesday morning , CNN affiliate WGN reported . See how the storm has hit Chicago , Illinois " Wearing several layers under his bright orange coat , he tried working without a face mask . That did n't last long . "  Two or three minutes -LSB- without it -RSB- , and my face was burning , " he told WGN . In the next couple of days , forecasters are n't predicting much of a letup . The weather system , known as an "  Alberta clipper , " is expected to bring gusty winds , plummeting temperatures and a couple of inches of snow to Chicago , Illinois , on Wednesday morning , according to the weather service . The cold system from Canada will meet a system that originated in the Arctic and will spread below-freezing temperatures across the Great Lakes area , according to CNN meteorologist Guillermo Arduino . See the forecast " The system will bring many states in the Midwest the coldest days of the season , with hazardous wind chills . The weather service forecasters predicted snowfall of 1 to 5 inches from the Dakotas to the southern Great Lakes and even to the Northeast by the end of the week . "  Near-whiteout conditions and slick roads are expected to impact travel of all types , " according to the weather service 's central region headquarters . After previous blasts of snow and cold , airports in Chicago , Minneapolis , Milwaukee , Wisconsin ; and Grand Rapids and Detroit , Michigan , are expected to have continuing delays , Arduino said . Temperatures in Detroit are expected to reach minus 18 degrees Wednesday and minus 12 degrees Thursday . In Minneapolis , the front will bring temperatures down to minus 21 degrees Wednesday and minus 29 degrees Thursday . In Bismarck , North Dakota , temperatures on Wednesday will dip near minus 20 , with wind chills as low as minus 45 degrees . In the next couple of days , forecasters said , the city could receive 3 to 6 inches of snow on top of the 5 inches dumped there by the last winter system .	Major winter system hits Midwest , packing heavy winds and snow Forecasters predicting below-zero temperatures for next few days One man dies after sleepwalking barefoot outside in Wisconsin Man suffers frostbite after shoveling without gloves in minus 17 degree weather
CNN  -- The recent West Nile virus outbreak is the largest ever seen in the United States , according to new numbers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The number of cases so far this year is the highest recorded through August since the disease was first detected in the United States in 1999 . As of Tuesday , 38 states had reported human infections . The cases reported to the CDC as of Tuesday total 1,118 , including 41 deaths . Arkansas , Michigan and Mississippi have each reported an additional death . "  The peak of West Nile virus epidemics usually occurs in mid-August , but it takes a couple of weeks for people to get sick , go to the doctor and get reported , " said Dr. Lyle Petersen , the director of the CDC 's Vector-Borne Infectious Disease Division . "  Thus we expect many more cases to occur . " Fast facts on West Nile virus Petersen said that the reason for the high number of cases this year is unclear , but that unusually warm weather could have fostered favorable conditions for the disease 's transfer to humans . About 75 % of the cases are in Texas , Mississippi , Louisiana , South Dakota and Oklahoma . Texas has been at the epicenter of the outbreak , with 586 confirmed cases and 21 deaths , according to the Texas Department of State Health Services . Here are five things you need to know about West Nile virus : 1 . Most mosquitoes do not carry West Nile . In areas where mosquitoes carry the virus , only about one in 500 mosquitoes is infected , according to the Connecticut Mosquito Management Program . 2 . Most people bit by West Nile mosquitoes do not get sick . About 80 % of people bit by a mosquito infected with the West Nile virus do not get sick , according to the CDC . About 20 % will have relatively mild symptoms , such as fever , headache and vomiting . Symptoms can last for as short as a few days or as long as a few weeks . About one in 150 people infected with West Nile will develop a severe illness , which can include paralysis , coma or death . 3 . You can help prevent West Nile with the "  four Ds . " • Use mosquito repellent with DEET • Dress in long pants and long sleeves • Be especially careful at dusk and dawn • Drain any standing water , such as kiddie pools or bird fountains , where mosquitoes like to breed . 4 . People over 50 are most vulnerable . Those older than 50 are the most likely to become severely ill with West Nile and should take special care to avoid mosquitoes , according to the CDC . 5 . Seek medical care immediately if you have severe headaches or confusion . If you develop symptoms of severe West Nile virus illness , such as unusually severe headaches or confusion , seek medical attention immediately , according to the CDC . Severe illness usually requires hospitalization . Milder cases improve on their own and do not necessarily require medical attention . West Nile blamed in death of Illinois official as U.S. battles virus ' I knew my husband was going to go , ' West Nile widow says CNN 's Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	More than 1,100 cases and at least 44 deaths have been reported The numbers are the highest through August since the virus was first detected The number is expected to rise , officials say Steps can be taken to prevent West Nile infection
CNN  -- Police have charged the bassist of the rock band 3 Doors Down with vehicular homicide after they said his speeding car clipped a pickup truck , sending it down an embankment and killing the driver . The incident took place Friday night in Nashville . Police said Robert Todd Harrell , 41 , showed signs of impairment and acknowledged he had consumed hard cider and taken the prescription pills Lortab and Xanax . During a search in the booking room , authorities said , Davidson County Sheriff 's deputies discovered a plastic bag concealed in his sock that contained 8 Xanax pills , 24 oxycodone pills and 4 oxymorphone pills . Harrell also has been charged with bringing controlled substances into the jail . He was being held in lieu of $ 100,000 bond . Police said the pickup 's driver , Paul Howard Shoulders , was not wearing a seat belt and was ejected from his truck . He was pronounced dead at Vanderbilt University Medical Center . "  We are deeply saddened by the passing of Paul Howard Shoulders , Jr. , " said a statement on the band 's website . "  Our hearts and prayers go out to his family and friends at this difficult time . " 3 Doors Down may be best known for its song "  Kryptonite , " but had a string of hits in the early 2000s , including "  When I 'm Gone " and "  Here Without You . " Harrell is one of three founding members of the group that formed in Escatawpa , Mississippi , in 1994 , according to allmusic.com . The band toured regionally before eventually being discovered at a music showcase in New York . The band 's major label debut , "  The Better Life , " has sold more than six million copies , according to the Recording Industry Association of America .	Robert Harrell is charged with vehicular homicide He is also charged with bringing controlled substances into the jail The accident happened Friday night in Nashville 3 Doors Down may be best known for its song "  Kryptonite "
CNN  -- The Navy identified Thursday the two crew members who died when their F/A -18 F Super Hornet crashed during a training flight in central California . The fighter jet , manufactured by Boeing , went down Wednesday afternoon just west of Naval Air Station Lemoore . Lt. Matthew Ira Lowe , 33 , of Plantation , Florida , and Lt. Nathan Hollingsworth Williams , 28 , of Oswego , New York , were killed when the plane crashed in a farm field , the air station said in a statement . Lowe , the pilot , earned the Navy/Marine Corps Achievement Medal and the National Defense Service Medal during his career . Williams , a naval flight officer who managed the plane 's weapons systems , earned the Air Medal , Afghanistan Campaign Medal , Global War on Terrorism Service Medal , Sea Service Deployment ribbon and Pistol Marksmanship Medal . A Navy review board is investigating the incident . Capt. James Knapp , commanding officer of the station , said the plane and crew were assigned to Strike Fighter Squadron 122 .	Navy plane crashed near air station in central California Crew members were based at Naval Air Station Lemoore Review board is investigating cause of crash
CNN  If that was a tornado , it was one monster of one . Luckily , so far it looks like no one was hurt . With tornadoes touching down near Dallas on Sunday , Ryan Shepard snapped a photo of a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground . He said it was a tornado . It would n't be an exaggeration to say it looked half a mile wide . More like a mile , said Jamie Moore , head of emergency management in Johnson County , Texas . It could have been one the National Weather Service warned about in a tweet as severe thunderstorms drenched the area , causing street flooding . "  To repeat -- tornadoes  yes , two  likely W and E of Rio Vista . The one to the E of Rio Vista is a large , damaging tornado , " the NWS tweeted . Luckily , it tore through countryside , and there have been no reports of deaths . But surveyors had not been out to check for damage or casualties overnight because the weather was so bad , Moore said . There are reports of damage -- including many roofs ripped off -- in Rio Vista and Grandview , both outliers of Fort Worth . On social media , images circulated of flipped 18-wheelers . Tempestuous clouds created dangerous , awe-inspiring funnels and disks as a front swept through . Residents reported hail the size of softballs and posted photos as proof .	Surveyors did not check for damage or casualties overnight due to bad weather The National Weather Service sent tweets warning of a large tornado A resident snapped a photo of what could be a very large tornado
New York  CNN  -- The Korean War began 60 years ago on June 25 , 1950 , and it still has n't ended . Fighting on the Korean Peninsula may have stopped with a cease-fire in July 1953 , but North and South Korea have remained in a tense state of armed truce ever since , with open warfare just a hair-trigger away . The sinking of the South Korean navy vessel Cheonan on March 26 -- which an international investigation team concluded last week to be the result of a North Korean torpedo attack -- shows how volatile the situation remains between North and South . There is a real danger of the current war of words escalating into a shooting war , which would be a catastrophe for Korea and the surrounding region . But if all sides , including the United States , pull back from the brink , this tragedy may also present an opportunity to defuse tensions with North Korea and resume talks that have been on hold for the last two years . The Cheonan disaster caused an outcry of grief and anger in South Korea . On May 24 , South Korea 's President Lee Myung-bak gave a forceful speech to his countrymen , asserting that South Korea would not tolerate any provocation from the North and would pursue "  proactive deterrence . " South Koreans , Lee vowed , "  will immediately exercise our right of self-defense " if their territorial waters , airspace or territory are violated . " Lee called the sinking of the Cheonan , in which 46 sailors died , a violation of the United Nations Charter and of the Korean War Armistice and said he would turn to the U.N. Security Council for international support in condemning North Korea . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has demanded North Korea face "  consequences " for this attack . But North Korea denies involvement in the incident , claiming the whole investigation is a fabrication designed to undermine North-South Korean relations and ignite a war against the North . The North Koreans have said any retaliation against them for the incident would be met with a forceful and immediate response , up to and including all-out war . China has so far been neutral about the investigation 's findings , calling the incident a "  tragedy " but refusing to blame North Korea and calling for calm on all sides . Without China 's support , no call for action against North Korea will make it through the U.N. Security Council .  China is one of the five nations that hold veto power on the Council .  China supported two rounds of U.N. sanctions against Pyongyang , after North Korea 's nuclear tests in 2006 and 2009 , but is unlikely to support sanctions this time . North Korea denies responsibility for the incident and China regards the evidence as inconclusive . Besides , it 's hard to see what further economic or diplomatic pressure can be put on North Korea , which already faces tough previous sanctions . Contrary to common belief , North Korea is not facing internal political disarray or economic decline . Kim Jong Il appears to be fully in charge , and harvests for the last two years have been relatively good . Chinese sources estimate a substantial increase in North Korean industrial production over the last year . Whatever may have motivated the attack on the Cheonan , it was not the act of a desperate or divided regime , and the strong sanctions called for by President Lee -- even if China would agree to support and enforce them -- are not likely to get North Korea to admit responsibility for the attack or to change its behavior . On the other hand , there is a real danger of this war of words escalating into a shooting war . With well over a million Korean troops facing each other across the Demilitarized Zone separating North and South , along with 29,000 U.S. troops in the South , and North Korea now armed with nuclear weapons , the consequences of a renewed Korean War would be catastrophic for the Korean peninsula and the entire Northeast Asia region . The Cheonan incident has reinforced U.S.-South Korean and U.S.-Japanese cooperation in deterring the North . But deterrence can look like provocation from the other side , and in such a tense and volatile environment , a slight miscalculation can lead to disaster . Anger and outrage may be understandable , but cooler heads must prevail . Millions of lives are at stake . Rather than lead to deepening confrontation , this tragedy may be an opportunity to re-engage North Korea in talks to scale back and ultimately eliminate its nuclear program , and to promote security and economic cooperation with its neighbors . North Korea has never admitted to acts of terrorism in the past , and we can not expect it to acknowledge responsibility and apologize for the sinking of the Cheonan as a precondition for such talks . Instead , the international community should take advantage of Kim Jong Il 's stated willingness to return to multilateral negotiations , suspended since 2008 , as a way of reducing tensions on the Korean peninsula . It is time to end the Korean War , not start it anew . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Armstrong .	Charles Armstrong says new conflict between North and South shows tension unabated International probe shows North Korea sunk South 's Navy ship , he says ; South is furious North Korea denies role in sinking ; China reluctant to weigh in on U.N. sanctions , he says Writer : Armed conflict threatens ; but could be opportunity for new negotiations with North
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- I was 14 at the time . Lebanon 's civil war was in full flood . One afternoon the shells began raining down on our neighborhood in Beirut . A Lebanese woman and her son run through west Beirut in 1989 during fighting between rival forces . We ran from school screaming . Forget the book bags , classmates , homework . Just run . Out of breath , my knees giving way , it seemed to take forever to reach our local shelter -- a dark humid room at the back of our apartment block . The memory of that terrifying afternoon receded -- until recently . After more than a decade of relative peace and reconstruction , the bombings and assassinations have returned to Beirut . Every time I hear of a new explosion , I think of a frightened child sitting in darkness . In 1988 , I watched the last throes of Lebanon 's civil war firsthand -- and like millions of Lebanese , sad , frustrated and often fearful . See a timeline of Lebanon 's recent history " Now I watch from another continent , but I find those same emotions resurfacing . The conspiracies , the car bombs , the threatening rhetoric and political deadlock are eerily familiar . The actors are like shadows from a long gone past . They are grayer perhaps -- those who have avoided assassination . But the cast in Lebanon 's tragedy has changed little in two decades . Then , as now , a presidential election is the setting , and the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set Lebanon back 20 years . See bios of Lebanon 's major players " In 1988 , the president 's term was coming to an end and the warring factions were unable to agree on a new candidate . Militias prevented parliament members from reaching the assembly building . Compromise was nowhere in sight . The West had abandoned Lebanon to the manipulation of its neighbors . Syria had its choice for president ; Israel had its own allies -- a foil for growing Muslim radicalism . The country was awash with weapons . In his last act as president , Amin Gemayel named fellow Christian and Army Chief Michel Aoun as prime minister . At a stroke , he shattered the convention that a Muslim hold that position . Muslims refused to serve in the Cabinet and the country ended up with two governments . Aoun famously declared : "  I am prime minister and six ministers in one . " Aoun 's "  War of Liberation " against Syria turned into defeat . Then , he turned on fellow Christians of the Lebanese Forces in the "  War of Elimination . " When that failed , the Syrians drove Aoun to take refuge at the French Embassy . In August 1990 , I came to CNN as a World Report panelist . I tried to explain Lebanon 's chaos , the bewildering array of factions and the horrors of civil war for ordinary civilians . I had seen people killed in front of me ; children orphaned in seconds , parents burying their infants in oversize white coffins . So when I was offered the opportunity to stay at CNN , I gratefully accepted the chance to escape the anarchy . But almost as I left , the civil war was being laid to rest . The various factions had fought each other to a standstill ; Arab governments , supported by the West , helped negotiate a new constitutional framework overseen by Syrian influence . Peace came to Lebanon , but it would be five years before I returned . In 1995 , I went back and was stunned . I kept looking around for checkpoints manned by militants . I could n't believe that I could go anywhere without being harassed or kidnapped by one faction or another . No longer did identity -- Christian , Muslim or Druze -- define where Lebanese could go . People mixed freely in chic coffee shops and smoked the hubble-bubble , laughing at the same jokes . It was as if Lebanon 's divisions had been wiped away by some magic eraser . Downtown Beirut , once rocked by explosions and pitted with bullet holes , was rocking to Lebanese pop music . The dusty sandbags had given way to boutiques carrying the latest European fashions and deluxe hotels . Lovers had returned to Beirut 's Corniche , overlooking the Mediterranean , for romantic strolls at sunset . But the agreement that ended the civil war was more a truce than a real settlement -- and was overseen by a "  pax Syriana . " As anti-Syrian sentiment grew , so did political tensions . On Valentine 's Day 2005 , the Corniche was once again rocked by an explosion . Former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri was killed . The symbolism left me speechless . On the day of love , Lebanon was thrown back into its most hateful history . It had been widely expected that Hariri would run for office again and demand the withdrawal of Syrian troops . Suspicion fell on Damascus , which vehemently denied involvement . On March 14 , Martyrs ' Square became a human sea of demonstrators : Muslims , Druze and Christians alike , demanding the "  truth . " But Hariri 's death also exposed the fault lines that had broken Lebanon a generation previously . Even after it withdrew its troops , Syria still had allies in Lebanon . One was Hezbollah , accused of the suicide attacks that had killed scores of U.S. Marines in Beirut more than 20 years previously . Another was Gen. Michel Aoun ; now back from exile , the same Michel Aoun who had defied Syria in 1989 , but who now made common cause with Hezbollah against his fellow Christians . Earlier this year I visited Martyrs ' Square . The spirit of the Cedar Revolution had evaporated . The place looked like a morgue . Anti-government Hezbollah squatters had brought life there to a standstill . As I passed through , business owners stood silent in the sun and shook their heads at me in despair . I wondered if they sensed my disappointment , my pain at watching Beirut bleed again . Lebanon 's political actors now find themselves re-enacting scenes from the final act of the civil war 19 years ago . Once again , the term of the president is approaching its end ; there is no agreement on his successor . Suspicion and fear are the political currency of the day . And the questions haunts me : Will the country 's brief renaissance that so amazed me in 1995 be snuffed out by the old curse of sectarian rivalries ? E-mail to a friend CNN 's Joe Sterling , David Ariosto , Saad Abedine and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	CNN 's Octavia Nasr : Will Lebanon 's brief renaissance be snuffed out ? Nasr says Lebanon 's key power players have n't changed since 1980s Nasr : Current struggle threatens to set Lebanon back 20 years
Madrid  CNN  -- Chanting "  they do n't represent us , " tens of thousands in Madrid railed early Sunday against Spain 's government and austerity cuts -- venting their anger on the first anniversary of the so-called May 15 protest movement . The government earlier had given a 10 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  Saturday deadline for the crowd in the central Puerta del Sol plaza to disperse . Yet while their numbers appeared to thin somewhat by early Sunday , they remained a loud and vibrant presence in the square -- as a large number of police , stationed at a nearby government building and along side streets , looked on and let them be . Throngs of like-minded demonstrators also gathered over the weekend in Barcelona and about 80 other cities around Spain . The coordinated events marked the return of the "  indignados " -- or the outraged , as the protesters became known -- who led Europe 's first serious and significant anti-cuts and anti-austerity grassroots movement . Similar demonstrations decrying governments ' attempts to get their budgets in order , sometimes by slashing public funding , later emerged elsewhere around Europe . In Madrid this weekend , marchers from the north , south , east and west descended on Puerta del Sol plaza on Saturday evening . For hours , demonstrators shouted , jumped , sang and waved white handkerchiefs . Their most dramatic moment , though , may have been their quietest : when they held their hands aloft , silently , in a "  silent shout " before erupting in cheers . If and when the crowd dissipates early Sunday , they are expected to return . The government has OK 'd three more days of protests in Madrid , meaning similar scenes could play out into the middle of the week . The number of demonstrators evident in Madrid over the weekend were strong , though they appeared to be slightly fewer than those who had gathered in the same spot -- in what 's known as ground zero of the movement -- a year earlier . Back then , protesters encamped in Madrid and other cities made their voices heard . The tens of thousands of people who turned out in the initial days grew to an estimated 6 million protesters over the following months , in a nation of 46 million people . Since then , Occupy camps around the world have come and gone . The new protests organized by the May 15 movement are different in at least one key respect : a new conservative government is now in control , having taken over in December . Spain 's economic crisis also has worsened since last year . The nation has slipped back into a recession , the unemployment rate has risen to 24 % overall and more than 50 % for those under age 25 , and the government has enacted billions of dollars in austerity cuts , along with some tax hikes , to reduce the budget deficit . "  We are really tired of this situation , " said Madrid protester Paola Alvarado , a purchasing agent . "  And the new government is the same . They steal our money and give it to the banks . " Spain 's austerity protests have been largely peaceful to date , with only occasional clashes between protesters and police , and some arrests in cities like Barcelona and Valencia . And prior the latest protests , the new government -- which has vowed to maintain order and prevent a repetition of encampments in Madrid and beyond -- urged police commanders to use "  common sense " as to how they dealt with the latest round of public dissent . In recent months , Spanish trade unions , traditionally the protest leaders , have been at the forefront of demonstrations against the austerity cuts and labor market reforms , with the May 15 movement barely visible . "  Maybe the most important thing is it awakened a consciousness , beyond concrete changes , to make historic change possible , " said Jon Aguirre Such , who was a movement spokesman a year ago but now spends more time on his architectural cooperative for urban planning . "  I think everyone who took part in the May 15 movement made history . They can take away from us many things , but not our memory and our dream , " Aguirre said . The original May 15 movement is credited with helping stop dozens of housing evictions . Activists pressured bank and court officials to delay or stop foreclosures on delinquent mortgages . But Ignacio Urquiza , a sociologist who has studied the movement for the left-leaning Fundacion Alternativas , said there has been little big-picture change as to government policies and operations . "  The demonstrations did n't do more than expose -- for a brief time -- some issues . But Spain 's economic crisis and political system have not changed . They are the same as last year , " he said .	NEW : Thousands in Madrid 's Puerta del Sol plaza do a "  silent shout " to protest cuts NEW : "  The new government is the same , " a woman says , claiming people are fed up Similar rallies are held in Barcelona and other cities around Spain The protests coincide with the anniversary of the launch of the May 15 movement
CNN  -- Forget the 4G marketing hype . Which U.S. carriers really offer the fastest mobile-data networks ? According to a new report from RootMetrics  a company which conducts its own field tests of wireless networks  , Verizon Wireless currently offers the nation 's fastest 4G -- by far . RootMetrics recently compared 4G networks from the four major U.S. carriers in 27 cities . Across all cities , Verizon performed at 4G speeds in 66 % of tests . What qualifies as 4G speed ? According to RootMetrics , that 's a download speed of at least three megabits per second -- fast enough to download a 30-minute standard-definition TV episode in less than 10 minutes . "  In cities where we could test Verizon 's LTE  network  , their average download speeds were roughly equivalent with the other carriers ' maximum download speeds . In several markets , Verizon 's average download speeds actually exceeded the maximum speeds of the other carriers , " the report said . What about the other carriers ? According to the report , "  AT&T , T-Mobile , and Sprint offered similar performances to one another overall and jockeyed back and forth behind Verizon across the markets . AT&T and T-Mobile were especially close : AT&T offered 4G speed in 40.7 % of our tests , while T-Mobile recorded 4G speed in 39.5 % of our tests . " Of course , carriers do not deploy 4G networks evenly across a given metro area . They tend to focus deployment in more densely populated areas , and along major highways and office or shopping districts . Depending on the city and the carrier , they may also deploy more 4G resources in wealthier neighborhoods . So the report noted : "  In those cities where LTE was not available , Verizon performed markedly slower . Where LTE is present , Verizon is easily the fastest ; where LTE is not , Verizon is among the slowest carriers for data delivery . " Most mobile users do n't download huge files to their phones , so "  upper 3G " download speeds  1.5-3 Mbps , according to RootMetrics  will still seem pretty impressive to a typical mobile user . And even "  lower 3G " speeds  between 500 kilobytes/second and 1.5 Mbps  are adequate for most mobile activities . On this front , AT&T 's HSPA + network is pretty dependable , said RootMetrics : "  AT&T delivered 3G speeds more consistently than the other carriers : they recorded upper 3G speed in 28 % of our tests and lower 3G speed in 20 % of our tests . AT&T fell below 3G speeds in only 11 % of our tests , the lowest percentage of any of the carriers . " T-Mobile 's performance was mostly similar to AT&T 's in terms of 4G , but "  disparities emerge when comparing T-Mobile 's non-4G tests to AT&T 's . When T-Mobile did n't hit 4G , they ... were more prone to slipping to slower 3G speeds . " Sprint may offer more consumer-friendly 4G data plans than AT&T or Verizon -- but there 's a performance tradeoff . RootMetrics found "  a significant disparity between cities where Sprint had WiMAX available and those where WiMAX was either not present or access to it proved sporadic . For instance , Sprint delivered a market-best average download speed of 4.6 Mbps in WiMAX-enabled Kansas City , while recording a noticeably slow 0.5 Mbps in non-WiMAX Buffalo . " If you like to post or live-stream audio or video from your phone to the Internet , you probably care about upload speeds -- which means you might want to avoid Sprint , unless it offers a WiMAX network in your city . "  Sprint 's average upload speeds were consistently slow . Sprint was the only carrier to never record an average upload speed above 1.0 Mbps in any of the markets we tested , " said the report . Sprint also markets cell phone service through several discount carriers that focus on no-contract mobile plans , such as Virgin Mobile and Boost Mobile -- and some of these brands are starting to market 4G phones and service . Julia Dey , vice president of marketing for RootMetrics , clarified that the company 's numbers for Sprint would apply to other carriers that rely on Sprint 's networks . If you 're unsure , you can ask the discount carriers whether they use Sprint 's network in your city -- and whether it 's a WiMAX network or not . MetroPCS  which never rolled out much of a 3G network  has been aggressively deploying its own 4G LTE network . The current RootMetrics 4G comparison report does not include MetroPCS , but Dey says RootMetrics is starting to add MetroPCS and other carriers to its field testing regimen . The company plans to start publishing city reports with data from these carriers by the end of this year . In addition to rating carriers ' 4G performance across all of the cities , the report rated cities according to how much choice local residents have in 4G carriers . When rating cities for 4G access and quality , RootMetrics took more than speed into account : By their reckoning , a "  4G city " must also offer a choice of reliable 4G providers . In all , 19 of the 27 cities RootMetrics examined had at least three  and sometimes four  carriers offering download speeds of at least 3 Mbps in more than 40 % of their field tests . Denver and Portland , Oregon , topped this list , achieving 4G speeds in over 61 % of tests . The remaining eight 4G cities had at least two carriers meeting this benchmark . Philadelphia and Chicago were at the bottom of this category , each reaching 4G speeds in about 42 % of field tests . If you 're trying to find the best cell phone network where you live , do n't just rely on carrier coverage maps or speed claims -- which are often based on theoretical maximum output from cell towers . RootMetrics offers coverage maps based on data gathered via its own field testing team , plus crowdsource data gathered via its iPhone and Android apps . In the last year it has also published mobile performance reports for about three dozen major U.S. metro areas . OpenSignalMaps , another source to check , offers similar crowdsourced data gathered via its Android app . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Verizon performed at 4G speeds in 66 % of tests -- better than AT&T , Sprint , T-Mobile 4G speed means a download speed of at least three megabits per second RootMetrics compared 4G networks from the four major U.S. carriers in 27 cities
CNN  -- U.S. military forces conducted an operation Monday against the Al-Shabaab network in Somalia , Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said . "  We are assessing the results of the operation and will provide additional information as and when appropriate , " he said . No other information was immediately available . The Pentagon did not say who was targeted , where in Somalia the operation took place nor why the operation was happening now . But the governor of Somalia 's Lower Shabelle region said a suspected drone strike hit a small rebel-held village between the towns of Dhaab Tubaako and Haaway . Gov. Abdikadir Mohamed Nur Sidii added that attack appeared to target an Al-Shabaab camp where top leaders of the group have been holding a meeting to discuss an ongoing joint offensive by Somali and AU troops against their strongholds in the country 's south . He said those targeted appeared to include the leader of the Al-Shabaab militants , Ahmed Godane , but it was not clear whether he was injured or not . Godane has been a driving force behind Al-Shabaab declaring its affiliation to al Qaeda and has pressed for the group to launch attacks beyond Somalia . The United States designated Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked militant group , as a foreign terrorist organization in March 2008 . It has targeted Al-Shabaab leaders in Somalia at least twice in the past year . Also Monday , the African Union Mission in Somalia  AMISOM  announced that military forces had liberated several important towns from the terrorists ' grip , in the Middle Shabelle and Hiiran regions "  The Somali National Army supported by AMISOM forces have faced little resistance from their advancement as al-Shabaab simply melted away when they heard the aligned forces are approaching , " the mission said in a written statement . The developments come just one day after Al-Shabaab fighters dressed in government military uniforms approached the gate of a high security prison in Mogadishu , set off a car bomb and fired their way into the building . During the assault on the National Intelligence and Security Agency prison , three security guards and two civilians were killed and 15 others were injured , Security Ministry spokesman Mohamed Yusuf told CNN . The NISA prison is underground and is close to the Somali presidential palace in Mogadishu . Hundreds of inmates , mostly Al-Shabaab members , are being held there . Al-Shabaab hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state and has launched attacks in other countries as well . The group claimed responsibility for the siege of the Westgate mall in Nairobi last September 21 that killed at least 67 people . CNN 's Susanna Capelouto and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : A Somali governor reports a suspected drone strike apparently targeting Godane The U.S. has targeted Al-Shabaab leaders in Somalia at least twice in the past year Al-Shabaab hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state The United States considers Al-Shabaab a foreign terrorist organization
Umm Khattab is an online foodie . She posts pictures of Vietnamese grilled chicken and other recipes on the Web , peppering her conversations , like many young women her age , with emojis and lols . Then there 's the photo of the AK-47 next to the Quran that she posted online , calling for British Prime Minister David Cameron 's head on a spike . Welcome to the online world of the women of ISIS . Umm Khattab , as she identifies herself online , is one of scores of women that have joined the terror group that has declared an independent Islamic state across huge swathes of Iraq and Syria in recent months . The Terrorism Research and Analysis Consortium  TRAC  estimates that as many as 15 % of ISIS ' foreign recruits are women -- possibly up to 200 women from at least 14 different countries . It 's not the first time for women in a jihadist conflict . But it is the first time they have been recruited in such large numbers . "  The classic ` mujahadiyah ' is in a supportive role -- as a wife , mother , doing the house tasks for her jihadi male , " says Veryan Khan of TRAC . "  They have same goals and ambitions as the men once they get there . Now granted , their roles may be much more limited to a 1950 's housewife role . " That has been the experience of Aqsa Mahmood , once a shy Glasgow schoolgirl , now married to an ISIS fighter in Syria . She left her family in November 2013 and headed to Syria with nothing more than her university backpack . She is believed to write a blog under the name Umm Layth that reads as a how-to manual for any female ISIS recruit . Top tips : Before you travel , get your shots , pack sturdy boots and a warm coat . But also , pack plenty of hijabs and niqabs -- full body veils -- because they are not readily available in the self-declared caliphate . "  The Syrians  sic  view of Hijab is a complete joke , " she writes in the blog . "  The abayas are skin tight and their niqaab starts from their forehead and ends at their nostrils . " But her ambitions to take on a frontline role appear to have been thwarted by ISIS ' strict rules for women . "  I will be straight up and blunt with you all , there is absolutely nothing for sisters to participate in Qitaal , " she writes , using the Arabic word for fighting or killing . "  We have plenty brothers  sic  who do n't even get selected on operations . The brothers get upset and start crying since they want to participate . So , what does that make you think ? For the sisters its completely impossible for the now . InshaaAllah in the future  sic  . " In February , however , ISIS formed Al-Khansaa , a female battalion with about 60 members , all of them believed to between under the age of 25 . They now have their own media channel with propaganda videos promoting their work . The battalion has two roles : Manning checkpoints and inspecting all women that pass , and enforcing ISIS ' strict morality code for women in the caliphate . There are reports of the women conducting inspections of schools and markets , and flogging women who are not fully veiled in the niqab . "  We are seeing two notable trends that we need to pay attention to : one is women actively participating , or rather being right behind , the front lines . Second , their statements that they want to participate even more , " says Khan of TRAC . "  This is obviously rapidly changing as we speak . They 're being trained in weaponry , how to clean the weapon , how to fire the weapon . And granted these are just basic bootcamp skills , but they have the means to defend themselves . " Despites the seemingly trivial exchange of recipes and designs , there is little doubt that these women are staunch advocates of the values and beliefs of ISIS and regularly call on other "  sisters " from around the world to make the "  hijrah , " or journey , to Syria .	Experts say women have flocked to join ISIS , which has seized swathes of Iraq and Syria One group estimates that up to 15 % of ISIS ' foreign recruits are women In February ISIS formed Al-Khansaa , a female battalion with about 60 members , all under the age of 25
Mental Floss  -- 1 . "  Für Elise " Bob Dylan wrote "  It Ai n't Me , Babe " for Joan Baez . Written by : Ludwig van Beethoven Written for : Some girl probably not named Elise . In fact , as far as most historians can tell , Beethoven did n't even know an Elise . Instead , the song was originally titled "  Bagatelle in A minor " based on some handwritten notation a Beethoven researcher claimed to have seen on a now-lost copy of the sheet music . Further complicating things , Beethoven had hideous handwriting -- to the point that some scholars speculate the song was actually written "  for Therese , " as in Therese Malfatti , one of several women who turned down a marriage proposal from the notoriously lovesick maestro . 2 . "  Philadelphia Freedom " Written by : Elton John & Bernie Taupin Written for : Billie Jean King , as a thank-you for a tracksuit she gave Elton . And what a tracksuit it must have been ! The 1975 song remains one of the most popular disco hits ever , leaving thousands of Hustle enthusiasts wondering just what Billie Jean King had to do with Philadelphia , anyway . Turns out , the song was a reference to King 's pro tennis team , The Philadelphia Freedoms . Prior to 1968 , tennis players were all considered "  amateurs " and were n't eligible to receive prize money . So , if you did n't have the wealth to support yourself , you could n't play . Billie Jean King fought against those constraints , ultimately founding Professional World Team Tennis in 1974 and turning tennis into a paid league sport . 3 . "  Lola " Written by : The Kinks ' Ray Davies Written for : A transvestite . But the question is , which one ? According to Rolling Stone , "  Lola " was inspired by Candy Darling , a member of Andy Warhol 's entourage , whom Ray Davies briefly  and cluelessly  dated . If that 's the case , then "  Lola " is just another notch on Darling 's song belt -- she 's also referred to in Lou Reed 's "  Walk on the Wild Side . "  "  Candy came from out on the Island / In the backroom she was everybody 's darlin ' . " But , in the Kinks ' official biography , Davies tells a different story . He says "  Lola " was written after the band 's manager spent a very drunken night dancing with a woman whose five o'clock shadow was apparently obvious to everyone but him . 4 . "  867-5309 / Jenny " Written by : Jim Keller  of Tommy Tutone  and Alex Call Written for : Unknown , as the songwriters apparently make up a different story about its inspiration every time they 're asked . While the woman continues to remain a mystery , however , the phone number is all too real . In fact , it 's been wreaking havoc ever since 1982 and the passage of time has n't quelled of the number of crank calls . In 1999 , Brown University freshman roommates Nina Clemente and Jahanaz Mirza found that out the hard way , when the school adopted an 867 exchange number for its on-campus phone system . Immediately , the girls ' innocuous Room No. 5309 became a magnet for every drunk college kid with a 1980s fetish . Other unfortunate phone customers have fought back with creative and profitable solutions , like the holder of 212-867-5309 , who put his phone number up for auction on eBay in 2004 . Bids approached $ 100,000 before eBay pulled the item at the request of Verizon , the number 's actual owner . 5 . "  Oh , Carol " Written by : Neil Sedaka Written for : Carole King , naturally . Sedaka and King actually dated briefly in high school -- a romance Sedaka was able to successfully milk with "  Oh , Carol , " a then top-10  if now somewhat forgettable  1959 pop song . However , the real success of "  Oh , Carol " came a few months later , when it inspired King to write a rebuttal entitled "  Oh , Neil . " At the time , King and her husband , Gerry Goffin , were fledgling songwriters in need of a hit tune . "  Oh , Neil " was n't that , but it did pay off . After Sedaka gave a tape of the song to his boss , King and Goffin landed jobs at the legendary Brill Building pop music factory , where the duo went on to write chart-toppers like "  Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow " and "  The Loco-Motion . " 6 . "  It Ai n't Me , Babe " Written by : Bob Dylan Written for : Joan Baez , though it clearly was n't the nicest gift Dylan could have given her . The two met in 1961 , when Baez was an up-and-coming folk singer and Dylan was a nobody from Minnesota . Desperate to make his break in the music biz , Dylan worked like crazy to get Baez 's attention . He eventually ended up going on tour with her , which is how he first became famous , and also how the two began dating . For a while , they seemed like the golden couple , but things soon went downhill . During a European concert tour together in early 1965 , they had a huge fight and parted ways . That May , Dylan was holed up in a hotel after being hospitalized with a virus , and Baez , hoping to remain friends , decided to bring him flowers . Sadly , that 's how she found out that her ex was already dating someone else . That someone else was Sara Lownds , whom Dylan married a mere six months later . 7 . "  Our House " Written by : Graham Nash  of Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young Written for : Joni Mitchell . In December 1968 , Nash and Mitchell moved into a cozy little house in the Laurel Canyon section of Los Angeles . Though commonly left out of the hippy pantheon , Laurel Canyon was sort of a commune-home away from commune-home for San Francisco society -- not just CSN&Y , but also Jim Morrison , the Eagles , Frank Zappa , and more . "  Our House " was directly inspired by a lazy Sunday in the Nash/Mitchell household . The couple went out to brunch , hit an antiques store , and then returned to find the house just a bit chilly , at which point Nash literally "  lit a fire , " while Mitchell "  placed the flowers in the vase that she bought that day . " No , really . The whole tableau seemed so ridiculously domestic to Nash that he immediately sat down and spent the rest of the day writing about it . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Several famous songs written by men for a woman Beethoven 's "  Für Elise " may have been written "  for Therese " Songwriters make up stories about who is behind "  867-5309 / Jenny "
CNN  -- Advancements in Iranian missile capabilities are driving Gulf Arab countries to cooperate on a theater-wide missile defense system . The fear is that Iran could launch missiles at refineries , population centers , oil tankers and naval forces if conflict erupted . To deter and , if necessary , destroy Iranian missiles , the United States is championing a defense shield across the Arabian Peninsula , covering Kuwait to Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Qatar and the United Arab Emirates . But pronouncements are easier to make than to realize in practice . Can these Gulf nations overcome their differences for their mutual protection ? Is U.S. diplomacy sufficient to forge such collaboration ? The proposal occurs amid escalating tensions with Iran . Last year the International Atomic Energy Agency raised new concerns about Iran 's secretive nuclear programs . Diplomacy failed to address these issues , prompting the United States and Europe to tighten sanctions against Iran 's oil economy . While the Tehran regime ratchets up its rhetoric , senior U.S. officials are trying to forestall an Israeli pre-emptive attack on Iran 's nuclear sites and to reassure Gulf leaders that a U.S.-led defensive umbrella would mitigate the effects of any conflict . The United States has potent , seaborne Aegis anti-missile defenses to offer , and Israel and Saudi Arabia have previously invested in missile defense systems . Indeed , Saudi Arabia recently announced a major modernization of its Patriot Advanced Capability , or PAC-3 , missile systems . But the latest scheme is a plan to build a regional network linking Kuwait , Bahrain , Qatar and the United Arab Emirates into a wider intelligence and early-warning network , offering them defensive systems that can operate with U.S. Armed Forces . Opinion : Romney on Iran is just like Obama Recent multibillion-dollar deals include Kuwait 's purchase of 60 new PAC-3 missiles and a variety of radars , control stations and launching stations ; and the United Arab Emirates ' deployment of both PAC-3 short-range interceptors and Terminal High Altitude Area Defense , or THAAD , medium-range interceptors . Meanwhile , the United States has been beefing up defenses at its bases in Saudi Arabia and Bahrain  headquarters of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet  as well as erecting an early-warning radar system in Qatar . The chaos in Syria adds urgency to these efforts . President Bashar al-Assad has threatened to fire missiles and chemical weapons against states that intervene in Syria 's civil war , presumably including countries supporting future U.S. military activities . But while Syria may pose a threat to some in the region , theater missile defenses are primarily aimed at Iran 's mounting military arsenal . Those growing capabilities include short-range missiles designed to hit sea-based targets as well as medium-range Shahab and Ghadr missiles . Iran 's missiles are mostly mobile and thus difficult to strike pre-emptively . The Pentagon estimates that Iran could test-flight an intercontinental missile , capable of carrying a nuclear warhead , as early as 2015 . In the midst of these tensions , few would be shocked by a war with Iran . Indeed , many already see a low-level "  shadow war " under way , with assassinations , terrorism , offensive cyberwarfare  including the use of the Stuxnet computer worm that infected Iran 's nuclear enrichment facilities at Natanz  , unmanned aerial vehicles and the use of special operations forces widely reported . The Iranians have threatened to close the Strait of Hormuz oil route , a move that could be accomplished by laying mines and targeting the narrow shipping chokepoint , or using swarm boat tactics to attack combat ships and tankers , or blowing up critical energy infrastructure that would be costly and difficult to replace . In other words , any missile defenses would be part of a larger war , making it difficult to predict the various scenarios that might unfold in a prolonged , wider war with Iran . Opinion : A lull in the drift toward war with Iran ? All these military measures would have to be tied to political goals . Yet an escalating conflict could easily lead to shifting war aims and mission creep . For example , the United States and its allies might seek regime change rather than just the eradication of Iran 's nuclear program . Likewise , for the Iranian regime , objectives could encompass not just survival and sanction-busting but also a desire to inflict economic harm on the United States and threaten the viability of Israel . Israel , with its Iron Dome and Arrow anti-ballistic missile defense systems , has the world 's most robust national missile defenses in the world . Yet if Tehran acquires nuclear weapons , many Israelis believe the Iranians would use them as an offensive weapon and not just to achieve deterrence . Israel 's Iron Dome can protect against short-range missiles , and recently upgraded Arrow systems are designed to thwart advanced medium-range missiles . But reports are rampant that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu might pre-emptively strike Iran 's nuclear facilities before the U.S. November elections . No doubt such reports are only further encouraging the Obama administration 's intensive efforts to strengthen deterrence and reassure regional partners . Opinion : What if Israel bombs Iran ? But it is unlikely that Israel and the Gulf Arab states can forge a seamless missile shield across a vast region . Indeed , there are serious questions about how well Gulf states can share information and act in concert . What 's new this past year is that five of the six-member states that make up the Gulf Cooperation Council  Oman being the outlier  are attempting NATO-like security cooperation despite their different agendas and historical antipathies . Longstanding differences are unlikely to be bridged in a matter of months -- unless something forces them together . No country is eager to blunder into war with Iran . At the same time , should conflict escalate , Iran 's actions may drive disparate actors , even Gulf Arab states and Israel , to unprecedented collaboration for their mutual defense . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Patrick M. Cronin .	Patrick M. Cronin : Gulf Arab countries are cooperating on a missile shield against Iran Cronin : U.S. is hoping to cover Kuwait to Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Qatar and United Arab Emirates Cronin : Pentagon says Iran could test-flight an intercontinental missile as early as 2015 There are serious questions about how well Gulf states can collaborate , Cronin says
CNN  -- The smell of smoke was reported in a plane that landed at California 's Oakland International Airport late Wednesday , officials said . SkyWest Flight 4454 arrived from Los Angeles International Airport on time , landed and taxied to the gate normally . There were 75 passengers and 4 crew members on board the CRJ 900 aircraft at the time . The reported smell of smoke was noticed shortly after landing , said Delta Air Lines spokesman Russell Cason . SkyWest is a Delta subsidiary . There were no injuries or damage reported , and passengers disembarked at the gate , airport spokesman Scott Witner said . Authorities could not find the source of the smoke , and fire officials have left the scene , he said . CNN 's Maria White contributed to this report	SkyWest Flight 4455 plane lands normally The smell of smoke is noticed afterward , Delta say All 75 passenger exit normally , and fire officials leave the scene
Washington  CNN  -- Just a day before voters head to the polls , the New Hampshire Senate race is anyone 's guess with the two candidates locked in a dead heat according to two new polls . Incumbent Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen edges out Republican challenger Scott Brown in a WMUR poll out Sunday while Brown is barely ahead of Shaheen by a one point margin in a New England College poll also out Sunday . Both results amount to a statistical tie with both leads within the polls ' margin of error . The last word from the WMUR poll of 757 likely voters calls the race at 47 % for Shaheen to Brown 's 45 % -- but 6 % of voters say they remain undecided . The New England College poll of 1,526 likely voters gives Brown the race 49 % to 48 % , but says just 2 % of voters are undecided . The race has tightened since the summer when Brown consistently trailed his opponent in every major nonpartisan poll . Brown has effectively closed the gap and his campaign has worked hard since the summer to tarnish Shaheen 's independent brand by tying her to President Barack Obama , who pulls a 37 % approval rating among the state 's likely voters , according to the WMUR poll . Brown has also run several ads playing up the Ebola crisis and the threat from ISIS , saying in a September ad , "  President Obama and Senator Shaheen seem confused about the threat , not me . " While the race has tightened in Brown 's favor , a larger share of voters ' polled by WMUR said they believe Shaheen is most likely to pull through with a win -- 55 % of respondents said Shaheen would triumph compared to 49 % in October . Shaheen , meanwhile , who has served as both governor and senator in New Hampshire has touted her in-state credentials while branding Brown as an outsider . Brown served nearly three years representing Massachusetts in the U.S. Senate before moving to New Hampshire after losing his bid for reelection .	Two polls released Sunday showed the New Hampshire senate race a dead heat The WMUR poll has Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen ahead by 2 percentage points The New England College poll had former Sen. Scott Brown ahead by 1 percentage point
The United States is advising airlines with direct flights serving Russia to be aware of the possibility that explosive materials could be concealed in toothpaste or cosmetic tubes , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee said Wednesday night . Rep. Michael McCaul said the Department of Homeland Security issued a bulletin to airlines flying into Russia warning of the potential threat . The bulletin , the Texas Republican said , indicated that officials believed the explosives might be used during flights or smuggled into the city of Sochi , where competition at the Winter Olympics begins Thursday . The opening ceremony is Friday . A U.S. law enforcement official told CNN that the cause for the Homeland Security alert was specific to the imminent start of the games . According to the source , authorities have increasing confidence about the safety of Sochi and the Olympic venues . Still , U.S. intelligence is picking up increasing chatter that causes worry about targets outside the Sochi area , including regional transportation links . The biggest ongoing worry outside this new concern -- as expected -- is groups based in southern Russia 's Caucasus region , in particular the restive Dagestan republic . However , U.S. officials also are worried that al Qaeda-linked groups from elsewhere could take advantage of the attention being focused on Russian militant groups . The concern about the use of toothpaste tubes is mostly focused on flights from Europe and neighboring Asian countries -- in part because the United States has less intelligence-sharing with those nations . A separate U.S. official with knowledge of the current situation , who would not speak on the record because of the sensitivity of the situation , said the U.S. intelligence community is still assessing the credibility and scope of the threat . The official said the Russians brought some information to the United States . Two senior administration officials told CNN that U.S. authorities had intelligence that they shared with the Russians . Assessing the credibility includes looking at the latest intelligence about the location and capabilities of known terrorist bomb makers and which groups may have the ability to build a bomb in a container such as a toothpaste tube . Such a device would likely require hard-to-detect explosives and little or no metal content in other critical parts , such as the detonator . Observers ask : Is Sochi ready ? No known threat to the United States Earlier Wednesday , a different law enforcement source emphasized there was no known threat to the United States , but the notice to U.S. and international air carriers is based on new intelligence information . "  It 's real . It 's real and we got very good information , " a government source , who did not want to speak for full attribution , told CNN . "  It 's based on a credible source . We 're taking it seriously . So are other countries . ... " Homeland Security said that "  out of an abundance of caution " it routinely shares "  relevant information " with domestic and international entities , "  including those associated with international events " like the Sochi Olympics . A large majority of direct flights into Russia will come from Europe or neighboring Asian countries . Only a few will originate in the United States . Russian transportation officials have banned liquids in airline carry-on luggage ahead of the games , according to a report from the Russian news agency RIA Novosti . A former airline security chief anticipated that the threat will prompt authorities in the United States and Europe to clamp down on toothpaste and cosmetics . "  My prediction is that they will give a direct order that they 'll be removing toothpaste from passengers ' hand-carried items " and possibly from checked luggage as well , said Glen Winn , a former security director at United and Continental airlines . CNN poll : 57 % of Americans think terror attack likely at Sochi Games How far-reaching is ` ring of steel ' ? Homeland Security and Transportation Security Administration officials declined to say what , if any , security actions they are contemplating in light of the threat . Rep. Peter King , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee 's subcommittee on terrorism and Intelligence , said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " that Americans , the airlines and those at the Olympics should take the threat "  very seriously . " King , a New York Republican , said he believes the athletes and American spectators are "  reasonably safe , " but noted that he would not go himself . "  Just as a spectator , I do n't think it 's worth the risk . I mean , odds are nothing is going to happen , but the odds are higher than for any other Olympics , I believe , that something could happen , " he said . King said he has some confidence in how the Russians are handling security , but "  really not enough because they are not sharing enough intelligence " about what 's happening inside the country . "  We are getting some information about what 's happening outside of Russia , some external threats , that type thing , or potential threats . I do n't want to overstate that , " he said . He noted a "  ring of steel right around the Olympics itself " but said "  there 's a real cause for concern " about getting to Sochi and surrounding areas . ` Anybody who wants to go ... should go ' The Obama administration has not indicated it is not safe to travel to the Olympics . Secretary of State John Kerry , in an exclusive interview with CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " before the toothpaste alert broke , said that "  anybody who wants to go to the Olympics , which are just a great event , should go . And we 're not telling people not to go . " Kerry added that people should be alert and take precautions , advice he says has been requisite since the 9/11 attacks . "  We 've got a new consciousness about this , " he said . A senior administration official said it would make any information public through the State Department should it receive information that "  changes our assessment of whether people should travel to Sochi . " Matthew Olsen , a top U.S. counterterrorism official , highlighted concern in testimony to Congress on Tuesday about whether Muslim fundamentalists in disputed regions of Russia -- or other groups -- could launch attacks on selected targets . "  There are a number of specific threats of varying degrees of credibility that we 're tracking , " he said . "  And we 're working very closely with the Russians and with other partners to monitor any threats we see and to disrupt those . " CNN has learned this threat is the one Olsen was referring to in his testimony . Terrorism experts say that airlines continue to be a target of terrorists wishing to make a spectacular impact with an attack . The focus since 2001 has shifted from hijackings to bombs , especially those that might be hidden in luggage . U.S. authorities are also mindful of creative packaging or other novel ways to conceal explosives . For instance , a failed attempt to blow up an overseas flight heading to Detroit on Christmas Day in 2009 involved a bomb concealed in a passenger 's underwear . Shortly after 9/11 a man was convicted of trying to blow up a transatlantic flight with explosives hidden in his shoes . Russians say authorities rounding up , poisoning stray dogs before Olympics	Two U.S. officials tell CNN that information was shared with the Russians Source says threat is specific to start of the Olympics this week Official tells CNN that Russians shared some information with U.S. Warning to airlines globally that serve Russia based on new intelligence
CNN  -- In the heart of Northern California 's wine country , piles of stemware lay shattered on the ground . Building facades in historic downtown Napa crumbled into the streets . And residents who enjoyed decades of calm received a harsh reminder that intense quakes can strike anytime . "  I was in shock to see people 's homes and offices on the floor , " Napa resident Elise Martinez said . "  This is life-changing . " But even as the Bay Area tries to clean up from its strongest earthquake in 25 years , the tremor could have been much worse . No one was killed in the 6.0-magnitude earthquake that jostled residents awake early Sunday . The Queen of the Valley Medical Center said it has treated "  approximately 208 " patients since the earthquake struck . Of those , 17 were admitted to the hospital , and one is still in critical condition . The majority of patients sustained injuries that were not life-threatening . But the hospital has not seen any patients related to the earthquake since 11 p.m. PT Sunday . Although 70,000 customers lost power after the quake , power was restored for all customers Monday afternoon , according Pacific Gas and Electric . ` We need more help ' Still , the recovery will be daunting . "  Everything and everyone in Napa was affected by the quake , " said CNN iReporter Malissa Koven . "  My house , along with everybody else 's , is a disaster . It looks like somebody broke in and ravaged the place , room by room . " Napa City Manager Mike Parness said the damage is beyond what the city can handle . "  We have exhausted our local resources , " he said . "  We need more help from the outside . " California Gov. Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency . The earthquake triggered six major fires that destroyed several mobile homes , Napa Division Fire Chief John Callanan said . Safety measures are still in effect for dozens of buildings across the city . Upwards of 200 commercial and noncommercial structures have been marked by yellow tags , meaning "  property owners can go into the building to clean up but have been advised not to occupy until further notice , " said Rick Tooker , Napa community development director at a news conference Monday evening . "  Seventy commercial and noncommercial structures have been red-tagged and can not be occupied , " added Tooker . And it could take up to a week to get the water system back to normal after dozens of reported water-main breaks , Napa Public Works Director Jack Rochelle said . But he said running water is safe to drink . More aftershocks expected About 50 to 60 aftershocks rattled the area in the hours after the quake , said John Parrish , chief of the California Geological Survey . The strongest had a magnitude of 3.6 . "  We do think the aftershocks will continue for several weeks , " Parrish said . The quake was the strongest to hit the Bay Area since 1989 , when a 6.9-magnitude temblor struck during the World Series . The Loma Prieta earthquake caused 63 deaths , 3,757 injuries and an estimated $ 6 billion in property damage , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The damage from Sunday 's earthquake was relatively minor compared with the buckled highways and destroyed homes 25 years ago . But some said Sunday 's quake seemed more intense . "  Honestly , it felt much worse than the '89 earthquake , " CNN iReporter Garret Gauer said . "  The refrigerator relocated itself to the other side of the kitchen . " One child hurt when a fireplace collapsed was airlifted to UC Davis Medical Center , hospital spokeswoman Vanessa deGier said . Nearly 160 people were treated for minor injuries at the emergency room at Queen of the Valley Hospital , though hospital CEO Walt Mickens could not confirm that all of those patients were injured in the earthquake . How did it feel ? Sunday 's earthquake was centered 6 miles southwest of Napa and 9 miles southeast of Sonoma , according to the USGS . The U.S. Geological Survey estimated based on their locations that 15,000 people experienced severe shaking , and 106,000 people felt very strong shaking . The quake struck about 7 miles deep and was considered "  strong " by the Geological Survey . Major quakes start at a 7.0 magnitude , according to the agency 's scale . The economic loss will probably top $ 1 billion , according to USGS data . At Silver Oak Winery , owner David Duncan tried to clean up hundreds of broken wine bottles that tumbled off the shelves . "  Those bottles were very unique , " he said . They were part of his private collection and worth hundreds of dollars . California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom stressed that it 's not just the wine country that needs help . "  There 's a mythology about Napa , that it 's all fancy wineries , " Newsom said . "  But underneath that there are a lot of folks here -- very low income -- that are going to need support . " Follow the story in a CNN Storify . Did you feel it ? Weigh in at Facebook , Twitter or CNN iReport . CNN 's Dan Simon , Susanna Capelouto , Josh Levs , Melanie Whitley , Dave Alsup , Scott Thompson and Carma Hassan contributed to this story	"  Approximately 208 " patients have been treated since the earthquake struck "  We have exhausted our local resources , " Napa 's city manager says California Gov. Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency
In 2010 , Americans were prescribed 258 million courses of antibiotics , a rate of 833 per thousand people . Such massive usage , billions of doses , has been going on year after year . We have few clues about the consequences of our cumulative exposures . We do know that widespread antibiotic treatments make us more susceptible to invaders by selecting for resistant bacteria . These risks are now well-known , but I want to lay out a new concern : that antibiotic use over the years has been depleting the pool of our friendly bacteria -- in each of us -- and this is lowering our resistance to infections . In today 's hyperconnected globe , that means that we are at high risk of future plagues that could spread without natural boundaries from person to person and that we could not stop . I call this "  antibiotic winter . " To explain : In the early 1950 's , scientists conducted experiments to determine whether our resident microbes -- the huge number of bacteria that live in and on our bodies , now called our "  microbiome " -- help in fending off invading bacteria . They fed mice a species of a typical invader , disease-causing salmonella . It took about 100,000 organisms to infect half of the normal mice . But when they first gave mice an antibiotic , which kills both good and bad bacteria , and then several days later gave them salmonella , it took only three organisms to infect them . This is n't a 10 or 20 % difference ; it 's a 30,000-fold difference . That was in mice , but what about humans ? In 1985 , Chicago faced a massive outbreak of salmonella . At least 160,000 people became ill and several died from drinking contaminated milk . The health department asked victims of the outbreak and unaffected persons , "  Have you received antibiotics in the month prior to becoming ill ? " People who said yes were five times more likely to become ill than those who drank the milk but had n't recently received antibiotics . People carry a small number of highly abundant bacterial species and a large number of much less common ones . For example , you may carry trillions of Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron in your colon and only a thousand cells , or fewer , belonging to many other species . We are not sure how many rare species any of us has . If you had only 50 cells of a particular type , it would be difficult to detect them against the background of trillions of others . When you take a broad-spectrum antibiotic , which is the kind most commonly prescribed , it may be that rare microbes occasionally get wiped out entirely . And once the population hits zero , there is no bouncing back . For your body , that species is now extinct . My worry is that some of these critical residential organisms -- what I consider "  contingency " species -- may disappear altogether . Why might it matter ? Those puny species may not be so inconsequential . Microbes multiply . Any small population of , say , 50 cells can explode into a billion or more in one week . The trigger for their massive bloom could be a food you 've eaten for the first time , which only they have the enzymes to digest . In the presence of this food , the rare microbe goes into overdrive , doubling every 12 or 20 minutes , multiplying by a million percent or more . This could be good for you because some of the energy captured by these digesting microbes might end up in your bloodstream . When food is in short supply , as has been the case for most of human existence , and people need to eat unfamiliar plants or animals , it is useful to have a repertoire of enzymes that help us process a wide variety of nutrients . The genes of our flexible partners , our resident microbes , provide those enzymes . Now consider the consequences if one of your rare microbes -- an ancient one that has been dwelling in Homo sapiens for 200,000 years -- went extinct . One possibility is that it does n't matter . Perhaps that microbe was a marginal player -- good riddance . Another possibility : It 's a "  contingency " organism , useful -- crucial -- when we need it for protection . When a new influenza epidemic arose in Mexico in 2009 , people in California and Texas soon fell ill , and then flu appeared in New York a few days later . After a few weeks , this flu spread throughout the world . Considering the numbers of people infected , we were lucky that it was not a highly lethal strain . Yet thousands of people all over the world did die . Even when a strain is not that virulent , when hundreds of millions of people are infected , deaths add up . And when the strain is worse , the deaths climb into the millions . Our world has gotten smaller . We have much greater global access to one another -- at the very moment in our history when our ancient microbial defenses are degrading . This makes us vulnerable to microbial invaders and provides fuel for disease conflagrations , with consequences scarcely imaginable . Plagues are inevitable wherever people congregate . With a global population of 7 billion , rising by 80 million annually , the question is not whether another big plague will come , but when it will happen , what will cause it , and who will be affected . In 1918-19 , influenza killed tens of millions , in an era without airplanes and with much less mass transit to spread it . With a huge world population that is essentially contiguous , and with so many people with weakened defenses , we are vulnerable as never before . I see many parallels between our changing climate and our changing microbiome . The modern epidemics -- asthma and allergic disorders , obesity , and metabolic disorders -- are not only diseases , they are external signs of change within . But they also indicate a deeper imbalance , the loss of our reserves . Our diverse microbes , with their millions of genes helping us resist disease , are the guerrilla warriors defending the home domain -- as long as we protect them . But recent studies suggest that otherwise normal people already have lost 15 % to 40 % of their microbial diversity and the genes that accompany it . This is the greatest danger before us -- invaders causing an epidemic against which we are helpless . Unless we change our ways , we do indeed face an "  antibiotic winter . " We must end the assault on our microbes , by cutting antibiotic use and also such elective practices as unnecessary cesarean sections that bypass the natural order of mothers passing on their bacteria to their babies . There are times when both of these are needed urgently , but we already know that we are overusing them . Technology already provides important tools to improve doctors ' judgments about when antibiotics are needed , but we must get them into the clinic . We also must develop new tools , like "  narrow-spectrum " antibiotics that target only the invader and minimize collateral effects . We must understand that every antibiotic course has a biological cost , and more precisely align possible benefit with the full costs . I predict that in the future we will routinely be giving children back their lost microbes , in early life to restore their patrimony and after the antibiotic courses that are truly necessary . Just as we have abused marvelous inventions like freon and the internal combustion engine , so too we have abused our "  wonder drugs . " But the possible costs of these practices are our worst nightmare ; we need to prepare , starting now .	Martin Blaser : Overprescription of antibiotics put Americans at risk for disease He says we wipe out good , protective germs , bringing danger of "  antibiotic winter " With lower resistance , plague inevitable in interconnected world , he says Blaser : Targeted antibiotics , less interference in natural process are key to cutting vulnerability
Washington  CNN  -- The president 's top counterterrorism adviser says there is indisputable evidence that dozens of terrorist groups have sought weapons of mass destruction . But a U.S. intelligence official who is not authorized to speak for attribution said although al Qaeda clearly wants a nuclear weapons capability , it has n't gotten very far . "  At this point , they do n't appear to have made much progress , but we continue to review every bit of information that comes in to determine whether they 've advanced their efforts in any way whatsoever , " said the official . "  Developing a nuclear device involves a highly sophisticated technical process , and al Qaeda does n't seem to have mastered it based on what we know now . " The concern that terrorists will get hold of nuclear material and use it in an attack is a far greater threat than the older concern of global nuclear war , according to the president 's Nuclear Posture Review . At a briefing kicking off President Obama 's nuclear security summit on Monday , presidential adviser John Brennan said al Qaeda in particular has been actively trying to acquire a nuclear weapon for the past 15 years . "  Al Qaeda is especially notable for its longstanding interest in weapons -LSB- of -RSB- useable nuclear material and the requisite expertise that would allow it to develop a yield-producing improvised nuclear device , " said Brennan . With a nuclear capability , al Qaeda would be able to achieve what Brennan called its sole objective . "  They would have the ability not only to threaten our security and world order in an unprecedented manner , but also to kill and injure many thousands of innocent men , women and children , " he said . Officials are concerned not only about the possibility that terrorists could get full-fledged nuclear weapons , but also about the threat that radioactive material could be spread by simpler devices . CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen wrote in 2008 that "  there is plenty of evidence that -LSB- al Qaeda -RSB- has experimented with crude chemical and biological weapons , and also attempted to acquire radioactive materials suitable for a ` dirty ' bomb , a device that marries conventional explosives to radioactive materials . " Organized crime and criminal gangs are well aware of the terrorist group 's interest in acquiring bomb-making materials , which has led criminals to pursue getting those items for their own profit , according to Brennan . When pressed by reporters about whether there was specific intelligence indicating an active threat now , Brennan would only say , "  I think you can point to a lot of al Qaeda activities and public statements that underscore their determination to carry out attacks against the U.S. and Western interests . " Nuclear weapons expert David Albright said it is unclear what terrorists are up to and when they might act . "  All the evidence supports that al Qaeda is looking to try to gather the capabilities to make a nuclear weapon . It 's not easy to do . But they 're learning , " he told CNN on Tuesday . "  They 're doing the things that one would need to do to get nuclear weapons -- get help from those who know , start looking around for loose nukes ... look into black markets , can you buy it ? That 's why this summit is so important . We do need to secure the nuclear explosive materials much better . And it has to be done internationally . " A new report released on Monday indicates there have been 18 documented cases of theft or loss of the two key ingredients of a nuclear weapon . "  Securing the Bomb 2010 , " a report from the Nuclear Threat Initiative , cites two incidents in particular . In November 2007 , a group of armed men attacked a nuclear facility in South Africa that contained hundreds of kilograms of highly enriched uranium . The men were stopped , but they escaped capture . And in February 2006 , a Russian man was arrested in the country of Georgia with nearly 80 grams of highly enriched uranium . There was some evidence suggesting the uranium came from a Russian nuclear fuel plant . The author of a book called "  Peddling Peril , " Albright also worries about whether Pakistan 's nuclear stockpile is secure , despite assurances from both the United States and Pakistan that it is . Pakistan "  has had many leaks from its program of classified information and sensitive nuclear equipment , and so you have to worry that it could be acquired in Pakistan , " Albright said . However the U.S. intelligence official said there is no indication that terrorists have gotten anything from Pakistan , and added there is confidence right now in Pakistan 's security apparatus . The Pakistanis store their nuclear stockpile in a way that makes it difficult to put the pieces together ; that is , components are located in different places . The official said Pakistan has put the appropriate safeguards in place .	Terrorists getting nuclear material bigger concern than threat of nuclear war Al Qaeda has been trying to get a nuclear weapon for 15 years , official says Organized crime , criminal gangs also trying to get bomb-making materials
EW.com  -- Fresh from taping the first season of FX 's "  Anger Management , " Brett Butler has already lined up a new gig : She 's going to guest star on a CBS soap ! EW has learned exclusively that Butler , the former star of the ABC comedy "  Grace Under Fire , " will play Beth the neighbor in an upcoming episode of "  The Young and the Restless . " Butler was scheduled to tape scenes with Paul Williams  Doug Davidson  yesterday and today at the CBS Studios in Los Angeles . Her episodes will air on June 12 and 14 . Butler wrapped production May 1 on "  Anger Management , " a new comedy in the works at FX that stars Charlie Sheen . Butler plays Brett , a friend to Charlie  Sheen  who is a bartender at his favorite watering hole , The Merry Peasant . Here 's the official description of her character : "  Brett dropped out of school and spent years as a stripper before becoming a bartender , and now loves to joke around with Charlie as he brings his family , dates , even his patients to the bar . " Anger Management will air on Thursday nights starting June 28 . The show will be part of the cable network 's new comedy block . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Brett Butler will a neighbor in an upcoming episode of "  The Young and the Restless " Butler is the former star of the ABC comedy "  Grace Under Fire " She wrapped production May 1 on "  Anger Management "
CNN  -- Oracle Team USA safely negotiated the choppy waters of sporting comebacks to pull off a memorable victory against New Zealand to defend the America 's Cup . The crew , backed by billionaire Larry Ellison , had looked sunk as they trailed 8-1 in the best-of-17-races elite sailing series . Down but not out , Team USA continued to develop their boat with the help of their land crew and made another key decision when Britain 's Olympic champion sailor Ben Ainslie replaced John Kostecki as key tactician at 4-1 down . But are technical updates and staff changes what true sporting comebacks are made of ? In the gallery above , CNN World Sport examines the ingredients of some of sport 's most tantalizing turnarounds -- from teamwork to the indomitable spirit of a single human soul . Let us know your favorite sporting comeback in the comments box below or join the conversation on World Sport 's Facebook page .	Oracle Team USA fight back from an 8-1 deficit to defend sailing 's America 's Cup The team modified its boat and juggling its 11-man crew on the way to victory Team USA 's win over New Zealand has been described as one of sport 's greatest comebacks But does it have all the ingredients of an all-time sporting comeback ?
CNN  -- Jury selection was under way for a second day Tuesday in the trial of a man accused in the rape and beating death of an Arkansas television anchor a year ago . Curtis Lavelle Vance , 29 , would face the death penalty if convicted of charges including capital murder , rape , residential burglary and theft in the October 2008 death of Anne Pressly , 26 . He has pleaded not guilty . Pressly , the morning news anchor for Little Rock , Arkansas , television station and CNN affiliate KATV , was found badly beaten and unconscious in her home and died five days later . Vance was linked to the killing through DNA , and police told CNN last year they are "  110 percent " sure he killed Pressly . Vance has given several statements to police , including one saying he was at her home and another admitting to her slaying . Defense attorney Steve Morley told CNN affiliate WREG that such evidence presents an obstacle for them to overcome , but he said he hopes an emotional closing argument will persuade jurors to spare Vance 's life . "  Literally , you can affect an individual , and by affecting that individual you affect the outcome , " Morley told the station . Pressly 's mother , Patti Cannady , told NBC last year her daughter fought for her life -- so much so that her left hand was broken . "  I found my daughter beyond recognition with every bone in her face broken , her nose broken , her jaw pulverized so badly that the bone had come out of it ; I actually thought that her throat has possibly been cut , " Cannady said . "  Her entire skull had numerous fractures from which she suffered a massive stroke . " DNA evidence has also tied Vance to a rape in April 2008 in Marianna , Arkansas , about 90 miles east of Little Rock , police said in December . Police have said they found no previous link between Vance and Pressly and do not believe her being on television played a role in the slaying . "  I think he saw her someplace , probably followed her home with the intention of robbing her , " Lt. Terry Hastings , spokesman for Little Rock police , told CNN in December . "  And then went from there . " Pressly 's purse was taken , police have said . Parties in the case are hoping to finish jury selection Tuesday , according to the Pulaski County Circuit Court clerk 's office .	Man accused in rape , beating death of Anne Pressly , 26 , a year ago Curtis Lavelle Vance , 29 , has pleaded not guilty , would face death penalty if convicted Vance was linked to killing through DNA , has given conflicting statements to police Parties in the case hope to finish jury selection Tuesday , county circuit court clerk 's office says
CNN  -- It turns out that the military regime in Myanmar is soccer-crazy and even pondered buying world-famous club Manchester United , according to a U.S. diplomatic cable obtained by WikiLeaks and published by the Guardian newspaper in Britain . The suggestion to buy United apparently came from the grandson of Than Shwe -- the highest-ranking figure in Myanmar 's junta . "  One well-connected source reports that the grandson wanted Than Shwe to offer $ 1 billion for Manchester United " says the cable , which was written in June 2009 . Turns out Than Shwe is a United fan . Myanmar was at the time recovering from the effects of a devastating typhoon , and Than Shwe decided not to press the idea . The cost of buying the club would have been similar to U.N. estimates of the funds needed to recover from the typhoon . "  The Senior General thought that sort of expenditure could look bad , so he opted to create for Burma a league of its own , " the cable said .  Myanmar is also known as Burma , especially in the West . And so was created the Myanmar National Football League . Owners were chosen for the eight professional teams and told to pay players ' salaries and build stadia . The cable says one team spends $ 155,000 a month on players ' wages and that several players from Africa and Argentina were recruited to the league . The embassy 's contact was asked why owners would spend so much money in building teams . "  When the Senior General asks someone to do something , you do it with no complaints , " he said , according to the cable . He added that several owners would receive incentives from the regime , such as construction contracts , new gem and jade mines , and import permits . The same cable says it "  has been a huge success , with high attendance and wide national TV and radio coverage . " The embassy 's contacts said the creation of the football league "  may be a way for the regime to distract the people from ongoing political and economic problems . " As for Than Shwe 's grandson , his dream of sitting in the directors ' box at Old Trafford , the stadium where Manchester United plays , may have been dashed . But in an astute political move , a business tycoon named Zaw Zaw made an important signing for his club , Delta United . "  Contacts confirm that Zaw Zaw hired Senior General Than Shwe 's grandson to play on the team , " reads a separate cable .	General 's grandson suggested he buy Manchester United , cable says General , who is a soccer fan , thought $ 1 billion purchase would look bad He created a soccer league in Myanmar
Boston  CNN  -- Convicted Boston gangster James "  Whitey " Bulger displayed no emotion Wednesday as he heard one final time from the wives , brothers , sisters , sons and daughters of the people he killed , and those of others who were shot , stabbed or strangled by accomplices in the treacherous Winter Hill Gang . Bulger , 84 , who faces life in prison at his sentencing Thursday morning , declined to address the court or the families . He did not make eye contact with them . During a final chapter in the life of a mobster whose rise and fall were as convoluted as any Hollywood script , the families of his victims described Bulger variously as a coward , a rat and even Satan in the emotional first day of his sentencing hearing . Steve Davis , fighting back tears and gasping for breath , struggled to address the court . His wife stepped up to help him utter the words that he said he had been holding inside for three decades . The judge asked him to take his time . "  This man has built up so much hate in my heart , I 'd like to strangle him myself , " said Davis , whose sister Debra was allegedly strangled by Bulger , her remains exhumed from a shallow grave . Debra Davis was the girlfriend of Bulger 's partner , Steve "  The Rifleman " Flemmi , who testified that Bulger killed her . The jury did not convict Bulger of the slaying . "  This son of b -- should look every one of his victims in the eye when they speak , " he said . "  You piece of s -- , look at me ! " Bulger looked up at the front of the courtroom , raising his hand from a pad he scribbled on and began to turn slowly . He shot a brief glance at the podium but then turned to look at the judge . Davis , weeping , did not notice . Bulger was convicted of racketeering , extortion and money-laundering in August after a rancorous two-month trial , with a federal jury linking him to 11 killings . Federal prosecutors urged District Judge Denise Casper to hand down a life sentence for the longtime fugitive , calling him one of the city 's "  most violent and despicable criminals . " On Wednesday , Casper ruled -- despite the objections of Bulger 's attorneys -- that the families of all 19 people killed by him or his associates would deliver victim impact statements . Asked by the judge at one point whether he has anything to say , Bulger -- in an orange jumpsuit and sneakers -- said no . Casper said she would hear all the victims and determine later which statements were relevant to the sentencing . Mostly , it was a day for the victims -- a procession of human suffering chronicling some of the darkest years of the city 's history . Patricia Donahue recounted the life of her husband , Michael , a World War II vet and Boston cop . He was an innocent bystander shot by Bulger . She was shaky and teary but regained her composure when talking about her husband . "  He was always happy , " she said . "  It drove me crazy . " At Bulger 's trial , Donahue and her three sons often sat in the front row . When Bulger said he would not take the stand , Donahue yelled , "  coward ! " -- a word that was repeated by some at Wednesday 's sentencing . She said of her late husband : "  He would cook a prime rib so well done you did n't know what you were eating ... Michael was kind and thoughtful . He 'd send me long-stem roses for birthdays and anniversaries . He 'd also send them when he was in the dog house . " Bulger : The 25-million-dollar man ? Bill O'Brien said he was born four days after his father , William O'Brien , was gunned down in a drive-by shooting on Boston 's Morrissey Boulevard . His mother could not attend the funeral . According to trial testimony , Bulger was in one of the cars in the drive-by shooting . "  Every time I drive that boulevard I think of the horror that man went through , " he said . "  Every time I pass the spot he was killed , I bless myself twice , seal it with a kiss and look up to him . One for him , one for me . " Sean McGonagle , the 49-year-old son of Paul McGonagle , who was killed in 1974 , called the architect of the long reign of terror on the streets of Boston "  Satan . " The electric chair , he said , would be too good for him . "  In '75 you stooped to an all-time low when you called my house and said , ` Your father is not coming home for Christmas , ' " McGonagle said . He recalled that when he asked the caller who was on the phone , Bulger responded : "  This is Santa Claus . " "  My father was no Boy Scout , " he said , "  but he was a better man than you will ever be . " Theresa Bond , the daughter of Arthur "  Bucky " Barrett , who went missing in 1983 after a dispute with Bulger , politely asked , "  Mr. Bulger , could you please look at me ? " He never looked up . "  I just want you to know that I do n't hate you , " she said . "  I do hate the choices you made . ... I hate the choices our government has made that allowed you to rule streets . " Bond added , "  Hours before  my father  was murdered , he was praying , from what I understood , to a picture of a little girl . ... That was me . ... You will be summoned to the highest judge . A lethal injection would be too easy of a punishment . " She addressed him one more time . "  Mr. Bulger , do you have remorse for taking my father 's life ? " The convicted killer did not look up . "  I think you do , " she said . "  I forgive you . " In a November 7 sentencing memorandum , U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz wrote : "  Presiding over a massive criminal enterprise , Bulger extorted dozens of individuals , flooded South Boston with cocaine , shot innocent people , strangled women , murdered his competitors , corrupted FBI agents , and then ran away and hid for 16 years . " She added , "  There are no mitigating factors , and defendant Bulger has no redeeming qualities which would justify any sentence below the one called for by the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the applicable case law and statutes . " Prosecutor : Whitey Bulger ` deserves no mercy , ' should get life sentence Bulger did n't testify at his trial , complaining the proceedings were "  a sham . " Bulger was captured in California in 2011 , a decade and a half after skipping town ahead of a pending indictment . After he fled , investigators learned that the longtime head of South Boston 's Winter Hill Gang had been an FBI informant and that Bulger 's FBI handler had not only tipped him off to the charges , but also gave up another informant , who was later killed . Meanwhile , Bulger 's brother William had risen from the family 's blue-collar Irish neighborhood to become president of the state Senate and head of the University of Massachusetts . But in 2003 , he was forced to resign the school 's presidency after admitting to a congressional committee that he had spoken to his brother while Whitey was on the run , though he denied any knowledge of his whereabouts or alleged criminal activity . Whitey Bulger denied being an informant , even as he insisted that he 'd had an immunity deal with the former head of the Justice Department 's Organized Crime Strike Force in New England . Prosecutors countered that with a 700-page file outlining how Bulger provided information on murders , drug deals , armed robberies and criminal fugitives that led to several arrests . The tale became the basis for the Oscar-winning film "  The Departed , " which starred Jack Nicholson as a character modeled on Bulger . At the trial , Bulger snarled , hissed and scowled at prosecutors and witnesses . At one point , he and onetime enforcer Kevin Weeks shouted obscenities at each other when Weeks called Bulger a "  rat " during his testimony . But Weeks told CNN after the verdict that the Bulger who sat at the defense table was a shadow of the underworld legend he 'd once known . "  He was n't the same guy I knew , " Weeks said . "  I mean , he 's a lot older , but he had no life in his eyes . He was subdued . He had changed . He just kind of lost his spark . " Their lives had one thing in common : ` Whitey ' Bulger CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia reported from Boston , while Ray Sanchez reported and wrote in New York . CNN 's Matt Smith , Greg Botelho and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	Families of victims speak to Bulger with anger , emotion , forgiveness Bulger declines to speak and refuses to look at victims as they address him Feds seek life for convicted Boston mobster James "  Whitey " Bulger He was convicted of racketeering in August after 16 years on the run
CNN  -- In Focus : Turkey Syria Tensions Booming growth figures between Syria and Turkey are a thing of the past . Trade has come to a virtual standstill . What 's more , the Syrian crisis is forcing Turkish exporters to establish alternative routes to the Gulf . Ivan Watson looks at how Turkey is doing its best to bypass the violence in Syria . Water Security The Middle East may sit on nearly half of the world 's proven oil reserves but it is lacking in the world 's most important resource -- water . Kim Kelita looks at water security in the region . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursday : 1545 , Friday : 0845 , Saturday : 0615 Sunday : 0515 , 1545	The Syrian crisis is forcing Turkish exporters to establish alternative routes to the gulf CNN 's Ivan Watson looks at how Turkey is doing its best to bypass the violence in Syria MME looks at water security in a region that lacks the world 's most important resource
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Rafael Nadal 's shock French Open exit at the hands of a player ranked outside the top 20 is already attracting suggestions that it may be the biggest upset in tennis history . Rafael Nadal faces media after his shock loss to Sweden 's Robin Soderling at the French Open on Sunday Nadal , the world number one had never lost a game at Roland Garros , winning the previous four titles in a row . However , Sweden 's Robin Soderling proved too good for the "  King of Clay , " beating him 6-2 6-7 6-4 7-6 . The official French Open Web site called it "  one of the greatest upsets in Grand Slam history , " while other news outlets have rushed to praise the Swede for the "  game of his life . " The result leaves the men 's draw at the French Open tournament wide open -- with Roger Federer and Andy Murray now the highest-ranked players remaining . Undoubtedly a massive upset , Nadal 's loss also raises the question of what have been the biggest men 's Grand Slam upsets in tennis history . Is this is the biggest ? Below , in no particular order , are ten of the most shocking.What do you think the biggest upset in recent tennis history is ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . 1 . Robin Soderling beats Rafael Nadal , French Open 2009 Spain 's clay master was unbeaten at Roland Garros and looking for his fifth title in a row when he was shocked by the 23rd seed Swedish player . Soderling was too good for Nadal , and deserved the win . 2 . Michael Chang beats Lendl and Edberg , French Open 1989 American Michael Chang etched his name in history by winning the 1989 French Open aged just 17 years and three months . He beat legends Ivan Lendl and Stefan Edberg  in an epic five set final  to win the event and he is still the youngest winner of a Grand Slam . 3 . George Bastl beats Pete Sampras , Wimbledon 2002 Swiss player Bastl was ranked 145 in the world when he took on the seven-time champion of Wimbledon , Pete Sampras . Bastl , who only got into the tournament as a lucky loser after failing to qualify , beat the American in five sets . 4 . Mark Edmondson wins the 1976 Australian Open The Australian only ever won one Grand Slam event , and he beat defending champion John Newcombe in the final to do it . The most remarkable point however , was that he was ranked 212th in the world when he did it . He remains the lowest-ranked player to win a Grand Slam title . 5 . Goran Ivanisevic wins 2001 Wimbledon Left-handed Ivanisevic had lost the Wimbledon final three times before he finally won it in 2001 . The eventual victory was a near-miracle , as he had only entered the tournament as a wild card . Ranked outside the top 100 at the time , he became the lowest-ranked player and only wild card to win Wimbledon . 6 . Mats Wilander wins the 1982 French Open The young Swede shocked the tennis world when at 17 years of age he beat the second , third , fourth and fifth seeds at Roland Garros to win the tournament . He was unseeded for the event . 7 . Richard Krajicek beats Pete Sampras , Wimbledon 1996 Krajicek surprised everyone when he became the first Dutchman to win Wimbledon in 1996 , but the biggest upset had come when he defeated Pete Sampras in the quarter-final . His win was Sampras ' only loss at the grass tournament between 1993 and 2001 . 8 . Gustavo Kuerten wins the 1997 French Open It 's no surprise that "  Guga " was a Roland Garros favorite . When he won the 1997 tournament he was ranked 66th in the world and he beat three former champions along the way . He remains the third-lowest ranked Grand Slam champion . 9 . Lleyton Hewitt beats Andre Agassi while ranked # 550 The Australian went on to win his first ATP tour title after beating Agassi in the semi-final of the Adelaide International . The win over former world number one Agassi was remarkable given that he was ranked at 550th and only 16 years old . 10 . Vladimir Voltchkov makes 2000 Wimbledon semi-final The Belarussian was ranked 237 when he managed to make it through to the semi-finals of Wimbledon -- becoming the lowest-ranked player to ever make the last four at the London tournament .	"  King of Clay " Rafael Nadal records his first loss at the French Open Nadal 's win widely reported as one of the biggest upsets in Grand Slam tennis Debate : Tell us what match is your biggest tennis upset of all time
CNN  -- Eight years after troops in Afghanistan were outfitted with new uniforms , the Army is shopping for a different camouflage for its fatigues and equipment . The move to a different uniform comes after soldiers , many of them redeploying to Afghanistan , began voicing their criticism in the summer of 2009 of the "  universal " camouflage pattern , introduced in 2004 and meant to be used in all types of battle environments . "  They were saying that they did n't think the color selection was very effective for the terrain in Afghanistan , " says Col. Bill Cole , the project manager for Soldier Protection and Individual Equipment . "  Afghanistan 's a really diverse country in geographical terms . There are lots of sandy desert areas , but it also has mountainous areas that you would see up in the Alps . It has green irrigated fields that look like Iowa in the summer . It 's a very diverse environment and soldiers would often traverse these different areas in one patrol . " The one-size-fits-all approach of the universal pattern was n't working . Cole says the Army probably knew at the time that the universal pattern would n't be perfect for every environment , but did n't realize how much of a compromise it would have to make . Out of the negative feedback came a congressional charge for the Army to find a pattern that was "  suited to the environment of Afghanistan . " Testing began in 2009 and the Army Natick Soldier Research Development and Engineering Center  NSRDEC  found that the universal pattern ranked "  in the bottom 10 " compared to the four backgrounds it was tested against . A different brand of camouflage called "  MultiCam " ranked at the top in the testing , pushing the Army to quickly outfit soldiers with the new uniform pattern . Most soldiers in Afghanistan today are wearing the MultiCam pattern , which has more green and tan hues , according to Cole . Despite the positive results of the MultiCam pattern , the Army thought it could do even better , Cole says . The Army purchase , however , is n't about the latest design in camo fashion , but rather the color coordination and specific pattern placement manufactured by advanced science . "  The direction that we got from the secretary of the Army and the chief of staff of the Army was , ` Yes , answer the congressional direction , but take a more comprehensive look at the Army camouflage need to operate anywhere in the world , ' " Cole says . This time around , the Army is looking for a family of camouflage patterns that can be used across the globe -- one for the desert , another for a wilderness/jungle environment , and a third transitional variant for "  places in the middle , " Cole says . The patterns would be similar in design but different in color palettes . One leading camouflage designer is hoping his bid to create the family of patterns will be the winning one . When most people look at a military uniform , they probably see a bit of green here , some tan there and a splash of gray to finish it off -- basically , a mixture of colors with no obvious thought to placement or shape . But that perception could n't be further from the reality of the science behind an advanced camouflage pattern . Although most detail of what goes into making a successful camouflage pattern is proprietary , Guy Cramer says he uses a mathematical equation , or fractal , to trick the eye into thinking it is seeing something else . "  The brain will pick up shapes and it basically categorizes anything it sees , " Cramer says . "  It says that 's a tree . I know what it is and ignore it . The brain does this in milliseconds . So we insert these fractal patterns into the camouflage so that the brain recognizes it and does n't think what it 's seeing is an anomaly . It basically sees the fractal as background noise . Something that belongs in the environment but does n't need any extra attention . " But camouflage as a science was n't always so evolved , having started only about 100 years ago . Even during World War I , some units began the conflict in brightly colored uniforms , making them easy targets for the enemy . "  It started as naturalistic observation , looking at zebra stripes and leopard prints in the wild and trying to figure out what their purpose was , " says Dr. Timothy O'Neill , a camouflage expert advising the Army on the technical aspects of their search . "  Very gradually over the years the focus shifted in military camouflage to how the human visual system works . " Industry bids for the Army uniform project have been submitted and will be put to the test against current Defense Department camouflage patterns such as those already used by the Marines and the Navy . Cole says that , after extensive testing , his office should be able to present Army leadership with a recommendation by September 2012 . Research is expected to cost less than $ 10 million and is covered under the existing budget , according to Cole . But he could not estimate how much developing the new uniforms would cost , saying it would depend on how quickly the new uniforms were given out .	"  Universal " pattern is not conducive to the varied terrain of Afghanistan Army officials are looking for a family of patterns that can work in any environment Bids for the project have been submitted and will be put to the test A recommendation is expected by September 2012
CNN  -- With Google Glass , a new quest to cure death and driverless cars , it can be easy to forget what Google 's primary business is : search . The largest search engine in the world is getting a few updates , the company announced on Thursday . Google tied the news to its 15th birthday and held the announcement in the original Google Garage . The overall design has been updated and borrows the "  card " look from Google Now , lumping relevant information into rectangles and carousels and placing it above any links to websites . Answers will now be "  richer " and include comparisons , filters and sorting . For example , if you ask Google to compare two foods , it will return a chart of their nutritional values . There are new results for song and music searches , and push notifications will soon come to the Google iOS app . The company is continuing to focus heavily on voice search , improving its conversational skills on the Web and in search apps . "  We believe that voice will be fundamental to building interactions with future devices that we will see , " said Amit Singhal , Google 's senior vice president of search . Devices such as smartwatches and Google Glass forgo traditional input devices in favor of voice interactions . No corporate birthday party is complete without a trip down memory lane and balloons and birthday cake , both of which were also present at the event . In September 1998 , Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin started their company in Susan Wojcicki 's home garage in Menlo Park . The space remains largely unchanged and still has the same sky blue carpet Wojcicki had installed as a perk to persuade Brin and Page to rent the space . Wojcicki , now a senior vice president at Google , kicked off the event . "  Even though a lot of thing are different at Google , the core is still the same , " she said , citing the company 's commitment to improving search , being a global company and thinking big . The original Google was indexing pages on the Internet , returning links to 10 Web pages that had a high probability of containing information that matched a query . The system was imperfect , easily flummoxed by synonyms , misspelled words and sites that gamed the system . Over the years , Google has launched various changes to the search engine to improve results . It added spell check , grasped the concept of synonyms and rolled out auto-complete . In 2007 , it moved on from just links and started including other types of relevant content such as images , news articles and maps as part of its "  universal search . " A subtle update happened in 2010 . Google Instant shaved fractions of seconds off each Google search by predicting your search terms as you type them . "  Google gives me back an hour of my life every month , " said Singhal of Google Instant . "  That 's not small , that 's huge . " More recent changes have focused on how Google understands information . The Knowledge Graph debuted in 2012 and connects search terms with real objects , places and people . Now the company is indexing information . Instead of the top 10 pages about Picasso , you will get information on the painter directly from Google at the top of your search results , including background , images of famous paintings and related artists . People who use Google might not notice one of the bigger changes . The company has updated its under-the-hood search algorithms to something called "  Hummingbird , " which will affect 90 % of searches worldwide . The changes will make a difference in how results are ranked . "  Finding relationships between concepts is a very , very hard problem . And you have to balance the meaning of what that query is looking for with what the document is saying , " said Singhal .	Google search getting voice upgrades , "  card " style update Upgrades were announced at celebration of Google 's 15th birthday The event was at a garage where the company was created
ALGIERS , Algeria  CNN  -- Rescuers are sifting through the rubble of the United Nations headquarters in Algiers hoping to find survivors after a powerful bomb ripped off the building 's facade and leveled nearby U.N. offices . Rescuers and bomb experts search for survivors in the rubble of a destroyed building . It was one of two suspected car bombs that struck Algiers within 10 minutes of each other . The death toll is unclear : the official government count is at least 26 , but hospital sources in Algiers told CNN affiliate BFM-TV that 76 people were killed in the two blasts . A statement from the United Nations said 45 people were reported killed . Algerian Interior Minister Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni blamed a militant Islamic group with ties to al Qaeda for the attacks , which also targeted a building housing Algeria 's Constitutional Council and Supreme Court . In a posting on an Islamist Web site , the group al Qaeda Islamic Maghreb claimed responsibility . CNN could not immediately corroborate that claim , but the Web site is known to carry messages , claims and videos from al Qaeda and other militant groups . In the posting , the bombers were identified as Sheikh Ibrahim Abu Othman and Abdel Rahman Abu Abdel Nasser al-Asimi . It said two trucks were filled with "  no less than 800 kg  1,763 pounds  of explosives . " The group called the operation "  another successful conquest and a second epic that the knights of faith have dictated with their blood , defending the wounded Islamic nation and in defiance to the Crusaders and their agents , the slaves of America and the sons of France . " At least 10 U.N. staffers were among those killed , according to U.N. spokeswoman Marie Okabe . The offices of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees -- located across the street from the U.N. headquarters -- were leveled by a blast that struck about 9:30 a.m.  3:30 a.m. ET  Tuesday . "  Our offices are basically destroyed now , nothing works , " UNHCR spokesman Ron Redmond said from its Geneva headquarters . Watch his full interview He said rescuers are working into the night trying to get to the trapped U.N. workers . "  It 's a very serious situation still with the U.N. in Algiers , " he said . In a strongly worded statement , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned what he called "  an abjectly cowardly strike against civilian officials serving humanity 's highest ideals under the U.N. banner . " "  The perpetrators of these crimes will not escape the strongest possible condemnation -- and ultimate punishment -- by Algerian authorities and the international community , " Ban said in the written statement . He said he has sent senior advisers and other top U.N. officials to head to Algiers to assist in the investigation and rescue effort . Most of those killed in the coordinated attacks were victims of the first suspected car bombing near the Constitutional Council -- which oversees elections -- and Supreme Court in the Algiers neighborhood of Ben Aknoun , according to the state-run Algeria Press Agency . That blast struck a bus outside the targeted building , killing many of those on board , the news agency reported . One man said he heard the first blast then the second exploded in front of him . "  I saw the trees falling and the glass shattering in front of me . I had to run away from the car , " he said . Zerhouni said the attack was the work of the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat  GSPC  , the same group that took responsibility for an attack in April in downtown Algiers that killed 33 people . That group also uses the name al Qaeda Islamic Maghreb after merging with al Qaeda earlier this year . It abandoned small-scale attacks in favor of headline-grabbing blasts after it joined with al Qaeda . CNN International Security Correspondent Paula Newton said the merger combined the expertise of Algerian guerrillas with the operational ability of al Qaeda in North Africa , enabling the group to penetrate the usually extensive security in high-profile areas of Algiers . She said the group 's goal is to destabilize countries like Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia , which it sees as enemies of the Islamic state . Zerhouni said police interrogations of GSPC members arrested in the wake of the April attack revealed that Algeria 's Constitutional Council and Supreme Court were on a list of GSPC targets . Algeria , which has a population of 33 million , is still recovering from more than a decade of violence that began after the military government called a halt to elections which an Islamist party was poised to win . Tens of thousands of people died in the unrest . Although the country has remained relatively peaceful , recent terrorist attacks have raised fears of a slide back to violence . E-mail to a friend	Two bombs explode in Algerian capital near government and U.N. buildings Algeria blames group linked to al Qaeda Official death toll is 26 , but some sources say as high as 76 U.N. officials say five of its staff killed and 14 missing
CNN  -- Manchester United 's new manager David Moyes started the new English Premier League campaign with a resounding 4-1 win away to Swansea City on Saturday . The reigning champions struck twice in each half to ease to victory in what was considered a potentially tricky first fixture for Moyes on the opening day of the new season . Blog : Can Moyes meet Man Utd challenge ? Robin van Persie carried on from where he left off last year hooking a right-foot shot past Swansea keeper Michel Vorm in the 34th minute . Danny Welbeck doubled the lead two minutes later , tapping the ball home from an Antonio Valencia cross . Unsettled striker Wayne Rooney received a mixed reception when he came on as a second-half substitute and had to play second fiddle to van Persie yet again . The Dutch striker scored a superb second in the 72nd minute , ending a fabulous solo effort with a rasping left-foot drive . Striker Wilfried Bony scored a consolation goal for Swansea ten minutes later before Welbeck added a fourth goal moments before the final whistle . There was no first day celebrations for Arsenal as they slumped to a 3-1 defeat against Aston Villa at the Emirates . Christian Benteke scored a brace for Villa with Antonio Luna adding a late third after Villa had gone a goal down early in the game . Olivier Giroud gave the Gunners the lead in the sixth minute but Benteke leveled the scores with a header in the 22nd minute . The 22-year-old Belgian international converted from the penalty spot in the 61st minute to put Villa in front before Luna completed a miserable opening day for Arsenal fans with a strike five minutes from the end . Liverpool kicked off the new season with a 1-0 win against Stoke City at Anfield . A first-half goal by Daniel Sturridge was enough to earn the Reds all three points despite a spirited performance from Stoke , watched by new manager Mark Hughes . The home side were supported by a full house at Anfield that included Luis Suarez , who is serving the fifth match of a ten-game ban for biting Chelsea 's Branislav Ivanovic in April . The Uruguayan 's future at the club remains in doubt with Suarez agitating for a move away from the club he joined in January 2011 so he can play Champions League football . But bids from Arsenal in excess of Â # 40 million  $ 62 million  have been rejected with Liverpool owner John W Henry stating that the controversial striker is not for sale . On the pitch , things were more clear cut for Liverpool on a blustery and rainy day on Merseyside . Sturridge put Liverpool in front in the 37th minute when he unleashed a low shot from outside the penalty area which fizzed into the bottom corner of the net . The home side pressed for a decisive second goal in the second half but Potters keeper Asmir Begovic kept his side in the game with some fine saves . Liverpool fielded three new signings with both Spanish striker Iago Aspas -- signed for Â # 7.2 million  $ 11 million  from Celta Vigo -- and Kolo Toure -- who joins from Manchester City -- making bright starts for the club . But it was new keeper Simon Mignolet -- signed from Sunderland -- who stole the show saving a penalty from Jon Walters at the death to ensure Liverpool 's win . In Saturday 's other fixtures , Norwich City came from behind to draw 2-2 with Roberto Martinez 's Everton at Carrow Road while Sunderland lost to Fulham 1-0 at the Stadium of Light . West Bromwich Albion also opened their campaign with a 1-0 home defeat against Southampton . But West Ham United made no mistake against newly promoted Cardiff City with Joe Cole and Kevin Nolan netting for the Hammers in a 2-0 win . Jose Mourinho makes his Premier League return on Sunday as Chelsea take on Hull at Stamford Bridge . Tottenham Hotspur are also in action , traveling to south-east London to take on Premier League new boys Crystal Palace .	Manchester United give new manager David Moyes a winning start at Swansea Reigning champions win 4-1 ; Arsenal slump to a 3-1 loss at home to Aston Villa Liverpool and Stoke kick off new English Premier League season at Anfield Daniel Sturridge scores first-half goal to earn Liverpool all three points
CNN  -- Call it a Christmas miracle . "  Family Guy " has resurrected the beloved character Brian , the dog , after killing him off in an accident that had fans howling with grief . On Sunday 's episode , Stewie travels back in time to keep his canine buddy from being run over by a car . According to the show 's creator , Seth MacFarlane who also voices the character of Brian , it had to happen . ` Family Guy ' shocker : Major character killed off "  I mean , you did n't really think we 'd kill off Brian , did you ? " MacFarlane tweeted . "  Jesus , we 'd have to be f *** ing high . " Some viewers had been so up in arms about the tragic plot twist that they started a petition to bring Brian back . The petition quickly amassed thousands of signatures and maintained that "  Brian Griffin was an important part of our viewing experience , " and that the show and Fox Broadcasting "  will lose viewers if Brian Griffin is not brought back to the show . " ` Family Guy ' fans petition to bring back Brian On the latest episode , after the character of Stewie expresses to Santa Claus how sad he is over the loss of his best friend and family dog , Stewie goes back in time to just moments before the accident and is able to push Brian out of the way right before he would have been hit by a car . MacFarlane tweeted "  And thus endeth our warm , fuzzy holiday lesson : Never take those you love for granted , for they can be gone in a flash . " Brian 's resurrection was not completely unexpected . New York Times writer Dave Itzkoff , speculated on Twitter , soon after Brian was killed : "  Everyone will cover Family Guy just as fervently when the ` dead character ' comes back in a week or two , right ? " Of course we did .	"  Family Guy 's " MacFarlane had a special treat for fans Sunday 's episode had a plot twist The show 's creator tweeted about the lesson
Rome  CNN  -- Yes , the Roman Catholic Church still supports the new app designed to help Catholics make confession . To a point . The Vatican qualified its support for "  Confession : A Roman Catholic App , " on Wednesday , a day after the program 's developer announced it was the first app to have official church blessing . "  It is essential to understand well the sacrament of penitence requires the personal dialogue between the penitent and the confessor and the absolution by the confessor , " Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi told reporters on Wednesday . "  This can not in any way be replaced by a technology application . " "  One can not talk in any way about a ` confession via iPhone , ' " Lombardi said . The app 's developer , Little iApps , created Confession in consultation with two Catholic priests , one of them an official with the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops . And it has been given the blessing of Bishop Kevin C. Rhoades of the Diocese of Fort Wayne-South Bend , Indiana , marking the Catholic Church 's first known imprimatur on a mobile app . The app 's developer said Wednesday that he welcomed the Vatican 's warning about Confession . "  The app we created is supposed to be used in the actual confessional , " said Patrick Leinen , co-founder of Little iApps . "  This is an aid to confession and in no way , shape or form a replacement . " The app has three parts . The first is an examination of conscience that 's designed to help Catholics prepare for confession before stepping into the confessional , "  so you do n't walk in and just start making up sins off the top of your head , " Leinen said . The second part features step-by-step instructions for what to do inside the confessional . The last part is a space to record any absolution or penance from the priest . The Vatican 's Lombardi implied some support for the app on Wednesday . "  One can not exclude that someone can - in preparation for the confession - reflect with the help of digital instrument , as in the past one did it with the help of the written word on paper , " he said . Leinen said that he was surprised his app had provoked a Vatican response but that he was grateful for it . "  There just seems to be some confusion , " Leinen said . "  Some people think they will be e-mailing their confession in and that 's just not how it 's going to be used . "	A U.S. developer launched a "  Confession " app for the iPhone this week It has the blessing of an Indiana bishop The Vatican says it 's not a replacement for going to confession
CNN  -- A Democratic congressman from Mississippi plans to hold a hearing into how millions of dollars worth of supplies meant for Gulf Coast hurricane survivors ended up being given away as surplus property . Rep. Bennie Thompson says he 'll hold a hearing into how supplies for Katrina victims were diverted . Rep. Bennie Thompson , chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security , called the situation "  a debacle . " In June , CNN revealed that the Federal Emergency Management Agency had warehoused $ 85 million worth of household goods for two years before giving them away to federal agencies and 16 states . But Thompson said there is still a great need for basic supplies in Mississippi . "  We just think that FEMA needs to come and tell the committee how such a debacle could occur , and in the process , what are they going to do to assure Congress and the taxpaying public that it will never happen again , " Thompson said . The household goods were meant to help Gulf Coast households rebuild . But they sat in FEMA warehouses for two years before the agency declared them surplus property and gave them away in February . The state of Louisiana had not asked for any of the supplies , prompting outrage there after the original CNN report . Since then , the state has taken steps to claim some of the stockpiles and distribute them to groups working to resettle victims of Hurricane Katrina , the 2005 storm that flooded New Orleans and ravaged the Mississippi Gulf Coast . Mississippi took the supplies it was offered but did not give them to Katrina victims . Instead , as CNN reported this week , the state distributed them to prisons , volunteer fire departments , colleges and other state agencies . Thompson said he was stunned at how Mississippi officials made "  a mockery of the whole process . " "  I 'm disappointed that my state decided that prisoners had a higher priority than Katrina victims and has made no effort to correct it even when this mistake was made , " he said . "  Any time items intended for victims of Katrina end up in the hands of the Department of Corrections or state employees , then clearly , Mississippi dropped the ball . " Watch victims tell why they need the items " Thompson said his committee would "  ask all the tough questions " and demand any documents associated with the matter . "  So we are prepared , if necessary , to put those officials under oath , " he said . "  We are prepared if necessary to subpoena any and all documents relative to this situation . " FEMA spokesman Marty Bahamonde said the agency welcomed any congressional hearing . "  We always make ourselves available to answer the questions . That 's something we are always ready to do , " he said . FEMA said it was costing more than $ 1 million a year to store the supplies , but officials have not been able to answer why the agency did n't get the supplies to Katrina victims . FEMA said the agency has launched an internal probe into the issue . Jim Marler , director of Mississippi 's surplus agency , failed to return repeated phone calls over several months to explain what happened there . But spokeswoman Kym Wiggins said the agency was not told the items were still needed -- a statement that did n't sit well with groups working to rebuild the stricken coast . Bill Stallworth , executive director of the Hope Coordination Center in Biloxi , said he and other community leaders would have begged for the FEMA stockpiles had they known they were available . "  When I hear people stand up and just beat their chest and say we 've got everything under control , that 's when I just want to slap them upside the head and say , ` Get a grip , get a life , ' " said Stallworth , also a Biloxi city councilman . If you have a story tip , e-mail SIU.TIPS@CNN.com	Rep. Bennie Thompson wants FEMA to explain giveaway of hurricane supplies FEMA held $ 85 million worth of supplies meant for Katrina victims for two years Goods later given to federal agencies and states , CNN revealed Thompson 's state , Mississippi , did n't give the goods it received to hurricane victims
When Arsalan Kazemi was picked 54th overall in the 2013 NBA Draft , he knew his elevation to the sport 's elite competition was about more than progressing his own career . "  I do n't do this just for myself and my family , " the NBA 's first Iranian-born player to be drafted declares on his official Twitter page . "  I have the whole country on my back . " And for Kazemi his success is not just about shouldering that weight of expectation . "  I was more excited for my country , " the 23-year-old told CNN . "  For the kids that play basketball and have a dream to one day make it to the NBA . I want to show them it 's possible . " Kazemi fell in love with basketball at age nine while growing up in Esfahan , Iran , playing outside and disturbing his neighbors at all hours of the day . "  He loved it . He played every day , " says his mother , Roya Kazemi . "  We made him a hoop in our backyard and I bought him his first basketball . " Within three years , he was a rising star on Iran 's junior national team "  playing with guys a lot older than me " and in 2007 , when still just 16 , his talents caught the eye of a man who would change his life , persuading him to come to the United States where he 's now about to start a career in the National Basketball Association  NBA  . Kazemi became the first Iranian ever to be drafted by an NBA team in June . "  I worked hard to make it , and now I have to fight even harder , " said Kazemi , who is a 6-foot-7 power forward with the Philadelphia 76ers . "  It wo n't be easy . But it 's been like that for me since the day I moved here . " His journey began at the 2007 West Asian Games tournament when Kazemi 's ferocious rebounding and defensive skills against Syria gained the attention of Texas-based sports broadcaster Anthony Ibrahim . "  His team lost the ball half-court , " Ibrahim said . "  Arsalan chased the ball opposite floor and out of nowhere you see him come from the left side all the way to the basket to block the shot . " Political tensions Kazemi grew up watching the NBA commentator every Friday on Alhurra TV , a Washington-based network that broadcast games in Iran . While most scouts saw no reason to take the risk of traveling to the Middle East , Ibrahim often visited the region to bring young , talented athletes back to the States . Ibrahim , a native of Lebanon , wanted to draw attention to countries where college coaches show little interest . "  It was hard to sell , " he said . "  When I told people about the talent , they would say ` What , a kid from Iran that can play ? What are you talking about ? ' " Ibrahim used their athletic ability to help secure scholarships at schools across the nation . "  My goal was always to get these kids education through basketball , " he said . "  But when we saw AK 's level of talent ... I said wait a minute , he 's got a chance to go pro . " Ibrahim took video of Kazemi to a friend , the general manager of the Lebanese national team ; they both decided he "  needs to play at a higher level . " He pitched the opportunity to Kazemi 's parents , but given the political tensions between the United States and Iran , they worried about how their son would be received . "  To be honest , I did n't want to come , " Kazemi said . "  I told my family there 's no way I 'm going there by myself . All my friends were in Iran , I did n't know where I was going or what my life would be like . " His faith in Ibrahim along with the opportunity to study and play basketball persuaded Kazemi to agree . Securing a student visa was the next challenge . The U.S. has n't had an embassy in Iran since the hostage crisis more than 30 years ago . It took six months before Kazemi landed in the U.S. in February 2008 . At the time , he did n't speak English and he was held at the airport for seven hours of questioning by immigration officers . "  They kept asking me ` What are you doing here ? Are you a terrorist ? ' And if I was here to harm the country . " Kazemi enrolled at The Patterson prep school in North Carolina , easing his homesickness by talking to his mother every day . "  It was really hard on me , I knew just enough English to get by in school , " he said . "  I was so homesick I carried my laptop everywhere to talk with my mom . I was nicknamed the ` laptop guy . ' "  It was so bad , he would be on Skype in the car , in the mall , in the gym , " Ibrahim added . "  At one point we said ` OK that 's enough put the laptop down tell Mom nice talkin ' to ya . You 're going to be OK ' . " He was missing home , but Kazemi was taking the basketball court by storm and college coaches were noticing . Upon graduating from Patterson , Kazemi was heavily recruited by college teams and offered scholarships across the nation . He chose the academically prestigious Rice University in Houston , which has a large Iranian community and is where Ibrahim lived . During his three years there , he led his Conference in rebounding and ranked among the top three rebounders nationwide . He says he also came face to face with the type of situation that had concerned him before he left Iran . After his junior year , he asked for and received a National Collegiate Athletic Association hardship waiver to transfer to Oregon where he competed in his senior year . According to Sports Illustrated , the hardship had to do with derogatory comments allegedly made by the Rice athletic director based on ethnicity and religion . Kazemi is Muslim . "  He made some comments that made me uncomfortable , " said Kazemi , who declined to specify what the comments were . "  I was approaching an important year and I wanted to focus on basketball without worrying about what he was saying . " The athletic director , Rick Greenspan , who has since left Rice himself , denied any allegations of discriminatory treatment during Kazemi 's time at Rice . With the Ducks , Kazemi got lots of playtime and instantly became a fan favorite . "  If you 're an athlete in Oregon they treat you like a celebrity , " Kazemi said . "  I got to experience having a home crowd . It 's an amazing feeling when you hear 12,000 people chanting your name . " Fans were intrigued by his superstar ability on the court , but also his facial hair . At games , students would wear fake handlebar mustaches to support their favorite player . Kazemi led the Ducks , who were seeded No. 12 , to their first NCAA tournament since 2008 . He averaged 9.4 points , 10 rebounds , 2.0 steals and 1.4 assists and he was named an all-Pac-12 honorable mention . The Ducks had a deep run in the tournament , but lost the Sweet Sixteen game to the No. 1 overall seed and eventual champion Louisville In that game , Kazemi dropped a double-double , scoring 11 points and grabbing a dozen rebounds -- a performance that put him on the radar of NBA scouts . Two weeks later Kazemi skipped graduation ceremonies to work out with the Atlanta Hawks , one of a dozen NBA teams that invited the power forward to their pre-draft workouts . His mother and sister were granted temporary visas to surprise him on draft night . Kazemi says he was shocked when he became the second round pick of the Washington Wizards , who traded him to Philadelphia in a matter of hours . "  He looked at me and said ` we really did it , ' " Ibrahim said . "  I said no you did it , AK . He got on the court and worked hard for six years . Youngsters in that region are looking up to that boy , he 's a great role model . "	Iranian-born Arsalan Kazemi was picked 54th overall in the 2013 NBA Draft Kazemi first Iranian ever to be drafted by an NBA team Second round pick of the Washington Wizards , who traded him to Philadelphia 76ers
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- South African leader Jacob Zuma was in neighboring Zimbabwe this week to rescue the seemingly crumbling power-sharing government of President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai . The South African president 's visit Friday to the capital , Harare , follows escalating tensions between the two leaders , with Tsvangirai this week taking Mugabe to court for making unilateral decisions in the 21-month-old government . After a more than six-hour meeting with Mugabe and Tsvangirai , who have not been on speaking terms for close to a month , Zuma said he had managed to break the impasse between the two . "  We have met and we have had successful consultations on a number of issues , " Zuma told journalists . "  They were small issues . There had been a breakdown of communication with the leaders of the government which have been resolved , and meetings will resume . " Zuma joked and smiled with journalists , but that was not the case with Mugabe and Tsvangirai , who remained tense throughout the short press briefing . They refused to talk to journalists as they separately left the meetings . "  No comment . No comment . Talk to the mediator , President Zuma , " Tsvangirai told journalists about how his meeting with Zuma and Mugabe went . Mugabe just waved to reporters before he jumped into his car . Zuma -- who was appointed by regional leaders to monitor Zimbabwe 's fragile coalition government and mediate -- said he would brief his counterparts in the 15-member Southern African Development Community  SADC  about the tension in Zimbabwe . The friction between Zimbabwe 's leaders worsened this week when Tsvangirai went to court to reverse unilateral appointments Mugabe made of senior government officials such as attorney general and several diplomats . Mugabe was ordered in August to reverse all unilateral decisions he has made , but that has failed to happen , leading Tsvangirai to abandon recent cabinet meetings .	President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai are at odds South African President Jacob Zuma went to Zimbabwe to mediate He says he had successful consultations on a number of issues
CNN  -- A suicide bomber walks into a bar . He shouts at the bartender , "  Gim me the money , or I blow this place to bits ! " The worried bartender hands him a wad of cash , and the bomber departs . The next day , the suicide bomber returns to the same bar . He shouts at the bartender , "  Gim me the money , or I blow this place to bits ! " "  Are you nuts ? " answers the bartender . "  If I give you money every day , I 'll go out of business . Plus , you 're scaring away the customers . " "  I tell you what , " replies the bomber , "  Gim me the money , and I wo n't come back until the day after tomorrow . " Welcome to the art of negotiation , Republican style . Since the election of 2010 , the United States has narrowly averted three Republican-built suicide bombs : one government shutdown , one debt default and one fiscal cliff . We have two more scheduled for February : across-the-board spending cuts and another debt ceiling expiration . The Republicans ' suicide strategy is a relatively new addition to American politics . Newt Gingrich pioneered the first government shutdown in 1995 . It was so disastrous that no one tried it again for 16 years . In the meantime , Republicans pursued a more traditional method known as the democratic process . They campaigned for election and took control of the White House , Senate and House of Representatives . From 2001 to 2006 , the dominant Republicans passed plenty of conservative legislation .  They did not , however , reduce spending or balance the budget . Borger : Fiscal cliff was bound to collapse When their golden era came to an end , many Republicans refused to accept that the popular will had turned against them and resorted to obstructionist tactics . In the Senate , they have filibustered 391 Democratic bills in the past six years , culminating last month in Minority Leader Mitch McConnell 's historic filibuster of his own bill . The Democrats are no strangers to the filibuster , of course , but they managed only 201 in their six years of minority status . Yet the Senate is a model of effective government compared with the House , now the only Republican-dominated branch of the federal government . Frustrated by their inability to get conservative legislation past the Democratic-controlled Senate and White House , congressional Republicans have revived the "  suicide bomb . " The key to the suicide bomb strategy is to convince people that members of the conservative wing of the Republican Party are crazy enough to wreck the economy if they do n't get their way . Democratic leaders seem to believe them . Like the hapless bartender , they keep tossing the Republicans wads of cash -- spending cuts and tax breaks -- in order to spare the country from a debt default , shutdown or recession . Opinion : GOP civil war over Sandy disaster relief But this bomber will not be satisfied by a few payoffs . The Republicans continue to use every opportunity to extract concessions by threatening to wreck the economy ... again . When Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner proposed a permanent debt ceiling extension during the last round of negotiations , McConnell reportedly laughed in his face . The suicide bomb has become the Republicans ' most effective weapon . Why would they give that up ? President Obama was slow to see the pattern , but after three nail-biting suicide negotiations in two years , he seems to have finally realized that he can not continue to encourage the bomb threats with concessions . As attention turned to the next debt ceiling battle , he declared , "  While I will negotiate over many things , I will not have another debate with this Congress over whether or not they should pay the bills that they 've already racked up through the laws that they passed . " Hopefully , he will maintain this resolve . The endless threats not only enable Republicans to subvert the democratic process , they hurt the country . Even if the Republicans never actually fulfill their ultimatums , the anxiety provoked by such threats damages the economy by creating uncertain business conditions . To extend the metaphor : The suicide bomber is scaring away the customers . So what will happen when Obama finally says enough is enough ? Is the country destined to go BOOM ? Avlon : Chris Christie drops bomb on GOP leaders Fortunately not . The joke has a hidden punchline . It turns out that the suicide bomber is a part-owner of the bar . The folks who will lose the most if the bomb goes off are the investors , bankers and businesspeople who still retain large stakes in the Republican Party . When the Republicans threatened to let the government default in 2011 , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other industry advocates objected with growing concern . If the Democrats refuse to negotiate this time around , industry advocates will not sit idly while the party they finance deliberately ruins their businesses . But what if the conservative Republicans are really that crazy ? What if they are so committed to their agenda and dismissive of their constituents that they will allow unemployment to rise , interest rates to skyrocket , government services to disappear , seniors to lose their Social Security checks and other catastrophic consequences of debt defaults and government shutdowns ? If that is the case , however unlikely , than we will only have to survive until the next election , at which point the Republicans will discover that suicide bombings produce only one guaranteed casualty : the bomber himself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Wolraich .	Michael Wolraich : GOP "  negotiations " on cliff , debt are like a suicide bomber 's He says threat to shut down government , hurt economy pioneered by Gingrich He says strategy back again ; Democrats cave in the face of it . Obama may be wising up Wolraich : For threat to work , suicide bombers must blow themselves up . GOP beware
ZAM ZAM DISPLACEMENT CAMP , Sudan  CNN  -- Sudan 's Darfur crisis has exploded on many fronts -- violence , hunger , displacement and looting -- but United Nations peacekeepers say the biggest issue now affecting the region is the systematic rape of women and children . UNAMID police officer Ajayi Funmi , left , educates Darfur women about rape . Thousands of women as young as 4 caught in the middle of the struggle between rebel forces and government-backed militias have become victims of rape , they say , with some aid groups claiming that it is being used as a weapon of ethnic cleansing . "  That is one of the biggest issues in Darfur : the rapes , and crimes against women and children , " said Michael Fryer , police commissioner of UNAMID , the United Nations peacekeeping force deployed to try to tackle the violence . Relief workers say they are powerless to stop the attacks and say that if they do speak out , they fear that the Sudanese government will tell them to leave the country . Humanitarian group Refugees International said in a report last year that rape was "  an integral part of the pattern of violence that the government of Sudan is inflicting upon the targeted ethnic groups in Darfur . " Some relief workers say that almost every woman living in aid camps has been raped or become a victim of gender-based violence . Many teenagers , while out running errands such as collecting firewood , are raped multiple times by militiamen , the workers say . Watch women face dangers in Darfur " They say the situation has now become so bad that many women are now resigned to rape as a way of life and men are unwilling to accompany them because they fear that they will be killed if they try to defend them . But despite the extent of the abuse , the Sudanese government insists there is no problem , adding to the difficulties faced by the victims , who are often ostracized by their communities or fall afoul of a legal system seen as favoring their attackers . iReport.com : Share your photos , videos of Darfur "  There is no rape in Darfur , " said Mohammad Hassan Awad , a Humanitarian Aid Commissioner for West Darfur , who accuses foreign aid workers of persuading people in refugee camps to make false claims . Although few aid workers dispute the extent of the attacks against women , they say survivors are unwilling to come forward . But those who do reveal shocking levels of abuse . "  She said they removed their scarves and used it to tie them up and were taking turns to rape them . One is 13 years old ; the other one is 16 years , " Ajayi Funmi of the UNAMID police , who is trying to educate women , said after talking to two girls . Making matters worse , aid workers say scores of babies conceived through rape are being dumped by their mothers . "  Abandoned babies are reported , but because of the stigma attached to it , there is no detailed report , because the women do n't come forward , " said Dr Naqib Safi of the U.N. children 's body UNICEF . As many as 20 babies a month are being dumped in one camp of 22,000 people . With U.N. officials calling for more female officers to better educate women against rape and women saying they wo n't feel safe until the under-equipped and undermanned United Nations force is strong enough to protect them , the situation shows little sign of improving .	Women and girls as young as four face rape on daily basis in Darfur U.N. mission says rape now biggest issue facing troubled Sudanese region Aid workers says 100 percent of women in camps face gender-based abuse Sudanese government says there is no rape in Darfur
Washington  CNN  -- A high-profile appeal for help from the public to solve three child pornography cases has led to the arrest of two suspects , Immigration and Customs Enforcement announced Friday . ICE said it took Lance Robert Fries , 43 , into custody Friday afternoon at his attorney 's office in Tucson . He faces potential federal charges of production of child pornography and is expected to make his initial appearance in federal court Monday , ICE said . Thursday night , Letha Mae Montemayor , 52 , was arrested outside a Los Angeles apartment building after law enforcement officials received multiple tips and located her , authorities said Friday . She is charged with one count of production of child pornography and one count of conspiracy to produce child pornography . The two arrests came after ICE asked for the public 's help in identifying four suspects in three unsolved child pornography cases . Montemayor , previously known as "  Jane Doe , " was allegedly involved in one of the cases along with an unidentified man . 245 arrested in U.S.-led child sex abuse operation Fries , called "  John Doe " until he was identified , was allegedly involved in a second case , ICE spokeswoman Gillian Christensen said . The suspect in the third case is still unidentified , she said . According to ICE , Montemayor was identified as a suspect through the tattoos and her facial appearance and was arrested less than 10 hours after the appeal for tips . Montemayor is expected to have an initial court appearance Monday . CNN was unable to learn whether she has a lawyer . "  This arrest would not have happened without the public 's help , and it demonstrates how much individual citizens can do to help law enforcement attack crime , " ICE Director John Morton said in a statement issued Friday . Her case involves the alleged sexual molestation of an unidentified girl . Investigators believe the abuse took place about 11 years ago when the girl was around 13 years old , but the pornographic images were widely circulated . ICE posted pictures on its website of an unidentified woman and man suspected of abusing the girl . The woman had very distinctive tattoos visible in the pictures . A criminal complaint alleged the woman is seen in about five images sexually abusing the girl . So far , law enforcement officials have not learned the name or location of the man suspected in the Jane Doe abuse case , and they are still seeking the public 's help in finding him . The girl whom the pair allegedly abused also has not been identified . ICE officials said they believe she is now an adult . Nationwide child porn investigation leads to couple 's arrest in Oregon Morton made the appeal for identifying the suspects at a news conference Thursday in Washington , when he announced the results of Operation Sunflower . It is an international operation aimed at child pornography and sexual abuse in which 245 suspects were arrested and 123 victims of child exploitation were identified . Late Thursday night , special agents received a call to the ICE tip line regarding John Doe 's possible identity . That case involved the sexual exploitation of a prepubescent boy by an adult male . Investigators were able to identify the victim and confirm that the boy is now safe . In order to protect the victim 's privacy , ICE said it would release no details about his identity or relationship to the suspect . The pornographic images involving the girl were first discovered by ICE Homeland Security Investigations agents in Chicago in 2007 . The pictures were submitted to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children 's Child Victim Identification Program . ICE determined the images were not related to any known case and the victim had n't been identified . Through forensic analysis , agents determined the images were taken in the Los Angeles area . A 2001 wall calendar was visible in some pictures , helping officials determine the abuse happened 11 years ago . In the John Doe case , HSI special agents first discovered the images in Portland , Oregon , in 2006 . The material was submitted to the Child Victim Identification Program , which determined the victim had not yet been identified and was not linked with other known child pornography images . "  This is truly a remarkable turn of events and it again demonstrates the collective power that can be brought to bear when law enforcement and the public team up to combat the sexual exploitation of children , " Morton said . "  Those who produce and trade child pornography over the Internet believe they 're protected by the anonymity of cyberspace . Through our collective efforts , we 're proving these predators wrong and gaining justice for their innocent victims . " 18 rescued in child pornography raids , feds say CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : A second suspect is arrested NEW : The man is arrested in Tucson It was the result of tips from the public , officials say Immigration agency 's "  Operation Sunflower " identifies 123 child victims of pornography , abuse
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Kenya 's finance minister has resigned after being named in a corruption scandal that threatened to damage the nation 's fragile new unity government , Prime Minister Raila Odinga announced . Kenya 's finance minister Amos Kimunya has resigned after being named in a corruption scandal . Amos Kimunya stepped down Tuesday , only days after he was quoted in local media reports saying that he "  would rather die than resign . " Kimunya had been embroiled in a scandal involving the controversial sale of the government-owned Grand Regency Hotel in Nairobi , which was reportedly purchased by a business group at a below-market price . Local watchdog groups criticized the sale , calling it secretive . Kimunya is widely regarded as an ally to President Mwai Kibaki . Kibaki recently entered into a power-sharing agreement with opposition leader Odinga after a dispute over December 's elections that led to widespread violence . In the agreement signed in February , Kibaki remained president and Odinga became prime minister , the first time Kenya 's government had both positions . Under the power-sharing agreement the parliament was seated equally with supporters of both men . Odinga told parliament Tuesday he was "  pleased that the minister of finance has deemed it important to step aside . " "  This government , as I said a few times last week , will not condone any kind of corruption . I say this on the authority of the government , that from the president to the prime minister , down to the assistant clerks in the government , nobody is indispensable . " An editorial Tuesday in the Kenyan newspaper The East African Standard said the scandal had damaged the already "  unhappy marriage " between the factions .	Kenya 's finance minister resigns after being named in a corruption scandal Scandal threatens to damage the nation 's fragile new unity government Amos Kimunya embroiled in sale of government-owned Grand Regency Hotel
CNN  -- Sometimes on a summer evening , I 'll step out into the warm air as darkness descends around me . As my eyes adjust to the dimming sky , I 'll look across the street and see a flicker from behind the all-but-dead apple tree . Just one small glimmer in the spreading gloom . It 's joined by another and another until the yard is twinkling with fireflies . It 's not enough light to read by , but it 's enough to know I 'm not alone . That 's how it felt to share my story of living with depression a while back . My tale was in no way remarkable , and I lead a fairly lucky life -- but it 's also all I have ever known . From time to time , a gray layer of sadness drapes over me and muffles my capacity to feel joy . It 's just the way I 'm built . I may never be able to reduce the intensity or frequency of these bouts , but with time , experience , therapy and the love of some extraordinary people , I have learned that the blanket will eventually lift and I 'll be able to feel alive again . Again -- I am lucky . Latinos struggle to find help for mental health issues Moments after my story published , e-mails , Facebook messages , comments , texts , tweets , calls -- from colleagues , friends and perfect strangers -- flooded in and swallowed me up . Many CNN readers saw my beacon and winked back , sharing their own stories : "  Perhaps the worst part is how depression makes you hate yourself , no matter what you do . If you help someone out of a jam , you did n't do enough . If you ca n't help someone , you are n't good enough . The feelings are maddening . I look around me at the life I live . I make good money , I have a good job , my wife is great , I have traveled the world , and I have a little daughter that is a ray of sunshine in my life . How in the WORLD could I be depressed when I have what so many others in the world would LOVE to have ? "  But , then there are times that the sky clears up , and life is just good . I feel comfortable with myself , and am at peace . These times are rare . I think it has happened maybe a half dozen times in my life . But , it does happen . For anyone suffering through depression , try to remember that the lives of those around you are better for knowing you . " -- sadGeek "  The full blown version - the kind that is truly physiological and for which no medications have any effect - is witheringly exhausting , both physically and mentally . ... People have no idea the immense burden that you are carrying and you are judged as if you are normal . " -- JFairweather "  For me , it 's not ` feeling sad ' ; it 's like I ca n't feel anything -- just emotionless , tired , dull , uninterested in everything . If it gets bad , I feel like everything has slowed down and I ca n't peel myself off the bed . I 've been actively suicidal multiple times . But like the author of this essay I 've found that it is easier to be open about it than to hide it as though it 's a guilty secret . " -- Callista Emotional eating : Gray cakes tackle depression taboo Despite the pain in our voices , I 'd still count us all among the incredibly fortunate for having the freedom to talk about depression and a language with which to do so . Not everyone has that freedom of communication as part of their arsenal . In particular , children , members of the military and some minority populations can find it difficult to speak about or get help for depression symptoms , often because of cultural taboos or lack of information . Children and adolescents  as I was when I was diagnosed  simply might not understand that there is a name for what they 're feeling or have the language to articulate it to someone who might help . According to the National Comorbidity Survey , 11 % of adolescents suffer from a depressive disorder by age 18 , and that is heavily skewed toward girls . The National Institute of Mental Health reports that young people are likely to mask their their depression in behavior that simply seems like sulking , shyness , reluctance to go to school , clinging to a parent or pretending to be physically ill . Older adolescents may act out negatively or attempt to numb the pain through substance abuse . Because so many of these are pretty standard markers of growing pains , the behavior is often dismissed as "  just a phase , " and kids are punished or tolerated but not treated . According to the National Institute of Mental Health , suicide is the third leading cause of death among people 15-24 . Sufferers of post-traumatic stress disorder , especially those who serve in the military , often feel isolated upon return from a tour of duty and do n't wish to burden their loved ones with their pain and the horror of what they 've seen . According to Army data , 2012 saw a 22 % increase in active-duty suicides , and in a study of 72 active-duty service members who had attempted to commit suicide , every single respondent selected "  to stop bad feelings " as part of the reasoning for their attempt . "  That is an epidemic . Something 's wrong , " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta told Congress after the figures were released in July . Army Sgt. Maj. Raymond F. Chandler III believes the key is for senior military personnel to lead by example and share their own stories of PTSD , brain injury and suicidal thoughts . "  It is a source of strength to ask for help , " Chandler told participants in a Suicide Stand Down roundtable discussion on the issue . "  And we are all about being strong in the Army . " He continued , "  Our ultimate goal is to change mindset across the force , build resilience , strengthen life-coping skills and address the stigma associated with asking for help . We 've got a long ways to go , but we 're going to get there . " And in some cultures , the subject of depression is simply taboo . Terrie Williams , author of "  Black Pain : It Just Looks Like We 're Not Hurting , " says the silence is destroying the African-American community . Williams suffered a severe emotional breakdown not long after launching a public relations company with high-profile clients like Eddie Murphy , Chris Rock and a who 's - who of modern musical acts . As part of her recovery , she makes it her mission to ensure that people around her feel empowered to speak uncomfortable truths and get the professional help they need . "  Black folks tend to see mental illness as a character flaw , a sign of weakness , because we are a very faith-based people . Many are of the opinion that you just take whatever it is to the Lord in prayer , " Williams says . But that 's just the first step . "  I speak at a lot of churches , and I say , ' I know it was my God that led me to the right psychiatrist . ' " This reticence to seek help , she says , leads to some deeply destructive behavior . "  Not enough of us are recognizing it or getting help . We 'll do anything we can not to feel the real pain . We drink , use drugs , buy things we do n't need , have promiscuous , unprotected sex , gamble , create violence -- it 's everywhere . ... And people commit slow suicide : They do n't take their diabetes medication , or they go into enemy territory where they know they 'll get shot . " Williams combats this with a packed touring schedule , addressing groups of African-American adolescents and professionals , speaking about her own experiences in an attempt to draw out people who may have experienced some of the same feelings and who may have never acknowledged it aloud -- let alone in front of a group of 700 people . And it works , she says . In one instance , a young woman came up to the podium in tears and spoke of sexual abuse from multiple relatives . Three other young women stood up and said that they had been raped . It was the first time they ever uttered it out loud , and as Williams says , "  Each left there a different person . " In another case , Williams found herself counseling two members of the Bloods street gang who , to her great surprise , opened up with their issues of abandonment and fatherlessness , wept at her desk for over four hours and then went back and "  started running around talking to their homies about the benefits of therapy . " The initial breakthrough is an extraordinary thing , but Williams admits that aftercare resources may be harder to come by in some communities . She suggests seeking therapists with a sliding scale and seeking out one of the growing number of counseling offices attached to local churches -- and she 's deputizing clergy members to take action . Williams convinced one minister to slip the phrase , "  When I was at my therapist 's office ... " into his Sunday sermon . That , she says , normalizes the language and the notion . If your preacher is saying that he can not handle the weight of the world by himself , laypeople may be more open to the notion that they do n't have to either . "  When you share your story with someone else , " Williams says , "  you find that you 're not standing on that ledge by yourself . " CNN commenter mobustobus expressed a similar sentiment : "  Emotional honesty is almost like a taboo in our society , but it 's essential for healing depression . Opening up to another human being and telling them your deepest , darkest secrets is one of the scariest things you can do , but also one of the most empowering . The first time I did it , I felt alive in a way I had never before felt in my life . There 's definitely an energy you get from baring it all and realizing you 're still accepted . " Resources : Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration Help yourself . Help others . American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Depression Resource Center National Alliance on Mental Illness Multicultural Action Center Military Suicide Hot line : 800-273-8255 Suicide Prevention Lifeline : 1-800-273-TALK  8255	October 10 is National Depression Screening Day CNN 's Kat Kinsman shared her battle with depression in an earlier article Many people feel stigmatized or unable to share their depression experiences See resources for getting help with depression at the end of the article
CNN  -- Manchester City have completed a sensational transfer deadline-day swoop for Brazilian forward Robinho in an estimated # 32.5 million  $ 58 million  deal with Real Madrid , following the English Premier League club 's takeover by an Abu Dhabi group on Monday . Brazilian Robinho joins Manchester City for a British transfer record of # 32.5 million . Chelsea had been leading the chase for Robinho , who had insisted he wanted to play for the London club . However , Real had stood firm in insisting that they did not want to sell 24-year-old Robinho and refused numerous Chelsea offers in recent weeks , putting an end to that deal . But City -- with new financial clout provided by their Middle East-based owners -- met the valuation placed on Robinho by the Spanish giants , breaking the British transfer record . Robinho told City 's Web site : "  I knew that Manchester City is a very big club , there 's a great team there already and this is an exciting project . "  I liked the project , and when City made the offer to Real Madrid , I decided to come here . I liked the plans that Manchester City have and I want to succeed with them . " Robinho confirmed the presence of his international team-mates Jo and Elano at City was a factor in his decision to sign , even though Chelsea appeared a more likely destination at the start of transfer deadline day . Hughes , who had a playing spell in Spain with Barcelona , has spoken to his new signing and Robinho is keen to work with the former Blackburn and Wales manager . "  I met with the manager today and it went very well , " said Robinho . "  I know that he was a great player and I think that will be a big help to me . I want to help the manager and the team to win the Premier League , that 's my ambition here . " City also attempted to muscle in on arch-rivals Manchester United 's acquisition of Tottenham striker Dimitar Berbatov . Tottenham accepted City 's bid for Berbatov , but the Bulgarian international opted to join the Premier League champions . Earlier in the day , City agreed to a takeover by the United Arab Emirates business group , a deal that will end former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra 's brief ownership of the Premier League club . The Abu Dhabi United Group for Development and Investment will now look at the club 's accounts and contracts before a takeover is officially completed . The group reached an agreement late on Sunday night with Thaksin , said board member Sulaiman Al-Fahim , who brokered the deal . Thaksin will retain a minority stake and remain on the board as honorary president without any administrative responsibilities , Al-Fahim said . The club said in a statement that a "  memorandum of understanding " has been signed and the deal is subject to a due diligence , allowing investors to request information from Man City and the Premier League . Financial terms were not immediately available , but the UAE group described it as a "  huge takeover " which gives the consortium "  all the management rights . " Thaksin , who bought City last June , had his assets frozen and fled to Britain last month to escape corruption charges in Thailand , claiming that he could not be assured of a fair trial . Al-Fahim -- chief executive of Abu Dhabi-based developer Hydra Properties -- reached the deal with Thaksin and Khalid Kadfour Al-Muhairy , the legal chief of the Emirates Group . Al-Fahim said the group was attracted to the "  richest European competition with more than $ 3 billion revenue . " Like Thaksin , the new owners want manager Mark Hughes to deliver Champions League qualification by breaking into the top four of the Premier League . After two wins in their first three matches of the season , City are third in the standings -- one point behind leaders Chelsea . Al-Fahim said on Tuesday that Hughes would be given the financial clout to help him meet the aspirations of the new owners . He told Sky Sports News that he plans to meet Hughes and talk over future transfer targets . "  I will come to the UK in a few days to meet the manager Mark  Hughes  , " he said . "  We will sit down with him and see what it is he needs now . " Confirming that the bid to sign Berbatov from Tottenham ahead of city rivals United was a serious one , he added : "  That was genuine . It was very close but we could n't get him , we were unlucky . " Of the takeover he said : "  It might take a month , it depends on the final approval of the authorities . "	Manchester City sign Robinho from Real Madrid in the # 32.5 m  $ 58m  deal Brazilian star , 24 , had been expected to join rival Premier League side Chelsea Transfer deadline day deal came after City were taken over by Abu Dhabi group City also bid for Dimitar Berbatov , but Bulgarian opted to join Manchester Utd .
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Bernice King , the youngest child of slain civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. , has been elected president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , a spokeswoman for the group said Friday . King , 46 , was elected as the SCLC 's first female president , said Renee Richardson . King 's father was SCLC 's first president . The organization was founded in 1957 . The other finalist for the post was former Arkansas Court of Appeals Judge Wendell Griffen , 57 , who lost his recent bid for re-election . Griffen , of Pine Bluff , Arkansas , is also pastor of New Millennium Church in Little Rock . King is a minister at New Birth Missionary Baptist Church in Lithonia , Georgia . She also is a motivational speaker and author . "  It is a destiny call , " she told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution last week . "  It is part of my father and mother 's legacy and a continuation of the legacy he started in the '50s and '60s through this organization . I believe that the hand of God is leading me . " Her brother , Martin Luther King III , was president of SCLC from 1997 to 2004 . They and sibling Dexter King were locked in a bitter legal battle over their parents ' estates until late September , when a judge ordered them to begin negotiations . The three were able to reach a settlement . King succeeds the Rev. Byron Clay , who has been interim president since the Rev. Charles Steele Jr. resigned earlier this year . The Rev. Joseph E. Lowery led the group from 1977 until 1997 . The Rev. Ralph D. Abernathy was president from 1968 to 1977 . Ralph Luker , a retired history professor at Morehouse College and co-editor of the first two volumes of "  The Papers of Martin Luther King , " says SCLC 's challenge going forward is giving the organization a sense of mission . "  There 's been ... no real vision , and that 's a dramatic change from its early years , " he said . "  For too long it 's been a program here , had a cause there , but the group 's rationale for being has n't been clear . " The group , which has chapters and affiliates throughout the country , has lobbied extensively on a variety of issues related to civil rights . CNN 's Debra Krajnak and Maria White contributed to this report .	Bernice King is the youngest daughter of slain civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. . She is the first female president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference Her father was the organization 's first president
CNN  -- The World Food Programme is stepping in to feed people in North Korea , where floods have ruined crops and left hundreds of thousands homeless , according to reports . The United Nations declared the situation in North Korea an emergency Thursday after torrential rain soaked the country between July 18 and 29 . Eighty-eight people have died , a U.N. report said , though national media put the toll at 169 . Counties most affected by the floods are in need of immediate food assistance , the report said . Read more on the North Korea floods The downpours swept away crops and destroyed buildings , the state-run Korean Central News Agency said . The floods also damaged wells and pumping stations , leaving about 50,000 families without clean drinking water , the U.N. report said . As Saturday , 144 had been injured , KCNA said . It reported that 212 200 people are homeless . Read more about Asia 's recent extreme wet weather "  Most areas of the DPRK are expected to suffer big damage from continuous downpour accompanied by thunder and storm , " KCNA reported Monday , using the abbreviation of the country 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . The destruction of farmland is of particular concern in a country that struggles to feed itself . The World Food Programme said Friday that it is sending a first round of emergency food aid that will provide rations of 400 grams  14 ounces  of maize per day for 14 days . The United Nations reported more than 30,600 hectares  75,600 acres  of arable land was affected . Employees from humanitarian groups that operate inside North Korea describe severe malnourishment on a large scale . A deal earlier this year for the United States to ship food aid to the country fell apart after the regime went ahead with a controversial rocket launch . The highest numbers of deaths so far from the flooding were reported in areas of South Phyongan province , northeast of the capital , Pyongyang . The heavy rain Sunday hit Pyongyang as well as North and South Phyongan provinces . The capital is the richest and most developed part of the country , and is used as a showcase by the secretive , nuclear-armed regime . The provinces tend to be poorer and have weaker infrastructure .	North Korea is in need of immediate food assistance , the U.N. says The World Food Programme announces it is sending emergency food aid State media : More than 212 000 people are homeless Eighty-eight people have died , U.N. says , but national media put the toll at 169
CNN  -- Xavier University and the University of Cincinnati both said on Sunday that they have suspended players in the wake of a brawl between their schools ' basketball players . The fight between the rivals broke out with just seconds left in Saturday night 's game . Cincinnati said it would suspend players Yancy Gates , Octavius Ellis and Cheikh Mbodj for six games and Ge'Lawn Guyn for one game . Xavier suspended Dezmine Wells and Landen Amos for four games and Mark Lyons for two , the school said in a statement . Senior Tu Holloway was given a one-game suspension . "  I really apologize for what took place , " Holloway told reporters on Sunday . "  We 're not thugs ; we 're not bad kids here at Xavier University . We 're all going to get degrees and we 're incredible young men so I really apologize for what took place yesterday , " he said . Cincinnati athletic director Whit Babcock similarly apologized for the fight and said there "  will be zero tolerance for a repeat of this behavior . " "  We want to deal with this in a prompt and direct manner and send the message that we will not tolerate this from those who have the privilege of representing the University of Cincinnati , " he said . Video from the game , which was played at Xavier , shows players pushing and shoving as people try to keep the teams apart .	Each school suspends four men 's basketball student-athletes A fight breaks out at a game between Cincinnati and Xavier Cincinnati says there "  will be zero tolerance for a repeat of this behavior " An Xavier player apologizes , says students are n't "  thugs "
CNN  -- Poachers threaten to drive the majestic African elephant to the brink of extinction , just as they have the long-persecuted northern white rhino . But poachers are n't the only culprits . Very wealthy hunters , mainly from the United States , are picking off elephants in their zeal to bag the biggest tusks and trophies and rise within the ranks of the global trophy hunting fraternity . There 's reason to believe that , as a result of meaningful actions taken by African governments as well as the U.S. government to restrain trophy hunters , this intentional killing may subside . Two African countries , Botswana and Zambia , have just outlawed trophy hunting . And the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has temporarily stopped issuing permits for hunters to bring home their elephant trophies from Tanzania and Zimbabwe , where hunting is legal and poorly regulated . Robert Mugabe , the corrupt strongman of Zimbabwe , has allowed so many natural resources within his country to be looted that it makes perfect sense that he can not be trusted to provide safeguards for the elephants of his country . In 2012 , the most recent year for which data are available , hunters received permits to import 204 elephant trophies from Zimbabwe and 36 from Tanzania . Another 261 elephants were shot and killed in Botswana . Now , thanks to the U.S. import ban and the hunting prohibitions in the two African nations , 500 elephants are likely to live this year -- since hunters wo n't kill them if they ca n't bring back the parts . Unfortunately , hunters can still import trophies from elephants killed in South Africa and Namibia , an inexcusable gap in the regulatory efforts to curb the ivory trade . It 's time that all African nations with elephants join Botswana , Kenya and Zambia in barring trophy hunting . Elephants are much more valuable to the economies of African nations alive than dead . An elephant can be watched throughout his lifetime , and there 's an enormous and growing pool of ecotourism customers waiting for that thrilling experience . On the other hand , the creature targeted by the hunter dies after a single bullet tears up his insides , meaning the revenue gained is merely a one shot deal . What 's more , the pool of people who want to kill elephants for fun is tiny and declining . The pictures and the memories for the ecotourists will last a lifetime , and it 's a trip they 'll never be ashamed to recount to their grandkids . Photos : Tourist trophy hunters chase African wildlife Safari Club International , the lobbying arm of the trophy-hunting crowd , seeks to rationalize such actions by saying that the money derived from such hunts will help animals on the ground , in part by stimulating the flow of money into local communities in their range states and helping to fund conservation efforts . But that twisted logic -- kill them to save them -- does not fit with 21st century reality . If American trophy hunters were sincere , they could invest their wealth directly to fight illegal killing . Anti-poaching teams on the ground need help because poachers , often associated with terrorist groups , slaughtered an estimated 22,000 African elephants last year to sell trinkets in the global marketplace . That number is unsustainable , and wild elephants are plainly in crisis . Alas , American trophy hunters are out to kill elephants for the same reason as poachers . They admit it . Here is what Safari Club International says in its official online record book : "  An elephant with really good ivory  100 pounds , or 45 kg , per tusk used to be the magic number , though these days 70 pounds , or 32 kg , is considered very good  is generally considered Africa 's top hunting trophy . Trophy quality is determined by the weight and beauty of the tusks . " I ask myself : Would a poacher put it any differently ? Against tremendous pressure from a small cadre of hunters and others who want to trade in ivory , including the folks at Safari Club International , the United States has taken strong steps against the trade in ivory goods . In February , the Obama administration took aim at poachers by further tightening restrictions on this trade within America 's borders . After China , America is the world 's largest market for ivory products . The United States and the rest of the world need to do more -- and quickly . At a time when we ask poor Africans to stop killing elephants to trade in ivory trinkets , is it too much to ask rich Americans to stop killing elephants for trade in trophies for display in their homes ? Good heavens , is n't this so obvious ? Several members of Congress are trying to pressure the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to lift its recently imposed import restrictions on elephant trophies from Tanzania and Zimbabwe . The Obama administration should reject this lobbying effort . Crass displays of hunting conquests should n't come by depriving our world of one of the grandest creatures to leave its footprints on the savannahs and in the forests of Africa .	Wayne Pacelle : Poachers , as well as wealthy U.S. hunters , are killing African elephants Pacelle : Elephants are more valuable to African nations ' economies alive than dead He says U.S. import ban and the hunting prohibitions in two African nations may help Pacelle : It 's time that all African nations with elephants ban trophy hunting
Violence in Iraq has spiked in the last year , according to the United Nations , but as has become the case with Syria , it 's rarely news if the day 's deaths are "  only " in the tens . The same Western governments who led the invasion of Iraq in 2003 are now looking away , seeing Iraq as the problem of previous administrations , and being preoccupied with fresher crises in Syria and Egypt . The impression of constant bad news belies the reality that violence in Iraq had for some time been reduced , but is rapidly becoming worse again . More than 1,000 civilians died in July , levels not seen since the dark days of 2006-07 . Such violence is not a permanent reality for Iraq , but is symptomatic of political failures . Some Western commentators portray Iraq as a basket case , condemned to perpetual violence , reflecting something fundamentally wrong with Iraqi culture and society . This conveniently absolves the rest of the world of their shared responsibility for building up a political system where violence has been the main political currency , not just since 2003 but for years under the previous regime . Saddam Hussein 's 1980s war with Iran was encouraged by the West and by Iraq 's Gulf neighbors , who turned a blind eye to his domestic repression and ethnic cleansing . After the 1991 Gulf war , internationally-imposed sanctions hollowed out Iraq 's middle class and made many Iraqis turn to corruption and organized crime to survive . Examining the political causes of Iraq 's violence -- going beyond the caricatured and historical view that it is inevitable or permanent -- matters for the whole Middle East . Iraq is not only geographically central , with about 30 million people and the world 's fifth largest oil reserves ; it has historically been a center of ideas . Given Iraq 's international influence , the 2003 invasion was overtly designed not just to remove an anti-Western regime , but to reshape the Middle East . But rather than becoming a model for democracy and the free market , the example of Iraq has been used by conservative forces in the region to bolster their traditional pretense that the only political choices for Arabs are authoritarian government or chaos . The violence between Sunni and Shia political factions has also generated fears of wider sectarian conflict across the region , although violence occurs within , as well as between , religious groups , and its causes are political more than religious . The first reason for the recent spike in violence has been the spillover of fighting and tensions from the civil war in neighboring Syria . There are close links between Iraqi and Syrian societies and families , and as the conflict in Syria has become increasingly sectarian and internationalized , fighters from Iraq are now involved on both sides . The recent split between the Syrian National Council and jihadi groups such as the Islamic state of Iraq and Syria might present an opportunity for Iraq 's government to reconceptualize its interests in Syria . Despite their shared alliance with Iran , just a few years ago the Iraqi and Syrian governments were at loggerheads as Iraq suspected Syria of facilitating the entry of al Qaeda fighters into its own territory . Iraq 's second problem is that it remains an arena where regional powers vie for influence , with Iran supporting the Shia ruling coalition , Saudi Arabia supporting Sunni groups and the secular Shia leader Iyad Allawi , and Turkey becoming ever closer to the Kurds . Personal animosity between the leaders of Iraq and Saudi Arabia contributes to their poor relations , with Saudi Arabia still unwilling to open an embassy in Iraq more than a decade after the invasion . But the situation is not as simple as an inevitable tension between Sunnis and Shia . The Saudi king is said to respect Iraq 's main Shia cleric , Ayatollah Ali Al Sistani . Encouraging religious dialogue between Sunni and Shia clerics could be a useful aspect of conflict resolution . And the recent talks between the U.S. and Iran is also an opportunity for Iraq to act as a bridge , as one of the few countries to have strong relations with both . The third main driver of the current violence is the threat Iraq faces from al Qaeda -- and the political failure of the Iraqi government 's approach to fighting it . Back in 2007 , thousands of Iraqi Sunnis fought with the U.S. against al Qaeda . But rather than working with mainstream Sunni political groups to build a united front against violent jihadis , the Baghdad government has treated the former as a political threat . This was epitomized by a death sentence passed against a Sunni former vice-president , Tariq Al Hashemi , in 2012 for allegedly organizing death squads , when Shia politicians who have headed militias have been accommodated politically  notably , the Badr Brigade , with a long record of sectarian violence , were absorbed into the national police  . Protesters in Sunni-majority provinces have called for changes to terrorism and de-Baathification laws that they say treat all Sunnis as potential suspects . Both Syria and Iraq are rife with case studies of the ways in which human beings can be radicalized and brutalized . Perhaps Westerners find it easier to blame nebulous "  cultural " factors than to imagine that we , too , could turn to violence and extremes if the states around us collapsed , and if we found ourselves in constant insecurity , with only sectarian or ethnic groups , and their militias , prepared to provide us with protection and services . But there is a need to refocus on Iraq , as part of a broader strategy towards addressing the complex and interconnected problems across the Middle East , though that will take more time and resources than continuing to lurch from crisis to crisis .	Iraq violence is news if the day 's deaths are "  only " in the tens , says Jane Kinninmont Violence between Sunni and Shia factions has stoked fears of regional conflict , she adds Personal animosity between Iraq and Saudi Arabia does n't help resolution - Kinninmont Iraq 's second problem is that regional powers vie for influence , she argues
CNN  -- President Barack Obama wrapped up a European trip dominated by Russia 's annexation of Crimea by shifting the focus of the U.S. and allied response to helping Ukraine rather than confronting Moscow . "  I 've been very clear in saying that we are going to do everything we can to support Ukraine and the Ukrainian people , " Obama said Thursday at his final European news conference of the trip , this time in Rome with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi . "  But I think it 's also important for us not to promise and then not to be able to deliver . " While Obama pledged tougher sanctions on Russia if President Vladimir Putin continued his expansionist ways , he emphasized steps that do n't involve the Russians -- such as Thursday 's announcement that the International Monetary Fund would lend Ukraine up to $ 18 billion . IMF steps in "  There are ways for us to hopefully influence Russian decision-making and one of the most important things we can do on that front is make sure that the Ukrainian government is stable , that its finances are stable , and their elections go forward as currently scheduled , " Obama said , adding that "  we are going to have to put a lot of resources and a lot of effort " to make all that happen . While Renzi and other European leaders have pledged a unified response to any further Russian expansion efforts , questions remain about whether Germany , Britain and other nations with significant economic ties to Russia would join in threatened sanctions targeting major sectors of the Russian economy . The Obama administration has made the threat of such escalating sanctions the centerpiece of its efforts to get Russia to draw down tens of thousands of troops near the Ukraine border and negotiate with Kiev on territorial issues and ensuring the rights of ethnic Russians in Ukraine . Obama acknowledged Thursday that expanding sanctions to target Russia 's financial services , energy , mining , defense and engineering industries would impact U.S. and European companies that do business with Russia in the connected global economy . He hinted at the potential difficulty in getting agreement with European allies on tougher measures . Possible expanded sanctions "  Hopefully we can design sanctions that minimize the impact on American companies or Italian companies and maximize the impact on Russian entities , " Obama said , later adding : "  Hopefully we do n't have to use them . " "  We 're continually hopeful Russia walks through the door of diplomacy and works with all of us to try to resolve this issue in a peaceful way , " he said . Obama was much more expansive on efforts to help Ukraine , calling the IMF loan agreement announced Thursday "  a major step forward " that required political courage because of required reforms aimed at ending a culture of corruption in the nation 's governance and economy . "  It 's a concrete signal of how the world is united with Ukraine as it makes tough choices at a difficult time , " Obama said . He called on Congress to pass an economic assistance package for Ukraine , something the Senate did minutes later to signal a likely compromise with the House on a final version expected to win approval this week . Time to hold Russia accountable for its aggression Asked by reporters about cuts to military spending by European allies as part of austerity measures , Obama said there was a limit . Military spending cuts "  We ca n't have a situation where the United States is consistently spending 3 % of GDP on defense , most of that on Europe if we have continuing crises going on in Europe , " while European nations spend just 1 % on defense , he said . Standing next to Obama , Renzi made an impassioned argument that decisions such as military spending and supporting NATO allies involves much more than money . The most important value , he said , was "  the ideal of democracy and freedom . " Asked if Italy would fully contribute to aiding any threatened NATO ally , Renzi said "  the answer is easy , yes . " Before Obama met with Renzi and toured well-known cultural attractions such as the Colosseum , he went to the Vatican for talks with Pope Francis that he said focused on how to help the disadvantaged . "  The theme that stitched our conversation together was a belief that in politics and in life , the quality of empathy -- the ability to stand in someone else 's shoes and care for them even if they do n't look like you , talk like you or share your philosophy -- that it 's critical , " Obama said in response to a question by CNN 's Jim Acosta . Without mentioning the Ukraine crisis , he continued by noting that "  it 's the lack of empathy that makes it very easy for us to plunge into wars . " Obama has said Russia has legitimate concerns in Crimea , which has an ethnic Russian majority and is home to a vital Russian naval base . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama , European leaders pledge unity against Russian expansion NEW : Obama says stronger sanctions on Russia will impact U.S. companies NEW : NATO allies have to spend more on defense , Obama says NEW : Italy 's Prime Minister pledges support for NATO response to Russia
CNN  -- Saying that "  the darkest corners of the Internet " pose a real threat to children , British Prime Minister David Cameron on Monday rolled out a plan that would , by default , block pornography on most computers , smartphones and tablets . British wireless and Internet providers have agreed to put adult-content filters on phones , public Wi-Fi networks and home computers in the coming months . By the end of the year , the filters will become the default setting for anyone setting up broadband Internet service at home , Cameron said . "  I 'm not making this speech because I want to  moralize  or scare-monger , but because I feel profoundly as a politician , and as a father , that the time for action has come , " Cameron said . "  This is , quite simply , about how we protect our children and their innocence . " All of those filters could be deactivated by those who can "  prove " they are 18 or older , Cameron said . The plan is the result of a monthslong effort by Cameron to restrict access to Internet porn . He has called Google and other search companies into meetings , demanding they do more to hide porn from children , and appointed Parliament member Claire Perry as a special adviser targeting the issues . The plan will require no action from Parliament because service providers and other Web companies are participating voluntarily . Some already provide service with porn filters as their default settings . Not surprisingly , Web freedom advocates and other critics were quick to decry the plan . For one , many say effective Web filters simply do n't exist . "  As a technological feat , it would be utterly impossible , " columnist Andy Dawson wrote in the Daily Mirror , a nationwide tabloid frequently critical of Cameron 's Conservative Party . "  His porn shield speech today , and the proposals that are in it are the deranged ravings of someone who has decided that something must be done , has decided what it is , but does n't  realize  that it is n't actually feasible . He 's got just as much chance of banning  gray  clouds while giving us all access to the nice white , fluffy ones . " Critics say that automated filtering technology inevitably allows offensive material through accidentally as well as creating "  false positives " that block inoffensive content . Others , such as BBC technology correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones , say default-on filters can create a false sense of security among parents , who could become more lax in monitoring their children 's online behavior . The Internet service providers that have signed off on the plan provide service to roughly nine out of 10 households in Great Britain . In his speech , Cameron cited a two-pronged problem : the online exploitation of children through child pornography and the easy access children have to otherwise legal pornography at an early age . "  In one we 're talking about illegal material , the other legal material that is being viewed by those who are underage , " he said . "  But both these challenges have something in common . They are about how our collective lack of action on the Internet has led to harmful -- and in some cases truly dreadful -- consequences for children . " The prime minister announced an effort to expand and streamline currently fragmented child-porn databases and a new interpretation of law that will make porn depicting rape illegal . He also announced a new "  Family Friendly Wi-Fi " label that will allow hotels , restaurants and other businesses to advertise that the Web access they provide has porn filters enabled . Two recent British murder trials in which the defendants were each said to have viewed images of child sexual abuse online have heightened public concern over the issue . One case was that of April Jones , a 5-year-old girl whose disappearance last year in a remote part of Wales sparked a huge search . Mark Bridger was found guilty of her murder in May , but her body has still not been found . The other was the murder of a 12-year-old girl , Tia Sharp , by her grandmother 's partner . Cameron said he had met with the parents of those two girls on Friday . "  Protecting the most vulnerable in our society , protecting innocence , protecting childhood itself -- that is what is at stake , " Cameron said . "  And I will do whatever it takes to keep our children safe . "	British Prime Minister David Cameron is cracking down on Internet porn Cameron wants the UK 's Internet service providers to filter out porn by default To access pornography on home computers , users would have to opt in Critics of the plan say effective Web filters simply do n't exist
CNN  -- Bolton Wanderers manager Owen Coyle revealed Tuesday he had held a "  brief conversation " with stricken Fabrice Muamba after the soccer star suffered a cardiac arrest during a match on Saturday . The 23-year-old collapsed on the pitch during a clash with Tottenham Hotspur in the English FA Cup and was rushed to the London Chest Hospital after a prolonged period of treatment on the turf . Muamba 's condition improved on Monday when it was confirmed he was breathing without a ventilator and able to respond to questions appropriately . And Coyle , who has visited his player several times a day , reported that he had been able to converse with Muamba . Pinto : Is Muamba collapse a wake-up call for football ? "  I 've been into see him myself , as have his close family members , and had a conversation , a few words exchanged , that will remain private , which is a great sign , " he told reporters . "  But I must stress it 's still very early in the process , the doctors have stressed that point . Fabrice still has a long way to go but it is encouraging signs . "  I 've spoken to Shauna his partner and his dad Marcel about it and where we all were on Saturday night certainly at this stage I would never have expected the improvement that 's come . "  I have to mention the support he has had from countries all over the world . The qualities he has as a man , football pales into insignificance but he is an outstanding young individual and we pray he gets back to that level again . " Even though the treatment given to Muamba at Tottenham 's White Hart Lane ground is widely credited with helping to save his life , the English Premier League said they are to review medical procedures in the wake of the 23-year-old 's collapse . ` Muamba collapse proves I was right to quit the game , ' says ex pro Chairman Richard Scudamore told a sports industry event that an incident involving goalkeeper Petr Cech in 2006 , which saw the Czech Republic international fracture his skull , had been a wake up call for the football authorities . Chelsea made an official complaint to the Premier League that there was no ambulance on hand to transfer Cech to hospital in the wake of his serious injury . In quotes carried by AFP Scudamore said : "  Incidents and events shape policy , shape developments , shape progress . There are no guarantees but we will do whatever we can to improve . "  What we will certainly be doing is looking at every aspect of what happened and if there are ways and means of improving , if there are ways and means of making it better in the future - just like we did in 2006-07 following the Petr Cech incident . "  We will do everything we can to make sure we reduce to the point of elimination , if we possibly can , things like that . " Coyle again paid tribute to the medical teams that treated Muamba at the ground and the staff at the hospital , saying the player 's family wanted to stress how touched they were by the worldwide support he had received . Muamba grew up in the Democratic Republic of Congo . He came to England as an 11-year-old when his family fled civil war in the country . When asked if Muamba could make a full recovery Coyle replied : "  That 's something -LSB- doctors -RSB- have said has happened before but every case is individual . Fears for stricken soccer player Muamba 's recovery "  But we 've said before the two things Fabrice has that can help is that he is such a fit young man and the life he 's had he 's had to fight every step of the way along his young journey . Those things will stand him in good stead . " He said Bolton 's players , most of whom had visited Muamba since Saturday evening , could be back in training on Wednesday . Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp said on Tuesday he feared the worst for Muamba when he collapsed , especially as he had previously coached the late Mark Vivien-Foe , who died of a heart attack while playing for Cameroon in 2003 . "  I signed Mark , I brought him to England , he played at West Ham for me . He was a fantastic boy . When you saw -LSB- doctors -RSB- pumping -LSB- Muamba 's -RSB- chest you feared for the worst but the medical assistance was amazing , " he told a press conference . "  It 's affected everybody who saw it . It was an unbelievable incident , we 've never seen anything like that before . "  The last few days , you ca n't get the lad out of your mind , what happened . But the news is positive so we keep our fingers crossed . "  One or two people came down from the crowd , a top cardiologist came down and helped as well so he could n't have had better support . "	Bolton manager Owen Coyle says he has had a brief chat with Fabrice Muamba Coyle keen to stress it is still early in midfielder 's recovery from cardiac arrest Hospital say Muamba had a comfortable night on Monday as recovery continues Premier League vow to review medical procedures after Muamba 's collapse
CNN  -- A Somali terror leader implored his fellow countryman in California to send money ` to finance jihad , " triggering a chain of events that ended with four convictions . U.S. government agents recorded dozens of such calls a few years ago , according to the Department of Justice . And on Friday , a jury found four Somali nationals guilty of supporting terrorism in their native country . The verdict came after prosecutors played the recordings to jurors in a San Diego federal court during weeks of trial . The four , who included an imam and a cab driver , had raised $ 10,000 and wired it to the Islamist terrorist group Al-Shabaab , according to the original indictment . Cab driver Basaaly Saeed Moalin had many phone conversations with former Al-Shabaab leader Aden Hashi Ayrow , before a U.S. missile strike ended the latter 's life in May 2008 . Investigators from the FBI , Homeland Security and a San Diego anti-terror agency recorded dozens of them . Federal prosecutors filed charges in November 2011 . The group pleaded not guilty . But the recordings convinced the jurors otherwise . Read the case file  pdf The money was n't coming fast enough for Ayrow , who implored Moalin in at least one recorded call to hurry it up . "  You are running late with the stuff , " Ayrow told him . "  Send some , and something will happen . " Ayrow pushed the cab driver to get his local imam to come up with some funds . Mohamed Mohamed Mohamud ran the City Heights mosque in San Diego , which many in the Somali community attended . Together with a second cab driver , Ahmed Nasiri Taalil Mohamud , and an employee at a money transfer company , Issa Doreh , they raised the cash and wired it to Al-Shabaab , the Justice Department said . It was n't the only favor Moalin did for the terror group . Moalin had kept a house in Somalia 's capital Mogadishu , one of the world 's most embattled cities at the time . He offered to let the terrorists use it , the Department of Justice said . "  After you bury your stuff deep in the ground , you would , then , plant trees on top , " Moalin told Ayrow in a recorded conversation . Prosecutors argued he was "  offering a place to hide weapons . " For months , they talked about "  bullets , bombing and Jihad , " said U. S. Attorney Laura E. Duffy . After hearing the recordings , the jury no longer bought the defendants ' explanation that they "  were actually conversations about their charitable efforts for orphans and schools , " she said . Sentencing is scheduled for May 16 . Al-Shabaab is one of about 50 groups that have been designated by the State Department as foreign terrorist organizations . The Islamist extremists have been waging a war against Somalia 's government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia . In recent years , Somali and African Union troops , who have received funding from the U.S. government , have won many battles against the terror group , pushing it back to a handful of strongholds . For more than 20 years , Somalia did not have a stable government , and fighting between the rebels and government troops added to the impoverished east African nation 's humanitarian crisis . In January , the United States granted official recognition to the Somali government in Mogadishu .	San Diego jury convicts four Somalis after hearing recorded phone calls with terror leader Federal agents record dozens of calls over months Prosecutor : They talked about "  bullets , bombings and Jihad " The defendants said the conversations were about charity for orphans
CNN  -- Rush joined the likes of Aerosmith , The Doors and James Taylor on Thursday when the trio was -- finally -- inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Having been eligible for a nomination since 1998 , the honor was a long time coming for Rush and loyal fans of the Canadian band . "  This is a little overwhelming for a nice Jewish boy from Toronto , " lead vocalist Geddy Lee said before thanking "  the most passionate , most dedicated , incredible fan base around the globe . " Guitarist Alex Lifeson delivered an acceptance speech consisting entirely of different speeds and intonations of the words "  blah blah blah , " which still somehow managed to convey the story of being surprised that the band was finally being inducted and thanking the fans for all of their support . Even backstage Lifeson did n't speak another word . "  Believe me , that 's a blessing , " Lee said . Randy Newman , Heart , Albert King , Donna Summer and Public Enemy also joined the exclusive club on Thursday . "  Once again , thank you guys for inducting Public Enemy into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , " said Hank Shocklee , a member of the group 's production team , the Bomb Squad who along with group frontman rapper Chuck D. helped create the Public Enemy sound . "  Our mission was basically to inspire , to teach , to do something that we have n't done in music , or even in the rap game , was to bring about a unity , a collective effort , so that we can fight the power . " Singer Harry Belafonte Jr. , praised Public Enemy for changing "  everything about the emerging urban musical force called rap . " He applauded group members Chuck D , Flavor Flav , Terminator X , Professor Griff and DJ Lord for using the medium at their disposal to speak the truth and "  inspire others to take on the forces of oppression that separate us and try to suffocate progressive and radical thought . " Flavor Flav , who wore a white tuxedo identical to his son 's , acknowledged his trademark accessory during his lengthy acceptance speech . This is the "  last night that you see me wearing this particular clock , yes , because ... this is going into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , " he said pointing to the clock , with a white bezel and black face , that was hanging around his neck . He quickly added : "  Yes , I will put another clock on , y' all know that . " There were performances by the inductees and musical tributes like the Foo Fighters performing in full Rush regalia of white satin and wigs , Usher singing Michael Jackson 's "  Rock With You " and Jennifer Hudson performing some of Donna Summer 's biggest hits including "  Bad Girls . " The show ended with all the inductees together onstage for a super-jam finale . Though the ceremony took place in Los Angeles , Boston was on everyone 's mind , including Neil Diamond 's , in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombing . "  For some strange reason , Sweet Caroline has become an anthem in Boston , and I give them the song with my heart , and I hope it offers some comfort to them right now , " Diamond told CNN . Soundgarden 's Chris Cornell told CNN that the tragedy in Boston scares him as a father . "  It could happen on my block , " he said . "  Sometimes I 'm not home , sometimes I 'm touring . ... To me , it 's maddening . I want to get angry about it , but that 's the whole point . They want people to get angry about it and to get violent and become like them , and we ca n't do that . " The ceremony will be broadcast on May 18 on HBO . CNN 's Denise Quan and Abbey Goodman contributed to this report .	Rush was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on Thursday The band has been eligible for a nomination since 1998 Randy Newman , Heart , Albert King , Donna Summer and Public Enemy also inducted
CNN  -- Watching Brad Friedel being put through his paces at Tottenham Hotspur 's training facility in Chigwell , Essex , you could be forgiven for thinking he was a lot younger than his 40 years . But the veteran American goalkeeper , who is coming to the end of his first season with the English Premier League club , has no plans to hang up his gloves just yet . "  I enjoy playing football so much that I try to keep disciplined . I do yoga -- I 've done that for eight or nine years now , " he told CNN World Sport . Friedel 's fitness levels have allowed him to notch up over 450 appearances in England 's top division in a career spanning 15 years and four clubs : Liverpool , Blackburn Rovers , Aston Villa and Spurs . He has not missed an EPL game in almost eight seasons . Footballers ' health has rarely been out the headlines in recent weeks after Bolton Wanderers ' Fabrice Muamba collapsed at White Hart Lane in the FA Cup quarterfinal against Spurs last month . Although he was n't on the pitch that day , the incident left Friedel in shock and disbelief . "  Here you have a 23-year-old , an incredibly fit footballer that collapses and goes into cardiac arrest and then 72 hours later you start to hear about the miracle , and it gave everyone a lift . " Inevitably , the incident brought the issue of heart-screening of footballers to the fore , but Friedel is confident that procedures in place are already pretty good . "  I think it 's going to be better at some clubs than others . When I came here I was fully screened , also at Aston Villa and Blackburn . I think we have to take into consideration as well that these things just happen sometimes , " Friedel said . "  Take what happened to my good friend Stiliyan Petrov  Aston Villa player who was recently diagnosed with acute leukemia  -- that was n't something that was openly going to be detected years prior . Hopefully they 've caught it really early . " The most heartening aspect of both stories has been the positive response , he said . "  The great thing about football is that it can bring everyone together and help do a lot of good around the world . " It 's nearly two decades since Ohio-born Friedel left his homeland in search of a professional career abroad . "  Soccer in the United States has come a million miles from when I started . There was n't a professional league back then , " he said . "  We all got scholarships into university if you were good enough and then if you were one of the lucky ones you would get into the youth national team . Then , if you were really fortunate , you got a chance to play overseas . " Friedel will return to the U.S. in mid-year as Tottenham embark upon a preseason tour , with friendlies lined up against LA Galaxy and the New York Red Bulls . "  I think the style of soccer we 've played over the years and especially since Harry  Redknapp  took over , has gone down well in the U.S. , " he says . "  We 're one of the teams people really enjoy watching and hopefully with the branding efforts we 'll become bigger in the States . " But for now , Friedel and Spurs have more pressing matters to attend to with European Champions League qualification to secure . The club are currently lying fourth in the table , the final qualifying spot in the EPL , having dropped from third place after a poor run of results . "  It 's very important that we 're in the Champions League next year ... to attract the best players from around the world . It will be a disappointment if we do n't . I think the gaffer would say the same . "	Veteran Tottenham goalkeeper Brad Friedel talks to CNN 's Pedro Pinto The 40-year-old American says his desire to play is as strong as ever He says Fabrice Muamba 's recovery after collapse gave everyone a lift Recent health scares have shown "  how football can bring people together "
The DEA is launching an investigation into claims that NFL players illegally have been given powerful painkillers , among other prescription drugs , to keep them on the field , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . The federal drug enforcement agency is looking into records pertaining to the distribution of prescription drugs handed out to players by trainers and doctors , the source added . Those records would include documented visits and examinations by doctors , diagnoses and authorized prescriptions written for players . The investigation is described as being in its "  early stages . " The DEA would not respond Monday to inquiries specifically on the NFL . Agency spokeswoman Erin Mulvey in New York told CNN , "  We can not confirm or deny the existence of any investigation . " Depending on what is found , the case could become a civil and/or criminal case with doctors potentially going to jail if convicted of drug-related offenses . In part , the investigation was prompted by a class-action lawsuit filed in May , 2013 in federal court by nine named retired NFL players representing 1,300 others who claim the NFL "  intentionally , recklessly , and negligently created and maintained a culture of drug misuse , substituting players ' health for profit , " according to court documents . The players ' suit accuses NFL trainers of handing out pills without prescriptions and without regard to possible dangerous interactions with other drugs . The named players in the lawsuit include former Chicago Bears quarterback Jim McMahon who , according to the lawsuit , says he got hooked on painkillers taking as many as 100 Percocet pills a month . "  Our more than 1300 clients welcome any government investigation which aims to protect them from further harm , " Steve Silverman , attorney for the plaintiffs suing the NFL , said in a statement to CNN . NFL Senior Vice President of Communications Greg Aiello said in a statement Monday that "  we are unaware of any such investigation . " It 's unclear at this point whether subpoenas have been prepared during this phase of the investigation . The story was originally reported by the New York Daily News . $ 8 million worth of heroin seized , some bags stamped ` NFL '	The probe was prompted in part by a class-action lawsuit That suit claims that the NFL "  maintained a culture of drug misuse " The league was "  substituting players ' health for profit , " the suit says
CNN  -- Your phone 's confiscated . Your fingerprints are taken . You 're going to prison . But do n't worry , it 's just for lunch . The Clink Charity opened its third restaurant this week inside Brixton Prison in south London . The meals are cooked and served by actual prisoners at restaurants located inside prison walls as part of a training and qualification program to help them prepare for life on the outside . The venue is the third to open under the scheme , joining enterprises at Cardiff Prison in Wales and High Down Prison in Surrey . The prison restaurants are open to the public from Monday to Friday , for breakfast and lunch . "  The Clink at HMP Brixton is n't simply a new restaurant opening in London , " says Chris Moore , chief executive at The Clink Charity . "  We 're offering a credible solution to a major skills shortage within the industry as well as tackling the problem of re-offending . " The new London restaurant will serve a compact menu of upscale European food . There are also five meeting rooms for working lunches for up to 24 people . Guest treatment The career history of the chefs and the prison environs are n't the only unique traits . Booking at one of the Clink Restaurants must be done at least 48 hours in advance and guests must be 18 years or older . Passports or other form of ID is needed to gain entry , and phones , cameras , large bags , laptops and sharp items are prohibited . You 're not even allowed to bring in more than $ 80 in cash -- payment for the meal is done by check or prearranged invoice . You 'll have your fingerprints and photo taken and may be subject to "  routine searching . " "  This would be similar to what you might expect in an airport , " the guidelines and security procedures state . The heavy rules apparently are n't putting people off . Some 18,000 people ate at The Clink Restaurants in Cardiff and High Down last year , according to the organization , paying around $ 35 per head for three courses and a coffee . How it works The charity started in 2009 as the brainchild of Alberto Crisci , previously a chef at the Mirabelle restaurant in Mayfair , London  closed since 2008  . He 's now the brand and training director for the project . High Down Prison is a category B prison  in the UK , category A prisons are most secure , category D facilities are "  open prisons "  , and as such requires special measures . Diners need to be approved in advance by the Home Office , the cutlery is plastic and no alcohol is served . In almost every other respect , it 's a restaurant comparable to any other in London . Brixton is a category C prison while Cardiff is a category D . The restaurant at Cardiff is attached to the prison , rather than within its walls . Chefs and servers involved in these projects are all prisoners with between six and 18 months of their sentences remaining . Trainees work full-time -- a 40-hour week -- studying toward nationally recognized City & Guilds National Vocational Qualifications  NVQ  in food preparation , front-of-house service and industrial cleaning , before returning to their cells in the evening . The Brixton addition is the third of what will eventually be 10 prison restaurants across the UK within the next three years . "  The Clink Charity , in partnership with HMPS , plans to have 10 training sites in operation across the prison estate by 2017 , " says Moore . So far they 're working . According to the December 2012 edition of Bromley Briefings Prison Factfile , in 2011 12.5 % of graduates of The Clink program re-offended . The national average was 47 % . But it 's not cheap . Crisci raised more than Â # 300,000  $ 500,000  in private funding to start the project . And it 's not yet profitable . "  Each Clink restaurant operates at a loss of circa Â # 150,000  $ 250,000  per year due to them being training restaurants and the mentoring work which is provided to the graduates for six to 12 months after their release , " says Moore . "  We receive financial support from philanthropic individuals , HMPS and the government . "  This , and the money from people dining in the restaurant and the purchasing of Clink products , helps to reduce the deficit . " The food Locally grown and sourced ingredients are used whenever possible . The meats at Brixton Prison come from a local butcher , for example , while High Downs Prison supplies many of the vegetables used in the project from its own farm . Prisoners at High Down also get to apply to work toward an NVQ in Horticulture and Gardening . Dishes are contemporary and European in provenance , and the menu changes every quarter or for special events . Sample dishes for Brixton Prison include hot crab and smoked mackerel pancake rolls , herb crusted pork chops and woodland wild mushroom and artichoke lasagne . Further rehabilitation projects Guardian columnist and convicted murderer Erwin James supports the charity . James was released in 2004 after serving 20 years of a life sentence . "  For me , there can never be enough rehabilitative initiatives in our prisons . Rehabilitation means fewer potential victims of released prisoners , " he tells CNN via email . "  It 's just a shame the government relies on charities such as The Clink to provide those initiatives . "  The Clink restaurants vastly increase the likelihood that those who take part will discover , or rediscover , the satisfaction of having a skill to provide a service that makes them feel good about themselves . " There are other charity restaurant schemes in the UK . In 2002 , Jamie Oliver opened his first Fifteen restaurant in London to train unemployed young people as apprentice chefs . Fifteen restaurants have subsequently opened in Amsterdam and Cornwall . The Brigade seeks to help those who have experienced or are at risk of homelessness in London . But for some , the cost of running these schemes is too high . The Hoxton Apprentice , opened in London in 2004 , closed in 2012 as the charity behind the project went into administration . The Clink Charity has no plans to expand beyond the UK . The Clink Restaurants  Brixton , Cardiff and High Downs  are available for booking at The Clink Charity .	Clink Restaurant Brixton is third and latest prison dining experience to open in UK Clink Charity plans to open another seven across UK prisons Diners undergo stringent security checks , including fingerprinting and possible pat downs
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country , lashing out against President Dilma Rousseff as she struggles with an economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal . The demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached . On the other side Rousseff 's base is holding rallies in her support . There are a number of issues at play . One of the biggest : an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company Petrobras . Petrobras was long considered the corporate jewel in Brazil 's crown , one of the biggest companies in the world by market capitalization . But last year , investigators launched a sweeping investigation . According to suspects-turned-witnesses , construction companies paid bribes to executives at Petrobras as well as politicians to secure lucrative contracts . Most of the politicians accused in the investigation belong to the President 's Workers Party and its allies . During many of the years that the alleged corruption took place , Rousseff was the chairwoman of Petrobras . There has n't been any evidence she was involved with the scheme , and her supporters say the position is merely a figurehead . Rousseff has defended Brazilians ' right to protest and acknowledged the need to clean up corruption at Petrobras -- but denied any prior knowledge of it . But Brazilians are still outraged . Rousseff won re-election with just over 50 % of valid votes in October , but her approval rating plummeted to 13 % after the protests last month . Compounding the frustration is the economy , which is expected to contract this year . Inflation is stubbornly high , and the currency has lost more than 20 % of its value against the dollar this year alone . Both sides are . The country was already sharply divided during presidential elections in October . Roughly half of the voting population did n't vote for Rousseff , and many of those same people joined protests immediately after elections . Rousseff 's supporters like to characterize the protesters as Brazilian elite and right-wingers , and some small groups do carry signs calling for a military intervention to oust the President . But with the Petrobras scandal growing and the economy sinking , the protests have gotten bigger and broader , with many demonstrators saying they initially voted for Rousseff . Protesters say Rousseff should be impeached for failing to halt the corruption at Petrobras . On the other hand , labor unions , social activists and groups such as the Landless Workers Movement who support the government have organized their own marches . The demonstrations are meant as a show of force for democracy , with participants saying the President was democratically elected and can not be impeached . But participation has not been consistently strong . The President has said Petrobras should be cleaned up . Has she done anything about it ? She says she 's given prosecutors and the Federal Police free rein to investigate the Petrobas scandal . Some of her allies who have been implicated in the investigation think Rousseff should do more to protect them . This scandal has been known publicly for at least a year , and during Rousseff 's election campaign , she said she would root out corruption . The Brazilian economy was booming for the good part of a decade , bolstered by voracious demand for its commodities from China . But with China 's economy cooling , Brazil has failed to find a successful alternative to promote growth and shore up investor confidence . Now , with the President 's approval rating abysmally low , it will be difficult to implement the savings needed to get the economy back on track . Rousseff has appointed a market-friendly economy minister , Joaquim Levy , to try and fix the country 's fiscal problems . But in the current political crisis , he has n't been able to make much progress .	Protesters angry over bribery scandal involving state-run oil company Petrobras Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff also is struggling with an economic downturn
CNN  -- Five days of gunbattles between the Indian army and separatist militants in Indian-administered Kashmir have left at least 25 dead -- eight Indian army troopers , including one officer , and 17 militants , the Indian military said Tuesday . An Indian army soldier lays a wreath during the funeral of a slain soldier , northeast of Srinagar on Tuesday . Defense Minister A.K. Antony , meeting with India 's military chiefs in Delhi , reviewed the situation in the Himalayan region and told the Army to deal with the situation in the Himalayan region with "  utmost firmness . " Kashmir has been in the throes of a violent separatist campaign for nearly two decades during which authorities say 43,000 people have been killed . However , various NGOs and rights groups put the number of dead at twice the official count . In Srinigar , Kashmir , Army spokesman Lt. Col. J.S. Brar told CNN the Army was moving against the militants "  based on sound intelligence inputs as well as human intelligence provided by our own sources . " The battles in the Shamsbhari forests of north Kashmir Kupwara district have caused "  minimum collateral damage to property , " Brar said . The spokesman denied media reports that helicopter gunships and heavy weapons had been used by the army during these operations against the militants . This month 's encounter between the Indian Army and the militants is the second longest in Kashmir this year . In January , a fierce encounter raged for seven days in the Poonch district of Jammu region of Indian-administered Kashmir . Two soldiers , a policeman and four militants were killed in that encounter . Kashmir has been the source of bitter dispute and two wars between India and neighboring Pakistan . Both control parts of the region which is predominantly Muslim .	NEW : 25 dead in Kashmir gunfights between Indian troops , separatist militants Incident comes after India accuses Pakistani troops of firing on Indian troops Kashmir has been in throes of separatist campaign for 20 years
CNN  -- The period since September 11 , 2001 , will never be described by any historian as a golden age of U.S. foreign policy . I know . I have just written a history on it , and it 's not pretty . Since 9/11 , the United States has swung unsettlingly from one set of flawed policies to another . First , the unilateralist excess of the first term of the Bush administration ; its signature error was the invasion of Iraq . Then , the reactive swing of Barack Obama , toward disengagement and dithering . In a tragic irony , a war in Iraq may someday also be seen as the enduring symbol of his errors . Some of the nation 's problems come from nearly 15 years of a heightened sense of vulnerability . We 're frayed and on edge and have let dysfunctional politics get ahead of national interests . But others are tied to human errors that can be fixed . The genius of the U.S. system is that it is built to change . Obama finds himself at the end of a string of errors of judgment and execution . These have contributed to damaged relations or crises ranging from those in Syria and Iraq to Libya to Egypt and Israel , from Ukraine to Afghanistan to Africa . They include crises at our own borders and strained relations with our allies over NSA eavesdropping . But Obama is not condemned to further errors . What he does need to produce constructive change however , is a quality rare and vital in any leader : the ability to recognize when one has made mistakes . Who to turn to as a model ? The best example may well be George W. Bush himself . Because whatever mistakes Bush made in office -- and they were many -- in his second term , Bush recognized the urgent need for change and instituted a sweeping reordering of his administration , its policies and priorities . He replaced his chief of staff , secretaries of state , defense and Treasury , as well as his national security adviser , and he modified the role of the powerful vice president . He also changed his own engagement on key issues like Iraq , instituting weekly conference calls with his leaders on the ground . And he rewrote key policies , launching the surge in Iraq , initiating the "  light footprint " approach to fighting terror later adopted by Obama and responding to the financial crisis . In region after region , the results were better , including on social issues like fighting AIDS in Africa , in relations with allies , in results in war zones or in deals like the India nuclear accord . He also actively sought to bring new , outside perspectives into his second term team , a stark contrast to the Obama approach . Cabinet secretaries in Bush 's second term , such as Defense Secretary Robert Gates  later Obama 's defense secretary  or Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson or new military commanders he appointed had not been part of his inner circle . Bush 's willingness to admit errors and embrace change may have stemmed from his own failures and struggles earlier in life : as a congressional candidate , in the oil business , as a baseball team owner and even with alcohol . To get ahead , he had to acknowledge his shortcomings and fix them . He also turned this ability to see his way through tough times into a plus in another important role he embraced , that of a kind of coach-in-chief . Obama is seen as aloof from his Cabinet . All the Bush Cabinet members with whom I spoke told a strikingly different story . Ambassador James Jeffrey , who served as deputy national security adviser to Bush and then as Obama 's Iraq ambassador , tells a story of one top Bush economic official having a moment of crisis and doubt in the darkest days of the financial catastrophe . Jeffrey listened as Bush bucked up his aide , restoring his confidence , telling him he was the best person for the job , letting him know he would back him on key decisions . This was in stark contrast to the White House-centric Obama approach that has left Cabinet officers feeling sidelined . It is easy to dismiss such stories when viewed in the context of politics or the very real , and in some cases historically significant , errors of the Bush years . Still , if President Obama is to begin to grow in office , he would be wise to look beyond politically inspired caricatures to see what worked for the man who occupied the Oval Office before him . Obama has his own life experience , of course . He will never be like Bush , in ways both good and bad . But what he may see is that at a moment of comparable foreign policy strains and dysfunctions , Bush was not content to give up or to punt to the future or play the blame game . He knew that in the American system , big change is sometimes needed and that it would never happen unless he did what no one else could do : Stand up to himself -- the President of the United States -- and demand he admit his mistakes and lead administration-wide change from within .	David Rothkopf : Both Bush and Obama have overseen unsettled era of post 9/11 foreign policy Obama has made mistakes of judgment , execution , but in final 2 years he can change , he says How ? Take page from Bush . He cleaned Cabinet in term 2 , admitted errors , he says Rothkopf : Obama must create change from within his administration
CNN Student News  -- April 19 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day How might people respond differently to news coverage of past events that they remember versus events that happened before they were born ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . Authorities are investigating a pair of deadly terror bombings that occurred in what U.S. city ? * * 2 . Who wrote the poem "  The Road Not Taken " ? * * 3 . Bitcoin , which recently saw a dramatic drop in value , is a virtual type of what ? * * 4 . What insect , which emerges from underground every 13 or 17 years , is expected in large swarms along the eastern U.S. this spring ? * * 5 . In what body of water did the worst oil spill in U.S. history begin on April 20 , 2010 ? * * 6 . What Asian country is North Korea 's main ally ? * * 7 . Two letters intercepted in Washington , D.C. this week initially tested positive for what poison ? * * 8 . What Founding Father said , "  Nothing is certain but death and taxes " ? * * 9 . Who was the first African-American to play Major League Baseball in the 20th Century ? * * 10 . What national competition controversially added a vocabulary component to this year 's contest ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter praised South Korea 's bid to host the 2022 World Cup on Monday and said that the sport had the power to unite the divided northern and southern halves of the country . The hosts for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups will be announced by FIFA on 2 December , with Australia , Japan , Qatar and the U.S. also competing to host the 2022 competition . "  There is no doubt that Korea should be ready to organize a good World Cup , " Blatter told reporters at a joint press conference with South Korean president Lee Myung-Bak in the capital Seoul , after being awarded the country 's Order of Merit for Sports . "  Football is more than a game , as it has a socio-cultural impact and can therefore connect people all over the world . " South Korea were joint hosts of the 2002 World Cup with Japan , and the country 's team became the first from Asia to reach the semifinals of the tournament that year . At the 2010 World Cup in South Africa they reached the last 16 for the first time away from home , while North Korea took part in the event again after a 44-year absence . President Lee agreed with Blatter and said he believed football could bridge the gap between the North and South of the penninsula , which have been separated by a fortified border since conflict ended in a truce in the 1950 's . The chairman of the country 's bid committee Han Sung-Joo has also expressed his desire for North Korea to be involved in the bid , should it prove successful . "  FIFA and football play a very important role in fostering peace and friendship across the world , " Lee said . "  Football is the only common link which can unite the people of the two Koreas . Organizing the FIFA World Cup would bring a message of hope and peace not only to the Korean peninsula , but also to the world . "	Sepp Blatter said Korea 's bid to host 2022 World Cup could unite the divided North and South parts of the country FIFA president speaking in Seoul ahead of the announcement of the hosts for 2018 and 2022 events on 2 December South Korea hosted the 2002 World Cup with Japan President Lee Myung-Bak said football is the common link between the two Korea 's
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama told Americans he has all the justification he needs to fire missiles into Syria . "  I have the authority to address the threat from ISIL " he said in a primetime address on Wednesday . Where does he get it ? According to senior Obama administration officials it comes from a 13-year-old vote Congress took in the days after 9/11 known as the Authorization for the Use of Military Force  AUMF .  The vote authorized President George W. Bush to go after al Qaeda terrorists . Did Obama sell his ISIS strategy ? That one single vote , taken on September 14 , 2001 before Obama even got to Congress as a senator from Illinois , has been used to justify every American military action since , including now the fight against ISIS in Syria . But it may not actually provide Obama with all of the legal protection he needs this time . The discussion began with legal experts who have started to take issue with applying the AUMF to the ISIS situation . It will likely become a bigger discussion in Congress in the coming days . At the crux of the debate -- what exactly is ISIS ' relationship to al Qaeda ? Here 's the breakdown . What 's the Obama administration claiming ? The Obama administration argues that because ISIS formed out of an al Qaeda affiliate , Obama 's plan is legal under the AUMF . "  We believe that he can rely on the 2001 AUMF as statutory authority for the military airstrike operations he is directing against ISIL , for instance , " a senior administration official told reporters on Wednesday , using another name for ISIS , which also calls itself the Islamic State . "  It 's important to note that ISIL has its roots in al Qaeda in Iraq ; it was formerly the al Qaeda affiliate operating in Iraq for many years after the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 , " the official said . 5 takeaways from Obama 's ISIS speech ISIS has its roots in al Qaeda -- it grew out of al Qaeda 's affiliate in Iraq , the al-Nusra Front -- but the groups split when some of ISIS ' tactics became too extreme for al Qaeda . Secretary of State John Kerry reiterated the connection in an interview with CNN 's Elise Labott on Thursday . "  Nobody has questioned the authority of that effort against al Qaeda over the last years . This group  ISIS  is and has been al Qaeda , " he said . But some legal scholars are skeptical . "  The statute that Congress passed in the wake of , and as a response to , the 9/11 attacks , read now so as to authorize the use of force in Iraq and Syria against ISIS -- a group that al-Qaeda expelled publicly ? It seems like quite a stretch , " Wells Bennett , a fellow in National Security Law for the Brookings Institution wrote on Wednesday . Democratic candidates finding distance from Obama on ISIS Where 's the legal line ? The question of whether the administration 's justification is legal is unclear because so far officials have n't explained the various intricacies of their argument , experts caution . "  This is really complicated legally , " Stephen Vladeck , a law professor at American University told CNN . "  The President 's speech  Wednesday  night and then the background briefings have n't reflected this nuance . Although the President is not bound to explain such nuances , I think it would be better for everybody , including the President , if the administration were more out front . " Ultimately , Vladeck says , the question of whether Obama is acting legally ca n't be answered until we see what specific actions he takes . "  Everyone 's talking about this issue in abstract terms . There are lots of different authorities that any president has when it comes to using force and the authority depends upon why that force specifically is being used . " James Foley 's mother ` appalled ' by how U.S. government handled her The law vs. the political optics If the President 's not acting in a matter consistent with the law , what happens then ? "  If the President is acting unlawfully , no one 's gon na sue him , " Vladeck noted . "  The remedy for a war powers violation is political , not legal . " In one sense , the politics are on Obama 's side . A CNN poll taken earlier this month , before Obama 's speech , found that a strong majority of Americans favor the type of expanded military actions outlined on Wednesday . Seventy-six percent of Americans support additional airstrikes against ISIS and 62 % favor providing military aid to the forces fighting the group , so it may be politically untenable for members of Congress to voice too much resistance to this plan . But the favorable polling does n't alter the bad relationship between the President and Congress . Despite the consensus on ISIS , passing a separate , ISIS specific statute that Obama could sign would be very difficult . "  The politics here are really problematic in two separate respects , " Vladeck notes . "  One is just the optics for the Obama administration . The other is the terribly toxic relationship between the President and Congress . Even if everyone in Washington agrees that there should be some sort of forward-looking new statute to combat ISIS -- that agreement is not going to produce a statute , where in any other context in American history , it would have . "	President Obama says his power to take military action comes from a 2001 vote Congress voted in days after 9/11 to give the President power to fight terrorism There 's a debate over whether that 13-year-old law applies to the fight with ISIS
CNN  -- Two disgruntled Louisiana newlyweds have called for the dismissal of a justice of the peace who refused to marry the interracial couple , and have even been joined in their fight by the governor , who said the official 's license should be revoked . The removal of embattled Justice of the Peace Keith Bardwell lies with the Louisiana Supreme Court . But unseating a Louisiana justice of the peace is n't easy . Beth and Terence McKay -- who are now married -- stepped into the national spotlight when Keith Bardwell , a justice of the peace for Tangipahoa Parish 's 8th Ward , refused them a license . Bardwell told Hammond 's Daily Star last week that he was concerned for the children who might be born of the relationship and that , in his experience , most interracial marriages do n't last . "  I 'm not a racist , " Bardwell told the newspaper . "  I do ceremonies for black couples right here in my house . My main concern is for the children . " Despite a national uproar and a call by Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal for him to lose his license , Bardwell , 56 , said he has no regrets . "  It 's kind of hard to apologize for something that you really and truly feel down in your heart you have n't done wrong , " he told CNN affiliate WAFB on Saturday . A state statute says justices of the peace may perform marriage ceremonies , but it does not require such officials to do so , Tammi Arender , a spokeswoman for the Louisiana attorney general , told CNN on Monday . To push for Bardwell 's removal , the McKays must look to the Louisiana Supreme Court . Justices of the peace in Louisiana are elected , but the state 's high court has jurisdiction over whether they can keep their jobs , Louisiana Supreme Court spokeswoman Valerie Willard said . The Judiciary Commission , a judicial body independent of the Supreme Court , has the power to review a case and make recommendations to the high court . After receiving a complaint , the Judiciary Commission would determine whether the grievance was frivolous . Anyone can file a complaint ; no attorney is needed , Willard said , though Beth McKay said she has retained one . The commission would proceed with an investigation if there were allegations of ethical misconduct , or arguments that the justice of the peace was in violation of professional responsibility , Willard said . An investigation could take months or even a year , Willard said . And with closed-door hearings and records of investigations kept confidential , it 's hard to tell how long the average investigation lasts . A lawyer from the Office of the Special Counsel , a branch of the commission , would prosecute the elected official , who would have an opportunity to defend himself . During the investigation , if the prosecutor could show the official was hindering the fair and due implementation of his job , the commission could suggest that the Louisiana Supreme Court enact a temporary suspension with pay . Barring such an incident , the justice of the peace could continue to oversee cases throughout the commission 's confidential investigation . If the nine-member commission , by majority decision , decided the official acted unethically , it would recommend sanctions to the court . Those recommendations and the commission 's findings would be public . Willard could not say whether Bardwell would be brought to the commission or what its decision would be . "  It 's up to the judges to interpret the law , " she said . If Bardwell were brought before the commission and it decided against him , recommended sanctions could include a public censure , suspension with or without pay , or removal . The court , after reviewing the commission 's findings , could follow the commission 's suggestions or opt for stronger or weaker sanctions . Or the seven-member court could decide the justice of the peace did not behave unethically , which would allow him to keep his job , Willard said .	State statute does n't require justices of peace to perform marriage ceremonies Power to oust justice of the peace rests with Louisiana Supreme Court Judiciary Commission would make recommendations to the court Supreme Court spokeswoman Valerie Willard : "  It 's up to the judges "
Washington  CNN  -- It feels like it went by in the blink of an eye . Tai Shan , the giant panda cub so many people have come to know and love , is about to board a flight to China . "  It 's very bittersweet . We love him . We love having him here , " said Erika Bauer , curator at the National Zoo in Washington . Tai Shan was born in the nation 's capital , so you can confidently call him a Washingtonian . But he is to be sent to China , under an agreement between the two nations , to help replenish the endangered species ' numbers in the wild . At 4 1/2 years old , Tai Shan is more of a panda adolescent than a cub , but to Tai Shan fans , he will always be their baby . "  We watched him as he grew up and it 's kind of sad to see him go , " said Kathleen Ryland of Highland , Maryland . Ryland brought her two children to say their goodbyes to Tai Shan at a farewell party at the National Zoo Saturday . Despite the snow falling on the panda exhibit , there were plenty of warm and fuzzy feelings about Tai Shan . "  He 's so cute . I 'll miss him , " said Claire Ryland , 7 . It 's often said that a visit to Washington is not complete without a stop at the zoo to see Tai Shan . Over the years , some have even gone as far to say that Tai Shan was Washington 's No. 1 resident -- even getting top billing over the president . Tai Shan will leave for China on Thursday via the "  FedEx Panda Express . " He 'll be joined by Mei Lan - a 3-year-old panda born at Zoo Atlanta in Georgia . Eventually , they will take part in a breeding program aimed at increasing the panda population . Giant pandas are currently on the endangered list . The National Zoo estimates that about 1,600 giant pandas are currently in the wild . Bauer says that 's all the more reason to say goodbye to Tai Shan . "  It 's very important to get Tai Shan into the breeding population to help conserve the species in general . This is a very good day for him , " she said .	Tai Shan , a 4-year-old giant panda , is to be delivered to China next week A farewell party was held at the National Zoo in Washington on Saturday He 'll be joined in China by Mei Lan -- a 3-year-old panda born at Zoo Atlanta in Georgia They will take part in a breeding program aimed at increasing China 's panda population
CNN  -- Preeti Varma was inconsolable after seeing her pet cat crushed to death at Delhi 's Indira Gandhi International Airport as the creature was loaded onto a flight to Singapore . "  You see a crowd forming round her but she is given no medical aid and no one does anything , " Varma says of the March 23 incident . Her grief soon turned to rage among tens of thousands of online pet lovers worldwide . The day after Varma 's cat , James Dean , died , a friend published online an open letter to Jet Airways , the international airline that had been carrying the cat . The letter demanded a full explanation and apology from the privately owned Indian airline and blasted its "  insensitive " handling of the tragedy and pet travel procedures . The blog post spread quickly across social media sites and within 24 hours had 20,000 hits from across the world . Hundreds of furious animal lovers also unleashed Twitter fury at Jet Airways , forcing the airline to issue two public statements on Facebook . Varma , 26 , a brand strategist , paid Rs 4,500  US$ 83  to fly her rescued Indian street cat called James Dean on her flight . She got engaged last August and moved to Singapore six months ago to be with her fiancÃ © but left her pet with friends in New Delhi while she sorted out the paperwork and quarantine . After check-in , Varma was asked to remove James Dean from the cage so it could be X-rayed . The cat immediately escaped Varma 's grip and scuttled under the machine . Half an hour later Varma got her cat back inside the IATA-approved cage . She added an extra wire on top , double checked it was locked and handed her to the staff . But her biggest nightmare came while waiting at the gate to board her 8.55 a.m. flight . Jet Airways staff approached her and informed her : "  The cage is empty . The cat is no more . " Shocked , she broke down in tears and refused to board the flight demanding to see her one-year-old kitty . After having her Duty Free bottle of gin confiscated , she was escorted back to check-in where she was handed her beloved cat 's corpse in its cage . Jet Airways staff then tried to escort her out of the airport but she demanded to see the CCTV footage . After waiting for two hours , she watched in horror as footage showed her cat jumping out of a luggage trolley onto the tarmac and being run over by a trolley coming in the opposite direction . "  She squirms a bit and then dies . Three airline staff stand around and they motion to a garbage man to pick her , " Varma says , speaking from Singapore . " He picks her up with newspaper by the neck and drops her into the cage . " More than 300 people have since signed a petition calling for better training of Jet Airways staff on handling pets and better infrastructure for pet travel . A Jet Airways spokesperson tells CNN.com : "  On close inspection of the container , it was observed that the wire mesh in the front of the container was bent outwards and pushed out of the main frame . "  It is inferred that the pet forced itself out of the container by pushing the wire mesh and thereby creating a gap for it to come free . " Varma insists negligence by Jet Airways caused the death of her cat . "  I think either the cage was thrown so violently onto the trolley that it snapped open , or someone let her out . There is no way my cat could have pushed the cage open by herself , " she says . Varma now wants Jet Airways to apologize not just for the incident but the "  insensitive way " she claims she was treated , being left alone shaking and crying for hours . She also wants the airline to tell her what steps they are taking to improve pet travel safety . "  I do n't want any compensation . They should make a donation to an animal organization , " she adds . "  They should have a vet present at the airport and an animal handler to accompany the pet to the aircraft . " The Jet Airways spokesperson says the airline has embarked on a global review of other airport and airline procedures . The spokesperson said : "  We sincerely regret the accidental demise of James Dean , pet cat of Ms. Preeti Varma . All our staff are fully conversant and trained in the process of handling household pets and necessary infrastructure is available at the airports to deal with such movements of pets . "  If the actions of any members of our team came across as insensitive we would like to assure that this was unintentional and to apologize to Ms. Varma . " International Pet Travel Consultant Anupama Vinayak , who runs pet relocation service Furry Flyers in India , which flies 40-50 pets in and out of India each month , said she had never heard of an incident like this . But she added : "  Pet travel is still in a very nascent stage in India . Airlines are trying to put their best foot forward but there still is a lot of room for improvement because India itself is not a very pet-friendly country , " she said .	Preeti Varma books to fly pet cat from New Delhi to Singapore The cat , named James Dean , escapes from cage and is hit by trolley Airline staff inform Varma , "  The cat is no more , " and confiscate her gin Friend posts Open Letter demanding apology from Jet Airways online which goes viral
A bipartisan congressional report has found a widespread problem with counterfeit electronic parts installed or purchased for use in American military systems around the world . Two U.S. senators said most of the bogus parts originate in China , according to an investigation by their staff . "  There 's a flood of counterfeit parts entering the defense supply chain , " Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , told reporters at a news conference Monday , "  it is endangering our troops and it is costing us a fortune . " Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain said the investigation documents the alarming "  threat counterfeit parts pose to the safety of our men and women in uniform , to national security and to our economy . " "  We ca n't tolerate the risk of a ballistic missile interceptor failing to hit its target , a helicopter pilot unable to fire his missiles , or any other mission failure because of a counterfeit part , " McCain said . A study by congressional staff found and examined about 1800 cases of suspected counterfeit electronic parts dating from 2009 to last year , totaling about a million individual components . Tracing the supply chain , 70 % of the components came through China , where a variety of methods were used to misrepresent the parts as new and genuine . Levin , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , Tuesday holds a hearing on the matter and says he will propose holding contractors accountable for the cost of flushing out bogus components . Both senators said the problem is partly the result of efforts in recent years to increase competition and lower the cost of supplying the military with spare parts to keep systems running . "  We have found in the past the $ 500 toilet seat , all of these things , when you rely on sole contractors . " McCain said . But they said leaders in China are another part of the problem . China blocked Senate investigators from a proposed trip to explore the production and sale of electronics coming from China , saying it was a sensitive matter that could hurt relations with the U.S. , the lawmakers told reporters . "  They have it backwards , " Levin said . "  They have the ability to stop this counterfeiting . It is being done in the open . We 'll show pictures tomorrow of where it 's being done . " "  They 're gon na have to stop it , or they 're gon na pay a heavy price if we start inspecting all of their parts that are coming into this country . " The two men cited several examples where taxpayers had to cover the cost of replacing questionable parts with genuine components . Levin said the military should make sure its suppliers would have to pay , instead . In one instance , counterfeit transistors were found in a Raytheon night vision system used on an anti-submarine helicopter , the failure of which could block the crew from seeing a target and aiming a missile . It would not affect flight capability . A more serious risk to flight involves the Air Force C-27J , which has a cockpit video display from the contractor L-3 . The company found suspected bogus memory chips , traced to China that could cause the display to fail and cause erroneous instrument readings . Boeing was the third company cited by the senators in the report they discussed ahead of Tuesday 's hearing . The contractor said its P-8A , a military version of a 737 , was found to have counterfeit ice detectors . One of them fell out and was rattling around inside the module on the airplane , according to documents from 2009 . Levin said "  If you put the onus on all of our contractors , which we should do , to make sure that the parts that are being supplied are legitimate parts , they will get that message back to their suppliers as well . " In addition to ranking executives from at least three U.S. defense contractors who will testify about the problem of bogus components installed in their systems , Tuesday 's hearing will include first-hand witness accounts of production , processing and packaging in China of questionable and counterfeit parts .	"  Shocking " amount of counterfeit electronic parts in U.S. military gear U.S. Sens. McCain and Levin preview Tuesday hearing on procurement National security at risk by unreliable fraudulent components , say lawmakers China refuses to cooperate after being implicated as source
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan agreed to spend 90 days in a "  locked in " drug rehab facility as part of a plea deal to settle criminal charges against her Monday . The actress entered pleas of no contest on two misdemeanor charges relating to a traffic accident last summer , and she did not challenge the finding that she violated her shoplifting probation with those convictions . "  A suggestion -- do n't drive , " Los Angeles Superior Judge James Dabney told Lohan after he handed down her sentence . Her six years of legal troubles trace back to two drunken driving arrests in 2007 and include other incidents in which she was behind the wheel . While Michael Lohan was satisfied his daughter would get drug treatment in rehab -- not jail -- her father expressed anger outside the courthouse with her lawyer , Mark Heller . "  I want to know why are you 're still up here ? " Michael Lohan shouted at Heller . "  Go home , you 've done enough damage . Leave my daughter alone and stay out of the press . You 're a parasite . " Lawyer : Lindsay Lohan needs luck Lohan said Heller "  just wants to use my daughter as way to get his name in the papers . " A sheriff 's deputy stepped between Michael Lohan and Heller to separate the men . "  My reaction is one of sadness and compassion for the conduct that that gentleman is displaying publicly , " Heller told reporters later . Michael Lohan accused Heller of unethical and criminal conduct in his representation of his daughter , saying prosecutors were investigating Heller for tampering with "  a star witness " in Lohan 's case . "  It is an open investigation and they just told me they are investigating him , " Michael Lohan said . Los Angeles County district attorney spokeswoman Jane Robison said that office is not involved in the case . The spokesman for the Los Angeles city attorney 's office said he was unaware of any probe . The spokeman for the Santa Monica city attorney 's office , which was involved in the case , did not immediately respond to CNN 's call . Heller said he was not aware of what Michael Lohan was alleging . "  That 's a very sad and unfortunate statement , " Heller said . "  Anybody is able in this great country to make any allegations that they want . " He then brought the interview back to Lindsay Lohan . "  The only issue here today is that a sweet , wonderful 26-year-old girl has finally been able to bring some closure to a chapter in her life that has been very unfortunate , " Heller sad . "  Lindsay Lohan has been very fragile and very concerned by what 's been happening here and the only thing I 've been concerned about is that we 've been able to give her story a very , very happy ending . " Lindsay Lohan : The reality show we do n't want to watch She is "  now on a wonderful path and a journey that I think is going to be very rewarding , " he said . "  Today marks the first day of the rest of her life and her comeback is right before us . " Although Lohan was sentenced to jail time , including five days and 90 days on two charges , the judge will allow her to serve it in rehab . The sentence extends Lohan 's probation for two years and requires 18 months of psychotherapy . "  This is it , " Dabney told her . "  You violate your probation , and we 're not going to have discussions of putting you back on probation . " Lohan was charged with reckless driving and lying to a police officer about a June 2012 car crash in which her Porsche crashed in to a dump truck on the Pacific Coast Highway in Santa Monica , California . Her arrest triggered the probation violation charge . The police report said Lohan denied being behind the wheel , but the prosecutor was expected to call witnesses who say she was driving . "  I think Lindsay needed to go and just deal with some of her issues , " her father said Monday . "  She got exactly what she needs . Lindsay Lohan acknowledged her drug and alcohol addiction in past court appearances . She 's spent 250 days in five rehab facilities since January 2007 , including one long court-ordered stint after a failed drug test . The actress has appeared in court at least 20 times before four Los Angeles judges who have now found her in violation of probation six times and sentenced her to a total of nine months in jail . Lohan has spent about two weeks behind bars in six trips to the Los Angeles County jail , served 35 days under house arrest and worked about 67 days of community service at the county morgue . ` Liz & Dick ' producer talks risky business of hiring Lohan	NEW : MIchael Lohan verbally attacks daughter 's lawyer , calls him a "  parasite " Lindsay Lohan agrees to go to rehab and wo n't go to jail The rehab program must be "  lock in , " meaning she can not leave The judge extended her probation for another two years
CNN  -- Kenyan park rangers are hunting for a gang of poachers who they say killed eleven elephants and hacked off their tusks , the latest large slaughter of the animals to be reported amid insatiable global demand for ivory . The family of elephants were killed on Saturday in Tsavo East National Park in southern Kenya , according to a statement Monday from the Kenya Wildlife Service . The animals ' carcasses all had bullet wounds and their tusks had been chopped off , the agency said . Read more : African ivory worth $ 1.4 million seized in HK Teams of rangers on foot and in the air are trying to track down the poachers in the 22,000-square-kilometer  8,500-square-mile  park , the country 's largest single ecosystem , according to the wildlife service . It said it believed around 10 poachers were involved . The killing follows warnings last year from conservation groups that elephants were being slaughtered in Africa at an alarming rate to feed demand for ivory from increasingly affluent Asian countries , particularly China and Thailand . At the same time , the groups said , poachers are becoming more heavily armed , making it harder for often ill-equipped park wardens to protect the animals . Read more : How Nanibia turned poachers into gamekeepers In an indication of the amount of illegal ivory in circulation , authorities in the Asian port of Hong Kong have announced three major seizures of smuggled shipments since October . They confiscated 779 pieces of tusk , worth the equivalent of about $ 1.4 million , last week . The Tsavo park , a protected area , is home to an estimated 13,000 elephants , based on a census in 2011 , Kenya Wildlife Service said . A representative of the agency was n't immediately available to comment Tuesday on the latest developments in the pursuit of the poachers . CNN 's David McKenzie reported from Johannesburg , South Africa , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	The killing took place in Tasvo East National Park in southern Kenya Rangers say they are pursuing the poachers with ground and aerial units Wildlife groups have warned that elephants in Africa are being killed at an alarming rate
Moscow  CNN  -- If a country 's standing can be measured by its sporting ambitions , then Russia 's status as a superpower is once again on the rise . Its big-spending football league is attracting top international stars , and the next few years will see it host major sporting spectacles for the first time since the Soviet-era regime staged the 1980 Olympic Games that were notoriously boycotted by the United States . And ahead of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi and the 2018 soccer World Cup , one of Russia 's prominent athletes has put aside her sporting dreams to concentrate on contributing to the politics of the Kremlin . Anna Chakvetadze was one of Russia 's seemingly never ending line of top female tennis players when she burst onto the scene as a 17-year-old in 2004 . A junior finalist at Wimbledon the previous year , she stunned compatriot and world No. 3 Anastasia Myskina at the U.S. Open and went on to reach a career-high fifth in the rankings , winning eight tournaments and almost $ 4 million on the WTA Tour . However , she has now turned to politics after sliding outside the top 150 following a combination of injuries and illness . "  I would like to develop youth sport . I was a sportsman myself so I know about problems in sport , " the 24-year-old told CNN . "  I would like youth sport in our country to be affordable to people from all social classes . We have to give the same access to sport for kids from poor families . Ideally , my goal is to get the majority involved in sport activities ... sport should come to every family . " Chakvetadze has chosen the fringe "  Right Cause Party " as she stands for Russia 's lower parliament in the December 4 elections , with parties needing 7 % of the total vote to earn seats . Former top-ranked men 's tennis player Marat Safin will also be standing , seeking one of 450 places . And they 'll both be hoping to join fellow sports figures Svetlana Khorkina and Alina Kabaeva in the State Duma after the two former Olympic champion gymnasts won respective elections in 2007 Formed in 2008 from the ashes of three other parties , Right Cause has positioned itself as "  anti-old guard " and dismissed the relevancy of former president Vladimir Putin and other longtime political stalwarts who have stood for decades . "  It 's a challenge for me . I have joined Right Cause because it 's a young party with fresh ideas , " Chakvetadze said . "  I was invited to join it when  Mikhail  Prokhorov was in it . But even now all the basic ideas that the Right Cause stands for have n't changed and I share the program and idea of the party . " Billionaire businessman Prokhorov stepped down in September after a few months as party leader , dismissing Right Cause as a "  puppet party " of the Kremlin . It is an accusation Luke Harding -- a reporter for British newspaper The Guardian and the first Western journalist to be expelled from Russia since the end of the Cold War in 2011 -- supports . "  Russia was a quasi-democracy under Boris Yeltsin in the 1990s . But over the last decade-plus under Putin there has been a restoration of the classic authoritarian model , with the squashing of independent TV , proper elections , and opposition forces , " Harding , the author of "  Mafia State : How one reporter became the enemy of a brutal new Russia , " told CNN . "  Today 's Russia does have political ` parties , ' like Right Cause . But they are not parties in the real sense -- their role is simply decorative , to create the illusion of voter choice and to legitimize decisions taken behind closed doors in the Kremlin . "  There 's a long tradition in Russia of getting sportsmen and women to stand for parties : they help to enthuse a weary and cynical electorate . " Prime Minister Putin has announced that next year he intends to again stand for president , a position he held for two consecutive terms -- the maximum allowed -- before endorsing the campaign of his 2008 successor Dmitry Medvedev . While her fellow Right Cause candidate Andrei Bogdanov has listed Putin among the Russian establishment "  we have had enough of , " Chakvetadze said the 59-year-old -- who is a strong supporter of sport -- is popular with the people . "  The real opposition is a constructive one that has something to offer to authorities -LSB- other than -RSB- beautiful election campaign slogans . I guess the Right Cause is able to become a constructive opponent , " she said . "  As for the next president , Putin is really significantly supported by Russians . If he is elected he will take the real steps for further development of the state and improving lifestyle for citizens , which is a good thing . The main thing is to keep on moving . " Chakvetadze said sport is an important part of becoming a healthy nation , and acknowledged that improvements need to be made before the big events in 2014 and 2018 . "  First we should develop the infrastructure -- build new stadiums , hotels , additional railway service and air travel , " she said . "  We have to provide our guests and citizens with the highest level of security service . We must not lose face . Big sport forums like this will definitely increase interest in sport and will contribute to the promotion of healthy lifestyles . "  On the other hand it will make our authorities move and develop the infrastructure of territories where these competitions will take place , attract new investment into our country . " Chakvetadze has struggled to maintain the peak levels of 2007 , when she reached the U.S. Open semifinals and was also part of Russia 's successful Fed Cup team , but she has not closed the door on her tennis career . "  This year was really a tough one for me . There were several traumas and I decided to take care and restore my health , " she said . "  It does n't mean that I 'm over with my sport career . I just took a pause for an unknown period of time . So all my goals now are related with this party project . "	Russian tennis player Anna Chakvetadze is standing for Russian parliament The 24-year-old has struggled with injuries and illness in 2011 She is hoping to boost sport 's profile with the fringe Right Cause party Party has been called a puppet of Kremlin , but she says it can make a difference
HOHENWALD , Tennessee  CNN  -- A pair of African elephants tramps through lush vegetation , stopping to scoop dust with their trunks and toss it onto their backs for protection from the summer sun . Tarra , who was a year old when Buckley met her , was the inspiration for The Elephant Sanctuary . Meanwhile , two others submerge their massive forms to splash and dip in the waters of a muddy pond . It 's a scene that could have been pulled from a nature documentary . But it takes place in an unlikely spot : a 2,700-acre sanctuary in rural Tennessee . It 's not where nature intended the animals to be , roaming free in the vast expanses of subtropical Africa and Asia . But for most of them , it 's a life far apart from the ones they once lived . Tarra lived in the back of a truck at a tire store . Shirley performed at a circus until she broke her leg on a chain . Then , she was moved to the freak show . And Sissy was treated like a killer . She crushed a handler in her enclosure at a Texas zoo where video shows she 'd been beaten into submission with ax handles . "  We consider all of these elephants to be rescue elephants , because they are taken out of that environment that is not healthy for them , " said Carol Buckley , co-founder of the Elephant Sanctuary . Founded in 1995 on 112 acres about 30 miles southwest of Nashville , the sanctuary is now the largest natural refuge of its kind in the United States . Twenty-four elephants , most of them sick , old or abused , have lived at the sanctuary ; it is currently home to 15 African and Asian elephants . It 's a place where elephants can roam freely , largely feed and shelter themselves and interact with others , often after years living alone in captivity . But Buckley and Scott Blais , the nonprofit sanctuary 's co-founder , are very clear about what it 's not . The sanctuary is not a zoo . Visitors are n't allowed onto the property to view the elephants , and only a handful of media members are able to visit each year , in an effort to make the animals ' lives as natural as possible . "  In order to accommodate the public , you would have to take away from the elephants , " Buckley said . "  People have their own emotions , that energy , " Buckley said . "  If you feel fear and they get close , they 're going to get hit with your energy . For Buckley , the journey to running the sanctuary -- which operates on private donations and corporate sponsorships -- started with Tarra . Studying to be a circus trainer , she bought the elephant , then just a year old , and trained her to perform . But as the years passed and the relationship between animal and trainer strengthened , Buckley came to believe that captivity , particularly in a traveling circus , was no life for an elephant . "  I did n't realize that elephants in captivity were suffering and that to train and dominate an elephant was really breaking their spirit , " she said . "  When you come to love elephants , when you really come to understand them and love them , you want more for them . "  And when you learn how elephants live in the wild , it just makes sense that you would want to create a space that resembles that so elephants can just be elephants . " From years in the circus and in zoos , Buckley and Tarra made their way to a breeding program at a Canadian wildlife safari , where they met Blais . It was then that the idea for the Elephant Sanctuary was born . "  We started talking about elephants in captivity and what we could do and what we should be doing for them , what they truly deserved , " Blais said . At the preserve , the elephants feed themselves primarily by grazing -- the Asian elephants eat as much as 100 pounds of grass a day -- supplemented with grains and vitamins from the staff . They share space with deer , wild turkey , raccoons , skunks and other native Tennessee animals . Life in a circus , and in most zoos , is abusive to elephants , highly intelligent and social animals who , in the wild , may roam dozens of miles in a single day , the pair said . Research has shown that elephants , like humans , can suffer post-traumatic stress disorder after living in harsh or abusive conditions . Watch more on life at the Elephant Sanctuary . " "  Typically , when elephants are in captivity , they 're under a lot of stress , " Blais said . "  Their entire life is abnormal ; it 's unnatural , and that can often lead to aggression . "  Some will resign themselves and just kind of end up in this blank space , and others will act out , just venting their frustrations , but it 's because of what captivity offers or what captivity does n't offer them . " The elephants generally arrive at the sanctuary in one of two ways : Either the government finds that an owner is abusing the animals and seizes them , or the owners approach the sanctuary on their own , wanting a better life for the animals . In their 14-year history , Blais and Buckley say , they 've been able to raise enough funds to keep expanding the sanctuary and its facilities . But tough economic times are taking a toll this year , and for the first time , they are nervous they 'll bring in less money than they spend . But the mission of providing a home for the elephants they love will continue , they say . "  We feel incredibly fortunate to be doing what we do , " Buckley said . "  It 's hard work , it 's long days , it 's long weeks , but you 're not going to hear us complain about it , because we 're fortunate , and we know that . "  This is the most amazing work to do in a person 's lifetime . "	The Elephant Sanctuary takes in old , injured , abused animals 2,700-acre facility is largest of its kind in the United States Site closed to the public to make elephants ' lives closer to in the wild Donations have always exceeded needs , but economy not keeping up this year
Ian McLagan , a fun-loving keyboardist who played on records by such artists as the Rolling Stones , Lucinda Williams , Bruce Springsteen and his own bands -- the Small Faces and its successor , the Faces -- died Wednesday , according to a statement from his record label , Yep Roc Records . He was 69 . The cause of death was complications from a stroke , according to Yep Roc . Kenney Jones , the Faces ' drummer who later joined the Who , expressed his sadness in the statement . "  I am completely devastated by this shocking news and I know this goes for Ronnie  Wood  and Rod  Stewart  also . " The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer 's resume was varied and eclectic , his soulful and often joyous organ fills heard on such albums as the Stones ' "  Some Girls , " Lucinda Williams ' "  Car Wheels on a Gravel Road " and John Mayer 's "  Battle Studies . " A rousing live performer , he played with Bob Dylan and Springsteen and was scheduled to tour with Nick Lowe this winter . His death comes on the heels of that of another Stones sideman , saxophone player Bobby Keys , who died Tuesday . McLagan established his abilities while touring with the Small Faces and the Faces . The latter band was particularly known for its good-time habits , like demolishing hotel rooms in classic rock 'n' roll fashion . "  You could n't go from one town to another and not walk into the identical room in every town , " he explained to CNN in a 2004 interview . "  So we hurt them . " The Small Faces were heroes of Britain 's youth and had a great deal of success there , though just one of their songs , 1967 's "  Itchycoo Park , " cracked the Top 10 in the United States . When lead singer Steve Marriott left the band in 1969 , the height-challenged group reformed around the much taller Rod Stewart and Ron Wood and dropped the "  Small " from its name . The Faces ' hits included "  Stay with Me " and "  Cindy Incidentally . " McLagan , known as "  Mac , " was born in Hounslow , Middlesex , England , in 1945 . He joined the Small Faces in 1965 and the band had a four-year run of hits , including "  Sha La La La Lee , " "  All or Nothing " and "  Afterglow of Your Love , " the latter from their UK No. 1 album , "  Ogden 's Nut Gone Flake . " The post-Marriott Faces were known for such albums as "  A Nod Is as Good as a Wink to a Blind Horse " and "  Ooh La La , " but it was their marathon live performances that really made their reputation -- sometimes unfairly . "  We had the reputation of big drinkers , but we paced ourselves , " McLagan told CNN . "  We all knew our limits . ... I 'm now fighting this reputation of being sloppy , but listen  to the music  . " The band tried to juggle group dynamics with Stewart 's soaring solo career , but the writing was on the wall when the singer left in 1975 . Wood joined the Stones and McLagan became an in-demand session musician . McLagan recorded a handful of albums on his own , including "  Troublemaker "  1979  , "  Bump in the Night "  1980  and "  United States "  2014  , and in recent years led the Bump Band from his adopted hometown of Austin , Texas . When he was n't in Austin he was on the road , a place where he was always happy . Describing the travels of the Small Faces in the '60s -- when touring was pretty much a do-it-yourself affair -- he could n't help but wax fondly . "  A favorite memory keeps coming back : it 's just us in the car , going to gigs , " he told the Los Angeles Beat in 2012 . "  We used to smoke , listen to music , laugh and giggle , and had the best time ! We 'd get to the gig and we 'd play music , then we 'd leave the gig and we 'd listen to music . Then we 'd go back to the hotel and we 'd play music , then we 'd listen to music . It 's all we did , and it was fabulous ! You ca n't have a better life . " People we 've lost in 2014	Ian McLagan was a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame keyboardist He was part of the Small Faces and the Faces , later a noted session man He played on albums by the Rolling Stones , Lucinda Williams , Bruce Springsteen
CNN  -- Football 's governing body FIFA has suspended the Nigerian Football Federation  NFF  due to government interference . The indefinite ban means Nigeria wo n't be allowed to participate in any international matches and will not be involved in qualifying for the African Nations Cup . In the wake of the country 's poor showing at the World Cup -- where they failed to get out of the group stages -- Nigerian president Goodluck Jonathan decided to suspend the national team at all levels for two years . Jonathan then reversed his decision after FIFA threatened to expel Nigeria and withhold $ 8 million due to them for playing at the World Cup . Now they have been told they will not be readmitted to international competition until FIFA are satisfied the NFF is free to operate without any government interference . FIFA said in a statement given to CNN : "  The FIFA Emergency Committee decided today , 4 October 2010 , to suspend the Nigeria Football Federation  NFF  with immediate effect on account of government interference . "  This decision follows the latest events linked to the NFF , such as the court actions against elected members of the NFF Executive Committee preventing them from exercising their functions and duties , the stepping down of the acting NFF General Secretary on the instructions of the National Sports Commission , the decision of the Minister of Sports to have the Nigerian League start without relegation from the previous season , and the fact that the NFF Executive Committee can not work properly due to this interference . "  The suspension will be maintained until the court actions have ceased and the duly elected NFF Executive Committee is able to work without any interference . "  During the period of suspension , the NFF will not be able to be represented in any regional , continental or international competitions , including at club level , and also not in friendly matches . " Nigeria had already played one African Nations Cup qualifier against Madagascar -- a game they won 2-0 .	Nigeria are banned from international competition by football 's governing body FIFA FIFA say government interference in the Nigerian Football Federation is the reason Nigerian president Goodluck Jonathan had reversed his own decision to ban the team
CNN Student News  -- September 14 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Egypt ; Libya ; Democratic Republic of Congo Yemen New York City ; Chicago , Illinois Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Ossie Schectman may not have had the hops of Michael Jordan , the strength of Wilt Chamberlain or the touch of Jerry West . But he 'll always be the first . Schectman played a single season -- 1946-1947 -- with the New York Knickerbockers , but still managed to make his mark on the National Basketball Association by scoring what the league says is its first points . On Tuesday , according to his former team , Schectman died at age 94 . "  Ossie Schectman was a true NBA pioneer , " NBA Commissioner David Stern said . The history was made November 1 , 1946 , when the Knicks traveled to Canada to take on the Toronto Huskies . Video from that game -- the first in what was then the Basketball Association of America , which a few years later became the NBA -- shows him finishing a give-and-go with a layup . "  They score a clean first basket , " the announcer says on the video . "  Dazzling passing . " By the time that shot went through the hoop , Schectman had already made a name for himself on the court . The New York native attended Samuel Tilden High School in Brooklyn , then went about 25 miles east to play at Long Island University . There , he starred on two teams -- in 1939 and 1941 -- that won the National Invitation Tournament , then considered in many respects more prestigious than the NCAA tourney . He earned first-team All-America honors after that second title , his university notes . After graduating college , Schectman joined the Philadelphia Sphas  which stood for South Philadelphia Hebrew Association  of the American Basketball League . He would perhaps be most associated with that pro team if it were not for his time with the Knicks , including the first points in its first game , which New York won 68-66 . His on-court prowess helped land him spots in the Jewish Sports Hall of Fame , Long Island University Athletic Hall of Fame and New York City Basketball Hall of Fame . "  What kind of player was Ossie ? " asks a tweet on the official NBA History feed . "  Think  Chris Paul  . A relentless penetrator who would routinely set up his teammates . " Schectman was accomplished outside basketball as well . As LIU noted in a profile upon granting Schectman with its distinguished alumni award in 2013 , he served in the U.S. Air Corps during World War II . Schectman had success in business as well , including more than three decades working in Manhattan 's garment district before his retirement from Collins and Aikman . He and his wife , Evelyn , had two children and two grandchildren . Still , it 's that one shot in the fall of 1946 , immortalized in the documentary film "  The First Basket , " that many most associate him with , now and for decades to come . People we lost in 2013	New York City native Ossie Schectman starred at Long Island University He played basketball professionally , including in 1946-47 with the Knicks Schectman scored what 's considered the NBA 's first ever points in 1946 "  Ossie Schectman was a true NBA pioneer , " the NBA 's commissioner says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Police have arrested three suspects in the kidnapping of Warren Weinstein , a development expert from the United States who was snatched this month from his home in Lahore , Pakistan , a police official said Tuesday . The official asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . A spokeswoman for the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad said she was not aware of any arrests . Weinstein was abducted August 13 when gunmen , posing as neighbors offering food , pistol-whipped him and his driver and tied up his guards , U.S. Embassy and Pakistani officials said . Weinstein works for J.E. Austin Associates Inc. , a U.S. consulting firm based in Arlington , Virginia , a Pakistani official said . He is a world-renowned development expert , with 25 years of experience , according to his company 's website . The site says he was heading what the company described as the "  Pakistan Initiative for Strategic Development and Competitiveness . " As Weinstein 's security guards prepared for the meal before the Ramadan fast , three men knocked at the front gate and offered food for the meal -- a traditional practice among Muslims during the Ramadan holy month , according to senior Lahore police official Tajamal Hussain . Once the gate was opened , the three men forced their way in , while five other suspects entered the house from the back , Hussain said . The men tied up the three security guards and duct-taped their mouths , he said . They pistol-whipped the driver and forced him to take them to Weinstein 's room where the men hit Weinstein in the head with a pistol , and forced him out of the house and into a waiting car , Hussain said . He said Weinstein is in his 60s .	Gunmen abducted Warren Weinstein from his home in Lahore , Pakistan Weinstein is a U.S. development expert who works in Pakistan Investigators have arrested three suspects , a police official said Tuesday
Mashable.com  -- John wants to share some level seven Energizing Lotion in FarmVille ! How many times have you seen a similar sentence in your Facebook News Feed and either wondered what it means , or  if you 're familiar with Farmville and other popular Facebook games  removed the message in disgust ? Facebook is aware of the problem . While some users -- 200 million of them , revealed Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg at a Gaming Event in Palo Alto -- enjoy playing games on the service , others are n't interested . According to Facebook , users either "  love playing games or hate them , " and the company so far did n't have "  the right tools to enable developers to grow their games while at the same time providing a great user experience for non-gamers . " Thus , Facebook has devised a plan to make games less annoying to non-users , and more engaging to gamers at the same time . The first part is relatively easy : Facebook will simply be showing application stories only to users who are already engaging with the application , meaning that people who do n't play Farmville wo n't have to endure Farmville-related posts in their feeds . If Facebook decides you are interested in games , it will be displaying full game stories  instead of collapsed ones  in the News Feed , as well as adding prominent counts to those stories to highlight tasks that need to be completed within a game . Bookmarks will get smarter -- apps will be automatically bookmarked and reordered based on actual usage . Finally , Facebook will start notifying users when their friends start playing a game  in addition to highlighting their activity within the game  . From the users ' perspective , these are welcome changes , especially for non-gamers who wo n't be pestered by constant game-related notifications . From the game developers ' end , it remains to be seen whether these improvements will alleviate the fact that gaming-related notifications will now be less aggressive than before . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook is trying to limit updates about games , such as FarmVille , that some users find annoying According to Facebook , users either "  love playing games or hate them " Apps will be automatically bookmarked and reordered based on actual usage Gaming-related notifications will now be less aggressive than before
CNN  -- Police say it now appears that a southern California family missing since early February voluntarily left for Mexico . But the apparent inactivity of bank cards , credit cards and cellphones since they vanished continues to baffle police and trouble family members . "  I 've been in this business for over 35 years but never seen anything like this , " Lt. Dennis Brugos of the San Diego Sheriff 's Department told CNN . "  This whole thing does n't add up , " Michael McStay , the brother of Joseph McStay , said in a phone interview . "  If they left , I do n't need to know why . The bottom line is , I need to make sure they are OK . " Information gathered on the home computer of Joseph and Summer McStay indicates the couple was making travel inquires about Mexico on the Internet a week before they were reported missing , Brugos said . "  It had to do with travel in Mexico with children and whether you needed to have passports for children , " Brugos said . "  It looks as if there were some planning . " The McStays and their children , Gianni , 4 , and Joseph , 3 , have not been seen or heard from since February 4 . The McStays ' two dogs were found unattended , without food or water , in the San Diego-area home , investigators said . McStay 's brother , who initially feared the family might have been kidnapped , still believes they are in danger . "  They ca n't fend for themselves , " he said . "  If something did happen in Mexico , I would not be able to live with myself . " A sport utility vehicle belonging to the McStays was found abandoned on February 8 two blocks from the San Ysidro border checkpoint into Mexico , authorities said . Surveillance video taken that evening appears to show the family "  casually " walking into Mexico , sheriff 's investigators said . Brugos believes the four individuals seen on the security footage bear a strong resemblance to the missing family , including the hats the children wore and the woman 's boots and coat . The sheriff 's office met Tuesday with the department 's liaison detectives in Mexico , he added . "  There is nothing to suggest any criminal involvement in their disappearance , but we would like to find the family , " Brugos said . Michael McStay , who said he will be handing out fliers at the San Ysirdo checkpoint and canvassing the stores , is desperate for any information . "  Who knows what happens once you leave U.S. soil ? " he said . "  We 've all seen the news about what goes on down there . Even if they left voluntarily , were they going down for a weekend and never made it back ? What would compel someone to go ? I have no idea . If they left it would have had to be something heavy . "  It just does n't make sense . " Joseph McStay is 5 feet , 9 inches tall and weighs 175 pounds . He has brown hair and brown eyes . Summer McStay , also known as Lisa Aranda-Martelli , is 5 feet , 5 inches tall and 115 pounds , with brown hair and brown eyes . Anyone with information on the whereabouts of the McStay family is urged to contact Sgt. Dave Martinez of the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department at 858-565-5200 . Anonymous calls can be made to 888-580-8477 . A Web site , http://www.mcstayfamily.com/ , has been set up in an effort to help locate the family .	Joseph and Summer McStay and their children have been missing since February 4 Apparent inactivity of cards and cellphones still troubles police , loved ones Surveillance video shows a family of 4 "  casually " crossing border into Mexico Joseph McStay 's brother says he will be handing out fliers at border crossing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In their first head-to-head debate , Sen. John McCain criticized Sen. Barack Obama as a candidate who "  does n't understand " the key issues the country faces , and Obama linked McCain to President Bush on several issues . "  I 'm afraid Sen. Obama does n't understand the difference between a tactic and a strategy , " McCain said Friday as the two traded jabs over Iraq . Obama shot back , "  I absolutely understand the difference between tactics and strategy . And the strategic question that the president has to ask is not whether or not we are employing a particular approach in the country once we have made the decision to be there . " McCain drew from his experience overseas as he tried to portray himself as the more qualified candidate . "  Incredibly , incredibly Sen. Obama did n't go to Iraq for 900 days and never asked for a meeting with Gen. -LSB- David -RSB- Petraeus , " he said . Watch McCain , Obama talk about fighting in Iraq " McCain slammed Obama for not supporting the surge , an increase of about 30,000 troops to Iraq in early 2007 . Bush sent the additional troops as part of a campaign to pacify Baghdad and its surrounding provinces . "  John , you like to pretend like the war started in 2007 , " Obama shot back . "  You talk about the surge . The war started in 2003 , and at the time when the war started , you said it was going to be quick and easy . You said we knew where the weapons of mass destruction were . You were wrong . " Watch entire debate : Part 1 " | Part 2 " | Part 3 " Obama repeatedly criticized the Bush administration and charged that McCain is an endorser of his policies . See scenes from the debate " In describing his tax plan , Obama said , "  over time , that , I think , is going to be a better recipe for economic growth than the -- the policies of President Bush that John McCain wants to -- wants to follow . " Obama also said the economic crisis is the "  final verdict on eight years of failed economic policies promoted by George Bush , supported by Sen. McCain . " Both candidates squeezed in a few cheap shots . Obama brought up McCain 's jokingly singing a line about bombing Iran , and McCain jabbed Obama for his short-lived "  presidential seal . " Immediately after the debate , both campaigns issued statements declaring their candidate the winner . Grade the candidates ' performance in the debate "  This was a clear victory for Barack Obama on John McCain 's home turf . Sen. McCain offered nothing but more of the same failed Bush policies , and Barack Obama made a forceful case for change in our economy and our foreign policy , " said Obama-Biden campaign manager David Plouffe . "  John McCain needed a game-changer tonight , and by any measure , he did n't get it , " he said . iReport.com : Who do you think won the debate ? McCain 's campaign said "  there was one man who was presidential tonight ; that man was John McCain . " "  There was another who was political ; that was Barack Obama . John McCain won this debate and controlled the dialogue throughout , whether it was the economy , taxes , spending , Iraq or Iran . There was a leadership gap , a judgment gap and a boldness gap on display tonight , a fact Barack Obama acknowledged when he said John McCain was right at least five times , " communications director Jill Hazelbaker said . Full coverage of the debates During the first 30 minutes of the debate , the candidates focused on the economy , even though the debate was supposed to be centered on foreign policy . For a while , it seemed like the debate might not even take place , because McCain said he would not show up unless Congress came to an agreement on the government 's proposed $ 700 billion bailout plan . McCain said Friday that enough progress has been made for him to attend the debate , even though Congress has not made a deal . Here 's a snapshot of what the candidates said . On government spending : McCain said he would consider a spending freeze on everything but defense , veterans affairs and entitlement programs in order to cut back on government spending . Obama disagreed , saying , "  The problem is , you 're using a hatchet where you need a scalpel . "  There are some programs that are very important that are currently underfunded , " Obama said . He agreed that the government needs to cut spending in some areas , but he said other areas , such as early childhood education , need more funding . McCain repeated his call to veto every bill with earmarks . Watch the candidates spar over earmarks " Obama said the country "  absolutely " needs earmark reform but said , "  the fact is , eliminating earmarks alone is not a recipe for how we are going to get the middle class back on track . " On the bailout proposal : Obama said that the United States was facing its worst financial crisis since the Great Depression . McCain said he was encouraged that Republicans and Democrats were working together to solve the crisis . Obama refused to be pinned down on whether he would support a $ 700 billion plan proposed by President Bush 's top economic advisers , saying the final details of the proposal were not known . McCain said he hoped to be able to vote for it . On the likelihood of another terrorist attack : McCain that another attack on the scale of the September 11 hijackings is "  much less likely " now than it was the day after the terrorist attacks . "  America is safer now than it was on 9/11 , " he said , "  But we have a long way to go before we can declare America safe . " Obama agreed that the United States is "  safer in some ways " but said the country needed to focus more on issues such as nuclear non-proliferation and restoring America 's image in the world . On relations with Russia : Obama called for a re-evaluation of the United States ' approach to Russia in light of the country 's recent military action in the Caucasus . "  You can not be a 21st-century superpower and act like a 20th-century dictatorship , " he said . McCain accused Obama of responding naively to Russia 's invasion of neighboring Georgia last month by calling on both sides to exercise restraint . McCain said he would support the inclusion of Georgia and Ukraine in NATO . On Iran : McCain said Iranian nuclear weapons would be an "  existential threat to the state of Israel " and would encourage other countries in the Middle East to seek nuclear weapons as well . "  We can not allow another Holocaust , " he said . Obama agreed that the United States "  can not tolerate a nuclear Iran , " calling for tougher sanctions from a range of countries including Russia and China . McCain called for a new "  league of democracies " to stand firm against Iran . On Iraq : McCain said the next president will have to decide when and how to leave Iraq and what the United States will leave behind . The Republican candidate said that the war had been badly managed at the beginning but that the United States was now winning , thanks to a "  great general and a strategy that succeeded . " "  Sen. Obama refuses to acknowledge that we are winning in Iraq , " McCain said . Obama responded , "  that 's not true ; that 's not true . " He blasted McCain as having been wrong about the war at the start , saying McCain had failed to anticipate the uprising against U.S. forces and violence between rival religious groups in the country . Watch Obama tell McCain he was ` wrong ' " "  At the time when the war started , you said it was quick and easy . You said we knew where the weapons of mass destruction were , " Obama said , citing the key White House policy justifying the 2003 invasion . "  You were wrong . You said that we were going to be greeted as liberators . You were wrong , " he said .	Barack Obama says John McCain wrong about Iraq McCain says Obama "  does n't understand " some key issues Candidates debate earmarks , taxes , economic plans Status of debate was in limbo until Friday afternoon
CNN  -- The sheriff of Maricopa County , Arizona , lashed out Thursday at Justice Department officials , calling their civil lawsuit alleging civil rights violations against him and his county politically motivated . "  They 're using me for the Latino vote , showing that they 're doing something , taking on the sheriff over an alleged racial profiling , " Joe Arpaio told reporters in Phoenix . He vowed to defend himself , not for selfish purposes , but to help the thousands of other sheriffs in the country avoid finding themselves in similar situations . "  I 'm not going to surrender my office to the federal government , " he said . "  I will fight this to the bitter end . " Arpaio rejected the Department of Justice 's call for monitors to oversee the workings of his department . "  That shows you they want to take over this office , " he said . "  Under this agreement with the so-called monitor , I 'd probably have to clear every press release before I go public , especially having to do with illegal immigration , with the Department of Justice . " Arpaio 's remarks came hours after the Justice Department filed the civil lawsuit . "  At its core , this is an abuse-of-power case involving a sheriff and sheriff 's office that disregarded the Constitution , ignored sound police practices , compromised public safety , and did not hesitate to retaliate against perceived critics , " said Assistant U.S. Attorney General Thomas Perez . The Justice Department had delivered in December a report with findings of civil rights violations and sought to fix them through a negotiated settlement with Maricopa County and its sheriff 's office . Those talks broke down in February over Maricopa 's refusal to consider any agreement that involved an independent monitor , Perez said . "  Attempts to forge solutions to address the serious civil rights and public safety concerns have proven elusive , " Perez said . According to the civil complaint , the sheriff 's office has displayed a pattern of discrimination against Latinos , which includes racial profiling , unlawful detention and searches , and unlawful targeting of Latinos during raids . The complaint also alleges that Maricopa detention officers discriminated against Latino prisoners in the jail . The targets were often prisoners who do n't speak English well , Perez said . The jailers would give orders only in English , and when the prisoners did n't understand , they would place an entire area of the jail on lockdown for disobedience . "  This incites obvious and unwarranted hostility toward the inmates , potentially placing prisoners and officers alike in harm 's way , " Perez said . Finally , the complaint recounts a number of cases in which Arpaio and his office allegedly retaliated against perceived enemies . These included judges , lawyers and community leaders who were critical , or perceived to be critical of Maricopa policies . "  Nobody is above the law , and nobody can misuse the legal process to silence those with different opinions , " Perez said . "  Leadership starts at the top , and all of the alleged violations outlined in the complaint are the product of a culture of disregard for basic rights within MCSO that starts at the top and pervades the organization . " The December letter said detention officers in Arpaio 's jail invoked slurs and profanities against Latinos , calling them "  wetbacks , " "  Mexican bitches " and "  stupid Mexicans . " Arpaio has denied any discrimination , and one of his attorneys called the Justice Department investigation a "  witch hunt . "	NEW : "  They 're using me for the Latino vote , " Arpaio says of the lawsuit The sheriff 's office has not complied with the findings , Justice Department says Arpaio 's actions have nurtured culture of racial bias against Latinos , U.S. says Arpaio denies discrimination ; sheriff 's attorney calls investigation a "  witch hunt "
CNN  -- As Republicans wrestle with how to oppose President Barack Obama , what to do about Obamacare and how to compare the value of fights based on principle versus fights based on clever calculation , there may be some lessons from one of the darkest periods of Republican history . Watergate was a slow-motion disaster for the Republican Party . Richard Nixon , who had just won one of the largest majorities in American history in 1972 , was slowly being exposed and driven from power . At the same time , it was discovered that Vice President Spiro Agnew was illegally taking bribes . He was forced to resign . That resignation led to the first vice presidential appointment , that of the House Republican leader , Rep. Gerald Ford . Then Nixon resigned , leading to the second vice presidential appointment , former Gov. Nelson Rockefeller of New York . That appealed to liberals but enraged conservatives . President Ford then pardoned Nixon , leading to a further firestorm of outrage . The Republicans were badly defeated in the 1974 congressional elections . The election of President Jimmy Carter finished the defeat of the Republican Party . Republicans were shattered by their sudden collapse after the enormous 1972 victory . Republican leaders in Congress were shaken by the defeat of so many of their friends , many after two decades or more in office . In many ways , America was a one-party system by January 1977 , and the Democrats seemed totally dominant . Opinion : The Republican implosion The Democratic Party housed liberals and conservatives , agrarians and urban intellectuals , men , women , young , old , blacks , whites , all creeds , dominated all regions and ruled all debate in America . The Republican Party housed a small group of exhausted defeatists . By January 1977 , only 11 % of citizens younger than 30 identified with the Republican Party . The party had been on fumes for years , ever since the Great Depression and only challenged the Democrats for national authority when they screwed up , as in 1946 and 1968 , or when Republicans nominated an overwhelmingly popular figure , such as Dwight D. Eisenhower , in 1952 . And with the election of Carter , a smart , moderate Democrat from the South , the prospect for Democratic rule for another generation seemed bright . The party of Andrew Jackson had smothering control of the House , a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate and in the South , there were states such as Mississippi that had almost no elected Republican officeholders . The only state in the country that had GOP control of the legislature and the governor 's mansion was Kansas . The other 49 states had partial or complete Democratic control . The old ways of accommodating the establishment by the GOP of the 1930s , '40s , '50s and '60s would no longer work . Something else had to be tried . To conservatives such as Reagan , accommodation was tantamount to capitulation and they asked themselves , "  If we surrender on everything , what is the purpose of having a Republican Party ? " For several years , the U.S. government had been making plans to yield control and ownership of the Panama Canal to Omar Torrijos , the dictator of the Panama . All of the establishment was going along with it , from Lyndon Johnson to Nixon to Ford , Henry Kissinger and by 1977 , Carter . Nearly all the editorialists supported the "  giveaway " of the canal at the height of the Cold War . Control of the canal was vital to American military interests , especially with Soviet control of Cuba and designs on Central America . Opinion : Hilary Clinton , RNC and freedom of the press Into this void stepped former California Gov. Ronald Reagan , who launched a national campaign to oppose the giveaway . He gave speeches , stumped across the country and testified before Congress . A "  New Right " rose up and organized a "  Panama Canal Truth Squad " led by Richard Viguerie , Phyllis Schlafly and Paul Weyrich , among others . Petitions were circulated at the grassroots and delivered to Capitol Hill . In speech after speech , Reagan thundered , "  We built it ! We paid for it ! It is ours ! And we are going to keep it ! " Polling had shown American support for the two Panama Canal treaties , but by 1978 , the American people had switched and agreed with Reagan and the conservatives -- and not Carter . In the end , the treaties to declare the canal a neutral zone and eventually surrender it to Panama passed by the barest of margins , only by one and two votes more than the two thirds required in the Senate . The war had been lost but the battle was worth it . Principles had been established and arguments made . It led to Republican victories in the off year elections of 1978 and launched Reagan 's third campaign for the White House . Years later , Carter himself acknowledged the potency of the canal issue in the election of 1980 , which not only saw the rise of Reagan , but the loss of scores more Democrats who had voted for the treaties . Reagan used to joke that without his principles , without his conservatism , he would have been just another former actor . He knew standing one 's ground when one was right was enlightening and empowering . It is a lesson from history that applies today . Fighting for principles and losing is always better than surrendering and in so doing , abandoning one 's reason for being . Reagan had called in February 1975 for "  bold colors , no pale pastels . " Opposing the Panama Canal Treaties turned out to be bold colors indeed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Craig Shirley , Newt Gingrich : Republicans were devastated by Watergate scandal They say the party lost most of its clout , had to rebuild from the ground up Republicans rallied around effort to stop the handover of the Panama Canal Authors : They lost the canal battle but built a party that competed -- and won
CNN  -- It is easy to be confused by the welter of headlines and selective excerpts that have been leaked from former Defense Secretary Robert Gates ' upcoming book "  Duty : Memoirs of a Secretary at War . "  I have not yet read the book . Gates asserts President Obama lacked conviction about his own decision to put more troops in harm 's way in Afghanistan . As described in the Bob Woodward summary of the book in the Washington Post , Gates writes that the Commander-in-Chief was "  skeptical if not outright convinced it would fail . " He also condemns what he saw as "  suspicion and distrust of senior military officers by senior White House officials -- including the president and the vice president . " In one meeting about Afghanistan in particular , Gates said that after listening to the President , he concluded , "  The president does n't trust his commander , ca n't stand Karzai , does n't believe in his own strategy and does n't consider the war to be his . " He is particularly brutal about Vice President Joe Biden , who Gates asserts "  poisoned the well " against U.S. military leaders , and who he says "  has been wrong on nearly every major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four decades . " Gates also does n't mince words about top officials like former National Security Adviser Tom Donilon or key Obama adviser Lt. Gen. Douglas Lute . At the same time , Gates commends Obama 's intelligence and character , his decision to go after Osama bin Laden , and in his concluding chapter , according to the New York Times account of the book , as far as the President 's overall Afghanistan strategy he writes , "  I believe Obama was right in each one of these decisions . " He also has strong praise for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton mixed in with his lengthy expressions of frustrations with others in the administration and in Washington , notably the dysfunctional crowd on Capitol Hill . Compounding the apparent dissonance within Gates ' narrative , there is another conflict to reconcile . Gates is a man known for bipartisanship , discretion and keeping his own counsel , and yet he is blasting a sitting President that he served , and revealing details of private and off-the-record exchanges without apparent regard for confidentiality , and in a manner that is sure to be politicized . It might be easy to dismiss his account -- as some , seeking to defend the President , already have done on Twitter and in the blogosphere -- as so contradictory as to not be credible . But that would be a mistake . Gates is one of the most distinguished , most widely respected national security public servants the U.S. has produced in half a century . In addition to running the Pentagon for both Obama and President George W. Bush , he ran the CIA and was Deputy National Security Adviser . He is exceptionally intelligent , committed and few can rival his experience or perspective . No , the contradictions in Gates ' comments do not invalidate them . Rather , they illustrate important facts . In the first place , they reveal Washington and policy making as they are : Very little is clear cut , and personalities and politics play as big a role in key decisions as do any objective analysis of the merits of any decision . People -- including presidents and secretaries of Defense -- can be contradictory bundles of good and bad qualities , advocates for decisions that are both right and wrong . But on a deeper level , Gates ' narrative is conflicted because he is writing about issues , such as Afghanistan , in which there were literally no good answers . Perhaps , in the very first phases of our engagement there , there was a "  best possible path . " We could have gone in , sought retribution for 9/11 , attacked and killed our attackers and then gotten out . The problem became our desire to reduce in a much more sweeping and lasting way the threat posed by al Qaeda , the Taliban , extremists and instability in the region . This led to a long-term commitment in a place where there were no long term "  solutions " -- indeed , the threats posed by extremists are problems that can not be "  solved ; " they can only be reduced and managed , never eradicated . But once we were into Afghanistan for anything but retaliation , we ended up debating two deeply flawed alternatives . Either we committed significant numbers of troops indefinitely -- which would be costly , politically unpopular and unlikely to succeed in doing anything but moving terrorists elsewhere . Or we would pull out and the situation would return to the chaos the region , becoming once again a Petri dish for terror . As it turned out , we will end up demonstrating at great cost that neither approach could work . Gates and the military were right that only an extended military presence could control our enemies on the ground . Biden and his allies were right that getting out sooner would have the same effect as getting out in the medium term . And both will soon see that in Afghanistan -- as in Iraq today and in our War on Terror more broadly -- our costly investment and that of our brave troops will not change the region for the better . Indeed , right now it looks as if Afghanistan and Iraq are likely to end up worse than we found them , and the sway of al Qaeda and extremists more widespread and powerful . All this is because before Gates and Obama got into office , a fundamentally wrong decision was made by their immediate predecessors . We overreacted to 9/11 , seeking not justice but to change the world and a volatile region in ways that were beyond our capabilities . And the battles and tensions revealed among good men and women in the Gates account and others being written of the recent past are the legacy of that watershed error . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : New book by ex-Defense Secretary Gates criticizes Obama , others Reports : Gates writes that Obama lacked conviction on own Afghanistan policies He says Gates also says Obama "  right " on Afghanistan strategy Rothkopf : Gates narrative reflects intractable problem of U.S. overreach in region
CNN  -- Cold water and nude beaches do n't necessarily mix well . Add to the equation a very conservative society and the idea of a nude beach seems rather ambitious , if not impossible . In a surprisingly creative tourism push , officials in north east Gangwon Province are aiming to set up South Korea 's first nude beach , with the first clothes to be shed in 2017 . It 's an effort to boost tourism to the peninsula 's east coast beaches , which lose out every year to the west coast in luring summer visitors from the capital Seoul . Although the east coast has more beautiful , sandy beaches , the water tends to be colder , the season shorter and the distance from Seoul is greater than the beaches to the west . The massively popular annual mud festival is also held on the west coast . Skinny dip-friendly "  This is part of our plans to create beaches with specific purpose , like a beach for families , a beach for couples , a beach for pets , and yes , a nude beach , " said an official from the municipality 's Pan-East Sea Division at a seminar on Tuesday , according to the Korea Times . Calls by CNN to officials were not answered on Thursday . Somewhat surprisingly , this is not the first time the subject has been broached by government officials . And in the past it 's the public that 's shuttered the idea . Gangwon Province tried to launch a female-only nude beach in 2005 , while Gangneung City also deliberated , but ultimately scrapped , a nude beach idea due to public outcry . The same happened to a Jeju Island proposal in 2009 . Which beach ? Officials have not yet decided which beach may be the first to go nude . They are also deliberating over a trial operation for foreigners only . The premise is foreigners will be much more comfortable with the concept than locals . "  Koreans actually love nude beaches when they 're traveling abroad , but the problem with having one within Korea is the fact that Korean society is so interconnected , " Seoul-based travel reporter Chun Kyoung-woo told CNN . "  They wo n't be able to comfortably go to a nude beach due to the thought that people they know will find out about it quite easily . " That threat is reinforced given the country 's has second-highest smartphone penetration rate in the world  73 % , just behind United Arab Emirates ' 73.8 %  and a staggering 82.7 % Internet penetration rate . Early reaction to the concept was skeptical . Twitter user @amudoan : "  Doubtful that people will actually go . And even if they do , it 'll be 99.99 % guys . " @KR_Nanoha tweeted "  why do n't they just call it a men 's sauna ? "  Both comments translated here into English  .	Gangwon Province eyes clothes-free options in attempt to attract tourists Plans for nude beaches in South Korea have been discussed since 2005 Officials are mulling a possible foreigner-only trial run
A former U.S. soldier has been arrested and charged with illegally using a weapon on behalf of an al Qaeda-affiliated group in Syria . Eric Harroun , 30 , of Phoenix was arrested Tuesday night by the FBI at a hotel near Washington Dulles International Airport in Virginia . A Justice Department official tells CNN that FBI agents questioned Harroun at the hotel , then took him into custody . Harroun appeared Thursday in federal court in Alexandria , Virginia , and was charged in connection with his alleged use of a rocket-propelled grenade in Syria . The law used to charge him states , "  Any national of the United States who , without lawful authority , uses or threatens , attempts , or conspires to use a weapon of mass destruction outside of the U.S. shall be imprisoned for any term of years or for life , or if death results , may be punished by death . " Harroun served with the U.S. Army from 2000 to 2003 . He is not charged with targeting U.S. troops in Iraq . The organization he allegedly fought with , al-Nusra Front , is one of several aliases used by the al Qaeda in Iraq terrorist organization . The organization claims responsibility for nearly 600 terrorist attacks in Syria , the Justice Department said . An FBI affidavit says Harroun crossed into Syria in January 2013 and fought against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces . He posted photos and videos of himself on the Internet handling RPGs and other weapons , it said . The Pentagon declined to comment on Harroun 's arrest . However , "  It 's always a concern when terrorist networks in that part of the world and elsewhere seek to recruit Americans , whether they 're in the military or not , " spokesman George Little told CNN 's Erin Burnett . "  I do n't think this is a widespread phenomenon , and most of our people in this country -- and certainly most men and women in the military -- would not consider joining a terrorist network , " Little added . Ex-U.S. soldier charged with helping terrorists in Syria Saudi native charged in New York with fighting for al Qaeda	Army veteran Eric Harroun fought Syria 's government , affidavit says Group he allegedly fought for is part of terror group , Justice Department says FBI arrests Harroun at hotel near Washington
CNN  -- When Petra Kvitova won her first grand slam title and the season-ending championships in 2011 , big things were expected of the Czech tennis player . It 's been a bumpy ride since , as the Czech struggled to live up to expectations last year , but Saturday 's victory in the Dubai Tennis Championships final is evidence that the 22-year-old is getting back on track . Kvitova overcame a mid-match scare to beat last year 's French Open finalist Sara Errani 6-2 1-6 6-1 to become the first player from her country to win the $ 2 million tournament . "  I 'm glad how I 'm playing right now -- that 's the important thing for me , " said Kvitova , who had not won two matches in a row at a WTA event since August before last week 's Doha tournament . "  I 'm not thinking this is a turning point for me . Yes , it was a lot of great players here and it was hard to beat them , but I 'm still just thinking about my game . That 's the priority . " It was the former Wimbledon champion 's first title in six months , and her biggest since the WTA Championships in Istanbul , as the world No. 8 took home the $ 442,000 first prize . It capped a big week for Kvitova , who beat former world No. 1 and 2011 Dubai champion Caroline Wozniacki in the semifinals after ending the title defense of fourth-ranked Agnieszka Radwanska following a straight-sets win over Ana Ivanovic . She has bounced back from a shock second-round loss to British teenager Laura Robson at January 's Australian Open and a surprise defeat by French wild-card entry Kristina Mladenovic at the Paris Open , winning both matches as the Czechs thrashed Australia in the first match of their Fed Cup title defense . Fifth seed Errani , ranked one place higher than Kvitova , was blown away in the first set but bounced back to take the second as she adopted a more aggressive game and won six games in a row . However , the Italian was unable to maintain that momentum and win her first title this year , and seventh of her career . "  I knew I had to keep fighting for every ball , because she was really on fire in the second set and continued that in the third too , " said Kvitova , whose coach missed the tournament to go on holiday . "  I was just thinking to not give up and just fight for every point . When it was 2-1 and she missed a volley , I think that was a turning point for me . "  I was quite down after the second set . I just tried to stay positive and just play . " Both players had reached the quarterfinals of the previous tournament in Qatar , where Kvitova lost to new world No. 1 Serena Williams and Errani was beaten by her predecessor Victoria Azarenka . "  This court is very fast , so it 's not my favorite court and it 's tough for me to play on this court , so making the final is a very good tournament for me , " Errani said . Doha champion Azarenka and runner-up Williams both pulled out of Dubai due to injuries -- the Belorussian before the tournament , and the American just ahead of her opening match . On the men 's ATP World Tour , sixth-ranked Tomas Berdych will play No. 8 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in Sunday 's final of the Marseille Open . Kvitova 's compatriot Berdych beat Russian qualifier Dmitry Tursunov 6-2 6-1 , while Tsonga was similarly dominant as he defeated fellow Frenchman Gilles Simon 6-2 6-2 . World No. 4 David Ferrer has reached the final of the Copa Claro in Argentina , where he is defending his title . The Australian Open semifinalist beat compatriot Tommy Robredo 6-3 6-2 on Saturday , while Stanislas Wawrinka beat yet another Spaniard in Nicolas Almagro , winning 6-3 7-5 . The Swiss third seed reached his first final since January 2011 , and has a 3-6 record in title matches .	World No. 8 Petra Kvitova triumphs in $ 2 million Dubai tournament Czech beats seventh-ranked Italian Sara Errani 6-2 1-6 6-1 in Saturday 's final It is her first title in six months and the 10th of the 2011 Wimbledon winner 's career Her compatriot Tomas Berdych plays Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in Sunday 's Marseille Open final
The Hollywood Reporter  The all-new , all-female Ghostsbusters are here . Melissa McCarthy , who was already in talks for one of the leads , has signed on for the Paul Feig-directed reboot , and the studio is now negotiating with Kristen Wiig , as well as "  Saturday Night Live " players Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon , The Hollywood Reporter has learned . Negotiations are ongoing but the quartet are expected to sign on as the specter-seeking , poltergeist-punishing and phantom-phollowing foursome in the reboot , which is eyeing a summer shoot in New York . McCarthy and Wiig have worked with Feig before , both breaking out with the director 's "  Bridesmaids " comedy . Female Ghostbusters ? Why Studios Want More Women-Led Blockbusters Jones , who is currently on screen in Chris Rock 's "  Top Five , " joined SNL early last year and this fall was promoted to feature player status . McKinnon has been on "  SNL " since 2012 and last year was nominated for an Emmy for her work . The "  Ghostbusters " reboot has seen a long development process . Original director Ivan Reitman was on board to return , but while original castmembers Dan Aykroyd , Harold Ramis and Ernie Hudson had agreed to reprise their characters , Bill Murray proved elusive . Then Reitman bowed out of the project when Ramis passed away last year . Feig was then approached to direct and reconceived the project as a reboot starring an all-female cast . Wiig is repped by UTA , Odenkirk Provissiero Entertainment and Jackoway Tyerman . Jones is repped by APA and Integral Entertaiment while McKinnon is repped by UTA and Principate-Young Entertainment . Feig confirmed the information in a tweet showing images of the four women .	"  SNL " players join Melissa McCarthy , Kristen Wiig in "  Ghostbusters " remake
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Troubled singer Amy Winehouse has been admitted to a London hospital after suffering a bad reaction to medication , her representative said Tuesday . Amy Winehouse has undeniable talent , but has become better known for her wild behavior . Winehouse , 25 , went to the private London Clinic on Sunday , said her spokesman , Chris Goodman . He said Winehouse 's medication made her ill and her doctors asked her to come in so they could investigate . Goodman did not disclose what type of medication was involved , saying only it is part of her "  ongoing treatment . " It was not clear Tuesday whether she had been discharged . Yesterday Winehouse 's husband Blake Fielder-Civil lost his appeal against his 27-month jail term for assault and perverting the course of justice . Earlier this month he was moved from prison to a drug rehabilitation unit . The Grammy-winning Winehouse has suffered a string of health problems in recent years , many related to her battles with drug addiction . She spent two weeks in a drug rehabilitation clinic in January . See a timeline of Winehouse 's career " One of her biggest hits is the song "  Rehab , " describing her reluctance to enter a clinic . Another bad reaction to medication prompted Winehouse to enter a London hospital in July , but she was discharged the next day . Winehouse won five Grammy awards earlier this year -- three for "  Rehab , " as well as Album of the Year and Best New Artist .	Amy Winehouse representative : Singer has had bad reaction to medication Another bad reaction to medication prompted Winehouse to enter hospital in July Grammy-winning Winehouse has suffered a string of health problems
HLN  HLN 's #MeForReal is an uplifting , revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online . We want to see the REAL parts of life , the ones that do n't get a filter or a Facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless . Tag your favorite unscripted , unedited , un-perfected moments using #MeForReal and see what others are sharing on Facebook , Twitter and the Daily Share . The Internet is always quick to dish out judgmental opinions , such as the body-hate people showed to singer P!nk after she posted a photo of herself in a black dress she wore to a cancer benefit this past weekend  which , if you ask us , was pretty fantastic , and she looked fabulous in it . As a woman with a lot of experience singing to her detractors , though , she knew exactly what to say and how to say it . And when it came to keeping her tongue firmly in cheek while she schooled people who had nothing better to do than be totally rude , she owned it . Clearly , it 's not troubling P!nk or her hubs , Carey Hart  who , by the way , is quite handsome himself , so clearly he has rad taste  . Not only did P!nk 's response rally her fans , but they also started sharing their own photos of themselves post-pregnancy and embracing what P!nk tells her daughter is her "  squishiness . " Postscript for the haters : We think you just racked up MORE fans for P!nk . Now go look in a mirror , and tell us -- are YOU perfect ?	P!nk took to Twitter to address online comments about her body Her "  squishiness " is a result of happiness , she says
CNN  The U.S. military is bringing home all but 100 troops sent to West Africa 10 months ago to support efforts to battle the Ebola epidemic , the Pentagon announced Tuesday in a press release . "  At the height of the epidemic , there were 2,800 DoD -LSB- Department of Defense -RSB- personnel deployed to West Africa , " Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said . "  Given the success of the U.S. response to the crisis , the majority of DoD personnel in West Africa will now return home . "  Today , around 1,500 of them are already back to their duty stations and nearly all will return by April 30 . All have or will undergo established controlled monitoring procedures . " Kirby said about 100 military service members will remain in West Africa to support the 10,000 civilian responders who remain . These service members will "  build on a strong military partnership with the Armed Forces of Liberia to enhance their Ebola response efforts and provide disaster response training to the government of Liberia , " he said . There have been more than 22,000 reported confirmed , probable and suspected cases of Ebola since the outbreak began , with almost 8,800 known deaths . The World Health Organization said last month that the number of new Ebola cases reported in the three worst-hit countries -- Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea -- fell to its lowest level since late June . WHO said the response has shifted from slowing transmission to ending the epidemic . The White House said President Barack Obama will host some of the people responsible for the success of the U.S. response on Wednesday . "  This response showcased American leadership at its finest on the world stage , just as we came together as a nation to fortify our domestic resilience in the face of understandable apprehension , " the White House said in a news release . "  To be sure , our tasks are far from complete ; we will keep working to meet this challenge until there are zero cases in West Africa and our domestic infrastructure is fully completed . " Rajiv Shah , administrator for the U.S. Agency for International Development , praised the military 's performance . "  Military engineers oversaw the building of new Ebola Treatment Units ; military logisticians directed the deployment of life-saving resources from across the globe ; and military doctors supported the brave men and women who treated patients every day , " Shah said in a news release . "  Just 10 months since the first U.S. government personnel deployed , we have delivered extraordinary results . Across West Africa , cases are down by 80 percent . In Liberia -- once the heart of the epidemic -- we 've helped cut down new cases from more than 30 a day to as few as one or two . "	All but 100 U.S. troops will be brought home from West Africa by April 30 , Pentagon says There have been almost 8,800 known deaths from Ebola since the outbreak began
CNN  -- The consumption of NFL football , America 's most popular sport , is built on game-day traditions . This week fans will dress head-to-toe in team colors and try out new tailgate recipes in parking lots before filing into 16 NFL stadiums to cheer on their team -- which , thanks to the league 's parity , will likely still be in the playoff hunt come December . But a game-day ritual of the digital age -- tracking scores , highlights and social-media chatter on a mobile device -- is n't possible inside many NFL venues because the crush of fans with smartphones can overload cellular networks . The improved home-viewing experience -- high-def TV , watching multiple games at once , real-time fantasy-football updates and interaction via social media -- has left some NFL stadiums scrambling to catch up . It 's one of the reasons why , before rebounding last year , the NFL lost attendance between 2008 and 2011 , forcing the league to alter television-blackout rules . In May 2012 , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced an initiative to outfit all 31 NFL stadiums with Wi-Fi . But with the start of the 2013 regular season just days away , less than half of the NFL 's venues are Wi-Fi enabled and no stadiums have launched new Wi-Fi systems this year . Part of the reason for the delay is some stadium operators are waiting for the next generation of increased Wi-Fi speed before installing networks , said Paul Kapustka , editor in chief for Mobile Sports Report . Another reason , Kapustka said , is that the cost of installing Wi-Fi will come out of the pockets of venue owners and operators who have traditionally not needed to invest in such costly projects . Instead , they receive public money to help build stadiums and television money for the right to broadcast games . "  Stadium owners and operators need to get their hands on the fact that they need to put in Wi-Fi like they need to put in plumbing , " Kapustka said . Brian Lafemina , the NFL 's vice president of club business development , said the league is still searching for a telecommunications partner that can help tackle challenges of stadium location , design and tens of thousands of fans all trying to access the network at the same time . "  Yes , we are working on it as hard as we can , " he said . "  But the technology just is n't where it needs to be to deliver what we want to deliver . " The league is unveiling a variety of technological enhancements at stadiums in 2013 , including cameras in locker rooms , massive video boards that will show replays of every play , a "  fantasy football lounge " with sleek technological amenities , the ability to listen to audio of other games from inside the stadium , team specific fantasy games and free access to the league 's NFL Red Zone cable channel for season ticket holders . Lafemina emphasized the league 's role as a storyteller and said it is striving to use technology to provide fans in stadiums with unique content . "  The most important people in that stadium are the 70,000 paying customers , " he said . Jonathan Kraft , president of the New England Patriots and co-chair of the NFL 's digital media committee , told CNN Money in January that he hopes to have all stadiums equipped with Wi-Fi for the start of the 2015 season . The Patriots helped lead the way last year by offering fans free Wi-Fi throughout Gillette Stadium in Foxboro , Massachusetts . The network was built by New Hampshire-based Enterasys Networks . "  We certainly encourage that any club would invest the way they have , " said Lafemina . Eleven other stadiums currently have Wi-Fi capability : MetLife Stadium in northern New Jersey , the Georgia Dome in Atlanta , Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis , Raymond James Stadium in Tampa , the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans , Bank of America Stadium in Charlotte , Sun Life Stadium in Miami , AT&T Stadium in suburban Dallas , University of Phoenix Stadium in suburban Phoenix , Ford Field in Detroit and Soldier Field in Chicago . The 20 other stadiums have Wi-Fi in certain areas , but mostly operate on wireless service provided by Verizon and/or AT&T . Many of these venues have installed distributed antenna systems  DAS  to increase wireless connectivity while they seek answers to the challenges of enabling stadiums with Wi-Fi . DAS connects cellular antennas to a common source , allowing wireless access in large buildings like stadiums . Mobile Sports Report published its inaugural State of the Stadium Technology Survey this year , based on responses from more than 50 NFL , MLB , NBA , NHL , university , pro soccer , pro golf and car racing sites . The survey concluded DAS is currently more popular at venues because it boosts connectivity to mobile devices while dividing costs between carriers and the facility . Cleveland Browns fans will benefit from a new DAS tower , installed by Verizon , and an upgraded AT&T tower this year at FirstEnergy Stadium , Browns President Alec Scheiner said the improved technology will serve as a test case for whether to install Wi-Fi in the future . "  If you are a consumer or a fan , you really just care about being able to get on your mobile device , and that 's what we 're trying to tackle , " he said during a July press conference . Kapustka said DAS is a quick fix and is not a long-term strategy , especially when it comes to fans watching TV replays on their mobile devices . "  The video angle is the big thing for Wi-Fi , " he said . "  Cellular just simply wo n't be able to handle the bandwidth . " He also pointed out that it is not in the best business interest of cellphone carriers to install Wi-Fi , as it would take customers off their networks . Also complicating Kraft 's 2015 goal is the lack of league consensus about who will build Wi-Fi networks in all of its stadiums , and when . By contrast , Major League Baseball named wireless-tech company Qualcomm its official technology partner in April , launching a two-year study to solve mobile-connectivity issues in its 30 stadiums . Kapustka said MLB was in a position to strike the overarching deal with Qualcomm because team owners made the league responsible for digital properties during the 1990s . The NFL has a variety of rights deals , including Direct TV and Verizon , which make it more difficult for the league to agree on a single Wi-Fi plan , he said . "  My opinion is they  the NFL  will eventually have something more like MLB , " Kapustka said . "  MLB has shown it is a great way to make money . "	Despite efforts of commissioner Roger Goodell , less than half NFL stadiums have Wi-Fi At games , the crush of fans with smartphones can overload cellular networks The improved home-viewing experience may have caused a recent dip in NFL attendance Some stadium operators are waiting for a faster version of Wi-Fi to be developed
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Slashing red tape or ignoring ordinarily required paperwork , officials in the United States and the Netherlands have cleared the way for scores of Haitian orphans to leave their earthquake-ravaged homeland , according to officials from the two countries . All of the children had adoptions pending with prospective parents in the two countries before Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake , and government officials said paperwork was expedited or put on hold to make transfers happen on an emergency basis . 300 children have pending adoption cases with American families . Six children arrived in Florida Sunday night , met by their adoptive parents with hugs and tears of happiness . The Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs has chartered a plane to pick up about 100 children Monday , spokesman Aad Meijer told CNN . Dutch Justice Minister Ernst Hirsch Ballin over the weekend granted the children entry into the country , although their paperwork , including travel and adoption documents , was incomplete , Justice Ministry spokesman Patrick Mikkelsen told CNN . About 44 of the orphans ' adoptions had yet to be approved by a Haitian judge , even though they were matched to Dutch parents , Mikkelsen said . Dutch officials may seek the remaining approvals from Haiti once the children have already settled in the Netherlands , he added . Haiti is home to about 380,000 orphans , according to the United Nations Children 's Fund , and that number is expected to grow in the wake of Tuesday 's earthquake . And those who lived in orphanages before Tuesday may be homeless now , as reports of destroyed orphanages have come throughout the quake zone . Full coverage of the earthquake in Haiti Some children who lost parents in the quake or were separated from parents are being relocated to the Dominican Republic , a child advocacy group said . About 50 orphaned and abandoned children will arrive in the border town of Jimani on Wednesday , Kids Alive International said . The efforts , coordinated with the governments of both countries , will eventually take the children back to Haiti . Some will be reunited with parents who lost communication with their children in the quake 's aftermath , the group said . View or add to CNN 's database of missing persons in Haiti CNN 's Melissa Gray and Richard Greene in London contributed to this report .	U.S. , Dutch officials slash red tape to expedite Haitian orphan adoptions Six adopted Haitian children arrived in Miami tonight , met by their adoptive parents Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs charters plane to pick up about 100 kids Monday Watch "  Haiti How You Can Help " a special Larry King Live , tonight 8 p.m. ET
We do n't yet know how or why the Tsarnaev brothers , the alleged Boston Marathon bombers , decided to carry out their attacks , but a look at how their stories correlate with those of some other terrorists living in the West could provide some answers to the questions that many are now asking about them . 1 . How could someone who grew up in the United States , as the younger brother did , become a terrorist ? Major Nidal Malik Hasan , who killed 13 people at Fort Hood Army Base in Texas in 2009 , was born and raised in Virginia . He self-radicalized , in part , over the Internet , which he used to reach out to the Yemen-based preacher Anwar al-Awlaki for advice about whether it is permissible for Muslim soldiers in the U.S. military to kill their comrades in the name of jihad . Awlaki , a leader of al Qaeda 's affiliate in Yemen , was somewhat noncommittal in his responses but did not discourage the act . Investigators will surely be combing through the e-mail traffic of the Tsarnaev brothers to see if they either reached out to militant Islamist clerics or downloaded lectures by such clerics . They will also examine the brothers ' Internet usage to see if they visited jihadist forums or downloaded propaganda from al Qaeda or other allied groups . And of course , it 's possible their decision to carry out the attacks was reached without any outside influence . Boston suspects : Immigrant dream to American nightmare 2 . How do you square the multiple descriptions of the brothers as "  good guys " with the fact that they plotted mass murder ? It 's worth recalling that Mohammed Sidique Khan , the leader of the suicide attackers who bombed the London transit system in 2005 killing 52 commuters , was a beloved teacher at a primary school in the northern city of Leeds who taught children with developmental problems , and the happily married 30-year-old father of a baby daughter . Colleagues and acquaintances described Khan as a gentle , kind man . No surprise then that we are hearing some similar positive characterizations of the brothers Tsarnaev . 3 . Did the brothers have any training or practice on explosives ? It seems quite unlikely that the perpetrators would have been able to successfully set off two deadly bombs within seconds of each other without some sort of training or practice . Bomb-making recipes certainly exist on the Internet , but actually building effective bombs is generally a skill that requires some training or practice , and even then a successful detonation is not guaranteed . Faizal Shahzad , for instance , received bomb-making training from the Pakistani Taliban before he constructed a bomb in an SUV that fizzled out rather than blowing up as he intended in Times Square on May 1 , 2010 . The older Tsarnaev brother , Tamerlan , spent six months in Russia last year . What precisely he did there will surely be of intense interest to investigators . Could he have received some kind of bomb-training from Chechen militants who are experienced in making explosives ? Najibullah Zazi , a Pakistani-American who had also lived for many years in the United States , plotted to blow up bombs on the Manhattan subway around the eighth anniversary of 9/11 . Zazi travelled to Pakistan a year before his planned attacks to learn bomb-making techniques from al Qaeda militants . Was this the kind of model that Tamerlan Tsarnaev followed ? Also , might the Tsarnaev brothers have done some kind of test runs of their explosive devices in the United States ? Opinion : Suspects ' culture of migration and machismo 4 . If the brothers ' motivation had something to do with their Chechen heritage , how might that have played out in this case ? In the years after 9/11 , dozens of young Somali-American men traveled to fight in the civil war in Somalia . Just as the Tsarnaev brothers , these Somali-Americans were first-generation Americans . For these new Americans , the politics of their homeland can sometimes become more meaningful and important than it was for their parents who fled the chaos of their native countries for the safety of the United States , and who now want to put those conflicts behind them . What exactly prompted the FBI to interview Tamerlan Tsarnaev in 2011 , following a tip from Russia that he was "  a follower of radical Islam " and was contemplating leaving the United States to join a clandestine organization ? 5 . Did FBI officials make a mistake when they questioned Tamerlan , but did n't seem to further monitor him ? Maybe . This is reminiscent of the case of Major Hasan whose emails to fellow militants came to the attention of the feds before he killed his fellow soldiers at Ft. Hood , but were not followed up on . Carlos Bledsoe , a convert to Islam , shot up a military recruiting office Little Rock , Arkansas , killing a soldier in 2009 . Bledsoe was also on the radar of the feds before he travelled to Yemen . It was only after this trip to Yemen , where he linked up with an al Qaeda affiliate , that Bledsoe carried out the shooting at the recruiting office . 6 . Did the brothers intend to die during the attacks or their aftermath ? It seems shocking to many that the Tsarnaev brothers might have been wearing suicide vests during their gun battle with police on Thursday night , but in reality several U.S. citizens and residents have intended to die in terrorist attacks . Three of the young Somali-American men who traveled from Minnesota to fight in civil war in Somalia later carried out suicide attacks there . Major Hasan undoubtedly went into his attack on a military base full of armed U.S. soldiers believing that it would be the last thing he did before he died .  That prediction did not come true . He was wounded in the attack but not killed  . The Al Qaeda recruit Zazi , who plotted to bomb the Manhattan subway in the summer of 2009 , planned to die in this attack but was arrested before he could pull it off . Analysis : Older suspect grew increasingly religious 7 . Were the brothers really "  lone wolves " ? Given all the mayhem the two brothers are allegedly responsible for -- two bombings that caused three deaths and some two hundred injuries at the Boston Marathon as well as the subsequent murder of a policeman at MIT -- did they have some kind of additional help ? According to Boston law enforcement officials , there is no evidence of such help and it 's worth recalling that Hasan was entirely a lone wolf who nonetheless managed to kill 13 on a U.S. military base with heavy security . 8 . Did the older Tsarnaev radicalize his younger brother ? Perhaps . Where there is some kind of terrorist cell there is sometimes a leader who instigates action . We saw this in the case in Lackawanna , New York where a group of Yemeni-American men who trained with al Qaeda in Afghanistan before 9/11 were radicalized by Kamal Derwish , a Yemeni American who had spent many years living in Saudi Arabia . Derwish encouraged his fellow Yemeni-Americans to travel to Afghanistan for military training . 9 . How unusual is it for brothers to carry out terrorist attacks together ? More frequent than you might think . The deadliest terrorist attack in U.S. history on 9/11 involved three pairs of brothers among the 19 hijackers : brothers Waleed and Wail al-Sheri , Hamza and Ahmed al-Ghamdi and Nawaf and Salem al-Hazmi .	Peter Bergen : Many unresolved questions about how or why brothers carried out bombing He says experience of other terrorists in the West could shed some light Some who spent formative years in U.S. were radicalized over the Internet , he says Bergen : Three pairs of brothers were among 19 hijackers on September 11
CNN  -- The fall of the Berlin Wall , and the eventual disintegration of the Soviet Union , were overwhelmingly positive events -- a near miracle , in fact , given the potential for widespread chaos and violence . But as we prepare to mark the 25th anniversary of the Wall 's fall , it is important to also remember some of the less pleasant side-effects . Indeed , this Sunday and beyond we have a responsibility to consider not only the joy and liberation of so many in Europe at the time , but also the repercussions that landmark event continues to have for the world today . For a start , it 's worth remembering that not all Western policymakers were thrilled , at least in the early stages , at the prospect of the end of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union . After all , although the Cold War offered a wretched global order , it was at least a form of order . And so it was not unreasonable for those who remembered at least one global conflict -- World War II -- to feel a little anxiety about state disintegration and the potential spread of nuclear weapons , among other things . But the end of the Cold War was not just about the break up of the Soviet empire . In fact , it involved three related but distinct events -- the end of a global strategic confrontation between NATO , the Soviet Union , and their allies and proxies ; the effective end of a global ideological struggle between capitalism and communism ; and the partial disintegration of the Russian Empire , of which the Soviet Union was simply the latest manifestation . The end of the global confrontation was as much , if not more , of a relief in what used to be known as the Third World , or non-aligned countries . It is easy for those who live in Europe and North America to forget that this "  cold war " did not feel that way at all in swathes of Africa , Latin America and the Far East , where regional conflicts and civil wars both fed and were exacerbated by the wider tensions between the world 's two great power blocks . And while it may be no comfort to the people of the former Yugoslavia , or the victims of the genocide in Rwanda , for example , the absence of such confrontation has contributed to the steady decline of conflict worldwide , as well as easing the considerable fears over a possible nuclear exchange and conflict . But the end of the ideological struggle arguably began a decade before 1989 , with the partial conversion , at least in economic terms , of Communist China under Deng Xiaoping . In fact , one could argue that even before the late 1980s , the Soviet Union and its satellites were no longer trying to spread a credible alternative to capitalism , but were instead simply clinging on for dear life .  Although Soviet leaders might smile wryly at the scene now , where democracy has found its credibility battered by a global financial crisis and the seeming dysfunction of its political institutions  . Still , as we are frequently reminded , the collapse of the Soviet Union was a traumatic and humiliating experience for many of its citizens , even if it also resulted in unmitigated jubilation for comparable numbers of others . Indeed , even today , the combination of the dramatic loss of global status , the perceived dismembering of its country by foreign powers , and the economic hardship many Russians experienced in the transition to the political system of their country 's former enemy has produced a toxic cocktail for much of Russian society . The fact is that cynicism and arbitrary rule have displaced the heady optimism of the 1990s , and in many Russians ' eyes , liberal democracy is  wrongly  considered to have been tried and thoroughly discredited . Such perceived failures have left us where we are now , in a new strategic and ideological confrontation between Russia and the West over Ukraine . However , unlike the Cold War , this tension is regional , not global , and it is portrayed by Russian President Vladimir Putin as being between "  liberal " and "  conservative " values , not capitalism and communism .  And it is also being fought mostly through non-conventional , economic and information warfare , rather than an enormous buildup of hard power , although a more conventional conflict has raged in the east of Ukraine  . Why is all this worth remembering now ? Because 25 years on , it is no longer satisfactory only to discuss what may have disappeared between 1989 and 1991 -- we must also consider what eventually replaced it . The harsh reality , despite the excitement and optimism at the time , is that the Cold War order did not give way to peace and prosperity across the world . Instead , we have a messier picture , with varying degrees of success and failure . From the war in Ukraine to the unrest in the Middle East , the West is faced with threats to its security that are less clear-cut than our confrontation with the Soviet Union , and also less predictable and much harder to understand . This is the reality we have inherited , and we must maintain our vigilance and be more creative in developing strategies to address the challenges we face . The Age of Triumph , if it ever existed , is over .	Malcolm Rifkind is a former British foreign secretary Fall of Berlin Wall was overwhelmingly positive , Rifkind writes But not all the side-effects were , he says Rifkind : West facing new confrontation with Russia
CNN  -- The 2014 Screen Actors Guild Awards were handed out at Los Angeles ' Shrine Exposition Center on January 18 . Take a look at the full list of winners , marked here in bold . Motion Picture Nominees Outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture • "  12 Years a Slave " • "  American Hustle " -- WINNER • "  August : Osage County " • "  Dallas Buyers Club " • "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " Outstanding performance by a male actor in a leading role • Bruce Dern , "  Nebraska " • Chiwetel Ejiofor , "  12 Years a Slave " • Tom Hanks , "  Captain Phillips " • Matthew McConaughey , "  Dallas Buyers Club " -- WINNER • Forest Whitaker , "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " Outstanding performance by a female actor in a leading role • Cate Blanchett , "  Blue Jasmine " -- WINNER • Sandra Bullock , "  Gravity " • Judi Dench , "  Philomena " • Meryl Streep , "  August : Osage County " • Emma Thompson , "  Saving Mr. Banks " Outstanding performance by a male actor in a supporting role • Barkhad Abdi , "  Captain Phillips " • Daniel Bruhl , "  Rush " • Michael Fassbender , "  12 Years a Slave " • James Gandolfini , "  Enough Said " • Jared Leto , "  Dallas Buyers Club " -- WINNER Outstanding performance by a female actor in a supporting role • Jennifer Lawrence , "  American Hustle " • Lupita Nyong ` o , "  12 Years a Slave " -- WINNER • Julia Roberts , "  August : Osage County " • June Squibb , "  Nebraska " • Oprah Winfrey , "  Lee Daniels ' The Butler " Television Nominees Outstanding performance by a male actor in a television movie or miniseries • Matt Damon , "  Behind the Candelabra " • Michael Douglas , "  Behind the Candelabra " -- WINNER • Jeremy Irons , "  The Hollow Crown " • Rob Lowe , "  Killing Kennedy " • Al Pacino , "  Phil Spector " Outstanding performance by a female actor in a television movie or miniseries • Angela Bassett , "  Betty & Coretta " • Helena Bonham Carter , "  Burton and Taylor " • Holly Hunter , "  Top of the Lake " • Helen Mirren , "  Phil Spector " -- WINNER • Elisabeth Moss , "  Top of the Lake " Outstanding performance by a male actor in a drama series • Steve Buscemi , "  Boardwalk Empire " • Bryan Cranston , "  Breaking Bad " -- WINNER • Jeff Daniels , "  The Newsroom " • Peter Dinklage , "  Game of Thrones " • Kevin Spacey , "  House of Cards " Outstanding performance by a female actor in a drama series • Claire Danes , "  Homeland " • Anna Gunn , "  Breaking Bad " • Jessica Lange , "  American Horror Story : Coven " • Maggie Smith , "  Downton Abbey " -- WINNER • Kerry Washington , "  Scandal " Outstanding performance by a male actor in a comedy series • Alec Baldwin , "  30 Rock " • Jason Bateman , "  Arrested Development " • Ty Burrell , "  Modern Family " -- WINNER • Don Cheadle , "  House of Lies " • Jim Parsons , "  The Big Bang Theory " Outstanding performance by a female actor in a comedy series • Mayim Bialik , "  The Big Bang Theory " • Julie Bowen , "  Modern Family " • Edie Falco , "  Nurse Jackie " • Tina Fey , "  30 Rock " • Julia Louis-Dreyfus , " Veep " -- WINNER Outstanding performance by an ensemble in a drama series • "  Boardwalk Empire " • "  Breaking Bad " -- WINNER • "  Downton Abbey " • "  Game of Thrones " • "  Homeland " Outstanding performance by an ensemble in a comedy series • "  30 Rock " • "  Arrested Development " • "  The Big Bang Theory " • "  Modern Family " -- WINNER • "  Veep " Stunt Ensembles Outstanding action performance by a stunt ensemble in a motion picture • "  All is Lost " • "  Fast & Furious 6 " • "  Lone Survivor " -- WINNER • "  Rush " " • "  The Wolverine " Outstanding action performance by a stunt ensemble in a comedy or drama series • "  Boardwalk Empire " • "  Breaking Bad " • "  Game of Thrones " -- WINNER • "  Homeland " • "  The Walking Dead " Life achievement award Rita Moreno 5 show-stealing moments	The 2014 SAG Awards were handed out on January 18 "  American Hustle " won outstanding performance by a movie cast "  Modern Family " won best comedy ensemble "  Breaking Bad " took home the award for best drama ensemble
CNN  -- He 's gone from being a backup dancer to the biggest thing in Asian pop culture , an actor and singer who has sold millions of albums . The 27-year-old South Korean has even faced down U.S. comedian Steven Colbert in a spoof dance-off . The comedy skit came about after Rain placed higher than him in Time Magazine 's 2008 online poll of the 100 Most Influential People . As well as a sense of humor and dance moves that shook Colbert out of his satirical posture to praise , Rain is also known as one of the hardest working men in the entertainment business . Rain , real name Jung Ji-hoon , broke into the notoriously tough world of South Korean show business with JYP Entertainment when he was just 18 years old . He made his first mark in Hollywood last year with a role in "  Speed Racer " appearing alongside Christina Ricci and Matthew Fox . As a singer with five albums to his name , he 's faced thousands of screaming fans at concerts across the world , and recently he faced your questions . Watch the show and find out what makes Rain tick .	Korean pop culture sensation will be on Talk Asia later this month 27-year-old has gone from backup dancer to appearing in Hollywood films Rain will be appearing with answers to your questions
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal has reached the semifinals of the Japan Open in Tokyo , but the tournament 's second seed Andy Roddick is out . Top seed Nadal beat Russia 's Dimitry Tursunov 6-4 6-1 in just 72 minutes in Thursday 's quarterfinal , despite having been a break of serve down in the opening set . The Spaniard will next face Serbia 's Viktor Troicki , who put out Guillermo Garcia-Lopez -- Nadal 's conqueror in last week 's Thailand Open semifinals . "  It 's good for the confidence to keep winning after taking an important title like the U.S. Open , " the 24-year-old Nadal told the official ATP website . "  When I go on court and I see a full stadium like here today , it is very nice . It is good for everyone . " However , it was not such a good day for 28-year-old American Roddick , who had a match-point in the final set of his quarterfinal , before going on to lose 7-6  7-5  4-6 7-6  8-6  to fifth seed Gael Monfils . It is the second year in a row Monfils has made the semifinals in Japan , and the Frenchman will be hoping to go one better on Saturday by defeating Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic . The unseeded Stepanek received a walkover to the next round , after Finland 's Jarko Niemenen was forced to pull out of the tournament due to illness . Meanwhile at the China Open , top seed Novak Djokovic moved one step closer to defending his title in Beijing after defeating France 's Gilles Simon . Djokovic came through 6-3 6-2 and the Serbian will now play big-serving American John Isner in the semis . Isner , ranked 22 in the world , upset fourth seed Nikolay Davydenko of Russia 7-6  7-2  6-4 to book his match-up against the world number two on Saturday . World number four Andy Murray did not make the semifinals however , beaten 6-4 6-2 by Croatia 's 17th-ranked Ivan Ljubicic . Ljubicic will play David Ferrer after the eight-seeded Spaniard stunned Sweden 's No. 3 Robin Soderling 6-2 6-4 . In the women 's tournament , new world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki moved into the semifinals with a 7-6  7-1  6-4 victory over former top-ranked Serbian Ana Ivanovic of Serbia . The 20-year-old Dane , who will be officially unveiled as Serena Williams ' successor at the summit next week , will play Shahar Peer on Saturday after the Israeli 15th seed ended the run of young Swiss prospect Timea Bacsinszky with a 7-6  7-4  6-4 win in the final last-eight match . Second seed Vera Zvonareva thrashed French Open champion Francesca Schiavone 6-0 6-2 to also reach the last four , where the Russian will take on home hope Li Na . The Chinese ninth seed defeated Latvian qualifier Anastasija Sevastova 7-6  8-6  6-3 . Italy 's Schiavone has now qualified for the end-of-season WTA Championships along with Australia 's Samantha Stosur , who she beat in the final at Roland Garros . Wozniacki , Zvonareva , Williams and U.S. Open champion Kim Clijsters had already sealed places in the eight-woman event in Doha .	Rafael Nadal beats Russia 's Dimitry Tursunov in the quarterfinals of Japan Open World number one will next play Viktor Troicki of Serbia for place in final Second seed Andy Roddick lost to France 's Gael Monfils , who faces Radek Stepanek World No. 2 Novak Djokovic will play American John Isner for place in China Open final
Mashable  -- Charlie Sheen may or may not be "  winning , " in life , but he has won a rare honor : the "  Fastest Time to Reach 1 Million Followers " Guinness World Record . Guinness community manager Dan Barrett says the agency "  just researched and approved " the record this morning . According to Barrett , Sheen reached that milestone in 25 hours and 17 minutes . As of this writing , Sheen 's Twitter account , @CharlieSheen , has more than 1.3 million followers . Guinness did not have a previous record for that category , Barrett says . Sheen also set a Guinness record for "  Highest Paid TV Actor Per Episode -- Current " at $ 1.25 million . Sheen joined Twitter March 1 . In a matter of minutes , Sheen acquired more than 60,000 followers and a Klout score of 57 -- without even tweeting . According to a report in Advertising Age , Sheen was able to get his account verified so quickly because Internet startup Ad.ly brokered his account with Twitter . Sheen , of course , has been all over the news since he publicly disparaged Chuck Lorre , producer of Sheen 's successful sitcom "  Two and a Half Men " in a bizarre interview with Alex Jones of InfoWars last month . Since then , Sheen has been interviewed by various other high-profile outlets making equally odd statements . The public meltdown has made Sheen a continual trending topic on Twitter and the subject of several YouTube parodies . For Guinness , this is the second high-profile application of the brand 's records system to social media . Last month , the Nabisco cookie brand Oreo and rapper Lil Wayne squared off for the record for the most Facebook likes . Lil Wayne won that contest handily . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Sheen reached Twitter milestone in 25 hours and 17 minutes As of this writing , Sheen 's Twitter account , has more than 1.3 million followers This is the second high-profile application of the brand 's records system to social media
CNN  -- President Obama on Monday strongly praised a decision by the nation 's pharmaceutical industry to agree to a deal cutting drug costs for elderly Americans , calling it an example of the kind of compromise required for successful national health care reform . President Obama says the pharmaceutical industry announcement "  marks a major step forward . " The agreement discounts medications for Medicare beneficiaries facing high out-of-pocket expenses when their benefits reach a gap in coverage . "  This is a significant breakthrough on the road to health care reform , one that will make the difference in the lives of many older Americans , " Obama said at the White House . "  Today marks a major step forward , but it will only be meaningful if we complete the journey . ... I have to repeat and revive an old saying we had from the campaign : Yes , we can . We are going to get this done . " The nation 's top drug manufacturers agreed over the weekend to at least a 50 percent discount for most beneficiaries for brand-name medicines purchased in the so-called "  doughnut hole " gap in coverage , Obama noted . The gap involves medication costs of senior citizens between roughly $ 2,700 and $ 6,100 a year that are not covered by the Medicare part D plan . The deal will be part of an $ 80 billion reduction in Medicare drug costs for senior citizens over the next 10 years , according to Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , D-Montana , who helped negotiate the agreement . Part of that $ 80 billion will go to closing the Medicare prescription drug "  doughnut hole . " Congressional staffers did not have precise estimates , but Finance Committee spokesman Erin Shields said they expect the $ 80 billion commitment to both cover the Medicare drug gap and leave additional money for other , still unannounced , programs . The American Association of Retired People , the nation 's largest organization of senior citizens , has praised the pharmaceutical industry agreement as a step toward health care reform . Obama spokesman Robert Gibbs noted Monday that AARP was opposed to health care reform during the first term of former President Bill Clinton in the early 1990s . "  You 've got the pharmaceutical industry and the largest group representing seniors in this country , who 16 years ago were n't at the table but were on the other side of the political debate , " Gibbs said of groups expressing support Monday for health care reform . "  I think that represents progress and important steps towards real reform . " Overhauling health care is a top priority of Obama 's administration , but the initial proposals to reach Congress last week received a rocky reception . The Congressional Budget Office determined that either of two similar bills written by Senate Democrats would cost more than $ 1 trillion , which was higher than expected . Republican opponents immediately slammed the measures , and the Senate Finance Committee delayed scheduled hearings on one of the bills . Hearings by the Senate Committee on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions on the other measure began amid intense partisan bickering , with hundreds of amendments proposed by Republican opponents . At least two more bills are expected from the House of Representatives , and a bipartisan group led by former Senate majority leaders Tom Daschle , Howard Baker and Bob Dole also has offered guidelines for a proposal . At issue is how best to reduce the cost and increase the reach of the current health care system , which officials say is increasingly draining personal , corporate and government budgets while leaving 46 million Americans without health insurance . Obama has warned that a failure to act soon will bring far worse economic difficulties than the costs of plans under discussion . Both parties in Congress agree on the need to slow the increase in health care costs while ensuring that all Americans can get health insurance , but they differ sharply on how to proceed . Democrats generally favor a government-funded "  public option " to compete with private insurers . Republicans have said such a step would lead to a government takeover of health care , which they oppose . Republicans also accuse Obama and Democrats of trying to rush through what they say is flawed legislation in 2009 before the politics of midterm elections in 2010 and the 2012 presidential race . The parties do appear to agree on several broad principles , however , including an emphasis on preventive care , cost-cutting measures in the existing Medicare and Medicaid programs , and a halt to denials of coverage because of pre-existing medical conditions . CNN 's Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	Deal discounts drugs for some on Medicare when benefits reach gap in coverage Deal part of $ 80 billion reduction in Medicare drug costs for senior citizens Health care overhaul a priority for President Obama ; early plans have had hang-ups
CNN  -- On Tuesday night , President Barack Obama will deliver his fifth State of the Union message . He will declare to a dysfunctional Congress , weakened by years of gridlock , that the union is sound -- even if effectively only two-thirds of the government is functioning . Obama will discuss sustained growth in jobs , the economy and health care ; partnering with the private sector ; working with educators , mayors , governors -- anyone who 's willing to get the job done . He 'll outline plans to repair an endangered planet 's environment , to strengthen our arms and cyber defenses , to put immigration reform behind us and a stronger workforce ahead of us . The White House says three words summarize Obama 's message : "  Opportunity , action and optimism . " And Washington cynics respond with cliched eye-rolling , muttering , "  Sure , sure . " The clock -- so they say -- is ticking down on the last three years of his administration . Not so fast . Maybe Obama is planting policy and nurturing programs that will bear fruit long after he leaves office . Congress , on the other hand ... Opinion : Obama , the pain and fear must be named In the past , Obama urged the Congress to "  Seize the Day . " Instead , it seized the government , bringing it to a grinding halt . House Speaker John Boehner acknowledged the Republicans were to blame , and that the action hurt the Republican Congress , which has only 19 % of the public 's confidence .  Obama 's approval rating has grown to 44 % , regaining as the health care website improves . Nolan McCarthy , a noted political science scholar at Princeton University , and Michael Barber led several colleagues in examining the impact that a gridlocked , partisan Congress is having on our political system of checks and balances . It was a substudy by an American Political Science Association task force , convened by Harvard political theorist Jane Mansbridge and Boston University political scientist Cathie Jo Martin . Grover Norquist : The misdirection of a president The panel concluded that "  sincere ideological differences " caused the gridlock -- as well as "  strategic behavior to exploit those differences to win elections . " "  Consequently , " it found that partisan "  polarization has reduced congressional capacity to govern . " Congress is " ... more prone to delays in appropriating funds , and increasingly slow in handling executive and judicial appointments . " No surprise , there -- it 's evident to any onlooker that these showdowns over the budget and debt are as much about "  winning " as they are about convictions . The loser , though , has not been the other  Democratic  party , but our constitutional system . Newt Gingrich : Why Obama is playing a weak hand "  Of significant concern , " McCarthy wrote in The Washington Post , "  is the extent to which this reduction in legislative capacity has contributed to a shift in the constitutional balance as it enhanced opportunities for executive and judicial encroachments on legislative prerogatives . " In other words , a Congress that obstructs the public 's election mandates and refuses to compromise only weakens itself . Boehner boasted after the 2012 debt face-off that Republicans got "  98 % of what we wanted . " Maybe . Regardless , the American people are not getting what they need . The signs of growing congressional weakness are everywhere . This past week , Mesa , Arizona , Mayor Scott Smith , president of the U.S. Conference of Mayors , said , "  The partnership between local and federal government is not as strong now as it once was . " Steve Israel : GOP misguided and obsessed Smith , a Republican who will run for governor of Arizona this year , added , "  Instead of Congress pulling together to help working Americans , there is an all-out assault on programs that would help them . " He described his fellow mayors as a "  pragmatic bunch who care more about finding solutions than about focusing on ideological differences . " That description also fits Obama , whom studies have shown to be the "  most moderate president since World War II . " Perhaps that moderate , Ike-like , approach accounts for some of his difficulties last year .  By the way , Obama is the only the president since Eisenhower to win back-to-back elections with more than 51 % of the vote .  While 2013 was n't as bad for Obama as some pundits claim , it clearly could have been better . Obama will try , as he has for five years , to forge bipartisan compromises on an agenda that moves this changing nation forward . If Congress balks , again , he 'll do what the mayors are doing : find a way to move forward . John Edwards : Dems should do more on poverty The White House released a statement over the weekend , saying "  The President has a pen and he has a phone , and he will use them to take executive actions and enlist every American -- from business owners , workers , mayors and state legislators to young people , veterans , and folks in communities across the country -- in the project to restore opportunity for all . " Our constitutional system demands cooperation and compromise . Governing can get messy . But the Founders believed that factions in Congress would share one principle : Common national goals trumped party , and to achieve those goals , bipartisan deals were better than no deals . Such had been the Founders ' hope and the reality for many a Congress in the past . Alas , such a Congress no longer exists . The future will be forged . Obama will adapt to the congressional realities of today -- even if that means moving ahead without Congress by issuing executive orders as constitutionally defined and reaching beyond Congress to the American people and their leaders , local and state , public and private . Right on , Mr. President . Time to move the country forward . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile says that a dysfunctional Congress wo n't stop a determined president Brazile : Obama nurturing programs that will bear fruit long after he leaves office Brazile : The loser in this system has n't been Democratic Party , but our constitutional system
CNN  -- A man convicted in the execution-style killings of three students in New Jersey nearly three years ago was sentenced Thursday to three consecutive life sentences , the Essex County prosecutor 's office said . Rodolfo Godinez was the first person to stand trial in connection with the Newark murders . He got a 20-year sentence in addition to the life sentences . Under New Jersey laws , Godinez would become eligible for parole after serving 216 years in prison , the prosecutor 's office said . One side of the courtroom was filled with victims ' relatives and 10 gave statements asking New Jersey Superior Court Judge Michael Ravin to hand down the maximum sentence . The lone-survivor of the attack , Natasha Aeriel , spoke last , according to Romesh Sukhdeo , assistant county prosecutor . "  She spoke today , and clearly at this point she was angry ... she said some harsh words toward the defendant but that 's to be expected since her brother and two best friends were killed , " Sukhdeo said . A jury convicted Godinez , 26 , on all 17 counts including murder , felony murder , attempted murder and robbery after just four hours of deliberations , according to Sukhdeo . Godinez was charged along with five other defendants currently awaiting trial in the August 4 , 2007 , murders of Terrance Aeriel , Dashon Harvey , and Iofemi Hightower behind the Mt. Vernon Elementary School . They were made to kneel against a wall before they were shot execution-style in the head . Aeriel 's sister , Natasha , was also shot in the head , but survived the attack and later testified as the prosecution 's main witness , according to Sukhdeo . All of the victims were either students or about to be enrolled at Delaware State University . During the 22-day trial , the prosecution argued that Godinez was involved in gang recruiting and characterized him as the ringleader of the group of defendants who used a handgun and a machete to attack four friends who had gathered to socialize behind a school . "  These kids were n't into drugs , they were minding their own business and these guys came up to them , robbed them , sexually assaulted one woman and then executed them , " Sukhdeo said . Godinez maintains his innocence , but admitted to be a member of the MS-13 gang and present at the school on the night of the triple homicides . However , he said he did n't participate in the crimes , according to his attorney Roy Greenman , who said he is planning to file an appeal . Ballistic evidence , information from Aerial and a fingerprint lifted from a beer bottle at the scene led to the major break in the case that outraged the city . By the time the attacks took place , the city had already recorded 60 killings that year . The city 's reaction to the murders helped Newark 's police department implement policing tactics and technologies , including wireless camera surveillance and audio gunshot detection systems . "  Community organizations got together and through local foundations were able to raise money ... and that has enhanced our ability to create public safety in this city in a big way , " said Garry McCarthy , Newark police director .	Rodolfo Godinez eligible for parole after 216 years Jury convicts Godinez on all 17 counts including murder , felony murder Godinez was charged along with five other defendants
United Nations  CNN  -- In a contentious closed-door U.N. Security Council meeting Tuesday , Russia criticized France 's decision to airlift weapons to rebel forces in Libya , according to a Western diplomat present during the discussions . Earlier Tuesday , French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet told reporters that parachute drops of weapons into the North African nation were "  no longer necessary " because opposition forces had become organized enough to procure their own arms . Rebels battling Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi are "  becoming more autonomous , " Longuet said . "  This autonomy allows them to build relationships with external partners , including when it comes to equipping themselves in self-defense , " he said . But even as Longuet said the weapons drops were no longer needed , debate over the approach continued . Russia brought up the issue at the U.N. Security Council session Tuesday , arguing that by sending weapons , France had violated the council 's resolution that authorized NATO force in Libya , the Western diplomat said . France offered a detailed defense of the country 's actions , arguing that supplying weapons was "  the only practical way of fulfilling " the council 's mandate authorizing force to take "  all necessary measures " to protect civilians , the diplomat said . During Tuesday 's meeting , ambassadors from the United Kingdom and United States defended France 's actions , according to the Western diplomat . France acknowledged last Wednesday that it had supplied weapons to anti-Gadhafi forces , saying the weapons were provided for self-defense . "  It became clear that people there were defenseless and very much threatened by Gadhafi 's forces , " French Ministry of Defense spokesman Colonel Thierry Burkhard said last Wednesday . Libyan Prime Minister Baghdadi al-Mahmoudi told reporters last week that rebel forces were receiving arms from France but were not trained in their use . He said it was reckless of France to take such action , saying it went "  against all of the proclaimed aims of NATO 's intervention in Libya . " Meanwhile , in Libya , a rebel spokesman said fighting had moved Tuesday westward from Misrata , which rebel forces say they continue to hold . Eleven rebels were killed in Dafniya , and one was killed in Zliten , said Mohammed Ibrahim , the spokesman . Another 60 rebels were wounded in the two cities , he said , citing figures from Al-Hekma Hospital , in Misrata . Pro-Gadhafi forces fired some six rockets into Misrata , but they caused no casualties , he said . The opposition website freemisurata.com , published by Ibrahim 's group , said at least 20 members of Gadhafi 's forces were killed and six were captured Tuesday in Dafniya and Zliten . CNN 's Richard Roth and Mick B. Krever and journalists Catherine Clifford and Dheepthi Namasivayam contributed to this report .	Russia argues that France violated a U.N. Security Council resolution , a diplomat says Diplomat : Drops were "  the only practical way of fulfilling " the council 's mandate United States , United Kingdom defend France , the diplomat says France 's defense minister says the weapons drops are no longer necessary
