CNN  -- Bayern Munich celebrated the Bundesliga 's 50th birthday by setting a new club record in Saturday 's Bavarian derby against Nuremberg . The European and German league champions triumphed 2-0 at home for a new milestone of 28 top-flight matches without defeat , giving new coach Pep Guardiola a perfect start of three wins from three . The win left Bayern in third place on goal difference behind Bayer Leverkusen and table-topping Borussia Dortmund . Having hit the post early on through Daniel Ginczek , Nuremberg had seemed set for a third successive draw after frustrating the home team in front of a 71,000 sellout crowd , as Raphael Schafer saved David Alaba 's first-half penalty and denied several other Bayern efforts . However , France midfielder Franck Ribery broke the deadlock with a header in the 69th minute after a teasing cross by captain Philipp Lahm to ensure that Bayern scored for a 40th successive match . Arjen Robben , who had been fouled for the penalty , wrapped up the points nine minutes later as he finished a trademark run into the box with a low shot into the corner of the net . Xherdan Shaqiri also hit the Nuremberg woodwork , having come on to replace Ribery . "  It 's an important victory , " said Guardiola , whose team next travels to Freiburg on Tuesday and then goes to Prague for Friday 's European Super Cup match against English side Chelsea -- a rematch of the 2012 Champions League final . "  I 'm satisfied , especially with the second half and our control of the game . Just like in Frankfurt , we hardly let them hit us on the break , which is something I 've talked about a lot with the team . "  Especially when Franck and Arjen have the ball , we can attack at pace . Nuremberg were unbelievably well organized . It 's always difficult against this type of team . " The match marked the debut of Bayern 's new signing Mario Gotze , who played 68 minutes before being substituted in favor of Toni Kroos . Thomas Muller came on six minutes earlier , replacing Thiago Alcantara -- another newcomer , who made his first start . "  We ran out of gas in the course of the second half , " said Nuremberg coach Michael Wiesinger , a Champions League winner with Bayern in 2001 . "  I was impressed with the way Bayern never became impatient . They imposed their game on us and deserved the win . " Leverkusen claimed second place after beating Borussia Monchengladbach 4-2 at home , with Germany winger Sidney Sam netting twice . Mainz made it four clubs on nine points with a 2-0 win at home to Wolfsburg , whose new signing Luis Gustavo was sent off in the 64th minute for a second booking . It was the Brazilian 's second game since leaving Bayern . Schalke 's poor start continued with a 2-1 defeat at Hannover , leaving coach Jens Keller under pressure ahead of next week 's Champions League qualifier against PAOK Salonika . The Royal Blues have just one point from three games . Hoffenheim drew 3-3 with Freiburg , while Hertha Berlin beat Hamburg 1-0 in Saturday 's late match . On Friday , last season 's runners-up Dortmund won 1-0 at Werder Bremen thanks to a second-half goal from Poland striker Robert Lewandowski . That match took place 49 years and 364 days after the two clubs met in the opening round of the newly-formed Bundesliga competition in 1963 . In France , Marseille notched a third successive win to move two points clear at the top of the table . Striker Andre-Pierre Gignac netted a late winner at Valenciennes , while Lyon stayed third after losing 1-0 at home to Reims . Second-placed Monaco drew 0-0 at home to Toulouse on Friday , while defending champions Paris Saint-Germain will seek a first win this season at Nantes on Sunday , following two draws .	Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben score in Bayern 's 2-0 win over Nuremberg European champions have three wins from three in Germany 's top division Bayern Leverkusen in second place after beating Borussia Monchengladbach Borussia Dortmund lead on goal difference following Friday 's victory
CNN Student News  -- Students will explore contemporary applications of the U.S. Constitution . As a class , read out loud the Preamble to the Constitution . Have students dissect the Preamble into its words and phrases , and hold a class discussion on the original intent of the U.S. Constitution . Remind students that in 1787 , the framers of the U.S. Constitution established a federal system of government that divided power between the national and state governments . It also established the three branches of government : the legislative , the executive and the judicial . Federal powers listed in the Constitution include the rights to collect taxes , declare war and regulate trade . The national government also has implied powers that allow it to respond to the changing needs of the nation . Reserved powers belong to the people or the states . State powers include the right to legislate on marriage and divorce , public schools and the state 's militia . The right to freedom of speech , the right to own property and the right to be tried by a jury are examples of the powers reserved for the people of the United States . The Supreme Court has the final authority to interpret the Constitution . It can overturn any law that conflicts with any part of the Constitution . Ask students : Why do you think that the framers of the Constitution organized the U.S. system of government this way ? Next , organize students into five groups representing the following : the legislative branch , the executive branch , the judicial branch , the states and the people . Have each group investigate and list its powers as outlined in the U.S. Constitution : 1 . Legislative Branch -- Article I 2 . Executive Branch -- Article II 3 . Judicial Branch -- Article III 4 . States -- Article IV , Amendment 10 5 . People -- Bill of Rights , Amendments Then , have the students consider their groups ' constitutional powers in a modern-day context . Ask : How might the system of government outlined in the U.S. Constitution be used to address current events ? Brainstorm with students a list of topics in the news , such as the economy , wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , health care and the environment . For each issue , have students generate critical questions that address what role , if any , government should play .  Note : The questions will vary depending on the grade level and interest of the students . Reorganize students into groups of five , with each group having one representative from the executive , legislative and judicial branches , the states and the people . Then , assign one of the critical questions posed above to each group . Have groups prepare diagrams to illustrate what powers , if any , the federal or state governments or the people have in responding to these critical questions . Students should include the relevant text from the U.S. Constitution in their diagrams . After each group has presented its diagram , hold a class discussion on the following : 1 . Has the original intent of the Constitution changed since it was written in 1787 ? 2 . How might the story of the U.S. read in the absence of a Constitution ? 3 . Why do you think that the framers of the Constitution organized the government into three branches ? 4 . What powers does the federal government have ? What powers are reserved for the states ? What powers are reserved for the people ? 5 . Why do you think that the document allowed for powers to be extended to individual states and citizens ? 6 . In what ways do you think that the U.S. Constitution is an effective document ? Curriculum Connections National Standards for Civics and Government 9-12 Content Standards I . What Are Civic Life , Politics , and Government ? A . What is civic life ? What is politics ? What is government ? Why are government and politics necessary ? What purposes should government serve ? B . What are the essential characteristics of limited and unlimited government ? C . What are the nature and purposes of constitutions ? D . What are alternative ways of organizing constitutional governments ? II . What are the foundations of the American political system ? A . What is the American idea of constitutional government ? D . What values and principles are basic to American constitutional democracy ? III . How does the government established by the Constitution embody the purposes , values , and principles of American democracy ? A . How are power and responsibility distributed , shared , and limited in the government established by the United States Constitution ? B . How is the national government organized and what does it do ? C . How are state and local governments organized and what do they do ? D . What is the place of law in the American constitutional system ? V . What are the roles of the citizen in American democracy ? A . What is citizenship ? B . What are the rights of citizens ? C . What are the responsibilities of citizens ? The National Standards for Civics and Government  http://www.civiced.org/912erica.htm  are published by the Center for Civic Education  http://www.civiced.org/index.php  .	Students will identify contemporary applications of the U.S. Constitution
CNN  -- A visit to the whirlpool tub cool-down zone signals the endgame for Sunday 's Super Bowl competitors . But for the furry beasts of the annual Puppy Bowl , a jump in the water pit means the competition for cuteness has only just begun . Prime time is playtime for the scamps who have provided alternative programming to America 's biggest sports viewing experience for nine years . According to Animal Planet , the 12-hour Puppy Bowl marathon drew 8.7 million viewers last year . The broadcast 's overload of adorable has included "  cheerleaders " of various species ; hamsters "  flying " in the blimp over the Puppy Bowl stadium ; Meep the bird , who , naturally , tweets from the sidelines  he got 21,000 followers on Twitter during last year 's Puppy Bowl  ; and even a hairless Chinese Crested "  streaker " puppy . You can thank executive producer Melinda Toporoff , who joined Animal Planet in 2001 , for upping the cute factor with many of the above innovations . "  There 's some sort of inherent , unspoken joy in seeing these little fluffy things being who they are , " Toporoff said . "  Looking into a puppy 's face ... there 's something mesmerizing and calming . It just sort of soothes the soul . " This year 's bowl will include new features like a slow-mo cute cam , snout-to-lens shots and lipstick cameras in the toys to get new points of view , she said . The puppies will also have the new watery cool-down zone . It 's a setup that expands on the water bowl camera , with more splashing and even slow-motion shots of the puppies shaking off water . Referee Dan Schachner is back Sunday for a second year of calling "  personal fouls " and "  unnecessary cuteness " penalties on the furry players . The "  rules " of the game are pretty loose . Mostly the puppies amble around a large playpen that looks like a football field , pouncing on squeaky toys or tugging on rope . There is never a clear winner in the Puppy Bowl . Still , viewers might choose one kind of puppy to root for , or even one particular player , Toporoff said . "  You root for them to be the MVP -- the Most Valuable Puppy -- of the show , " she said . The cast of fuzzy beasties , all between 8 and 12 weeks old , comes from shelters across the country , Toporoff said . Some have even come from Puerto Rico . All the puppies , kittens , hamsters and Meep the bird are adoptable . Animal Planet normally films the frolicking in October in order to edit the show by Super Bowl Sunday , so many of the animals are already adopted by airtime . "  We have a pretty incredible track record , " helping PetFinder.com find adopters for the puppies , Toporoff said . "  For this year , all but four have already been adopted . " A representative from the Humane Society of the United States is present during filming to make sure the animals are safe . Breaks for water and cuddling are mandatory , and puppies are never on camera for more than 20 minutes at a time . The casting of Puppy Bowl is all about the cuteness factor . "  These are desirable puppies , " Toporoff said . "  They 're camera ready ! " The cheerleaders , too , go through a casting process . Last year , piglet cheerleaders hammed it up during the show . This year , the cheerleaders are hedgehogs . Toporoff points out that if you want to adopt a hedgehog you 'd better check with your state , because these unusual pets are not legal to own in all parts of the country . Back in the Puppy Bowl studio , it 's a pet-lover 's dream come true . "  Our staff ca n't keep their hands off our players , " Toporoff said . She personally dognaps one of the puppies during filming and brings it into the control room . She confessed to being partial to "  superfluffy " shih tzus . Who will you root for on Puppy Bowl Sunday ? Choose your favorite competitor from the gallery above .	12 hours of frolicking puppies is Animal Planet 's Super Bowl counter-programming Slow-mo cute cams and cameras stuck in squeaky toys aim to capture the cute Instead of rooting for a Puppy Bowl team , viewers can root for an MVP
CNN  -- Ten-man Ajax beat Barcelona 2-1 at the Amsterdam Arena in the Champions League on Tuesday evening to hand the Catalans their first defeat under coach Gerardo Martino . Thulani Serero put Ajax in front in the 19th minute before Danny Hoesen doubled the lead three minutes before halftime . Barcelona were back in the game three minutes after the break when Joel Veltman was shown a red card for bringing down Neymar inside the penalty area . Xavi converting the spot kick but the home side held on for a vital win . "  We played a good match , " Ajax coach Frank de Boer said afterwards . "  They are not used to being under so much pressure as we created in the first-half , nor a team that builds from the back , " he added . "  We deserved to be 2-0 ahead at half-time . The  penalty  decision was key because it is a red card and a goal , but we fought hard . " Barcelona had already qualified for the knockout stages but will need a win in their final match against Celtic at the Nou Camp to guarantee top spot in the group . In the other Group H match , Scottish champions Celtic had a disappointing night at Celtic Park going down 3-0 to AC Milan . Goals from Kaka , Cristian Zapata and Mario Balotelli means that Milan remain in second with nine points but Ajax are now one point behind on eight and will qualify if they can beat the Rossoneri at the San Siro in the final round of Group H matches on December 11 . In Group F , Arsenal took a big step towards the knockout stages with a 2-0 win over Marseille at the Emirates Stadium . Two goals from Jack Wilshere in the first minute and 65th minute mean the current English Premier League leaders are on 12 points and only need to draw their final group match against Napoli to qualify top of the group . Last year 's beaten finalists Borussia Dortmund kept their hopes of qualification alive with a 3-1 win against Napoli at Signal Iduna Park . Jurgen Klopp 's team , who are now level on nine points with Rafa Benitez 's side , will travel to Marseille in their final qualifying match . Meanwhile in Group E , Basel have a 100 % record against Chelsea in Group E after snatching a late winner at St Jakob Park . Mohamed Salah 's 87th minute strike means the Swiss champions leapfrog Schalke into second with eight points , one point behind Chelsea who , despite the loss , have qualified for the knockout stages . Schalke 's 0-0 draw with Steaua Bucharest on Tuesday leaves them on seven points meaning that the German side need to beat Basel in their final match to qualify for the last 16 . In Group G , Atletico Madrid and Zenit St Petersburg drew 1-1 . The Spanish side , who had a 100 % record in the group before Tuesday 's tie at the Petrovsky Stadium , took the lead with an Adrian Lopez goal in the 54th minute but a goalkeeping error by Thibaut Courtois 20 minutes later proved costly . The Belgian keeper misjudged a deflected cross from Igor Smolnikov which looped into the net to hand Zenit a vital point in their quest to qualify second in the group . Porto could only draw 1-1 with Austria Wien . The result leaves the Portuguese champions in third with five points and means they will have to get something out of their trip to Atletico on December 11 to stand any chance of qualifying .	Barcelona slump to first defeat under Gerardo Martino against 10-man Ajax Borussia Dortmund keep qualification hopes alive with 3-1 win over Napoli Arsenal beat Marseille 2-0 at Emirates Stadium Chelsea lose 1-0 to Basel in Switzerland but still qualify for knockout stages
Washington  CNN  Reince Priebus says he has the votes to win another term as chairman of the Republican National Committee , an organization he successfully rebuilt following the 2010 midterm elections . Priebus told RNC members of his plan to seek a third term in an email Monday night and said that 150 of the 168 party officials and political activists who make up the national organization have pledged to support him , according to a copy of the note obtained by CNN . "  With such support it is impossible for me to say no , " Priebus wrote . "  Therefore , I write to seek your support for another term as RNC chairman . As some of you may have heard me say , thus far we accomplished about 80 percent of what we needed to accomplish with another 80 percent left to go . If we are going to win in 2016 , we must build upon what we were able to accomplish over the last 4 years , and I ask for your continued support to make sure we do in fact accomplish that goal . " When Priebus took over the RNC , it was $ 25 million in debt , which he helped to erase by convincing deep-pocketed Republican donors to start contributing again to the committee after the controversial chairmanship of Michael Steele . After the 2012 election , Priebus focused the RNC 's efforts on upgrading the committee 's technological infrastructure and voter data as well as outreach to minority communities . He commissioned a report , the "  Growth and Opportunity Project , " that outlined ways for the GOP to grow its base . Republicans largely embraced the report , but social conservatives opposed a recommendation the party be more tolerant of people who are gay . At this time , Priebus has no opponent in the race to lead the national party . Assuming he wins election to a third term at the RNC Winter Meeting in January , Priebus will be on track to be the longest-serving chairman in committee history .	Reince Priebus says he 's running for a third term as Republican National Committee chairman Priebus would be the longest-serving RNC chairman ever Part of his tenure has included rebuilding the party 's campaign coffers and broadening the GOP base
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- There was stone cold silence in the car , as the Kumars drove home . Salwan Montessori School in New Delhi received 2,500 applications -- for 150 spots -- for the 2009 school year . The married couple had stopped speaking out of sheer frustration and disappointment . They had been rejected for the 10th time . Their three-year-old daughter , Janhavi , would not be attending any of the nursery schools to which they had applied . "  There 's been a ban on children interviews , " said the girl 's mother , Geeta Kumar . "  But the schools being very smart , acting very smart they want to meet parents informally , informal interaction they are calling and they are scoring on us . " "  We are being tested , " Puneet Kumar , Janhavi 's father , interrupted . "  Yeah we 're being tested for our child 's admission . " Geeta added . "  It 's the worst thing we 've been through , " Puneet said with a sigh . It may sound over dramatic but it is a sentiment held by many parents who suffer through sleepless nights , endless anxiety , and are sometimes reduced to tears , as they try to get their children admitted to nursery schools with good reputations . At one of these schools , the headmistress has seen more than her share of desperation . "  I 've never seen a man crying , until now , " said Anuadha Mathur , the headmistress of Salwan Montessori School . Watch a visit to one of New Delhi 's most exclusive nursery schools " "  But when a parent comes and he 's literally begging and saying , ` Ma'am where do I take my child , ' and he 's got tears in his eyes , he 's shivering . Believe me , it 's heartbreaking . " "  The thing is , everybody wants their child to be in the best school , " Geeta Kumar said . "  And there are very few . " The problem is particularly acute in the capital of New Delhi , where getting your child admitted to any one of the top 10 sought-after nursery schools is harder than it would be for a college-aged student to gain admission to Ivy League schools in the United States , such as Harvard or Yale . Why ? In India it is almost always about the numbers . There are a billion people in this country , and more and more of them are moving into urban areas trying to make a living -- which translates into more students trying to get a seat in schools that already have long waiting lists . Take , for example , Salwan Montessori School in New Delhi . They received 2,500 applications -- for 150 spots -- for the 2009 school year . Only 6 percent of those who applied got in , and Salwan is not the most sought-after school . Some schools have places for less than 4 percent of applicants . Compare that to the Harvard University class of 2009 : Of the 22,796 students who applied , 2,074 got in for a 9.1 percent admission rate . You might be wondering why nursery school admission is so important since the child will have a lot of schooling to go through before thinking about university . The answer : Many students spend 14 years in one school , so where they go to nursery school determines the next 14 years of their education . What kind of education does one of these sought after schools offer ? At Salwan Montessori , the children learn public speaking , music , several sports , and social skills along with their basic education . It is just the kind of thing parents are looking for because they know education is key to their child 's chance at a better life . But there are other institutions that are not so cramped : Government schools . Just the mention of it sent shivers down the Kumars ' spines . "  The grooming would not be good , the child wo n't grow , the mind wo n't grow , " Geeta Kumar said with a deep frown , her husband itching to chime in . "  Nearest school to my place is a government school , but the infrastructure is very bad , " Puneet Kumar added . Parents complain some of the government schools are falling apart . The toilets are broken , there is no running water , and teachers sometimes simply fail to show up for class . The fight for good education is fierce . But Salwan Montessori Headmistress Mathur said parents need to realize that just because they do not get the school of their choice does not mean their child will be unsuccessful . She also noted that not all government schools were unfit . For the meantime , the Kumars are still tied in knots . Their daughter Janhavi was forced to go to a lesser known private school in their neighborhood . Now four years old , Janhavi seems oblivious to it all . She is a smart little girl . Before even showing up at school she could speak Hindi , some English and Japanese . As she sits on her bed counting to 10 in Japanese , her parents are counting the months before the next admission process starts . They are planning on going through the process all over again next year . "  Obviously , " Geeta Kumar said . "  You aim for the best . "	More Indians moving to urban areas , hence longer waiting lists for nursery schools Some schools have places for less than 4 percent of applicants Chosen nursery school determines 14 years of a student 's education , opportunities Parents prefer private schools , complain some government schools are falling apart
The right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated . This is the beginning of the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , and defines one of the most important rights we have against a potentially tyrannical government . Throughout history , governments have used the confiscation of private property , as well as bullying and surveillance techniques , to keep populations under control and maintain a continuous threat against those who would dare criticize them . The explicit enshrinement of the right to be left alone is one of the crucial features that has defined America as such a unique and moral nation . Rand Paul to sue Obama administration over NSA In recent years , however , this right , like so many others , has come under attack by the overzealous powers that be in Washington , eager to sacrifice liberty in the name of security , and using fear as a weapon to make us forget the importance of being free . In 2013 , the revelation that the National Security Agency was collecting and storing the metadata from the phone calls and e-mails of millions of American citizens -- without any suspicion of criminal activity -- served as a striking wake-up call for the country . Americans do not like to think of their government as some Orwellian leviathan , engaging in surveillance tactics that we only expect to see in oppressive autocracies . That such surveillance could be going on in what is ostensibly the freest nation in the world is a chilling thought indeed . Since 2006 , the NSA has been spying on us , treating American citizens as no more than common criminals , casting suspicion on honest people with not even a whisper of criminal activity about them . These are not the actions befitting a country that was once held up as a paragon of freedom and a model for the rest of the world . Online , live protests target NSA surveillance We are told that these intrusive and unconstitutional measures are necessary to protect us from the forces of international terrorism . We are told that a surrender of our privacy rights is a small price to pay for the knowledge that we can sleep safe and secure in our beds . We reject this premise . We are committed to a safe America , but we do not accept the notion that a surveillance state is necessary to safeguard the lives and liberty of American citizens . These assurances of the necessity to give up a little privacy for the sake of safety are made all the less convincing by the fact that , after more than seven years , the NSA has been unable to provide any evidence that the collection of telephone metadata from Americans has led to the prevention of even a single terrorist attack . There can be no justification for the preservation of a domestic surveillance program that has utterly failed in its stated goals . In addition to the NSA 's privacy violations , the existence of government spying serves as a significant obstacle toward citizens exercising their First Amendment rights to free speech . We have already seen government agencies like the IRS specifically target law-abiding citizens for their political views . The willingness of ordinary people to criticize the government will be greatly compromised by being under the constant , watchful eye of the government , and anyone deemed guilty of suspicious activity may consider an audit the least of their worries . For all these reasons , we have elected to file a class action suit on behalf of all Americans whose rights have been violated by the NSA 's unconstitutional spying programs . We are requesting a ruling confirming that the blanket collection of Americans ' telephone metadata without reasonable cause violates the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution , and requiring that these programs be halted immediately and that all previously collected data be purged from government databases . It 's time to hold government officials accountable for their habitual trampling on the Constitution and on our rights as individuals . Our case will be an important step down the road of restoring our Constitution and reining in our own overreaching federal government .	Sen. Rand Paul argues that NSA surveillance of U.S. citizens is a violation of the Constitution He is suing the administration to end "  blanket collection of Americans ' telephone metadata " He condemns the policy from "  the overzealous powers that be in Washington "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- This is the story of two entrepreneurs with two very different interests . One thing they have in common : Both took major risks and started a business in the middle of the global financial crisis . What was the motivation ? For Mike Haskamp , January 2009 was a low point . He was laid off and divorced that month . He had been an investment banker for Lehman Brothers , whose bankruptcy in September 2008 catalyzed the financial crisis . He was only 30 . This was not supposed to happen to a Harvard grad armed with an MBA from Columbia . "  I started interviewing for jobs at private equity firms and five weeks into it , I realized I was n't really in love with the job or the industry anymore , " Haskamp says . So he did what most entrepreneurs do . He networked with friends , brainstormed and came up with a business idea that embraced his passion : martial arts . Haskamp , who grew up in Macau and Hong Kong , has practiced martial arts his whole life . He wanted to start a mixed martial arts company in Asia for Asian-Pacific fighters . He and a friend Chris Pollak , who was ready to leave his job at McKinsey Consulting , sold all their possessions , put up their own seed capital and set up the business . Legend Fighting Championship was born in July 2009 . "  We saw that Asia was doing better than the rest of the world , looking to recover faster and we saw that trends in entertainment , the growth of the middle class , the deregulation of media . Those all sort of pointed in my mind to a much more favorable environment than ever before to start a sports media-oriented business , " Haskamp says . Two and a half years later , Legend has carved a niche for itself in the mixed martial arts world . They will put on their eighth major championship at the end of March in Jakarta . Initially , their revenues came from ticket sales . Today , it 's a combination of television licensing , sponsorships , ad sales and ticket sales . China is their biggest revenue market followed by Indonesia and Australia . Haskamp says he sees a surge of interest in the Philippines , Malaysia and India . Taking the Risk Maximilian von Poelnitz found a problem and started a business to solve it . After living in Hong Kong for four years , the 27-year-old discovered it was difficult to find good quality food - especially meat - at affordable prices . He had worked in corporate real estate for CB Richard Ellis but was getting the itch to start his own business . He and two friends came up with the concept for Secret Ingredient , a delivery service of fresh ingredients for ready-to-cook dishes with the cooking instructions included . One selling point is all the meats and fish are imported from Australia and New Zealand . They pooled their own money together for $ 100,000 to start up the business . They rented an old print shop , converted it into a test kitchen and spent several months trying out different recipes . "  The success of our business depends on logistics , " von Poelnitz says . That means figuring out how to deliver the meals during crunch dinner time in a busy city like Hong Kong . Secret Ingredient uses couriers on foot , vans and mopeds . After about 250 test meals -- mostly with friends -- Secret Ingredient launched last fall in Hong Kong . Since then , Von Poelnitz says the young business is close to serving its 1000th meal . One regular client is Petrina Vos , a vice president of human resources at Blackrock . "  I work really long hours from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. It 's the time question for me ... the price point is really reasonable , " she says . "  My meals average HK$ 250  US$ 32  for two people . I think that 's good for the quality of food , ease and time it saves you . " Both Legend and Secret Ingredient started in a period of global economic fragility . What made Haskamp believe investors would buy into the niche idea of setting up mixed martial arts fights and that the public would pay good money to see a fight ? "  Economies go through cycles and if you 're always waiting for the perfect time to do something then you might miss the opportunity , " Haskamp explains . Von Poelnitz says , "  I think in our case , the timing and all the chips kind of fell into place . It was less the macro  situation  and more the timing of our individual lives that made it work . " His two partners bring different skills to the table . One is a former lawyer and the other is a chef who used to run a private kitchen in Hong Kong . Lessons Learned Both businesses benefited from running a lean business from the start . Legend started out in Haskamp 's small Hong Kong apartment . "  We paid an intern to work from our dining room table , " Haskamp said . In order to decide which fighters to invite to championships , Haskamp and his partner do their initial research by watching fight videos on the internet . Then they fly to the fighter 's home country to meet and hammer out individual contracts . Between Secret Ingredient 's three co-founders , they have a large social network of friends to spread the word . "  We do n't have very much of an advertising budget , " says von Poelnitz . They utilize Twitter and have dabbled in Facebook advertising . They 've also bartered with friends in public relations : free meals for free PR . . One unexpected lesson for Secret Ingredient was realizing the timing of their launch was not ideal . They opened for business a few months before Christmas and Lunar New Year when many new customers leave Hong Kong for the holidays . "  Being in the food business , holidays are your big enemy which seems counterintuitive , " says von Poelnitz . Neither Legend nor Secret Ingredient will say whether they 're profitable or breaking even at the moment . The one thing the founders will say is they 're glad they went against conventional thinking and took the plunge . "  I knew this was a good idea . I trusted my partner . I trusted myself and ultimately , I think it 's paid off , " says Haskamp .	Mike Haskamp started his own business the month he was laid off and divorced Haskamp went from working in markets to launching his own martial arts championship Maximilian von Poelnitz found a problem and started a business to solve it Von Poelnitz started a high quality meals delivery service aimed at the executive set
How many of you have felt victimized by a Regina George ? If you raised your hand , you can attest that even a decade later "  Mean Girls " still holds up . Whether it 's because Tina Fey 's script so authentically captures the high school experience or because of the multiple quote-worthy lines  admit it , you are glad "  fetch " happened  , the film about a group of teen girls who rule the school and the girl they sort of take under their wing is as popular now as it ever was . "  For the high-school genre , Fey 's hilarious script was unusually astute and provocative , " the Guardian said of the film in 2013 . "  Replicating teen doublespeak with brilliant authenticity , the dialogue was full of zingers , accounting for its continued life online . " April 30 marks the 10-year anniversary of the now cult classic . Not only can the 2004 movie be seen in heavy rotation on cable stations , but thanks to Netflix anyone can enjoy the adventures of "  the Plastics . " Social media has also fully embraced it with Tumblrs and trending hashtags devoted to the characters and their snappy dialogue . Before gay rights were even being fully embraced , the movie offered up the loveable character of Damian , who was "  too gay to function " and partial to singing Christina Aguilera 's songs in the school talent show . And for those who have witnessed the train wreck that has become the life and career of "  Mean Girls " star Lindsay Lohan , it also serves as a bittersweet time capsule of the days when she was billed as one of the most promising young actresses of her generation . Based on the 2002 nonfiction book "  Queen Bees and Wannabes " by Rosalind Wiseman , actress and screenwriter Fey was able to find the funny in what is often the victimization of young women in school . In the film , Cady Heron is a 16-year-old daughter of zoologist parents who moves from Africa to the United States and is enrolled in public school after having been home schooled . She quickly catches the attention of the Plastics , a clique of girls who indoctrinate her into their ways , including rules about what days to wear pink and the fact that "  ex-boyfriends are off-limits to friends . That 's just , like , the rules of feminism . " When friends become bullies What follows is a war of manipulation , lies and revenge . Fey told The New York Times that it was all quite familiar . "  I revisited high school behaviors of my own -- futile , poisonous , bitter behaviors that served no purpose , " Fey said . "  That thing of someone saying ` You 're really pretty ' and then , when the other person thanks them , saying , ` Oh , so you agree ? You think you 're pretty ? ' That happened in my school . That was a bear trap . " In fact , "  Mean Girls " has become a sort of cultural shorthand for Machiavellian-type machinations -- as well as a favored pop culture reference . During the 2013 government shutdown , the "  Mean Girls of Capitol Hill " Tumblr blog grew in popularity , and when Jennifer Lawrence won a 2013 People 's Choice Award , she said "  I wish this was like ` Mean Girls ' and I could just break this  award  up and throw it at all of you because you 're all responsible . " The movie grossed just over $ 129 million worldwide and helped cement the career of Lohan and launch others , including Amanda Seyfried , who told the Los Angeles Times it was her "  best work . " "  I look back and I 'm like , ` Really , I thought I was doing a terrible job , " Seyfried said . "  But it was written so well and so wonderfully directed .  Director  Mark Waters made me look good ; he made me funny . And Tina Fey wrote the coolest script of all time . I 'm so grateful for every experience . " The film is still so popular that news that a musical is in the works has been greeted with panting anticipation from diehard fans . In October 2013  and no , not on October 3 , the date that has significant meaning to Cady in the film  , Fey 's husband , composer Jeff Richmond -- who is scoring the musical -- told Vulture that progress was being made in developing it . So , while you wait , and in honor of "  Mean Girls , " grab your Burn Book or whatever you use to trash people  around here we call it "  the comments section "  , sit back and maybe revisit the movie . Do it for Glen Coco .	"  Mean Girls " was released 10 years ago Tina Fey says she drew on personal experiences Amanda Seyfried has called it her "  best work "
Christine Cavanaugh , who lent her distinctive voice to the title pig in "  Babe , " Chuckie Finster on "  Rugrats " and Dexter of "  Dexter 's Laboratory , " has died . She was 51 . Cavanaugh died December 22 . The death was reported in an obituary posted in the Los Angeles Times . Cavanaugh , a native of Utah , first became known as Gosalyn Mallard , the adopted daughter of Drake Mallard on the "  DuckTales " spinoff "  Darkwing Duck . " She then supplied the voice of Chuckie for the long-running Nickelodeon series "  Rugrats , " about a pack of adventurous toddlers . In 1995 , Cavanaugh gave her voice to the titular character in the hit movie "  Babe , " about a little talking pig who becomes an unlikely sheepherding champion . Her raspy , childlike voice added an extra layer of sweetness to such existential lines as "  Why are any of us here ? " The film became a classic and spawned a 1998 sequel , "  Babe : Pig in the City , " though Cavanaugh was replaced by E.G. Daily in the lead voice role . Cavanaugh also provided voice-acting for the shows "  Aaahh !! Real Monsters , " "  The Critic , " "  The Wild Thornberrys , " "  The Powerpuff Girls " and "  Dexter 's Laboratory . " According to the Internet Movie Database , she appeared in episodes of "  ER " and "  Everybody Loves Raymond " as well as the film "  Jerry Maguire . " According to the obituary , Cavanaugh retired from show business in 2001 to be closer to her family . A memorial ceremony in her honor was held on Antelope Island in Utah 's Great Salt Lake . People we lost in 2014	Christine Cavanaugh was the voice of the pig in "  Babe " Cavanaugh was a go-to voice actor for many series Performer had roles on "  ER , " "  Everybody Loves Raymond "
John F. Kennedy was inaugurated as the 35th U.S. president on January 20 , 1961 . The following is a transcript of his inaugural address : Vice President Johnson , Mr. Speaker , Mr. Chief Justice , President Eisenhower , Vice President Nixon , President Truman , reverend clergy , fellow citizens : We observe today not a victory of party but a celebration of freedom -- symbolizing an end as well as a beginning -- signifying renewal as well as change . For I have sworn before you and Almighty God the same solemn oath our forebears prescribed nearly a century and three quarters ago . The world is very different now . For man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty and all forms of human life . And yet the same revolutionary beliefs for which our forebears fought are still at issue around the globe -- the belief that the rights of man come not from the generosity of the state but from the hand of God . We dare not forget today that we are the heirs of that first revolution . Let the word go forth from this time and place , to friend and foe alike , that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans -- born in this century , tempered by war , disciplined by a hard and bitter peace , proud of our ancient heritage -- and unwilling to witness or permit the slow undoing of those human rights to which this nation has always been committed , and to which we are committed today at home and around the world . Let every nation know , whether it wishes us well or ill , that we shall pay any price , bear any burden , meet any hardship , support any friend , oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty . This much we pledge -- and more . To those old allies whose cultural and spiritual origins we share , we pledge the loyalty of faithful friends . United , there is little we can not do in a host of cooperative ventures . Divided , there is little we can do -- for we dare not meet a powerful challenge at odds and split asunder . To those new states whom we welcome to the ranks of the free , we pledge our word that one form of colonial control shall not have passed away merely to be replaced by a far more iron tyranny . We shall not always expect to find them supporting our view . But we shall always hope to find them strongly supporting their own freedom -- and to remember that , in the past , those who foolishly sought power by riding the back of the tiger ended up inside . To those peoples in the huts and villages of half the globe struggling to break the bonds of mass misery , we pledge our best efforts to help them help themselves , for whatever period is required -- not because the communists may be doing it , not because we seek their votes , but because it is right . If a free society can not help the many who are poor , it can not save the few who are rich . To our sister republics south of our border , we offer a special pledge -- to convert our good words into good deeds -- in a new alliance for progress -- to assist free men and free governments in casting off the chains of poverty . But this peaceful revolution of hope can not become the prey of hostile powers . Let all our neighbors know that we shall join with them to oppose aggression or subversion anywhere in the Americas . And let every other power know that this hemisphere intends to remain the master of its own house . To that world assembly of sovereign states , the United Nations , our last best hope in an age where the instruments of war have far outpaced the instruments of peace , we renew our pledge of support -- to prevent it from becoming merely a forum for invective -- to strengthen its shield of the new and the weak -- and to enlarge the area in which its writ may run . Finally , to those nations who would make themselves our adversary , we offer not a pledge but a request : that both sides begin anew the quest for peace , before the dark powers of destruction unleashed by science engulf all humanity in planned or accidental self-destruction . We dare not tempt them with weakness . For only when our arms are sufficient , beyond doubt can we be certain beyond doubt that they will never be employed . But neither can two great and powerful groups of nations take comfort from our present course -- both sides overburdened by the cost of modern weapons , both rightly alarmed by the steady spread of the deadly atom , yet both racing to alter that uncertain balance of terror that stays the hand of mankind 's final war . So let us begin anew -- remembering on both sides that civility is not a sign of weakness , and sincerity is always subject to proof . Let us never negotiate out of fear . But let us never fear to negotiate . Let both sides explore what problems unite us instead of belaboring those problems which divide us . Let both sides , for the first time , formulate serious and precise proposals for the inspection and control of arms -- and bring the absolute power to destroy other nations under the absolute control of all nations . Let both sides seek to invoke the wonders of science instead of its terrors . Together let us explore the stars , conquer the deserts , eradicate disease , tap the ocean depths and encourage the arts and commerce . Let both sides unite to heed in all corners of the Earth the command of Isaiah -- to "  undo the heavy burdens ...  and  let the oppressed go free . " And if a beachhead of cooperation may push back the jungle of suspicion , let both sides join in creating a new endeavor , not a new balance of power , but a new world of law , where the strong are just and the weak secure and the peace preserved . All this will not be finished in the first 100 days . Nor will it be finished in the first 1,000 days , nor in the life of this administration , nor even perhaps in our lifetime on this planet . But let us begin . In your hands , my fellow citizens , more than mine , will rest the final success or failure of our course . Since this country was founded , each generation of Americans has been summoned to give testimony to its national loyalty . The graves of young Americans who answered the call to service surround the globe . Now the trumpet summons us again -- not as a call to bear arms , though arms we need -- not as a call to battle , though embattled we are -- but a call to bear the burden of a long twilight struggle , year in and year out , "  rejoicing in hope , patient in tribulation " -- a struggle against the common enemies of man : tyranny , poverty , disease and war itself . Can we forge against these enemies a grand and global alliance , North and South , East and West , that can assure a more fruitful life for all mankind ? Will you join in that historic effort ? In the long history of the world , only a few generations have been granted the role of defending freedom in its hour of maximum danger . I do not shrink from this responsibility -- I welcome it . I do not believe that any of us would exchange places with any other people or any other generation . The energy , the faith , the devotion which we bring to this endeavor will light our country and all who serve it -- and the glow from that fire can truly light the world . And so , my fellow Americans : Ask not what your country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your country . My fellow citizens of the world : Ask not what America will do for you , but what together we can do for the freedom of man . Finally , whether you are citizens of America or citizens of the world , ask of us here the same high standards of strength and sacrifice which we ask of you . With a good conscience our only sure reward , with history the final judge of our deeds , let us go forth to lead the land we love , asking his blessing and his help , but knowing that here on Earth God 's work must truly be our own .	John F. Kennedy : "  The torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans " "  If a free society can not help the many who are poor , it can not save the few who are rich " "  Let us never negotiate out of fear . But let us never fear to negotiate " "  Ask not what your country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your country "
CNN  -- Authorities have recovered 54 bodies after a ferry crammed with people capsized in southern Bangladesh , police said Sunday . Among the victims were 22 children and 15 women , said Nazrul Islam , the police chief of Bhola district where the accident occurred Friday . Thirty more passengers are believed missing and presumed dead , he said . "  Hopefully , in few hours , we should be able to confirm the exact number of missing  people  , " Islam said . The boat had a capacity of 1,500 but was overcrowded with about 2,000 people who were traveling from the capital , Dhaka , to their homes in Bhola for the Muslim festival of Eid al-Adha . The boat toppled as passengers weighted down one side to disembark , Islam said . Police and firefighters rushed to aid passengers , many of whom were trapped in the lower deck . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report	Authorities recover 54 bodies after overcrowded ferry capsizes Boat had capacity of 1,500 , but 2,000 people onboard They were traveling homes for the Muslim festival of Eid al-Adha
CNN  -- European champions Inter Milan have confirmed the appointment of Rafael Benitez as their new coach . The Spaniard left English Premier League side Liverpool last month and has been in negotiations with the Italian club for nearly a week . He takes over from Jose Mourinho , who left for Real Madrid just weeks after he led Inter to their first Champions League success for 45 years . A statement on Inter 's official Web site read : "  Inter welcomes Rafael Benitez . The Spanish coach signed a two-year contract this morning that will run until 30 June 2012 . "  Benitez will be unveiled to the media in a press conference on Tuesday 15 June . " Benitez spent six years at Liverpool , winning the Champions League in his first full season , but the Premier League title eluded him . Before that , Benitez spent three years at Valencia , leading the club to their first La Liga title in 31 years .	Inter confirm Rafael Benitez as their new coach Benitez has signed a two-year deal with the European champions The Spaniard left Liverpool last month
Washington  CNN  -- Diversity is not a word that describes the Supreme Court 's makeup over most of its existence . Only three women justices have served  the first in 1981  , and only two African-Americans  the first in 1967  . The first Hispanic was named last year , but no Native Americans or Asian-Americans have been named , nor have any openly homosexual or disabled justices . Only about 11 Catholics have served , and seven Jews . The expected elevation of Elena Kagan to the high court would represent both a step forward and a retreat of sorts , for bench diversity on the high-profile court , especially when compared to the man she would replace . Kagan is set to become the third woman on the current court , a move applauded by retired justice Sandra Day O'Connor and former first lady Laura Bush . The 50-year-old also has no judicial experience , unlike every current member of the court , who were previously federal appeals court judges . Justice Antonin Scalia , for one , likes that . "  Currently , there is nobody on the court who has not served as a judge -- indeed , as a federal judge -- all nine of us , " he said last month in a speech . "  I am happy to see that this latest nominee is not a federal judge -- and not a judge at all . " She would be the third Jewish-American , joining Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer . The other six members of the court are all Catholic : Chief Justice John Roberts , and Justices Scalia , Anthony Kennedy , Clarence Thomas , Samuel Alito , and Sonia Sotomayor . Retiring Justice John Paul Stevens is the current court 's lone Protestant . That has prompted divergent views from the religious and political community on whether diversity of faith matters . His departure and replacement by Kagan also would represent a loss of diversity on two other fronts : geography and education . The Chicago native is a true Midwesterner in his friendly personality and his approach to deciding many legal issues . Kagan would help form an unusual majority : five natives of the New York City area . Scalia is from Queens , Ginsburg still retains her Brooklyn accent , Sotomayor grew up in the Bronx and loves the Yankees , and Alito called Newark , New Jersey , home . The nominee herself was raised in the upper west side of Manhattan . Only Staten Island among the boroughs would be unrepresented on the high court . And then there is the academic equation , with the new court to be composed entirely of Ivy League law graduates . Kagan went to Harvard Law School , just like Roberts , Scalia , Kennedy and Breyer . That 's another majority Kagan can boast . Ginsburg also attended the Boston-area school , as well as Columbia . The three other justices went to Yale . Only Stevens -- again -- stayed out of those ivied schools , graduating from Northwestern University at the head of his class in 1947 . Stevens ' departure is a generational shift , too : he is the court 's last military veteran who came of age during the Depression , served in the Navy during World War II , and began practicing law during the Cold War . With the advent in the 1920s of open Senate hearings of court nominees , public and press scrutiny of court diversity have become important talking points . At that time , tremendous social and political changes in the country were reflected in a slow push to diversify the court 's makeup . Since then , seats unofficially have been set aside for individuals of certain backgrounds . The first Jewish justice was Louis Brandeis , whose bitter 1916 confirmation was marked by underlying anti-Semitism . When Benjamin Cardozo joined him in 1932 , a so-called Jewish seat was established . Cardozo was replaced by Felix Frankfurter , who was replaced by Arthur Goldberg , who was replaced by Abe Fortas . Currently , two Jewish justices sit on the bench , Ginsburg and Breyer . A similar precedent was created when Thurgood Marshall became the first person of color to sit on the court . When he retired , Clarence Thomas took Marshall 's seat , although President George H.W. Bush considered a wide variety of candidates before settling on the Georgia native . Thomas has acknowledged to colleagues that he benefited to some extent from having the right connections in his career . Many political and legal experts expected George W. Bush to make his first court pick a Hispanic , but his two picks were white males . Some court observers believe political pressure to choose a justice strictly on gender or race is no longer relevant . "  The whole commentary of the court has evolved away from that , " said Pulitzer Prize winning author and court historian David Garrow . "  Our society has changed ; the novelty no longer exists . " President Barack Obama 's two high court choices have been applauded by many advocacy groups for the diversity they brought to the court , but criticism also has arisen on some fronts . Civil rights groups expressed disappointment the nation 's first black president did not seriously consider naming any African-Americans to the court . "  The nomination of Sonia Sotomayor certainly was historic in that she became the first Hispanic to sit on the high court , and it was embraced by civil rights groups , " wrote CNN Political Analyst Roland Martin in May . "  Yet this time , for highly qualified African-American female judges , such as Leah Ward Sears , the retired chief justice of the Georgia Supreme Court , to never make the cut for a face-to-face interview with the president has ticked off a number of leaders I 've talked with over the last several days . " Kagan in fact has been criticized for the lack of diversity she brought as Harvard 's law dean from 2003-09 . Guy-Uriel Charles , founding director of the Duke Center on Law , Race and Politics , looked at Kagan 's hiring record , noting of the 29 positions she had a chance to fill , 28 were of those appointed were white and one was Asian-American . And of the group , only six were women -- five white and one Asian-American . "  These numbers on the surface are appalling , and would be ripped to shreds by those who value diversity , " Martin said . Kagan 's defenders say her hiring power was limited , but she did help bring a number of conservative professors to the faculty , earning praise from many on the right .	No Native Americans , Asian-Americans , homosexual or disabled justices named to high court First Hispanic , Sonia Sotomayor , named last year Kagan would become third woman on Supreme Court Would join fellow Jewish-Americans Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer
LONDON , England -- The British Home Secretary Jacqui Smith has been asked to intervene after Iraqi international Nashat Akram was refused a work permit . Nashat Akram was hoping to become the first Iraqi footballer to play in England . Akram starred in Iraq 's Asian Cup-winning team last year and was set to play for Premier League Manchester City . But the 24-year-old can not come to the United Kingdom because a technicality in immigration rules for footballers . To gain a work permit , the player 's national side must be in the top 70 of the FIFA world rankings and Iraq has a highest ranking of 71 . Akram 's supporters say this is because Iraq can not play matches at home because of the security situation and are calling for the decision to be reversed . Keith Vaz , a member of the ruling Labour party , said : "  I shall be calling on the home secretary to review this decision . "  Here we have someone who wants to come and work legitimately , a role model for his country , whose presence here can heal divisions in Iraq . "  Parliament has given ministers the right to exercise their discretion and they should use it . "  This case sends out all the wrong messages . " City boss Sven-Goran Eriksson told the club 's Web site : "  This is a big blow and a great disappointment to us . I have huge sympathy for Nashat . He is a very good footballer with an excellent international pedigree . "  He has now returned to the Middle East and we will keep in touch with him . He is somebody who we will maintain an interest in for the long term . " City have already lost an appeal to the Home Office ruling , but the Iraqi government has now taken up the cause . Government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh told the Associated Press a letter has been sent to the British Ambassador in Iraq . Midfielder Akram , who was born in Hilla , currently plays for Al-Ain in the United Arab Emirates . He came to international prominence with his performances in the Asian Cup and became a symbol of hope at home with posters featuring a smiling Akram plastered on walls around Baghdad with the slogan "  The dream came true because of our determination and zeal . " Earlier this month , Watford midfielder Al Bangura , from Sierra Leone , was granted a work permit after a decision to deport him was overturned following a well-supported campaign by football fans and a local member of parliament , Claire Ward . E-mail to a friend	Star Iraqi player Nashat Akram is refused a work permit for United Kingdom Nashat was poised to sign for Sven-Goran Eriksson 's Manchester City side British home secretary Jacqui Smith is being asked to intervene in the case
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama said Tuesday his televised health care summit with Republican leaders on February 25 should involve true give-and-take negotiations instead of mere "  political theater . " In a rare appearance at the daily White House media briefing , Obama said he wants the meeting -- which also will include health care experts -- to "  establish some common facts " on the health care issue and reach agreement on the most pressing health care problems facing the country . To signal his willingness to compromise , Obama said he would consider a Republican push to include limits on medical malpractice lawsuits in a health care bill if the proposal can be shown to truly reduce overall health care costs . The president acknowledged the issue could "  make my party uncomfortable , " an apparent nod to traditional Democratic support among trial lawyers who oppose such limits . However , Obama said bipartisanship on health care reform can not mean only that "  Democrats give up everything they believe in . " "  Bipartisanship depends on a willingness among both Democrats and Republicans to put aside matters of party for the good of the country , " he said . Obama 's comments followed a meeting with top congressional leaders from both parties , the first since he pledged in last month 's State of the Union address to hold regular bipartisan talks . Republican leaders in the meeting later repeated their past insistence that the upcoming health care negotiations start from scratch , instead of building on separate Democratic health care bills passed by the House and Senate . "  What we need to do is start over , go step-by-step on a truly bipartisan basis to try to reach an agreement , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , told reporters . "  My members are open to doing that . " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , indicated he and other GOP chiefs are ready to attend the February 25 health care summit , but have questions for the White House on the lineup and agenda for the meeting . Boehner noted Republican leaders sent White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel a letter Monday asking for details of the proposed talks . "  The letter last night tried to understand what the purpose of the meeting is , " Boehner said , adding : "  If we 're truly going to have a bipartisan conversation , then let 's just scrap this bill that the Democrats ca n't pass in the House or Senate and let 's start over on a real conversation about how to make the current system work better . " The half-day summit is an attempt by the Obama administration to rescue health care legislation , a top domestic priority for the president . Televising it also would help fulfill a campaign promise by Obama that health care negotiations would be broadcast live . The planned talks with Republicans are the first clear strategy by Obama and Democrats on how to proceed on health care after losing their 60-seat supermajority in the Senate . Republican Scott Brown was sworn in as the new U.S. senator from Massachusetts last week , leaving the Democrats one vote shy of being able to overcome GOP filibusters of health care reform and other major initiatives . Obama first floated the idea of face-to-face , televised talks with Republicans to seek a health care compromise last week . In a speech Thursday at a fundraising event , he said whatever legislation emerges from the talks should then go to Congress for a vote . He announced the planned meeting in a nationally televised interview with CBS before the Super Bowl on Sunday , and said Tuesday that the idea is to reach agreement on solving a problem that only will get worse . As an example , Obama cited a report his week that Anthem Blue Cross , which he called the largest insurer in California , was planning to raise premiums for individual health policies by as much as 39 percent . "  If we do n't act , this is just a preview of coming attractions : Premiums will continue to rise for folks with insurance , millions more will lose their coverage altogether , our deficits will continue to grow larger , " Obama said , adding that "  we have an obligation -- both parties -- to tackle this issue in a serious way . " That means both Democrats and Republicans will have to accept a bill that lacks all they want , but does the right thing for the country , Obama said . "  I 'm willing to move off some of the preferences of my party in order to meet them halfway , but there 's got to be some give from their side as well , " the president said . First lady Michelle Obama , appearing Tuesday on CNN 's "  Larry King , " said she 's "  hopeful that Congress will come together " to get health care legislation passed . "  We 're spending billions of dollars on preventable diseases and new health care legislation could go a long way to improving prevention , first and foremost , " the first lady said . "  People have to have a pediatrician in order to get good information from their pediatrician . People have to be able to take their kids to well doctor visits to have all this information tracked , " she said . "  So , we have to get this done . " The Republican letter to Emanuel on the February 25 meeting offered the GOP view , saying : "  Bipartisanship is not writing proposals of your own behind closed doors , then unveiling them and demanding Republican support . Bipartisan ends require bipartisan means . " Republicans complain that the Democratic majorities in the House and Senate rammed through their preferred bills without giving GOP issues a fair hearing . Obama and Democrats respond that the bills went through the full legislative process , including lengthy committee meetings and floor debate , with Republicans taking part and offering amendments , including some that were accepted . Obama said last week that Democratic leaders were completing work on merging the House and Senate health care bills into a single Democratic proposal for the talks with Republicans . A key question for the February 25 talks will be whether Obama and Democratic leaders want their merged health care bill to serve as the starting point for an agreement . Republicans complain the comprehensive Democratic health care bills would lead to a government takeover of health care . They call for smaller steps focused on individual issues , such as limiting medical malpractice lawsuits . Democrats , however , say that spiraling health care costs that threaten the nation 's future economic stability can only be addressed through comprehensive reform . Obama said last week that the merged Democratic bill would expand coverage to 30 million Americans who currently lack health insurance while reducing long-term health care costs . It proposes an insurance exchange to allow people and small business owners to pool together to purchase coverage , Obama said , but he made no mention of a government-run public health insurance option that Republicans have rallied against . Obama said the Democratic proposal would include reforms that prevent insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing medical conditions or capping lifetime benefits . "  And by the way , all of it is paid for , " Obama said . "  Not only is it deficit neutral , but the Congressional Budget Office , which is the bipartisan office that is the scorekeeper for how much things cost in Congress , says it is going to reduce the costs by $ 1 trillion . " Obama called health care reform the "  single best way to bring down our deficits . "  Nobody has disputed that , " he added . "  Nobody can dispute the fact that if we do n't tackle surging health care costs , then we ca n't control our budget , " he said . CNN 's Ed Henry , Dana Bash , Tom Cohen and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	President spoke after meeting with top congressional leaders from both parties Obama : Summit a way to "  establish some common facts " on health care GOP plans have called for smaller steps , such as limiting malpractice suits Obama : Health care reform is the "  best way to bring down our deficits "
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama will announce the U.S. troop strategy for Afghanistan in a speech at 8 p.m. ET Tuesday at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Wednesday . In the speech , Obama will explain why the United States is in Afghanistan , its interests there and his decision-making process , Gibbs said , but "  the president does not see this as an open-ended engagement . "  Our time there will be limited , and I think that 's important for people to understand , " he said . "  We are in year nine " in Afghanistan , Gibbs told reporters . "  We 're not going to be there another eight or nine years . " Obama will meet with members of Congress at the White House on Tuesday afternoon before the speech . Cost issues are among the topics the president will address , Gibbs said . "  It 's a million dollars a troop for a year , " he said . "  Ten thousand troops is $ 10 billion . That 's in addition to what we already spend in Afghanistan and Pakistan . That also does not include training , and it does n't include the maintaining of a security force . It 's very , very , very expensive . " But , Gibbs added , "  I think the president , throughout this process , has talked about the cost in terms of American lives and in terms of the cost to our treasury , and I think he 'll continue to talk about it . " The president ordered more than 20,000 additional troops to Afghanistan in March . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , reportedly has called for up to 40,000 more to wage a counterinsurgency campaign against the Taliban , the Islamic militia originally ousted by U.S. military action in 2001 . Obama has weighed several options for bolstering the American contingent , ranging from sending a few thousand troops to the 40,000 McChrystal requested . A defense official told CNN earlier this week the Pentagon is making detailed plans to send about 34,000 more troops to Afghanistan in anticipation of Obama 's decision on the 8-year-old war . There had been no final word on Obama 's decision as of Tuesday , said the Defense Department official , who has direct knowledge of the process . But the official said planners have been tasked with preparing to send 34,000 additional American troops to Afghanistan with the expectation that Obama was leaning toward approving that many . iReporters sound off ; share your views on sending more troops in Afghanistan Defense Secretary Robert Gates is expected to receive the paperwork Thursday to approve orders to deploy 1,000 Marines from Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , to Afghanistan in late December -- the first of the new troops to be sent , a U.S. military official told CNN on Wednesday . The official is not authorized to talk about the plans because they have not been officially announced . The 1,000 Marines are part of a battalion task force that has been preparing and training for the deployment , the official said . The president held a lengthy meeting with top advisers Monday night , and he told reporters Tuesday that he would announce new plans for Afghanistan after Thanksgiving . McChrystal took part in the meeting Monday , along with Vice President Joe Biden , Gates , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Michael Mullen and Karl Eikenberry , the U.S. ambassador in Kabul , Afghanistan . Obama said Tuesday that the deliberations had been "  comprehensive and extremely useful . " "  It 's going to be important to recognize that in order for us to succeed there -LSB- in Afghanistan -RSB- , you 've got to have a comprehensive strategy that includes civilian and diplomatic efforts , " he said at a news conference Tuesday with visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . The defense official said Tuesday that the military is planning to send three U.S. Army brigades , totaling about 15,000 troops ; a Marine brigade with about 8,000 troops ; a headquarters element of about 7,000 ; and between 4,000 and 5,000 support troops -- a total of about 34,000 troops . CNN reported last month that this was the Pentagon 's preferred option . However , the official said Wednesday that the Marines are expected to deploy 8,000 combat , aviation and support troops , plus 1,000 to 1,500 Marines as part of a headquarters unit -- a total of between 9,000 and 9,500 . They will be in addition to the 11,000 Marines already in Afghanistan . After the first deployment , the remaining Marines will deploy over the next three to four months , the military official said . The troops would be dispatched throughout Afghanistan but would be focused mainly on the southern and southeastern provinces , where much of the recent fighting has taken place . Currently , brigades from Fort Drum in upstate New York and Fort Campbell in Kentucky are among those next in line to deploy . About 68,000 U.S. troops are in Afghanistan , along with about 45,000 from the NATO alliance . Two U.S. military officials have told CNN that NATO countries would be asked to contribute more troops to fill the gap between the 34,000 the Pentagon expects Obama to send and the 40,000 McChrystal wants . The request is expected to come during a December 7 meeting at the alliance 's headquarters in Brussels , Belgium . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will travel to Brussels next week to meet with allies , State Department sources told CNN . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell would not discuss specific numbers , but he said NATO would be asked for additional help . Obama 's Afghanistan plan will include "  very broad terms " that show how and where the United States is succeeding in the nation , a senior U.S. military official told CNN . Those points will be used to determine how and when troops can be brought home . Another senior military official said McChrystal will take his orders from Obama and will do the best he can with what he has . The question , he said , is not the number of troops , but is whether the United States has "  the right resources to do what we need to do . " "  We ca n't just go and blow people up and win this war , " the official said . "  We have to gain the trust of the people , and that is a major part of the plan here . " U.S.-led troops invaded Afghanistan in response to the al Qaeda terrorist network 's September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . The invasion overthrew the ruling Taliban , which had allowed al Qaeda to operate from its territory -- but most of the top al Qaeda and Taliban leadership escaped the onslaught . Taliban fighters have since regrouped to the mountainous region along Afghanistan 's border with Pakistan , battling U.S. and Afghan government forces on one side and Pakistani troops on the other . Al Qaeda 's top leaders , Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri , remain at large and are suspected to be hiding in the same region . The conflict has so far claimed the lives of more than 900 Americans and nearly 600 allied troops . CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Deirdre Walsh , Elaine Quijano and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	Obama to explain why U.S. is in Afghanistan , its interests there and how he made decision Official : Papers seeking orders to deploy 1,000 Marines next month are expected Thursday NATO allies will also be asked to send more troops , officials say Obama met with national security team Monday night to discuss Afghanistan
CNN  -- Brazil 's image as host of next year 's FIFA World Cup took a hit Sunday when police fired tear gas at fans of rival football teams during a deciding league match in Santa Catarina state . The fighting erupted in the stands just 10 minutes into the game Vasco da Gama needed to win to have a spot in the top league division . Their rival , Atletico Paranaense , had scored the first goal when people in the stands started throwing punches and kicks . One man wielded a metal pipe and swung it toward a fallen fan . Security forces fired tear gas into the crowd . The game was interrupted , and a helicopter landed on the field to take away an injured spectator . Photos from the stadium show emergency workers carrying bloodied fans on stretchers . Dr. Jose Eduardo Dias , one of the first doctors to arrive at the scene , said three people were critically injured . "  One was taken by the helicopter , and two others were taken on an ambulance , " he told SporTV , a sister network of CNN affiliate TV Globo . There were 80 private security guards inside the stadium when the fight broke out , Military Police Cmdr. Adilson Moreira told SporTV . Afterward , there were 160 government troops inside , he said . Moreira said he did n't think heavier policing would have stopped the brawl . "  The fight could have broken out even if we were policing the area , " he said . "  It is the culture of the Brazilian fan . When they want to fight , they come to the stadium ready to fight . And unfortunately , even with our presence , this would have happened . " Vasco 's goalkeeper Alessandro Oltramari told SporTV that he could see all the violence . "  This is very regrettable , especially since the country will be hosting the World Cup next year . It 's regrettable when things like this happen , " he said . Tensions were high coming into the game between the Vasco and Atletico-PR teams in the final round of a high-profile tournament . Days earlier , a post on a website for Atletico-PR 's fans warned that violence was possible . "  Because of the high risk of fights and confrontations on the road and in regards to the high number of fans from rival teams coming to the last round of games , " the website said , "  we will not be selling tickets to women or children . " The game resumed after more than an hour , and Vasco lost 5-1 . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez and Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report .	A doctor tells local media that three fans were critically injured Photos show tear gas , punches , kicking and bloodied fans The fight comes as Brazil prepares to host the 2014 World Cup
CNN  -- Hundreds of students walked out of their Oklahoma high school Monday to protest the school 's response to the alleged bullying of three classmates who say they were raped by the same person . The students were greeted outside Norman High School by parents and other members of the community who had gathered to support them , junior Sophia Babb told CNN . Together , the crowd waved signs and chanted "  No justice , no class " and "  No more bullying . " Their message to the world : it could be your daughter . The protest stemmed from allegations by three female Norman High School students who say classmates bullied them mercilessly after they were raped in separate instances by the same person . The teens and their families say school administrators failed to take adequate action after they reported the rapes and bullying . Their story spread across social media after Jezebel published a detailed account Friday . No one has been arrested or charged yet , Norman Police Department Captain Tom Easley told CNN . An investigation began a month ago , and no details will be released until it concludes . A Norman High School spokesperson had not returned CNN 's request for comment by publication time . In a letter to the school community , Norman Public Schools Superintendent Joe Siano encouraged parents to talk to their children about alternatives to the walkout , such as wearing stickers and ribbons provided by the school "  in symbolic support . " He also said the school was enlarging a task force to study the implementation of a "  targeted , research-based sexual assault curriculum for students , " and that the school will continue to respond quickly to reports of sexual assault and bullying . The three teens told Jezebel that they stopped attending classes and left school voluntarily after the teasing became unbearable . Friends of the teens started a Facebook page , YES ALL Daughters , two weeks ago to show support for them , Babb said . They were fed up with classmates blaming the teens for the attacks , she said . "  You could see it all over social media , the victim blaming , " Babb said in a phone call after the protest . The page drew nearly 10,000 likes in two weeks . With the help of their mothers and relatives , they organized Monday 's protest . "  After hearing the story we felt compelled to help the kids do something , " said Stacie Wright , whose niece started the Facebook page . The group posted a long list of "  Protest Do  s  and Do n't  s  " on its Facebook page to make the event a peaceful one : DO Be Peaceful , Law-Abiding Citizens that do not disturb local businesses , DO Be a Good Neighbor ; Do NOT Respond to any negativity , Do NOT Use profanity . The Daily Oklahoman reported the crowd of protesters Monday was in the hundreds . But organizers estimated that 1,500 attended the protest outside the school , which has an enrollment of about 1,800 students . "  It shows that students wo n't put up with this harassment and bullying , " Babb said . "  We stand in solidarity with all victims and we want to show that we support them . "	Oklahoma teens walk out of class Monday to protest victim-blaming Hundreds of students , community members gathered outside Norman High School Protest stems from allegations from students who say same person raped them Teens told Jezebel that school failed to adequately deal with their rape claims
CNN  -- Somber and brow beaten , Kolubah piles potato greens on top of his head and walks to the nearest market at 5am . Barefoot . He has to sell all of his greens to make money so his family can eat . His parents and siblings are unable to provide for themselves , so everyday Kolubah is forced to skip school and earn a living . His only solace : football . Later that same day Coach Tio kneels down to tie Kolubah 's shoelaces . Kolubah is 10-years-old and the breadwinner for his family . But so rarely does he wear shoes , he does n't even know how to tie his own laces . Tough childhoods Tough childhoods are not uncommon in Liberia , West Africa . In January , I was there with a documentary team shooting an episode of "  The World Cup Project " -- a documentary TV show featuring 11 countries and 11 organizations around the world that are using football for social change and development in the build up to this year 's tournament . We found a country still recovering from a civil war that ended a decade ago , and resulted in around 250,000 people dying and thousands more being displaced . During the conflict , children as young as eight were handed machetes and machine guns and told to massacre their families . Child soldiers were the weapon of choice in this brutal war and the scars are still very raw . But there is a glowing red sunset at the end of this story as an heroic organization of local football coaches is changing the face of Liberia . One football game at a time . The woman behind this organization -- LACES , Life and Change Experienced Thru Sport -- is Seren Fryatt , 34 , from Muncie , Indiana . After she spent several months volunteering on board a floating hospital ship in Liberia , and playing for Liberia 's Professional Women 's Soccer Division , LACES was born . Fryatt dreamed of promoting social change and development through her favorite sport -- football -- and her dream became a reality in 2007 when LACES set up its first program in Liberia . LACES ' mission is simple : "  To develop positive role models in communities in a manner that is fun and challenging . " LACES currently has three programs in Liberia in Kona , Cotton Tree and Duport Road and has worked with 80 coaches and 700 kids . It is a faith-based organization and recruits its coaches from local churches , they then attend a workshop on coaching and mentor training and are given equipment to register children ages 10-14 . According to Fryatt , "  this age group was chosen because it is within this range that children are in the formative stages of learning and comprehension of personal decision making . As well as mentoring the children and training the coaches , LACES also has a feeding program . Weekly , after each game , the kids are provided with a free meal to enjoy with their coach . Sometimes this is the only meal the children get on this day . Before the end of the year LACES plans to roll out a new "  Kick Out Corruption " campaign to tackle the problem of corruption in Liberia . "  It 's vital the children of the future know their rights , and know what is right and wrong when it comes to corruption , " Fryatt claims . "  Unfortunately corruption is a very real everyday problem here and we want to try and address that . " Many of the Laces coaches themselves grew up during the civil war . They are now teaching children social skills through football , ensuring the children of this generation do not become new victims of the conflict they lived through . And through their work the coaches are coming to terms with their own pasts , their own losses and sometimes their own brutal actions . Horrific memories LACES ' national director , James Moore , was brutally attacked and stabbed in his own home in Monrovia recently as his children slept in the next room . He reveals : "  It brought back horrific memories of the war . The war may be over but the scars still remain . " Some of his memories are truly terrifying . James says that at just 13 years old he walked for four days with his 80-year-old grandmother , through the jungle , to a neighboring village for safety . He went to fetch food for his family and heard a ruckus . As any curious teenager would , James went towards the noise . But he wishes to this day that he had not . He watched as a man executed another man , ripped his heart out of his chest and ate it . "  It is the worst thing I have ever seen and causes me nightmares to this day , " James admits . Pastor Louis Roberts , Mentoring Manager of LACES , has his own harrowing tales to tell . He lost his entire family under Charles Taylor 's regime . His mother , his father , his brothers and sisters all died , leaving him to fend for himself . But instead of picking up a gun , Pastor Roberts found the church and LACES and is determined to educate the children so Liberia never sees another Civil War . "  The children are the future of this country , " he says . "  It is my job to make sure they learn basic social skills like respect for their families , their team mates and their coaches . These skills are what LACES is all about . We teach the kids how to have fun , but also how to be better people . On and off the pitch . " The "  The World Cup Project " TV series will debut in June through Snag Films . Follow on Twitter and Facebook . Find out more about LACES at www.lacesport.org . Read more : Holy water washes away sins at Ethiopia 's Timket festival Read more : Why did the elephant cross the road ? To avoid the drunks	LACES helps poor children in Liberia to change their lives through football The organization promotes positive role models and aims to fight corruption Its feeding program assures a free meal for every child after a game The scheme helps children and their coaches to overcome the trauma of civil war
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Sen. Ben Nelson of Nebraska on Saturday threw his support behind the Democrats ' health care reform bill , giving the party the crucial backing it needed to avoid a Republican filibuster that would prevent a Senate vote . The first of a series of votes is set for Monday at 1 a.m. , on a so-called manager 's amendment , consisting of amendments crafted in the last week-and-a-half by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada . At the request of Republicans , the entire package of amendments -- 383 pages -- was being read Saturday , for hours , on the Senate floor . The Senate could vote on the entire bill , a top priority of President Obama , before Christmas . However , a House Democratic leadership source told CNN that Obama 's repeated requests for a health care bill to arrive on his desk by the end of the year wo n't be met . The source , who spoke on the condition of anonymity due to the ongoing internal discussions within the party , said there is "  no chance of a conference between Christmas and New Year 's . " Sen. Mitch McConnell , the Senate Republican leader , said the latest version of the Senate health care bill "  is a legislative train wreck of historic proportions . " "  If -LSB- Democrats -RSB- were proud of this bill , they would n't be doing it this way , " McConnell said . "  They would n't be jamming it through in the middle of the night on the last weekend before Christmas . " McConnell said the legislation "  will have a profound impact on our nation . This is not renaming a post office . Make no mistake , this bill will reshape our nation and our lives . " Reid and Sen. Charles Schumer of New York spent most of Friday trying to answer concerns from Nelson , who had held back on supporting the bill because of his objections to public funding for abortions . Schumer said negotiations with Nelson over the legislation 's health care provisions began Friday morning and ended with handshakes close to 11 p.m. Schumer and others involved in the talks said Nelson did n't want to make a public announcement about his decision to back the bill until the negotiated abortion language was entered into the record . Nelson 's backing gave the Democrats the crucial 60 votes needed to move the bundle of recent amendments , which involved a spate of compromises , to the Senate floor . "  Change is never easy , but change is what 's necessary in America today . That 's why I intend to vote for cloture and for health care reform , " the Nebraska Democrat told reporters . Cloture is the procedure that allows senators to place a time limit on consideration of a bill or other matters , and thereby overcome a filibuster . Nelson warned , however , that if there are changes to the health bill when House and Senate leaders meet to resolve their differences , he will withdraw his support . The House has passed a different version of the bill . Obama said the Senate 's health care reform bill would be the largest deficit-reduction measure in a decade . "  We are on the cusp of making health care reform a reality , " he said . "  With today 's developments , it now appears that the American people will have the vote they deserve on genuine reform that offers security to those who have health insurance and affordable options for those who do not . " According to the Congressional Budget Office , the legislation would offer a decrease in the deficit of $ 132 billion over the first decade , and more than $ 1 trillion in the 10 years after that , Obama said at a brief news conference . The new cost for the revised Senate bill is $ 871 billion , the CBO said . The previous price tag was $ 848 billion . Obama 's was one of a flurry of press briefings held Saturday after Nelson 's announcement . Nelson , a social conservative who opposes abortion , did not want taxpayer funds to pay for the medical procedure . One of his main requests was that states that offer insurance present at least one plan without the abortion option . In addition , he was assured that anyone receiving federal health subsidies would pay separately for an abortion . Two liberal U.S. senators who had not committed to supporting the health bill also announced Saturday that they would vote "  yes " on its passage . Sen. Bernie Sanders , a Vermont Independent who caucuses with the Democrats , said he changed his stance because the measure now contains provisions for new community health centers . Sen. Sherrod Brown , D-Ohio , said he favored the insurance reforms in the legislation . Neither is totally pleased , but they told CNN it 's a good first step . Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California , who was involved in some talks with Nelson , said she 's satisfied that the agreement 's language achieves its goal . "  My goal was to try to reach some compromise so we could move forward on health care , where the basic premise was we could separate federal funds from private funds . I think we achieved that . " Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , agreed , saying the deal follows the principles of the Hyde amendment , which prevents federal funds from being used for abortions . "  Anyone who is in the exchange who also gets a federal subsidy because they 're poor , if they choose a private insurance policy and want any kind of abortion coverage , they have to write that part of the premium from their own personal funds , " the Florida senator said . The health bill proposes a health insurance exchange for those unable to afford health coverage or do n't have coverage . No federal funds could be used to cover abortions for people participating in the exchange , the bill says . In addition , under national plans that would be administered by the Office of Personnel Management , there has to be , if a state chooses those , at least one that does not offer abortion coverage . Meanwhile , two congresswomen said they had "  serious reservations " about the abortion provision in the Senate version of the health care bill . "  This provision is not only offensive to people who believe in choice , but it is also possibly unconstitutional , " said U.S. Reps. Diana DeGette , D-Colorado , and Louise M. Slaughter , D-New York , in a statement Saturday . "  As we have maintained throughout this process , health care reform should not be misused to take away access to health care . The more than 190-member Caucus will review this language carefully as we move forward on health care reform . "	NEW : Source says Obama 's requests for bill on his desk by end of year wo n't be met Sen. Ben Nelson reaches agreement that allays his concerns about funding abortion President Obama : Bill would be largest deficit-reduction measure in a decade Sen. Mitch McConnell , Senate Republican leader , calls Dems ' plan a "  train wreck "
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The copyright to a home movie of Marilyn Monroe "  just sitting around " with friends will be offered through an online auction this week , according to a man who found the film while researching the actress ' death . A short clip of the four-minute , silent 16 mm film provided to CNN to shows Monroe puffing on a cigarette , laughing and drinking wine on a couch . An FBI agent involved in the investigation of Monroe 's death on August 5 , 1962 -- which was ruled a suicide by drug overdose -- tipped off collector Keya Morgan to the film 's existence . Morgan was interviewing the agent for a documentary titled "  Marilyn Monroe : Murder on Fifth Helena Drive , " he said . The documentary , due out next year , examines the theory that Monroe was killed by government agents because of her affair with President John F. Kennedy . Morgan said he paid $ 275,000 for the faded color film because it is "  very rare " to find images of the actress ' private moments . "  It 's a side of Marilyn that no one has ever seen before , " he said . "  You see the private Norma Jeane , the girl . You do n't see Marilyn Monroe , the movie star . " Monroe changed her name from Norma Jeane Baker to Marilyn Monroe early in her acting and modeling career . While she puffs the cigarette , "  she 's also sniffing her armpit and acting silly , " Morgan said . The woman who made the film asked that CNN use only her first name , Gretchen , to protect her identity . "  We were just getting together , " Gretchen said . They were "  just sitting around " in a New Jersey apartment , singing songs , she said . The film was made in the late 1950s ; Gretchen said she could not recall the exact year . She kept it packed away for 50 years , except for loaning it to FBI investigators , she said . Gretchen retained the copyright , which Morgan is helping her sell through an eBay auction expected to begin Thursday , he said .	Copyright to film of Marilyn Monroe "  sitting around " will be offered on eBay this week Clip of film from 1950s shows Marilyn Monroe laughing on couch , smoking and drinking FBI agent told filmmaker about four-minute , silent 16 mm film during making of documentary Keya Morgan paid $ 275,000 for the rare glimpse into Monroe 's unscripted moments
Rocker Joan Jett warned SeaWorld to stop blasting her music at "  sound-sensitive " orcas or they 'll see her protesting at their gate . "  I was surprised and upset to see on YouTube that SeaWorld used "  I Love Rock 'n' Roll " as the opening music for its cruel and abusive ` Shamu Rocks ' show , " Jett said in a letter sent this week to SeaWorld President Jim Atchison . Jett 's demand comes as several major artists canceled planned performances at the Orlando , Florida , theme park in response to petition drives by fans who became upset after watching the CNN documentary "  Blackfish . " "  I 'm among the millions who saw ` Blackfish ' and am sickened that my music was blasted without my permission at sound-sensitive marine mammals , " Jett wrote . "  These intelligent and feeling creatures communicate by sonar and are driven crazy in the tiny tanks in which they are confined . " The documentary -- which first aired on CNN in October -- tells the story of the killing in 2010 of experienced SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau by a 12,000-pound orca . The film raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity over the past 39 years . "  SeaWorld 's reliance on cruelty and captivity for commerce has been widely exposed , " Jett 's letter , obtained by CNN , said . "  I hope you 'll take the respectable path and release the captive orcas to coastal sanctuaries so that they can live out their lives with other orcas in nature . This move would show that your company is truly family-friendly . " Jett warned Atchison that if she does n't get it in writing that SeaWorld has stopped using any of her music , "  I will be forced to take further action , and you 'll find me among the PETA protesters outside your parks . " A SeaWorld spokesman said that Jett 's song is no longer used in any of its shows , but that it "  was played as walk-in music for the "  Shamu Rocks " nighttime show at SeaWorld Orlando and was fully licensed for us to use . " "  A new nighttime Shamu show is being designed for SeaWorld Orlando and we had no plans to use any of her music in that show , " spokesman Nick Gollattscheck told CNN Wednesday . Rock band Cheap Trick is the latest act to cancel a show during SeaWorld 's six weekends of Bands , Brew & BBQ events starting in February . The group follows in the footsteps of Heart , Willie Nelson and Barenaked Ladies , who announced withdrawals from the park 's schedule this month . "  We expect that other artists will be targeted in this campaign , " the SeaWorld spokesman said . The park 's concert schedule -- which also previously listed REO Speedwagon , Martina McBride , 38 Special , Justin Moore and Scotty McCreery -- has disappeared from SeaWorld 's website . It now simply promises "  incredible concerts with top artists in classic rock and country music . " SeaWorld is working to book replacement acts , Gollattscheck said . "  We 'll announce the full lineup of bands when all artists have been confirmed . We 'll repost the schedule on our site then . " Artists speak up "  I do n't agree with the way they treat their animals , " Nelson told CNN about his decision to cancel . "  It was n't that hard a deal for me . " The Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies was the first , reacting to a petition posted on Change.org . "  This is a complicated issue , and we do n't claim to understand all of it , but we do n't feel comfortable proceeding with the gig at this time , " the band said on its Facebook page . Sisters Nancy and Ann Wilson of Heart did not elaborate last week when they announced their decision to cancel at SeaWorld , although they acknowledged it was "  due to the controversial documentary film . " "  While we 're disappointed a small group of misinformed individuals was able to deny fans what would have been great concerts at SeaWorld by Heart , Barenaked Ladies and Willie Nelson , we respect the bands ' decisions , " SeaWorld 's Gollattscheck told CNN on Sunday . He has not yet responded to news that Cheap Trick joined the exodus . SeaWorld said it would like the musical artists to learn for themselves about SeaWorld . "  The bands and artists have a standing invitation to visit any of our parks to see firsthand or to speak to any of our animal experts to learn for themselves how we care for animals and how little truth there is to the allegations made by animal extremist groups opposed to the zoological display of marine mammals , " Gollattscheck said . SeaWorld says the documentary ignores the park 's conservation efforts and research .	SeaWorld says it 's dropped Joan Jett songs from Shamu show Joan Jett says she just learned SeaWorld plays "  I Love Rock 'n' Roll " in orca show Jett : Orcas "  are driven crazy in the tiny tanks " when blasted with music Heart , Willie Nelson , Barenaked Ladies , Cheap Trick cancel SeaWorld shows
CNN Student News  -- May 10 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day In what ways do you think that anti-bullying messages might impact students who are bullied and the bullies themselves ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . Who is the current U.S. Treasury Secretary ? * * 2 . To the nearest thousand , what milestone did the Dow Jones Industrial Average reach on Tuesday ? * * 3 . What part of the United Kingdom will vote next year on whether to stay in the UK or to become an independent country ? * * 4 . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov announced that they will set up a conference to form a new government for what country ? * * 5 . What kind of tax might some online vendors have to charge if Congress passes the Marketplace Fairness Act ? * * 6 . What company retook the number one spot on this year 's Fortune 500 list as the biggest company in America ? * * 7 . What is the oldest college or university in the United States ? * * 8 . President Obama met recently with Laura Chinchilla , the president of what Central American country ? * * 9 . What country has the world ` s second largest economy ? * * 10 . As part of the 2010 health care reform law , some restaurants will have to show what unit of energy on their menus ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Time waits for no man nor the players of the ATP and WTA tours as tennis ' top men and women cross the border from Canada and head to Cincinnati , Ohio to compete in their second Masters tournament in consecutive weeks . This year will see a new champion crowned in the men 's tournament with Rafael Nadal forced to sit out the defense of his title after injuring his wrist at the end of last month . World No. 1 Novak Djokovic will hope that he can succeed the Spaniard after finishing runner up four times at the Masters 1000 event in previous years . "  I care about winning this title a lot , " Djokovic said , the ATPTour website reported . "  I lost four times in the finals . I have n't been really close in those finals either . I have n't been able to perform my best in this tournament when it was needed . "  But I did have a lot of good matches in Cincinnati . Hopefully I can go one step further this time , but I have n't been playing as well as I wanted in Toronto , " said Djokovic , who was beaten by France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the third round last week . "  So these couple of days I 've put a lot of hours in on the practice court to upgrade my game and get my level of performance where it needs to be in order to have a chance to go far in the tournament . " The Serb -- the top seed -- will have a testing opener against the winner of the match between Bernard Tomic of Canada and France 's Gilles Simon who play Monday . The top eight seeds all have a first-round bye as lower-ranked players all vie for a second round spot . Germany 's Benjamin Becker was an early straight-sets winner over Ivo Karlovic from Croatia . The German 's 7-6  7/5  6-4 win sets up a second-round match with Australian Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka . Becker 's compatriot , Philipp Kohlschreiber is also safely through to the second round after a three-set win  6-3 4-6 6-4  over France 's Jeremy Chardy . The world No. 24 is rewarded with a second round tie against sixth seed David Ferrer from Spain . His compatriot , Tommy Robredo was also a winner on Monday , beating American Jack Sock 7-6  7/5  6-3 to book a meeting with another U.S. player , Sam Querrey . After defeating Roger Federer to win the second Masters title of his career last Sunday , Tsonga  seeded 12th  starts his campaign on Tuesday against Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny . Azarenka defends 2013 crown In the women 's draw , Sam Stosur will face Serena Williams in the second round for the second week running if the Australian can overcome Varvara Lepchenko of the U.S. on Monday evening . Williams brushed Stosur aside last week in Montreal before suffering a surprise defeat to her sister Venus in the semis . Venus gets her Cincinnati campaign underway with a first round match against Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic while her conqueror in Sunday 's final , Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska has a bye and will play either Japan 's Kurumi Nara or Swiss player Romina Oprandi . Reigning champion Victoria Azarenka of Belarus will face the Czech Republic 's Barbora Zahlavova Strycova in her opening match on Tuesday . Maria Sharapova , winner at Cincinnati in 2011 , will play Madison Keys in her opening match following the American 's straight-set win  6-2 6-4  over France 's Alize Cornet early on Monday . Belgium 's Kirsten Flipkens was also a first-round winner , beating Slovenia 's Polona Hercog 6-3 6-2 to set up a second-round match against French Open finalist Simona Halep of Romania . Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic will face Elina Svitolina in the second round after the Ukrainian 's straight sets win over America 's Lauren Davis .	Both ATP and WTA players back in action this week at Cincinnati Masters Reigning men 's champ Rafa Nadal not competing because of wrist injury Novak Djokovic looking for first Cincinnati win after finishing runner up four times Women 's defending champion Victoria Azarenka starts title defense on Tuesday
CNN  -- Fernando Torres rediscovered his scoring touch with a double at Stamford Bridge as Chelsea romped to a 5-0 win over Genk in their Champions League Group E match Wednesday . The Spanish international striker had not scored in European club football for over two years , but looked dangerous throughout and might easily have had a hat-trick . The Belgian visitors were up against it from the start and after Torres hit the post , Raul Mereiles scored with a thumping shot from outside the penalty area . Torres was soon on the score sheet with a neat side foot effort and added his second with a well-placed header from a Mereiles cross . Branislav Ivanovic headed home from a Florent Malouda free kick for the fourth just before halftime . Torres , who was rested at the weekend , looked sharp as he went in search of his third and he was denied by Genk keeper Laszlo Koteles only for Salomon Kalou to grab the fifth from the rebound . Chelsea lead Bayer Leverkusen by a point after the German side beat Valencia 2-1 in the other Group E match . Former Chelsea midfielder Michael Ballack was the inspiration for Leverkusen , who fell behind to a goal from Brazil striker Jonas . But they hit back through goals by midfielders Andre Schuerrle and Sidney Sam after the break , with ex-Germany captain Ballack setting up the winner with a superb defense-splitting pass . Meanwhile in Group F , Arsenal made sure it was a good night for English Premier League sides with a last-gasp victory over Marseille in the Stade Velodrome . The game was headed for a 0-0 draw when substitute Aaron Ramsey cropped up for the precious winner as Arsenal go top of the group by a point from their French opponents . Olympiakos of Greece beat German champions Borussia Dortmund 3-1 in the other match in the group to keep alive their hopes of qualification for the knockout stages . Jose Holebas , a German player of Greek descent , headed the opener for the home side after just eight minutes . Dortmund deservedly leveled through Polish striker Robert Lewandowski midway through the first half , but five minutes before the break Rafik Djebbour restored the Olympiakos lead . With the visitors pressing , Olympiakos broke upfield to win a free kick and defender Francois Modesto headed home from Ariel Ibagaza 's delivery to seal the victory .	Chelsea beat Genk 5-0 in Champions League E match at Stamford Bridge Fernando Torres scores twice in easy win as Chelsea top group Bayer Leverksusen beat Valencia 3-1 in other Group E game Aaron Ramsey scores injury time winner for Arsenal at Marseille
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Prosecutors dropped corruption charges Monday against South Africa 's ruling party president Jacob Zuma , who is expected to win the presidential race later this month . Jacob Zuma is expected to win the country 's upcoming presidential election . The leader of the African National Congress had been charged with more than 700 counts of corruption and fraud . The charges , which were linked to a multibillion dollar arms deal in the country , were dropped after eight years of investigations . Zuma , who was named one of Time 's Most Influential People in 2008 , is favored to win the country 's next presidential elections scheduled for April 22 . He served as deputy president of South Africa from 1999 until he was fired in 2005 by President Thabo Mbeki over his alleged involvement in a bribery scandal . Opposition parties are accusing prosecutors of buckling under pressure from the ruling party . Mokotedi Mpshe , head of the National Prosecuting Authority , disagreed . "  An intolerable abuse has occurred , " Mpshe said after reading transcripts of telephone conversations between two prosecution chiefs who appear to be planning to charge Zuma before ANC party elections . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report	Jacob Zuma is president of the ANC , the most powerful party in South Africa He is widely predicted to win the presidential vote , expected to take place in April Zuma has denied claims of accepting bribes , money laundering , among others Opposition parties accuse prosecutors of buckling under pressure
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Apparently in Hollywood , the hair 's the hardest . Not styling it , but creating it , in this case on the back of an imaginary mammoth . Roland Emmerich grins and bears it as he poses for photographers with the stars of "  10,000 BC . " "  At the beginning of every movie , " Roland Emmerich explains , "  I talk to my visual effects supervisor . She always reads the script , then she comes running into my office and says : ` It 's impossible Roland , we can not do this . ' " "  She explained to me : ` Every hair is like a one of a million , it has to react to the other hair , and then there is the wind , and the movement of the animal , it 's just a mathematical nightmare ' . So I said : ` Great , let 's do it . ' " The results speak for themselves . A herd of thundering mammoths takes a starring role in one of the trailers for "  10,000 BC . " They look realistic enough ; certainly more realistic than the one positioned on the red carpet for the film 's world premiere in Berlin . see pictures of the world premiere " It stands -- after some considerable effort -- at the entrance to CineStar theater in Berlin 's Potsdamer Platz , the location for the first big public screening of Roland Emmerich 's new film . see the mammoth going up . . and down " He 's nervous . For a Hollywood director who 's renowned for outrageous concepts and over-the-top effects , he 's not very fond of fanfare . "  It 's good for the movie . We want to promote the movie . That 's the only reason why I do it , " Emmerich says . He 's speaking at the Regent Hotel in Berlin on the morning of the worldwide premiere of "  10,000 BC . " There 's a long day ahead ; eight or so hours of interviews with the world 's media and film critics , then the film premiere and the premiere party . The Interviews Warner Brothers , the film 's distributors , have booked every room in Berlin 's Regent Hotel . Nothing is left to chance . "  The coordinating central office where all of the press gathers for the press credentials and just to make sure that the timing is right because the schedule is quite intricate , " says the film 's producer Michael Wimer , as he leads Revealed on a tour of the hotel . Upstairs there are the interview rooms , make-up rooms "  to make sure that our people look as beautiful as possible " , and the all important "  monitor room . " Inside the monitor room is a row of television screens showing live feeds of interviews taking place down the hall . "  People get to stay in here and look and see if there 's a consistency of information , to see if the interviews are going well or not , " Wimer explains , "  and basically just to make sure that everything is going the way we want it to . " Revealed : "  Have you noticed any mistakes ? " Wimer : "  No ... so far . So far we have professionals , which is pretty important because some of our actors are pretty young and for them to be doing this at such a high level , such a professional level , says a lot about how they 've been prepared . I think this is going to be a good day for us . " The premiere Hundreds of people line up three-deep along the temporary barriers outside the CineStar theater in Berlin 's Potsdamer Platz , as photographers provide the familiar sparkle of camera flashes that greet every world premiere . Roland Emmerich arrives in suit and trainers and immediately bounds over to a group of fans who are waving books and photos . This is one premiere that 's more about the film maker than the stars . "  I think it 's interesting because you know normally it 's about the stars , about the main characters , " says Steven Gaetjen , a German television presenter who 'll be compering the event . "  But he 's the person that invented the story ; he 's the man who made the movie . " "  Anything that happens in Berlin attracts a huge crowd but tonight is very special because it 's a world premiere and sort of like a lost son has returned to Germany . " And that lost son has brought people with him ; a group of South African extras who played the mammoth hunters . Michael Wimer : "  Somewhere around the end of the shoot , Roland said to these guys : ` Well , the next part of it , after of course a year of production , is the premiere . ' " "  He said : ` If we have the premiere in Europe I promise I 'll fly you guys up . ' And Roland , true to his word , contacted them about two months ago and said : ` Hey guys , we 're doing the premiere , in Berlin and I 'm sending down some tickets and we 'll take care of the hotel rooms . ' " "  They just got here day before yesterday and it 's just the most fun thing to see the whole group getting back together again , " Wimer says . "  It 's a little odd that we call them the mammoth hunters when we 're walking around Berlin , but it 's pretty charming and we hope they 're going to have a blast tonight on the red carpet . " The Film A twittering spreads through the audience as the lights dim and the curtains open . What follows is an 109 minute love story set in prehistoric times . A young mammoth hunter , D'Leh  Steven Strait  , falls in love with a beautiful village girl , Evolet  Camilla Belle  . When she 's abducted by a gang of mysterious horseman , D'Leh embarks on a journey across unchartered territory to rescue her . Along the way , he and his band of followers discover unknown civilizations . Gradually their small band turns into an army . After fending off saber tooth tigers and vicious terror birds , they confront their final challenge -- to overthrown a tyrannical God who has enslaved his people . Viewers ' verdict After the premiere , guests file up a smaller red carpet to the premiere party at Goya nightclub in Berlin . It is time to relax and share their thoughts on the film . Revealed went into the public area and asked the general public what they thought . Have you seen the film ? What did you think ? "  I think the action was great but the story was a little too thin , " said one woman , a view shared by a couple of film-goers . "  The pictures were great , really , really great , but for me it was a bit too simple . " "  No , I 'm sorry , it 's not my type of movie , but it was fun . We had some drinks and some nachos . " Other comments ranged from the mildly enthusiastic ... "  It took a long time , two and a half years for this , but it was quite amusing . I enjoyed it yes . I liked ` Independence Day ' and I liked the Patriot . This one would n't be one of my favorites . " To the exuberant ... "  It was very exciting and it was very enormous with the big mammoths and stuff . I think it 's a big success for the film , hopefully for Emmerich . It 's the 3rd film I 've seen from him and I am of course a big fan . " "  I was amazing ; it was a Roland Emmerich film . All the special effects he made , all the ideas he has ... great , great . " As for Roland himself , he 's put the dilemma of creating realistic mammoth hair behind him and is focusing on his next film . "  By the time the movie 's out there , you have seen it probably a thousand times , " he says , "  and you can not watch it anymore . Because you would , like , go crazy . " "  So , I do n't watch anything anymore and I do n't read any reviews . I just avoid that this movie exists and concentrate on the next one . "	Woolly mammoth on red carpet for world premiere of Emmerich 's "  10,000 BC " Film premiered in Berlin on Feb. 26 after grueling schedule of media interviews Mammoth hunters from South Africa joined stars at Potsdamer Platz Viewers ' opinion of film mixed : "  Action was great but the story was too thin "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Tuba Sahaab looks nothing like a warrior . She is a slight girl of 11 , living in a simple home in a suburb of Islamabad . But in Tuba 's case , looks are deceiving . "  I want to give peace to my nation , " Tuba Sahaab says , "  I will fight for it . " With her pen , Tuba is taking on the swords of the Taliban . She crafts poems telling of the pain and suffering of children just like her ; girls banned from school , their books burned , as the hard-core Islamic militants spread their reign of terror across parts of Pakistan . A stanza of one of her poems reads : "  Tiny drops of tears , their faces like angels , Washed with blood , they sleep forever with anger . " Tuba is not afraid to express her views . Of the Taliban forcing young girls out of the classroom , she says : "  This is very shocking to hear that girls ca n't go to school , they are taking us back to the Stone Age . " Less than two hours from Tuba 's home , the Taliban have control . The one-time holiday destination of the Swat Valley is now a no-go zone . Curfews are in place at all times . Militants kill with impunity . Human rights activists and people on the ground in Swat Valley speak of a place called "  slaughter square " where the Taliban leave the bodies of their victims with notes saying "  do not remove for 24 hours . " No one touches the corpses out of fear of reprisals . Watch Tuba recite her poetry " Tuba Sahaab refuses to be silent . As young as she is , she is wise and brave beyond her years . The young school girl is reaching a bigger audience , regularly appearing in the media . On the day we spend with her , Tuba and her mother appear on a talk radio program . Back home , she tells me how she would give her life for her country . "  I want to give peace to my nation , " she says , "  I will fight for it . " And Tuba has an inspiration : U.S. President Barack Obama . She prayed for his elections , she says . She sees in him the hope of peace in her own country . Tuba Sahaab has a dream to meet her hero . She can hardly contain her excitement . "  I want to go the White Palace and show him my poems , show him what is happening and ask him to come to Pakistan and control it because he is a super power . " Meeting and listening to Tuba Sahaab , it is easy to forget she is still a young girl . In her playground at school , Tuba dances and laughs with her friends . She loves writing her short stories  she has already published one book  and shows me a cartoon character she has created called "  Tomato Man . " Tuba 's parents are proud of their daughter . They say they are not afraid even as she speaks out so publicly against the Taliban . Tuba is their only child but as her mother tells me , she is "  worth more than seven sons and seven daughters . " And Tuba has the dreams of any young child . She tells me she wants to be an astronaut and then one day lead her country . "  I will do anything , if my life goes I do n't worry , I just want to do something . " "  I think you will get the chance , " I say . "  Yes , if someone gives me the chance you will see what I can do . " Of that , I have no doubt .	With her pen , 11-year-old Pakistani Tuba Sahaab takes on the swords of the Taliban She crafts poems on children in Pakistan oppressed by hard-core Islamic militants Girls have been banned from school , their books burned , as militants spread terror Refusing to be silent , despite the danger , she regularly speaks out in the media
CNN  -- When people come to my house for the first time there exists only a handful of personal items worth showing off as part of the tour . Mind you , it 's a rather short and uninspiring tour . The gift shop basically consists of pudding . And I 'm usually not wearing pants . Nevertheless , if one does take a quick walk-about of the Bellini manor , the first thing I 'll show them is a framed original Rolling Stone from 1972 with Jerry Garcia on the cover . It 's pretty much the only thing I own of any interest . Beyond that , I 'm left to intrigue visitors with a bunch of large sticks I tossed in a vase . Also , in the kitchen , I have a collection of condiments . None of which ever seem to impress . "  Sir , I appreciate that you have two different flavors of Cholula , but I really just need you to sign for this package . " "  Please . Do n't go . I 'm so alone . " Fortunately , I finally found the perfect decorative conversation starter to proudly display somewhere within the six cubic feet of space not being lorded over by my dog . And what is this amazing piece of art ? Well , much in the Easter spirit , It 's a giant friggin ' egg ! You 'd have to hide it behind a Honda Civic . And if your kid ca n't find it , you failed as a parent . At a foot high and eight inches wide , it 's essentially the same size as John Madden 's head .  But covered with far fewer leftover , greasy chunks of turducken .  And it would look great in my living room next to the sticks . The only problem is that when it goes up for auction at Christie 's in London during a travel and science sale at the end of April , it 'll likely gavel for more than $ 45,000 . You see , the reason this particular egg is worth so much money -- and the reason so many people started talking about it online after Christie 's put it up for display -- is that it 's a fully intact , fossilized ovum of the long-extinct elephant bird . Other artifacts like this have been pieced together from shell fragments . But this one is in mint condition . And if you have the money , what a great way to honor the elephant bird ! Up until about the 17th century , the oxymoronically named animal lived happily on the island nation of Madagascar . And at about 10 feet tall , it was once the largest winged creature to walk the planet . But it did n't fly , for that would be asking a lot . "  Fly , stupid bird ! " "  Dude , have you seen me ? " The thing was absolutely enormous -- much bigger than an ostrich . And , apparently , it squeezed out these huge eggs that could feed a small army for a month . Or , I suppose , the entire Kansas City Chiefs offensive line for about ... six minutes . "  Easy there , Geoff . Breathe between bites . " But seriously . They 're big . In fact , a single elephant bird egg is about the equivalent of 120 normal chicken eggs . And scientists say the elephant birds ' lays  is that the right word ?  were even bigger than those of the dinosaurs . Which would have been especially disconcerting to Envyosaurus . Of course , personally speaking as a mammal -- specifically a male mammal -- it 's difficult to even imagine what birthing a big , round , shelled oval must have felt like . Which is fine because , really , such considerations do n't politely lend themselves to normal conversation . Unless , perhaps , you birthed the spirit of friendship . But even then , it 's of questionable taste . "  Ouch , Dave . And then what happened ? " "  I literally exploded with kindness . It was horrible . " There 's no saying who might ultimately bid on this elephant bird egg , but , clearly , it takes an eccentric -- someone prone to spending money on things that do n't serve a greater purpose beyond just being weird for the sake of weird . "  Jim , what the hell did you just buy ? " "  It 's a used toothpick from Shaquille O'Neal . You know , for my collection . " Though , when you think about , that might also be worth having . It would look nice in my vase of sticks .	An elephant bird egg is to be auctioned in London at Christie 's The egg is expected to sell for more than $ 45,000 Bellini : "  It 's literally about the size of John Madden 's head . " The enormous egg is perfectly fossilized and hundreds of years old
CNN  -- Alex Rodriguez will never be remembered as the greatest slugger in baseball , or as the greatest third-baseman , and -- despite the recent headlines -- probably not even as the biggest cheater . But he will go down in record books for something : Having the worst contract in American professional sports history . This is not a title that we hand out lightly , because teams have handed out some doozies over the years . Michael Vick got $ 135 million over 10 years from the Atlanta Falcons , and for that money , they got a quarterback who completed 54 % of his passes and went to prison for animal cruelty . Jerome James signed with the Knicks for $ 30 million , then averaged a grand total of three points a game . Barry Zito got $ 126 million from the San Francisco Giants and essentially forgot how to pitch . Rick DiPietro signed a $ 67 million contract with the Islanders , but now the goaltender could n't stop a beach ball -- which is an issue because that deal does n't run out until 2021 . And then , there is Bobby Bonilla 's deal with the Mets . The money-strapped baseball team in Queens is still paying the retired outfielder more than 18 players on their active roster and will continue paying him $ 1.2 million through 2035  when Bonilla is 72  as part of a mind-blowing buyout deal . Still : The Rodriguez deal tops them all for its sheer size and stupidity . On December 13 , 2007 , the Yankees signed him to a 10-year , $ 275 million contract loaded with incentives that , five years later , is an anvil on the payroll for even the richest team in baseball . Why is it the worst ? Let us count the ways : 1 . The Yankees had a chance to move on . They had moved on , in fact , if you believed the strong words that came out of the team 's Tampa , Florida , offices during a tumultuous two weeks . Scott Boras , who was Rodriguez 's agent at the time , announced in the middle of a World Series game that his client would void the remaining three years and $ 72 million of the massive and ill-fated $ 252 million deal he had signed with the Texas Rangers as a free agent . In some corners of the Yankees organization , the news was met with a sigh of relief . Rodriguez was productive in his time with the team , but controversial . And he had , at that point , wilted in the postseason . The idea that the team would bring him back was scoffed at . The Rangers were still paying $ 7 million a year from the original contract as part of the trade terms to the Yankees , and GM Brian Cashman insisted that the team had no intention of losing that subsidy . "  If a player does n't want us , we do n't want them , " said Hank Steinbrenner , who had assumed control of the team as his father , George , had started to decline . "  That chapter is closed . " But Rodriguez , who had 54 home runs and 156 RBI in an MVP season in 2007 , was a big star the team wanted for its profitable YES Network and its new $ 1 billion stadium . So that chapter was reopened . 2 . They had no competition . Bringing back Rodriguez , in itself , was n't an awful move . He was still a productive player in his prime . But somehow , the Yankees were given all the cards in the negotiation and still tossed them face-up onto the table . All around baseball , teams were scoffing at the idea of giving A-Rod a reported $ 350 million deal . The White Sox did n't want him . The Angels did n't want him . There were so few landing places , it seemed entirely possible , if not probable , that Rodriguez 's gamble to opt out of the deal would backfire . So what did the Yankees do ? They crawled back to the table and gave him a raise , a deal that would pay him $ 27.5 million a year with a series of $ 6 million bonuses for climbing up the all-time home run list . To quote Newsday at the time : "  Hank Steinbrenner  wanted Rodriguez back so badly that he not only reversed a very loud and public proclamation , he wound up bidding against no one but himself in his mad rush to secure A-Rod 's services . " All it took was an apology from Rodriguez  who says it does n't pay to say you 're sorry ?  , and A-Rod had his 10-year deal . 3 . His production failed to meet the salary from the start . Make no mistake : The numbers were very good . A-Rod earned $ 95 million in the first three years of his deal , and for that he batted .286 with a .537 slugging percentage , 95 home runs , 256 runs and 328 RBI . And the Yankees won the 2009 World Series , with Rodriguez a driving force during an epic postseason run . Some will say that one October justified the entire contract . Still , the decline began quickly . In 2011-12 , Rodriguez missed 103 games to injury and saw his batting average dip to .274 with 34 home runs and just 119 RBI in the two seasons combined . Despite his 647 career home runs , he was so bad in the postseason last October , Yankees manager Joe Girardi dropped him from the lineup entirely , and he has n't played since after offseason hip surgery . Nobody is sure when he 'll be ready again . Which is bad enough . But the Yankees still owe Rodriguez , who turns 38 next month , $ 28 million in 2014 , $ 21 million in 2015 and $ 20 million each in 2016 and 2017 . If he ca n't get on the field now , what can the team possibly expect to get from him in his early 40s ? And that does n't even factor in ... 4 . The cheating scandals . Note that the word scandal is plural here . After insisting for years that his success was not a product of the "  Steroids Era " in baseball , a Sports Illustrated report reveal that he had , in fact , failed a test for illegal substances in 2003 . Bleacher Report : Rodriguez responds to latest allegations So more than 200 journalists packed a news conference in Tampa in February 2009 to listen as Rodriguez explained that , from 2001 to 2003 , he had used steroids while with the Texas Rangers . But only with the Rangers . "  My mistake was because I was immature and I was stupid , " Rodriguez said . "  I blame myself . For a week here , I kept looking for people to blame , and I keep looking at myself . " He insisted that he was clean during his time with the Yankees . But now , according to an ESPN report , Major League Baseball plans to suspend him 100 games for his alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs obtained through a Miami-area anti-aging clinic . The Yankees ? Disappointed is the word managing general partner Hal Steinbrenner used . "  There have no doubt been times when we 've been disappointed in him and we 've conveyed that to him and he understands that , " he said . "  But look , everybody 's human and everybody makes mistakes . If you 've got a guy over the course of 10 years , there 's going to be times any of us make mistakes . "  It 's a big contract , " Steinbrenner said . "  We all hope he 's going to act like a Yankee and do the best to live up to it . " The founder of the clinic , Tony Bosch , is reportedly set to meet with baseball officials Friday . Does he have enough credibility or evidence to support the suspensions of a reported 20 players ? Many people around the sport are n't sure . For the Yankees , the question is something else entirely : If A-Rod actually is suspended , will it be enough to get them out from under the worst contract in professional sports history ? A-Rod denies performance-enhancing drugs reports The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Politi	Steve Politi says Alex Rodriguez 's contract is the worst in sports history The Yankees still must pay him more than $ 90 million over the next four years Rodriguez will be 42 when the contract finally runs out Rodriguez has hit 647 career home runs but has yet to play this season because of injury
CNN  -- Approaching Lance Armstrong 's interview with Oprah Winfrey , I had been thinking the American -- in his type of language -- was "  done with cycling . " Used , abused and accused by fans and federations , no doubt he was feeling he had been rolled over by the cycling world , despite his years of sacrifice and heroics . After all , had n't they taken the ride with him ? Enjoyed the fame , bought the story and sold it -- all packaged up in a shiny cover . Those rulemakers and followers , who now wanted their pound of flesh , were n't they the same ones who had spouted the promises of globalization , dreamed of expanding markets and then cuddled up for the photo opportunity with the Hollywood A-listers that the Lance show brought to the table ? For a sport struggling with an image problem , Lance was their savior . Jeez , even the French pretended they liked it and as long as the dollars kept rolling in , they were happy to put up with a bit of American rock 'n' roll . Now it 's all come to an end and it 's a rather sad , dirty end to what was supposed to be a Disney-esque fairytale in lycra . The savior is a sinner after all . Cycling had n't wanted to see Lance as anything other than the big , brash , bold Texan . It suited their needs to see the fierce competitor , the athlete who dominated the Tour de France seven times , forgetting that behind the facade was a man just like other men -- not perfect , but flawed . Do n't forget it was those very flaws of character which made Lance the competitor , the one who would do what it took to win and came to consider performance enhancing drugs as part of his job . In a culture which for so many years had had such an expectancy to cheat whenever possible , there was nobody to question him . Nobody to stop him taking control of the process -- planning it and perfecting it . It was a process Lance called easy and it was if that process became more fulfilling than the victories and the fame , which may seem crazy , but then again the top athlete are rarely wired in the same way as the rest of the population . Competitors like Armstrong have stuff to prove to themselves , and to others , and it 's rarely pretty . iReport : Tell us your take on the first part of the interview Cycling fans rejoiced in his ruthlessness , his commitment and his brutal desire to win . Meanwhile his sponsors -- some of the world 's biggest brands remember -- had willingly used him to promote their products , build the image and sell the dream . With his confession all that is over and Armstrong sees the anger of those same people who wanted to believe . My biggest surprise was that the Oprah interview did not descend into the all too common excuses and crocodile tears we have seen from those in a similar predicament . There was no blaming anyone else , no recriminations and no hiding that he did it . Lance taking the blame -- that is what shocked me the most . There 's no doubt he has been aided by others in his quest to prove what he wanted to prove , but Armstrong accepts the responsibility for the deception and he accepts that the fallout is going to come his way . When did that last happen with a figure as big as Armstrong had become ? Previous award winners of "  most hated cyclist " all denied it was them or that they really did cheat . Pathetically , some of them said it was others that did it -- much like a 10-year-old would -- or that they had thought about it but then could n't . Arguably none of them has told the story in the way Armstrong has done . Sure Lance had tried the denials , told us all about the tests he had passed and convinced most people -- who did n't have the knowledge of just how tainted cycling was -- that he was clean . And now on Oprah 's sofa , just when we were all expecting more of the same , it 's been replaced with an honesty which shocks . There still remains a glimmer of hope for the sport of cycling . Armstrong said as much when he admitted the new drug testing and whereabouts program was working . It 's no longer as easy to cheat , the culture is finally changing , but that 's a process which is going to hurt the governing bodies just as much as the dramas which are going to arrive on Armstrong 's doorstep . I do n't feel sorry for Lance and refreshingly I do n't get the feeling he has asked me to feel sorry for him . He did it -- he was the bully , the liar , the one hiding behind the image . It 'll take many years for him to recover from where he is at the moment and it might be the case that he never does in many people 's eyes . The cancer community and his Livestrong work is now all that remains of what Armstrong did right . Cycling , indeed sport in general , has been deeply damaged by the American , and by those who advised , supplied and turned the other cheek because it suited them as well . But you know what ? The new Lance that tells the truth and accepts his mistakes still has hope because finally he 's realized it 's OK to be human . That 's a person some could , despite the current mess , begin to forgive . It wo n't be easy though .	In interview with Oprah Winfrey , Lance Armstrong says he regrets fighting the USADA , when the agency claimed he had doped "  I was a bully , " he says about retaliating against people who accused him of doping I will spend the rest of my life ... trying to earn back trust and apologize , " Armstrong says
CNN  -- Wikipedia this week created a new feature that allows readers of that online encyclopedia to create their own e-books with its content . The "  EPUB export feature " makes it easier for people to read free encyclopedia articles on their mobile phones , e-readers or tablets when they do n't have a connection , Wikipedia said in a blog post on Monday . "  EPUB files can be used very easily in an offline environment , " Tomasz Finc , mobile director at the Wikimedia Foundation , said in a written statement . "  They can be opened and distributed just like normal files . Plus , there are readers for almost every platform . " To make your own book , sign up on the site 's book creator page . Once you do , a green button will appear at the top of Wikipedia pages asking you if you want to "  add this page to your book . " More than one encyclopedia article can be added to a single e-book . The blog The Next Web points out that this idea may seem bizarre at first . But writer Emil Protalinski says the feature has potential . "  Personally , I would love to be able to access Wikipedia while on the subway , and this new addition is a decent way to do that , assuming I know what I want to read in advance , " the blogger wrote . "  In countries where Internet access is still very rare , not to mention mobile devices are the only devices , this wo n't be seen just as a feature of Wikipedia . It will be Wikipedia . " The e-books can be distributed after users create them . "  Collections can be exported in a variety of formats like PDF , EPUB , or OpenOffice , " Wikipedia says . "  You can also order a printed book via PediaPress , the official print-on-demand partner of Wikipedia . "	Wikipedia now lets users generate e-books from its content Multiple encyclopedia articles can be added to a single book The site says the books will be helpful for offline , mobile reading
CNN  -- Veteran striker Miroslav Klose equaled the World Cup scoring record of Brazilian great Ronaldo to rescue a point for Germany in a pulsating 2-2 draw with Ghana in Fortaleza Saturday . The 36-year-old had only just come off the bench when he reacted quickly to a flicked header by Benedikt Howedes from a Toni Kroos corner to grab the equalizer in the Group G game . It was his 15th goal in the world 's biggest sporting event , breaking the German record he had held with Gerd Muller . Klose also became only the third man to score in four World Cup finals tournaments , along with Pele and fellow German Uwe Seeler . He screwed a late chance wide , but a win for the Group G leaders would have been harsh on Ghana , who gave them an almighty scare . The Black Stars had the better of the first half and only two fine saves by Manuel Neuer denied Sulley Muntari and Christian Atsu . Germany started the second half brighter and Mario Gotze headed the opening goal -- which deflected in off his own knee -- in the 51st minute after a pin point cross from Thomas Muller . Ghana , so disappointing in its opening defeat to the USA , equalized almost immediately as Andre Ayew jumped to head home his second goal of the tournament . Just after the hour mark , Muntari picked out Asamoah Gyan , who raced through to beat Neuer with a fine finish . It was his fifth goal in World Cup finals , equaling the African record held by the great Roger Milla of Cameroon . Ghana substitute Jordan Ayew might have put the game beyond Germany 's reach but he opted for goal rather than passing to the unmarked Gyan . It proved a vital moment and almost inevitably Germany drew level with Klose 's close-range strike in the 70th minute to leave Joachim Low 's team with four points after two games and set for qualification to the last 16 . "  It does n't matter whether I play from the start or come off the bench : all games are important and 15 goals in 20 World Cup games is n't bad , " said Klose , who plays for Italian club Lazio . He took another of Muller 's records for Germany 's all-time leading scorer when he grabbed his 69th goal in a 6-1 thrashing of Armenia in a World Cup warmup game earlier this month . Muller scored 68 in just 62 games , his final goal for his country being the winner in the 1974 World Cup final against the Netherlands . Ghana , quarterfinalist in 2010 , will go into its final group match knowing victory against Portugal will be needed to have a chance of progressing further . But midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng said it had been the right result after one of the best matches of a tournament full of incident-packed games . "  It went backwards and forwards , Germany could have won it , we could have won it -- the point was fair , " said Boateng , who plays for German club Schalke and represented the country 's under-21 team before choosing the nation of his father . Boateng 's half-brother Jerome was in the Germany side , only the second time in World Cup history this has occurred .	Germany held 2-2 by Ghana in Group G Miroslav Klose scores late equalizer for Germany Klose equals World Cup scoring record of 15 Asamoah Gyan had put Ghana 2-1 ahead
It 's a welcome sign with a caveat . President Barack Obama and Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius are urging people to try again on the problem-plagued Obamacare website , insisting it will work better by Saturday 's self-imposed deadline to improve its performance from last month 's botched launch . Meanwhile , the administration has been telling its allies to hold off for now on any campaigns to encourage people to sign up right away so that HealthCare.gov does n't get overwhelmed once again this weekend . Officials fear another huge surge in volume that the site ca n't handle , which is what occurred around the October 1 launch of new insurance exchanges under Obama 's signature health care reforms . The November 30 target for website improvements "  does not represent a relaunch of HealthCare.gov ; it is not a magical date , " said Julie Bataille , spokeswoman for the federal unit in charge of administering the rollout of the health care reforms . "  There will be times after November 30th when HealthCare.gov does not function properly . " In the latest problem with the website , it will be unable to enroll small businesses online for another year , Bataille told reporters on a conference call . Small businesses can enroll in other ways in the special small business system known as SHOP , but problems with HealthCare.gov have prevented their online enrollment so far . It was the third delay of the SHOP Marketplace component of the website , this time until November 2014 . Until then , "  small businesses will be able to enroll directly in a SHOP plan through an insurer , agent or broker and can get certified for a tax credit after they enroll , " Bataille said . The Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare , does n't require companies with fewer than 50 employees to buy insurance for workers , though workers are required to have coverage . If employers choose to provide coverage workers , they may qualify for subsidies to reduce their costs . "  We expect that making direct enrollment , tax credit applications and comparison shopping easier will help to ensure that small businesses can take full advantage of the marketplace and tax credits worth up to 50 % of employee premiums in 2014 , " Bataille said . Supreme Court to take up Obamacare contraception case However , the head of the International Franchise Association complained the delay in online enrollment made it harder for small business owners to get all the information they need to enroll . "  With this delay , it will also call into question how the small business tax credit is applied , " said Steve Caldeira , the group 's president and CEO . "  Not having the ability to apply electronically will now make this process more confusing , cumbersome and time-consuming for employers . " Republican opponents of Obamacare pounced on the news , with House Speaker John Boehner urging Obama to delay implementation of the entire Affordable Care Act . "  This law has been an absolute disaster , leaving us to ask ` what 's next ? ' " the Ohio Republican said in a statement . "  If the President wo n't repeal it , he should at least delay the entire law before it wreaks any more havoc on American families and small businesses , as well as our economy . " Wednesday 's development came as the Obama administration prepared for a potential surge in online enrollment in response to its pledge to have the HealthCare.gov website functioning smoothly for most users by the end of November . According to a White House official , the administration suggested at a Monday meeting with allies that they not drive traffic to the website in the first week of December , following the November 30 deadline it set for website improvements . The administration wants to see how the website does before its supporters launch campaign efforts to boost enrollment , the official said . Recurring breakdowns , error messages and delays botched the federal web portal rollout , opening the reform effort to new and fierce Republican criticism while raising questions about the administration 's ability to manage the health insurance overhaul . The GOP opposition targets the entire 2010 Affordable Care Act , not just the website woes , as the ultimate example of big government run amok . Despite the website woes , a new CNN/ORC International poll released Wednesday showed a majority of Americans believe the current Obamacare problems can be solved , and the figures for overall support and opposition remain little changed from a month ago . HealthCare.gov was originally planned to handle 50,000 concurrent users , and will reach that capacity by Saturday , the White House official said . However , big spikes in traffic -- such as the 200,000 who tried to get on at the same time on October 1 -- would cause users to go into a queue to receive an e-mail advising them when to return , the official said . Sebelius : Obamacare website improvements ` on track ' Luke Chung , president and founder of Virginia-based software development company FMS Inc. , said success for the website would be determined by both the number of users as well as how long they are in the system . He compared it to a highway , noting that 50,000 people traveling 60 miles per hour is smooth traffic while the same number going 10 miles per hour is a jam . In a conference call Tuesday with state and local officials , Sebelius said "  we are definitely on track to have a significantly different user experience by the end of this month -- that was our commitment -- than people experienced on October 1 . " "  We 've added hardware , we 've added software ; we 're continuing to work on the parts of the website that were too confusing to people , " she continued , urging the officials "  to not hesitate to recommend that people go to HealthCare.gov and get signed up because that experience is currently working much better and it will continue to work much better . " Obama also urged people to go to the website as part of remarks on the economy he made in California . Enrollment figures for the first month after the opening of the new health insurance exchanges under Obamacare were much lower than initially expected . Now some states have reported stronger numbers . According to a CNN count based on available figures , just a little more than 200,000 people have signed up for new private health insurance under Obamacare -- either through the national system or networks set up in 14 states and the District of Columbia . In addition , more than 370,000 have signed up for Medicaid under state programs expanded through the health care reforms , the CNN count shows . The enrollment period runs until March 31 and officials have said the target for the first year was seven million people . To ensure they have coverage starting on January 1 , consumers must sign up by December 23 , the administration recently announced . Boehner signs up for Obamacare , with government support Chung cited December 23 as the most significant deadline , noting that demand would be "  huge " because people by nature wait until the last minute to act . Also Wednesday , seven Democratic Senators including some up for re-election next year asked Obama to appoint a special health care overseer to ensure continuity in efforts to fix the problems . While Sebelius is technically the top administration official overseeing implementation of Obamacare , former White House aide Jeff Zients was brought in last month to oversee efforts to fix the troubled website . Zients will become a top economic adviser to Obama in January . In a letter to the president , Sens. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire , Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut , Mark Warner of Virginia , Christopher Coons of Delaware , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , Mark Udall of Colorado and Tim Kaine of Virginia called for Obama to name a successor to Zients . Separately , an HHS official confirmed the government will go with a new web-hosting contractor , Hewlett-Packard , for HealthCare.gov early next year . The current contract with Terremark ends in March . The official said the decision to go with a different vendor was made several months before any problems with HealthCare.gov were identified and was unrelated to an outage that struck the site in late October , which the administration blamed on the Verizon subsidiary . The HP contract was signed in July .	November 30 not a magic restart for HealthCare.gov , official says Saturday is the self-imposed deadline for the Obamacare website to perform better Latest snafu : small businesses ca n't enroll online for a year The White House urges allies to hold off on major enrollment campaigns
Editor 's note : Below is an excerpt from Larry King 's autobiography , "  My Remarkable Journey , " published by Weinstein books . Larry King anchors "  Larry King Live " at 9 p.m. ET on CNN . Larry , left , at age 10 with his younger brother , Marty , shortly after their father died . I was walking home from the library carrying nine books . That 's the way my memory sees it . I ca n't know for sure if it was exactly nine books . Maybe I picture nine books because I was nine years old . I 'm certain that I was nine years old , because I 'm sure of the date -- June 9 , 1943 . There were a lot of books under my arm on that summer day because I loved books . I wonder what happened to those nine books ... There were three squad cars in front of my apartment building . Flivvers , we called them . I do n't remember exactly when I started to hear my mother 's screams . But as I hurried up the steps , a cop quickly came down , straight for me . He picked me up and the books went flying . Watch Larry on his "  Remarkable journey " " I 'm not sure if I knew the cop . But I may have . For years , before the war started and my father went to work in the defense plant , he 'd owned a little neighborhood bar and grill . He was friendly with all the cops . The cops loved my father the way they loved any bar owner who had a great sense of humor . I remember having my own police costume when I was very young . A badge and a little nightstick came with it . I 'd make like I was walking the beat . The cop put me in the squad car . He told me that my father had died . Heart attack . I did n't cry . I remember that . I did n't cry . I was more befuddled than anything else . It must have been difficult for the cop . He started the car and drove . We wound through the streets of Brownsville and ended up at a movie theater . I 'll never forget the movie , Bataan , starring Robert Taylor as Sergeant Bill Dane . It was about a bunch of American soldiers trying to stave off the Japanese invasion of the Philippines . Larry King 's life in pictures " Sergeant Dane and his patrol are ordered to blow up a bridge to stop the advancing enemy . They 're cut down one by one until only Sergeant Dane and two others remain . The first is killed by a sniper . The second is stabbed by a Japanese soldier who 'd been playing dead . The movie ends with Sergeant Dane firing his machine gun straight into the camera at the Japanese soldiers coming at him in one last act of courage and defiance . I do n't remember what it was like when I got home that day . A lot about that day I 've blocked out . My younger brother Marty has blocked it out , too . He was only six at the time . But there are a few more memories attached . I did n't go to the funeral . I 'd been so close to my father -- yet I refused to go . I stayed at home . There must 've been somebody watching me , but I remember being alone . I remember bouncing a spaldeen -- the Spalding rubber ball we used to play stickball -- off the front stoop . Two other things I can tell you for sure . I never went back to that library again , and from that day on I was nervous if I saw a squad car in my neighborhood . If one parked by my apartment building , I 'd start running home , in fear that my mother had died .	Larry was 9 years old when his father died of a heart attack in 1943 Larry says he has blocked much of that day from his memory He recalls a police officer broke the news , then took him to see a movie Larry refused to attend funeral though he and his father were extremely close
CNN  What would happen if the legend of the Lost City of Atlantis was crossed with the screenplay of Kevin Costner 's 1995 hit movie "  Waterworld " ? Maybe something like The Ocean Spiral -- an underwater metropolis that generates energy from the seabed and is capable of providing homes and accommodation for 5,000 people . Sure , such blue-sky thinking may only seem plausible in the world of Hollywood CGI , but this is the futuristic concept proposed by Japanese construction firm Shimizu Corp. . According to literature released by the company , expertise is being sought from Tokyo University , Japanese government ministries as well as energy firms to bring the project to life . Shimizu also say projects like the Ocean Spiral may be necessary in the future to confront increasing global problems such as rising sea levels and the need to create new , clean energy sources . Under the sea Divided into three distinctive zones , the structure will stretch all the way to the crushing black depths 2.8 miles under the sea off the coast of Japan . A giant sphere with a diameter 500 meters  1,640 feet  situated just below the surface will form the first section and house residential zones , businesses and hotels . This inhabited area will be connected to a nine-mile spiral  section 2  that that descends to the seabed where a deep-sea submarine port and factory  section 3  will create the energy required to power the sphere by using micro-organisms that turn carbon dioxide into methane . If that 's not high-tech enough , power generators situated along the spiral will then use differences in seawater temperature to create additional energy by applying thermal conversion technologies . Technology wait Shimizu has a history of imaginative , high-concept projects including a space hotel and floating botanical cities . The company says the Ocean Spiral would take five years to build and the technology required will be ready in 15 years . Funding for what is likely to be a cash intensive exercise will also have to be secured . Until such times arrive , all we 're left with is a series of cool artist renderings to whet  or should that be wet ?  our appetites .	Ocean Spiral is a proposed underwater city from Japanese construction firm Shimizu Corp. . The futuristic settlement has been designed to produce all its own energy and will have enough room to house 5,000 people Project expertise is being sought from academics , Japanese government departments and energy experts , the company says
Manzanillo , Cuba  CNN  -- At first the Cuban doctors thought they were dealing with an outbreak of food poisoning . The patients that arrived for treatment in mid-June at hospitals in Manzanillo had all gone to the same birthday party held at a house in the hilly countryside on the perimeter of the eastern Cuban city . The sick had eaten shrimp at the party and doctors thought that meal might be the cause for the patients ' heavy vomiting and diarrhea . Then more people began walking into hospitals with similar symptoms . But they had not attended the party . "  They started coming in a few at a time , " said Julio Cesar Fonseca Rivero , the director of the Celia Sanchez Manduley Hospital , the largest in the region . "  The first day five came , and then eight . That 's not normal , that five people would come with the same symptoms . The most critical days were when there were 30 to 32 patients who arrived in a single day . " A sudden spike in cases of diarrhea is not unusual for Manzanillo 's hospitals that treat the surrounding rural communities . There residents often live without indoor plumbing and in the summer months endure the scorching heat and heavy rains . Illness kills three in eastern Cuba This summer had already been particularly hot with heavy rains that caused outhouses to flood into several drinking wells . Still , doctors suspected they were dealing with something they had n't seen before . "  We became alarmed with the number of cases arriving . We usually see one or two cases of diarrhea each day , " said Dr. Oyantis Matos Zamora , who oversees a clinic on the edge of the city that attends to rural residents . The symptoms some patients exhibited -- the rapid onset of watery diarrhea and dehydration  $ " had also not been seen in generations . "  The way that the outbreak developed and the appearance of other similar cases in the region , we realized this was a problem of a different magnitude , " said Dr. Manuel Santin Pe  a , Cuba 's national director of epidemiology . The "  problem " was cholera . Cuba 's last cholera outbreak occurred over a century ago . Although eradicated in many countries , the disease , according to the World Health Organization , still infects between 3 million and 5 million people each year , killing between 100,000 and 120,000 . In Manzanillo the outbreak has taken on a name of its own . There it 's simply referred to by residents as "  el evento . " So far "  el evento " has taken three lives and infected at least 110 people , said Santin . He said doctors were waiting on test results for tens of other possible cases but said so far fewer than 30 % percent of suspected cases had been shown to be cholera . How cholera began in Haiti He denied reports that the Cuban government has underreported the death toll or that the outbreak is spreading to other provinces . He said a handful of suspected cases had been identified elsewhere in the country . But he said those cases had come from the same region where the original outbreak took place and are believed to have been infected there . "  We can categorically say that there is no other outbreak in any other province , " Santin told CNN , outside the entrance to the Celia Sanchez Manduley Hospital , where three more people had arrived suffering from severe diarrhea . Cuban health officials allowed a CNN crew to be the first media to film in the hospital and speak with doctors there about the ongoing effort to control the cholera outbreak . To combat the outbreak , the local government has closed 12 contaminated wells around Manzanillo , Santin said . Clean water is being trucked in for residents until a different source of water can be found . At the entrances to hospitals and government buildings in the city stand buckets for people to wash their hands and soles of their shoes with chlorine bleach . Cholera kills nearly 500 in Cameroon Kiosks throughout Manzanillo that sell milkshakes , iced drinks or other foods that come into contact with water have been shuttered . A temporary ban has also been issued for fishing and bathing in waters off the coast that may be contaminated . While in the rest of the country little has been said in the official press about the cholera , in Granma province , the site of the outbreak , residents are now shown a nightly program on how to prevent infection . Santin told CNN those efforts appear to be working and that doctors are seeing a decline in the rate of infection . The perception that the outbreak was increasing , he said , came from the seven to 10 days it takes for Cuba 's labs to return results of tests on the infected . "  The number of cases is dropping , " he said . "  That does n't make us confident so much as make us work to intensify all our preventive measures so that in the next few weeks we can stop the outbreak . " Maria Rosa Rodriguez has seen up close what cholera can do . The Manzanillo schoolteacher was hospitalized for a week with cholera and only recently was allowed return home to finish her recovery . She winced as she recounted the agony that the infection caused her . "  You 're very nervous because we had never seen this before here , " Rodriguez said . "  You 're feeling bad with diarrhea , vomiting and you lose weight very quickly . You think the worst . " Lessons from deadly cholera outbreak	Initial cases appeared to be food poisoning , epidemiologist says Then more patients showed up who had not eaten same food Cuba 's last cholera outbreak was more than 100 years ago Outbreak seems to be losing strength , doctor says
CNN  -- The mystery winner of a New York lottery ticket worth $ 1 million has until Sunday to claim the prize , or the money will return to a pool for future winners , according to state lottery officials . The winning lottery ticket was purchased at the Playland Market in Rye on August 25 , 2012 . According to New York Gaming Commission rules , winners have up to one year to claim their prize . New York Lottery officials have been urging players to check their tickets for the winning numbers : 1-6-7-20-49 , Powerball 23 , and come forward before the ticket expires . "  We 're hopeful the lucky winner has already signed the ticket and is making plans to claim it before it 's too late , " said Gardner Gurney , acting director of the Division of the Lottery . The New York Gaming Commission uses all means possible to get the word out when it is presented with an unclaimed prize , including news media and social media , said Christy Calicchia , spokesperson for the commission . Sandy victims among the ` Ocean 's 16 ' Powerball winners To claim the money , the winner must present the ticket at any one of New York 's seven customer service centers during business hours . Since the one-year anniversary of the ticket 's purchase falls on a Sunday , the winner would technically need to have presented the ticket by the close of business Friday , said Calicchia . It is unclear how the situation would be handled if the ticket were to be turned in on Monday , she said . Lottery winners may also turn in winning tickets by mail . As long as the ticket is postmarked by August 25 , it will be deemed valid . The gaming commission will be monitoring incoming mail to see if the ticket turns up , Calicchia said . New York state has seen several prizes go unclaimed , the largest of which was drawn more than a decade ago . In 2002 , the owner of a winning ticket sold in Brooklyn never came forward to collect the $ 68 million prize . It remains the highest jackpot to go unclaimed in New York Lottery history . The next year , a ticket in Brooklyn went unclaimed again , this time for a jackpot of $ 46 million . Winnings can go unclaimed for a variety of reasons , Calicchia said , noting sometimes tickets or lost or become unreadable after being left in a pocket and washed . She said many tickets are unclaimed because winners do n't notice they scored with smaller , tiered prizes in lottery jackpots . "  Most people do n't realize that there is more than one prize in the lottery drawing , " she said . Rye is in Westchester County and is about 30 miles north of New York City . The New York Gaming Commission regulates all aspects of gaming and gambling activity in New York state , including horse racing , charitable gaming and the state lottery . Why you keep playing the lottery CNN 's Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	Ticket was purchased at the Playland Market in Rye on August 25 , 2012 Winner may be too late to turn ticket in at lottery service centers But it can be mailed in if it is postmarked by August 25
CNN  -- More violence from suspected al Qaeda militants in Yemen continued Sunday in two separate attacks . At least 13 Yemeni soldiers were killed and nine others were injured when the militants ambushed a military police headquarters in the southern Yemeni province of Hadramout , two Interior Ministry officials told CNN . The attackers "  easily escaped , " said Ali BaNajjar , who witnessed the ambush in Hadramout . A second attack occurred close to a checkpoint near the Yemeni presidential palace in the capital , Sanaa , according the government officials . Several militants were killed , said Mohammed al-Qayedi , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry . It 's not the first time militants have targeted Sanaa security forces . On Friday , nearly 20 gunmen attacked the political security headquarters in the capital and killed four troops and injured at least four others at a checkpoint . Three attackers were killed , while the others fled unharmed . The violence seems in line with a promise a senior al Qaeda operative made last week -- that the organization was going to bring bloodshed to Sanaa . Al Qaeda appears to be making good on its threat , one Yemen-based analyst told CNN . "  After al Qaeda threatened to move the fight to the main cities , attacks against foreigners and Yemeni forces in Sanaa more than tripled compar  ed  to a month before , " said AbdulSalam Mohammed , president of the Sanaa-based Abaad Strategic Center . "  Troops need to be on high alert if they have a chance to defeat the militants . " The Defense Ministry Sunday said that tens of al-Qaeda militants were killed over the last two days , among them many foreign fighters . On Saturday , CNN reported that a Yemeni government official said two al Qaeda gunmen tried to kidnap two U.S. Embassy workers on April 24 . The attackers were part of the terrorist group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , the official said . The shooting that stopped them happened near a Yemeni barbershop "  where many foreigners and diplomats go to get their hair cut , " the Yemeni official said . Of all al Qaeda-affiliated networks worldwide , AQAP is considered the most dangerous threat to Americans . The two U.S. Embassy personnel were apparently not supposed to be near the barbershop , the official said . "  These individuals violated security protocol , " the Yemeni official said . "  U.S. Embassy personnel are not allowed to leave their secure facilities . The American who shot the kidnappers had a gun permit and was authorized to carry a gun . The two armed kidnappers were AQAP militants . They were n't unarmed civilians . " Marie Harf , deputy spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department , confirmed the incident in a statement . "  Two U.S. Embassy officers in Yemen fired their weapons after being confronted by armed individuals in an attempted kidnapping at a small commercial business in Sanaa , " the statement read . "  Two of the armed individuals were killed . The Embassy officers are no longer in Yemen . " The revelation of the incident comes after the U.S. Embassy in Yemen was closed indefinitely Wednesday amid security concerns and as fighting between security forces and AQAP intensified . Just days before the abduction attempt , a joint U.S.-Yemeni operation was being carried out against AQAP in the Abyan and Shabwa regions of Yemen . Authorities did not disclose whether drones were used in the strikes . The use of the unmanned drones has stirred controversy because the drones have killed civilians , a high-level Yemeni official has said . A top Yemeni Interior Ministry official said the U.S. government had considered closing the embassy two weeks ago , as attacks on foreigners intensified . The violence near the barbershop , and violence against other foreigners in the past six weeks , persuaded Americans to close down the U.S. Embassy this past week , the official said . Hakim Almasmari reported from Yemen . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspected al Qaeda militants staged two attacks in Yemen Sunday NEW : One of the attacks happened at a checkpoint near the presidential palace Two al Qaeda suspects tried in April to abduct the U.S. Embassy workers One of the Americans had a gun and killed both assailants
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Timothy Connick was in agony for six years . In bed at night , it felt as if a pair of scissors was sticking out of his foot . "  I turn over , and it 's just like they 're getting jammed in more . " Timothy Connick got relief from chronic pain through a peripheral nerve stimulator implanted above his hip . Connick , 52 from Lynn , Massachusetts , injured his foot falling from a loading dock at work 11 years ago . "  I fell about seven feet onto the concrete and smashed my heel . It started hurting that moment and kept hurting for six years after that . " Connick is among millions . As many as one in three American adults suffer from chronic pain , according to the American Chronic Pain Association . The organization defines chronic pain as "  pain that continues a month or more beyond the usual recovery period for an injury or illness or that goes on for months or years because of a chronic condition . " It 's usually not constant , the group says , but can disrupt the sufferer 's life . Over the years , Connick consulted multiple doctors and tried two dozen medications for pain management , but nothing eased the pain and the resulting depression . "  It was pretty much a no-win situation as long as that pain was going to be there , " he recalls . He was eventually referred to neurologist Anne Louise Oaklander , director of the nerve injury unit at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston . "  Pain is the No. 1 reason why patients seek medical care , but until recently it has n't been part of the medical school curriculum , " she says . "  Many physicians and nurses feel uncomfortable and unqualified to treat these patients . " Oaklander sees many patients whom she describes as "  bouncing around the health care system " for years with no firm diagnosis . She divides chronic pain sufferers into two groups . "  One is the group that has an ongoing cause of their pain , " she says . "  The classic example of that is patients with arthritis . They have pain in their joints every day . " Much more difficult , she says , is the second group : "  Patients who have chronic pain without an obvious cause of tissue injury . " Connick falls in the second category , Oaklander says , noting that X-rays show broken bones , but not nerve damage . "  It was only many years later when he was examined by a neurologist that his underlying nerve injury was identified and able to be treated , " she said . Health Minute : The struggle of managing chronic pain " Oaklander says pain medications can help most patients , but there are other options . For instance , she says , if the pain is related to an orthopedic problem , physical therapy may be the best choice . In Connick 's case , relief came through surgery to implant a peripheral nerve stimulator above his hip . Based on pacemaker technology , the stimulator is placed under the skin and works by giving off benign pulses that override pain signals to the brain , Oaklander explains . She cautions that minor surgery is involved , and the device works in only about half the patients who get it . For Connick , it made all the difference . "  The day they put it in and I turned it on , I was up seven flights of stairs before they stopped me . Everything that I had n't been able to do and everything that made me happy was back available to me again and I knew it right away . " These days , Connick is back at work loading trucks . He 's on his feet all day and does n't complain about any pain . Oaklander concludes : "  If you have chronic pain , do n't take no for an answer ... I think it 's important for chronic pain patients to keep a sense of purpose , optimism and hope despite the indignities that many are subjected to . " E-mail to a friend Judy Fortin is a correspondent with CNN Medical News . Linda Ciampa of Accent Health contributed to this report .	As many as one in three American adults suffer from chronic pain Chronic pain continues a month or more beyond usual recovery period Expert : Pain is the top reason patients seek medical care
CNN Student News -- Welcome to CNN Student News , a daily commercial-free , ten-minute broadcast of the day 's news geared for middle - and high-school students . CNN Student News can be found on air and online , and whether you 're brand new to the program or a longtime viewer , we 've got new things in store for you . CNN Student News anchor Carl Azuz . You 've already found our new homepage , CNNStudentNews.com , where you can access the show and free related curriculum materials , including Learning Activities , Discussion Questions , Newsquizzes and One-Sheets . CNN Student News airs on CNN Headline News at 4 a.m. . You can record the show from 4:00 -4:10 a.m. Eastern time on Headline News .  Check your local listings for channel number  . If you 'd prefer , you can download CNN Student News to your desktop or iPod . Go to the CNN.com Podcast page and look for the Student News podcast . Once you 've signed up for the free subscription , every episode will automatically be downloaded to iTunes . In addition to CNN Student News , each week , CNN offers educators a commercial-free edition of "  CNN : Special Investigations Unit , " "  CNN Specials " or its award-winning documentary program "  CNN Presents , " along with a corresponding free curriculum guide on CNNStudentNews.com . You can record these CNN Classroom Edition programs from 4:00 -5:00 a.m. Eastern time on Mondays on CNN .  A short feature begins at 4:00 a.m. and precedes the program . And if you want to be the first to know what 's coming up on CNN Student News and CNN Classroom Edition programs , you 'll want to sign up for our CNN Student News Daily Education Alert . Registration is quick and simple . Just click here to subscribe .	CNN Student News is the day 's news for middle - and high-school students CNN Student News airs daily on CNN Headline News from 4:00 -4:10 a.m. EST
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Russia said Saturday it 's satisfied that its humanitarian convoy sent over the border without authorization from Ukraine delivered supplies to its destination . In total , 227 vehicles were sent into eastern Ukraine on Friday , according to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which has an observer mission at the checkpoint the convoy went through . Russia has said the vehicles were on an essential humanitarian mission , but international powers condemned it as a violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty . A senior Ukrainian official characterized the convoy as a "  direct invasion " of his nation by its mighty neighbor to the east . Several dozen Russian aid trucks left Ukrainian territory on Saturday morning , Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . The Ukrainian Border Guard press office said it had seen the first of the Russian trucks go back over the border on Friday afternoon but that it could not confirm how many had returned in total . All the vehicles were supposed to be monitored by members of the International Committee of the Red Cross . However , the Red Cross said it was n't accompanying them due to the "  volatile security situation " -- a reference to continued fighting between pro-Russian rebels and Ukrainian forces . In the statement expressing its satisfaction , the Russian Foreign Ministry said Moscow intended to "  continue to cooperate with the ICRC " in aid efforts in eastern Ukraine . Ukraine has repeatedly accused Russia of directly and indirectly bolstering the rebel movement in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions , allegations Moscow denies . In a statement Saturday , OSCE chairman Didier Burkhalter deplored the failure to deliver the aid according to the agreements made between Russia and Ukraine . Appealing to all sides to cooperate in helping civilians impacted by the fighting , he urged them "  to exercise maximum restraint and refrain from any actions which could contribute to the further escalation of the situation . " Amid the furor , German Chancellor Angela Merkel arrived in Kiev on Saturday for talks with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko . NATO : ` So-called humanitarian convoy ' The Kiev-based government and its allies -- including the NATO alliance -- roundly condemned Russia 's actions on Friday . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen warned that the "  so-called humanitarian convoy ... can only deepen the crisis in the region , which Russia itself has created and has continued to fuel . " "  The disregard of international humanitarian principles raises further questions about whether the true purpose of the aid convoy is to support civilians or to resupply armed separatists , " Rasmussen said in a statement . "  We call this a direct invasion for the first time under cynical cover of the Red Cross , " said Valentyn Nalyvaychenko , the head of Ukraine 's security service . The UK ambassador to the United Nations , Mark Lyall Grant , said that Russia had no support at a U.N. Security Council meeting Friday on the topic . "  It is an undeniable and blatant violation of Ukrainian sovereignty and clear breach of international law and the U.N. charter , " Lyall Grant told reporters . "  It has nothing to do with humanitarianism . " However , Russian President Vladimir Putin pointed the finger at Ukraine . He expressed "  serious concern " to German Chancellor Angela Merkel about endangered civilians and other impacts from Ukraine 's "  continued  military  escalation , " according to the Kremlin . He further criticized what he characterized as "  Kiev 's blatant attempts to hinder the delivery of Russian humanitarian aid " into southeastern Ukraine . "  Further delay would have been unacceptable , " a Kremlin statement said . Russian troops Lithuania condemned Friday the killing of its honorary consul in the city of Luhansk , who Lithuanian Foreign Minister Linas Linkevicius said had been "  kidnapped and brutally killed by terrorists . " The OSCE also called for the killers of Mykola Zelenec to be brought to justice and said his murder demonstrates the urgent need to stop the violent escalation in eastern Ukraine . There 's also growing international concern over the apparent massing of Russian troops at the border with Ukraine . There were up to 18,000 such "  combat-ready " troops on Friday , a significant increase from previous public estimates by the Pentagon , according to a U.S. defense official with direct access to the latest information . The official described the units as being in a "  fully combat-capable offensive posture . " A second U.S. official said the United States has believed for weeks that some Russian troops have crossed the border as part of the convoys of military gear and weapons moving from Russia into Ukraine . Of particular concern is the apparent transport of long-range and advanced systems including at least two SA-22 surface-to-air missile system and a number of pieces of longer-range artillery . The fear is that any advance of any kind could make the ongoing fighting -- sparked last year by a political crisis over whether Ukraine would seek closer ties with Europe or Russia -- even worse . U.N. officials estimate that more than 2,000 people have died and nearly 5,000 have been wounded in eastern Ukraine since mid-April . Journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Christabelle Fombu and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	NEW : Russia says it intends to "  continue to cooperate " in aid efforts to Ukraine NEW : German Chancellor Angela Merkel arrives in Ukraine for talks with its President OSCE chairman appeals to all sides not to escalate the situation Putin blames Ukraine for humanitarian crisis , says it 'd be "  unacceptable " to delay convoy
LONDON , England  CNN  -- New data released Thursday suggests that the Arctic Ocean will be "  largely ice free " during summer within a decade . As the Arctic sea ice melts , polar bears face extinction . The report , complied by the UK-based Catlin Arctic Survey and the World Wildlife Fund  WWF  , is the latest research into ice thickness in the Arctic . Researchers predict that within 20 years ice cover will be completely gone during the warmer months . The expedition , which was completed in May , was led by UK explorer Pen Hadow . He and his team collected data by manually drilling into the ice and noting its thickness along a 450-kilometer route across the northern part of the Beaufort Sea . They found that the area surveyed was comprised almost exclusively of first year ice . Scientists think this is significant because traditionally the region has been made up of much older , thicker ice . "  Discovering this area of younger ice provides another body of information that supports the rapidly emerging scientific consensus that it 's going to be nearer 10 years from now that we will see roughly 80-85 percent free waters in the Arctic Ocean , " Hadow told CNN . Measurements taken by Hadow and his team report that the ice-floes were on average 1.8 meters thick -- which , according to scientists , is too thin to survive next summer 's ice melt . Professor Peter Wadhams , head of the Polar Ocean Physics Group at the UK 's University of Cambridge said : "  With a large part of the region now first year ice , it is clearly more vulnerable . The area is now more likely to become open water each summer , bringing forward the potential date when the summer sea ice will be completely gone . " Professor Wadhams , who has analyzed the expedition data , added : "  The Catlin Arctic Survey data supports the new consensus view that the Arctic will be ice-free in summer within about 20 years , and much of that decrease will be happening within 10 years . " Click here to see pictures of the expedition " Martin Sommerkorn from the WWF International Arctic Program believes that the changes in sea-ice cover in the region are likely to increase global temperatures further . "  Such a loss of Arctic sea ice has recently been assessed to set in motion powerful climate feedbacks which will have an impact far beyond the Arctic itself , " Sommerkorn said . "  Arctic sea ice holds a central position in our Earth 's climate system . Take it out of the equation and we are left with a dramatically warmer world , " he added . Hadow fears that the current climate models developed by scientists may not be extreme enough . But he is hopeful that this new data will spur world leaders into action . "  We are now in a loss period , " Hadow told CNN . "  Maybe losing this sea ice , this roof on the top of our planet in going to be an important moment , a big visual aid to the science that in combination can bring about some sort of global agreement on emissions . "	New report says Arctic sea ice will largely disappear in summer within a decade Survey captured latest data on ice thickness in Northern part of Beaufort Sea Measurements show the ice-floes surveyed were on average 1.8 meters thick Scientists warn that Arctic ice melt is likely to set off "  powerful climate feedbacks "
The rapid sweep of Islamic militants from Syria into northern Iraq has sent the Middle East into crisis , caused alarm in capitals from Tehran to Washington and forced about half a million people to flee their homes . The flood of Iraqis trying to escape ISIS fighters doubled the country 's displaced population almost overnight . More than 1.1 million people -- nearly one out of 30 -- in Iraq are now displaced . Ahead of World Refugee Day on Friday , CNN looks at where they came from and where they 've gone . From : Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , in the past few weeks : 500,000 Tal Afar , a smaller city north of Mosul : 84,000 Tikrit and Samarra , cities on the road from Mosul to Baghdad : about 40,000 Diyala province , between Baghdad and the Iranian border : 6,000 Anbar province , west of Baghdad : 480,000 To : Duhuk , a city in the north : 230,000 from Mosul and Tal Afar Irbil , a city southeast of Mosul : 100,000 from Mosul Displaced within the city of Mosul itself : 25,000 Sinjar and surroundings in the north : 54,000 from Tall Afar Kirkuk : about 23,000 from Mosul and Anbar province Sulaimaniya : More than 26,000 from Anbar and Diyala provinces Tikrit : 83,500 from Anbar province Displaced within Anbar province : 286,000 Baghdad : 46,800 from Anbar province The cities of Najaf , Karbala , Al-Hillah , Mandali , Al Kut and Ad Diwaniya combined : Nearly 10,000 Source : United Nations , as of June 18 , 2014	The number of people fleeing their homes in Iraq nearly doubled overnight , U.N. says 500,000 people have been displaced from the northern city of Mosul 480,000 have left their homes in Anbar province The cities of Irbil and Duhuk are hosting more than 300,000 internally displaced people
CNN  -- Officials in Michigan and Canada announced Friday that they have agreed to build a new bridge linking Detroit and Windsor , Ontario . The bridge is estimated to cost around $ 950 million , and should help create as many as 10,000 jobs in Michigan alone , according to the office of Gov. Rick Snyder . The project includes the bridge , Canadian and U.S. inspection plazas and an interchange with Interstate 75 , according to the office of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper . It will be funded by Canada and is expected to take four or five years to complete . "  Our government is taking the measures necessary to facilitate trade and investment between Canada and the United States in order to generate jobs , economic growth and long term prosperity , " Harper said in the statement . "  This new bridge will reduce congestion at this critical Canada-U.S. border crossing , support the creation of new export-related jobs and investment opportunities along the Quebec City-Windsor corridor , increase the competitiveness of the North American manufacturing sector , and provide thousands of construction jobs in Ontario and Michigan , " he added . Harper appeared at an afternoon news conference , alongside Snyder and U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . It will be the second to span the Detroit River . The existing bridge is the busiest trade crossing on the U.S.-Canada border , serving about 8,000 trucks each day , Snyder said . "  It 's time for a new crossing . It 's time because trade demands it . It 's an opportunity to create jobs , and we can work on something exciting , " the governor said .	The cost is estimated at $ 950 million The bridge will be the second to span the Detroit River Officials expect It to create new jobs and boost trade , officials say
NEW YORK  CNN  -- When singer-pianist Peter Cincotti showed up to speak to CNN in 2004 , he was fresh-faced and impeccably dressed in a suit and shiny shoes . Peter Cincotti rose to fame as a jazz pianist . His new album features pop songs . Seated at a piano , and under the watchful eye of his very sweet mother Cynthia , Cincotti performed the standard "  How High the Moon , " showing off piano skills you 'd expect from someone far beyond his 21 years . His debut album had just topped the Billboard traditional jazz chart -- the youngest artist to claim such a feat . Now 25 , Cincotti is still fresh-faced , but he sings to a very different tune . Looking trendy in a fitted sweater , his hair a little looser , his personality more playful -- mom did n't come to this interview -- Peter has gone pop . "  He 's this great jazz pianist , " says producer David Foster , who worked on Cincotti 's new album . "  And he just turned the whole thing 180 and wrote these incredible pop songs . " To Cincotti , whose pop debut "  East of Angel Town " was released last week on Warner Bros. . Records , the switch is n't that big a deal . "  I 'm a musician , " he says . "  I was just playing what I love then , and I 'm playing what I love now . " Watch Cincotti do what he loves " Enlisting Foster to help navigate the transition was crafty : Foster is a 15-time Grammy winner with an undeniable knack for generating pop hits . He also has a reputation for getting his way in the studio . But Cincotti , a native New Yorker , did n't make things easy . "  He 's a control freak , too , so we butted heads a lot , " says Foster . "  And he actually made me come to New York to make the record . And I do n't like New York because I 'm claustrophobic and I do n't dig elevators . But he made me come here for three months . That 's how much I loved his music . " Cincotti smiles when he recalls the expletive-ridden voicemail message Foster left him expressing his displeasure over having to vacate his Los Angeles base to work on the project . "  I saved that message , " Cincotti says . "  It 's great . " Cincotti talked to CNN about new beginnings , old influences and playing piano in the fast lane . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : What do you love about pop ? Peter Cincotti : To be honest I do n't even categorize  my music  as that . It 's just what I 'm doing now . This is my first record that I 've written everything . It 's my first record of original material so the style changed and that 's basically what I 'm doing right now . CNN : When a 25-year-old is writing songs , what experiences are you drawing on ? Cincotti : Well , this record is ... kind of like a debut , and I wanted to write about things that I never sang about before in songs . Things that either happened to me , personal experiences . And I did n't want to write a record of "  I love you and you love me . " So a lot of the subject matter I think is a bit atypical of what 's out there right now ... at least to me . CNN : You 've been playing the piano since you were how old ? Cincotti : I started when I was 3 . My grandma bought me this ten-key toy piano , and she taught me how to play "  Happy Birthday . " It was my third birthday , and I sat down and I never stopped . CNN : Which pianists have inspired you over the years ? Cincotti : There are so many . I 'm still going through phases . I 'll just listen to a certain musician . The first guy I remember ... I got my first cassette ... it was a Jerry Lee Lewis tape . I remember I was 5 years old and I went with my uncle to the record store . And I always liked "  Great Balls of Fire " ... and I just could n't stop trying to play like Jerry Lee Lewis . So he was the first piano player guy that really got under my skin . And then that led to many others ... piano players like Ray Charles , Stevie Wonder , Billy Joel . From Art Tatum to Shirley Horne ... CNN : Jerry Lee Lewis played fast . Do you like to play fast ? Cincotti : Back then I did . Back then I was fascinated . The faster the better . Now , if it 's called for , sure . CNN : What was it like working with David Foster ? Cincotti : It was great . He was a pain in the ass ! In a good way . And I was a pain in the ass back to him . But I love working with him . There was no BS . It was just a very honest relationship . And I went through a period of taking my time figuring out what kind of producer I wanted for this record , and when he and I met ... we said "  let 's just do one song together and see if it works out . " I was honored that he was interested , but at the same time I wanted the record to be right for what the vision was . But we got together and did 11 songs in three days . And it was one of those things that just clicked and happened . I could n't imagine doing it with anyone else . CNN : What do you have against Los Angeles ? Cincotti : I do n't know if I have anything against it , but I 'd rather spend my time elsewhere . CNN : Like New York ? Cincotti : Like New York . CNN : You 're a New Yorker through and through are n't you ? Cincotti : I guess so  laughs  .	Peter Cincotti had hit jazz album , now has album of pop songs Native New Yorker insisted Angeleno David Foster come to N.Y. to produce Cincotti started playing piano when he was 3 ; an early influence was Jerry Lee Lewis
CNN  -- In recent months , Americans have experienced numerous extreme weather-related events , including droughts , wildfires and heat waves . We 've witnessed the warmest spring since record-keeping began in 1895 . Thirty-one states reached record-high temperatures . The period between July 2011 and June 2012 was the hottest 12 months on record . And last year 14 extreme weather-related events caused an incalculable loss of human life and cost the U.S. economy more than $ 55 billion . Understandably , many Americans are wondering if these events are manifestations of a longer-term shift in climate . Opinion : Why the drought affects me -- and you At present we can not definitively link any single extreme event to climate change . But it is worthwhile to consider whether the apparent increase in some extreme events has roots in a larger , longer-term trend , since that would predict a continuation of these events in the future . That kind of understanding can have practical importance because it can inspire action to reduce economic losses and human suffering  $ " often in relatively simple ways . If a region is likely to continue to get rainfall heavier than has historically occurred , for example , then it is sensible for city planners to consider installing larger-bore storm sewers when the time comes to replace aging infrastructure . The science in this area is getting stronger all the time . In one recently published study , six international research teams led by scientists from NOAA and a number of countries investigated seven different 2011 extreme weather and climate events . In six of the seven , there was sufficient evidence to conclude that climate change caused by human activities played a factor in the events  $ " affecting their severity , likelihood or frequency . News : Extreme weather -- get ready to see more of it Among those events exacerbated by climate change were heat waves in Texas and Oklahoma , the East African drought and extreme temperatures in Europe and England . On the other hand , the study found no evidence that the devastating floods in Thailand last year were connected to climate change . Another new peer-reviewed article , the "  2011 State of the Climate " report compiled by nearly 400 scientists from 48 countries , documents some of the longer-term trends that are underlying some of these changes . It found that : -- Carbon dioxide and other major greenhouse gases continue to climb , with the 2011 yearly global average the highest yet ; -- Excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is making oceans more acidic ; -- The Arctic is warming about twice as fast as the rest of the planet , and its sea ice is thinning dramatically ; -- And the globally averaged heat stored in the upper ocean was the highest since records began in 1993 . Such striking trends have strong implications for climate , weather and environmental and human health . One upward trend is indisputable : At NOAA , requests for climate data have skyrocketed , and those data are increasingly helping stakeholders cope with extreme events . Last year , for example , firefighters in Texas used long-term climate information to prepare for the spring/summer 2011 wildfire season . Emergency managers along the Mississippi , Missouri and Red River basins used NOAA climate data to help lessen flooding , months before it began . Opinion : Why we should expect more weather disasters Coastal managers are using sea-level-rise data to protect crucial infrastructure . Businesses and governments depend on climate information to make smart investments . Electric utilities count on climate data to anticipate peak power requirements and distribute power where it is needed . These are the kinds of practical actions that inspire me in my job as we work to make the best science available to understand and reduce the impact of extreme events on families , communities and businesses . These and other measures are essential to reducing the effects of extreme weather events and forging a safer future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Lubchenco .	Droughts , wildfires and heat waves have plagued the U.S. recently , says Jane Lubchenco We 've witnessed the warmest spring since record-keeping began in 1895 , she says Lubchenco : Heat waves in Texas and Oklahoma were exacerbated by climate change NOAA 's climate data are increasingly helping states cope with extreme events , she says
Washington  CNN  -- The chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission said Tuesday that the situation in the wake of the Japanese nuclear reactor crisis is static but not yet stable . On the day that Japan bumped up the seriousness of its nuclear accident from a Level 5 to a Level 7 priority , on par with the Chernobyl disaster , a Senate committee heard from U.S. environmental officials , scientists and NRC Chairman Gregory Jaczko . "  From the information we have , we believe the situation currently is static , namely we do n't see significant changes on a day-to-day basis with the reactors , " Jaczko told the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works . "  It is not yet , however , what we believe to be stable : namely that given additional events or other circumstances ... there would not be the potential for significant additional problems at the reactors . " Thus , Jaczko said , the focus is "  on these efforts to transition from static to stable to ensure  the  long-term ... ability to cool the reactors and to provide cooling for the spent fuel pools . " California Sen. Barbara Boxer 's state has a number of nuclear plants in areas with high seismic activity near millions of people . She pressed Jaczko for reassurances that enough is being done to protect people in the United States , especially California residents . "  We 've got to move beyond talk and get to the serious question  of  what do we do , to do everything in our power to make it safe , " Boxer said . Boxer pointed out that officials once said it was "  very unlikely " Japan would ever face the kind of crisis it finds itself in today . Questions were raised at the hearing about how far to extend evacuation zones in the United States in the event of a nuclear incident . The NRC has recommended that Americans in Japan stay at least 50 miles away from the damaged reactors . The current standard in the United States is a 10-mile evacuation zone . "  As we 've seen in Japan , nuclear events tend to develop over a long period of time , " said Jaczko . "  This is three weeks into this event , and we 've had the time and the ability to make protective action recommendations , and to update and modify them as conditions of the plant changed . So that 10 miles is really based around the idea of what do you need to have prepared right away so that if you have an event that develops quickly , you can address that and have prestaged and prepared what to do , " he said . Boxer pointed out that two of the nuclear plants in California were built to withstand a certain level of earthquake , pointing out in Japan it was 7.5 but the devastating quake was much more powerful . She said nuclear regulatory officials are being too conservative . "  It 's eerie to me , because I do n't sense enough humility from all of us here . You know , as some great scientists once said , we think we have all the answers , but Mother Nature may not agree with us . So a lot of what you 're saying is the same thing that they said , " Boxer pointed out . "  You ca n't know for sure what 's going to happen , " she said . Lisa Jackson , administrator for the Environmental Protection Agency , reassured senators that air and water sampling for radiation contamination continue in the United States and that so far there is nothing to worry about . "  Let me be clear , EPA has not seen and does not expect to see radiation in our air or water reaching harmful levels in the United States , " said Jackson . "  All of the data that we have seen , which we continue to make public and available on our website , indicates that while radiation levels are slightly elevated in some places , they are significantly below problematic levels . "	NRC Chairman Gregory Jaczko speaks to members of Senate public works panel "  We do n't see significant changes on a day-to-day basis with the reactors , " Jaczko says Sen. Barbara Boxer seeks assurances on safety of U.S. reactors in seismic zones Questions arise about whether evacuation zones in the U.S. need to be extended
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Citing security concerns , the U.S. State Department has revoked the visas it recently issued to three Gaza students who were awarded Fulbright scholarships to study in the United States . Sari Bashi , who advocates freedom of movement for Palestinians , says their access to education is restricted . It marks the second time in two months that the United States has gone back on its offer to the Palestinian students to take part in the American government-sponsored scholarship program . The three students who had their visas revoked were sent a letter from the American Consulate in Jerusalem , dated August 4 . "  The Department of State has revoked your nonimmigrant visa " because "  information has come to light that you may be inadmissible to the United States and ineligible to receive a visa under Section 212  A   3  of the Immigration and Nationality Act , which prohibits issuance of a visa to aliens for security and related grounds , " the letter said . The letter did not elaborate on what the security concerns were . A State Department official told CNN that the agency could not disclose any information about the reason for the visa revocation , but that the students would be allowed to reapply for a visa at some point in the future . The three students are among seven Gaza-based Fulbright scholars who made headlines when in May the State Department sent them e-mail notifications saying their scholarships could not be completed because the Israeli government would not issue them exit visas from Gaza . State Department spokesman Sean McCormack admitted that the U.S. authorities had not taken up the matter with Israel until after the matter became public . The scholarships were only reinstated after Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice expressed her unhappiness with the situation and the State Department spokesman admitted that a "  faulty decision-making process " led to the communication . According to Sari Bashi , the executive-director of Gisha , an Israeli non-governmental organization that advocates freedom of movement for Palestinians and has been working closely with the students , four of the seven Fulbright students were cleared for travel out of Gaza by Israel , but the remaining three were prevented from leaving Gaza by the Israeli government , citing security concerns . In an unusual move , the American Consulate in Jerusalem processed the remaining three students ' visa applications with mobile fingerprinting equipment at the Israel - Gaza border and granted the visas three weeks later at the end of July . Bashi said on Tuesday that one of the three students , Fidaa Abed , had already left Gaza for the United States and upon arrival at the airport in Washington was informed that his visa had been revoked and was sent back to Amman , Jordan , with instructions to return to Gaza . The other two Fulbright students remain in Gaza . Bashi said that while the situation of the three students is one of "  tremendous concern , " it only underscores what she says is the larger problem of lack of access to higher education for hundreds of Gaza students who have been accepted into universities outside of Gaza but are prevented from leaving due to Israeli restrictions . Bashi said that "  alongside the few students denied visas for procedural , technical , or undisclosed security reasons , there are hundreds of students with valid visas in danger of losing their places at foreign universities because Israel refuses to even consider their requests to leave Gaza . "  Denying talented young people their right to access education does not contribute to building a better future in the region , " Bashi said . Israeli government officials have long maintained that its restrictions on allowing students to travel outside of Gaza are based only on security considerations . "  We do act to facilitate students wishing to study at Western universities where they are exposed to liberal and democratic values , " an Israeli government official said on Tuesday . But , the official said , Israel distinguishes between students wanting to study in the West and those wanting to study in places like Pakistan , Saudi Arabia or Syria or the West Bank . In the case of the West Bank , the official said Hamas could use this as a way of strengthening its activist base in the West Bank , which would be detrimental to Israel 's security . "  There is no reason why we should do that , " the Israeli official said . On the matter of the three students , the official said : "  The process of Israeli-American contacts on the matter did not cease , and more specific information was provided . "	U.S. State Department cites security concerns as reason visas were withdrawn Three Palestinian students were among seven who had earlier had visas pulled Israel reportedly acts to prevent the students from leaving Gaza Advocacy group says Palestinians need more access to higher education
They say you can buy everything on the Internet . The latest , uh , must-have appears to be positive pregnancy test results . Women across the country are selling -- and buying -- them on Craigslist . One post from Buffalo , New York , sums up the appeal for potential shoppers : "  Wan na get your boyfriend to finally pop the question ? Play a trick on Mom , Dad or one of your friends ? I really do n't care what you use it for . " That particular test was going for the reasonable rate of $ 25 dollars . The tests in Texas seem to be slightly more expensive , at $ 30 a pop . CNN responded to several ads across the country asking for comment , but received no response . Got leftovers ? Wan na trade ? Then again , the sellers probably were n't expecting to have to explain the sale of what basically amounts to a urine sample to a reporter . "  Need a positive pregnancy test ? Serious inquiries only ! " said one Atlanta ad , begging the question , how many false leads could one person possibly be getting for this offer ? Another ad reassures buyers conscious of name brands , "  This will NOT be a dollar store test . Will be either Clearblue First Response or EPT . " Most ads found by CNN ended the same way , with sellers assuring potential customers "  It is n't my business what you choose to use it for . " Or maybe you just really do n't want to know . Man builds pirate ship , sells for $ 80,000 on Craigslist	Some positive tests are going for as high as $ 30 a pop CNN 's queries to sellers go unanswered Ads suggest tricking your boyfriend , or playing a joke on your parents
CNN  -- Federal authorities raided the office of a University of Florida professor on Wednesday who , along with his wife , is suspected of defrauding NASA . The FBI searched the school 's Innovative Nuclear Space Power and Propulsion Institute , founded by Samim Anghaie , and his office on campus , said university spokesman Steve Orlando . Anghaie is a professor of radiological engineering . FBI spokesman Jeff Westcott would only confirm the searches on campus , referring all questions to the U.S. attorney 's office . Calls to the U.S. attorney 's office were not returned Wednesday . According to an affidavit filed February 19 , investigators from the FBI and NASA said that since 1999 , the government has awarded 13 contracts to the couple 's company , New Era Technology Inc.  NETECH  , and deposited $ 3.4 million into the company 's corporate account . Investigators allege they diverted much of the money from the corporate account into personal accounts to buy cars and property . According to NETECH 's Web site , the company was established in 1988 as a research and development firm to perform "  high-tech , cutting edge research . " It boasts "  a highly skilled staff of research scientists , engineers , and physicists " and lists NASA , the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy among its employers . Anghaie 's wife , Sousan , is president of NETECH , which is listed under the couple 's residential address in Gainesville , according to court documents . The couple have two sons ; Hamid , 28 , and Ali , 31 . Since 2001 , Hamid Anghaie , who lives in Tampa , has been director and vice president of the company . Before Hamid took over , his father had the post , according to court documents . Ali Anghaie , who lives in Manchester , Connecticut , works for an aerospace firm , Pratt & Whitney , also listed among NETECH 's employers . Calls to the home of Samim and Sousan Anghaie were not immediately returned Wednesday . Authorities said the Anghaies took advantage of two federal grant programs set up to stimulate technological innovation in the private sector and strengthen the role of small businesses . Under the NETECH name , they "  submitted multiple fraudulent certified contract proposals to NASA , in order to receive the maximum funding for proposed research contracts , " according to court documents . The couple allegedly submitted fraudulent invoices to reimburse payments to "  alleged employees , " which ultimately resulted in the government overpaying the company , the documents say . The money was allegedly diverted to personal accounts through the intentional overpayment of employees , including Samim Anghaie , or the payments made to "  illegitimate " employees , including the two sons , according to the documents . Samim Anghaie , who has worked for the University of Florida for nearly 30 years , has been placed on administrative leave with pay , Orlando said . CNN 's Samira Simone and Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	FBI raids office of Florida professor accused of taking money from NASA Investigators : Samim Anghaie , family used money for personal gain Anghaie has been placed on administrative leave with pay
CNN  -- You 're not imagining it : Airline seats are generally getting smaller . But while many airlines have been slimming down their seats over the past few decades , we 've been bulking up . According to the World Health Organization , the global prevalence of obesity has doubled since 1980 . "  Seats are getting smaller and smaller as airlines look to squeeze revenue from their economy seats , " noted Ranga Natarajan , the senior product manager at SeatGuru , a website that rates the best and worst seats on nearly every plane in the industry . In the 1960s , a seat width of 17 inches was standard , and for a period in the 1990s and early 2000s , that grew to 18.5 inches with the introduction of the Boeing 777 and Airbus A380 . Recently , however , airlines been filling planes to a capacity that Natarajan calls "  historic proportions . " "  Airlines used to fly at 70 % capacity . Now , that number is closer to 80 to 85 % , which means every middle seat is occupied , so the elbow room just is n't there , " he said . 500-pound man denied seat on plane Airbus ' view : ` Make 'em wider ! ' To fit in the extra seat , passengers are now facing a width that is 17 inches and in some cases as narrow as 16 inches , a state of affairs that has pushed airplane manufacturer Airbus to launch a new marketing campaign called "  it 's the seat . " In a call to action to make 18 inches the industry standard , Airbus partnered with the London Sleep Center . They tested a small sample of six adults and found that passenger sleep quality improved 53 % in the larger seats . "  If the aviation industry does n't take a stand right now , then we risk jeopardizing passenger comfort into 2045 and beyond , " said Kevin Keniston , Airbus ' head of passenger comfort , in the company 's press materials . People 's growing proportions are n't the only issue , Airbus spokeswoman Ruth Nye said . "  In the early days of jet travel , people were flying less frequently and over shorter distances . Also , due to a lower load factor , many had empty seats next to them , " she said , adding that all of Airbus ' long-haul aircraft have been designed to accommodate 18-inch seats . Ask the airlines Ultimately , though , seat proportions are dictated by the airlines , not the plane manufacturers . Unsurprisingly , Airbus competitor Boeing is unimpressed with its rival 's call to arms . "  Airlines ask us for the flexibility to offer a great experience for passengers in a way that makes economic sense for the airline and economic sense for their passengers , " Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bergman said . "  What they have n't asked for is an arbitrary , self-serving seat-width standard . " As for whether Airbus ' campaign will make any difference in years to come , it 's too early to tell , but many are n't convinced . "  The current trend will continue : Airlines will try to make the optimal use of the space available in an aircraft due to the fact that the competition is very strong , " said Mark Hiller , chief executive officer of Recaro Aircraft Seating , adding that airlines have n't changed their orders . Making less feel like more In the past couple of years , Recaro has been charged with the difficult task of making seats that are both more cramped and more comfortable . To achieve this effect , the company has slimmed down armrests to give more room for passengers ' hips and repositioned the literature pocket above the tray table to increase legroom . Child-free zones on planes . Good or bad ? Mainly , though , Recaro has replaced traditional foam with a netting material that adheres more to the passenger 's body . The result is that seats are thinner , so even if pitch is reduced , it feels as if there 's more legroom . What you can do According to Natarajan , the best way to eke out some more space in the air is to do what the airlines are banking you 'll do : upgrade . Short of that , he notes , airlines treat different model numbers differently , and it 's worth looking up the model number and seat width on SeatGuru before you book . "  We 've seen complaints that a number of airlines have started putting 10 seats across on the 777 . One customer wrote that he flew one leg of a journey on a 777 in a 17-inch seat and flew back in an 18-inch on an A380 . ` It felt like an upgrade , ' he wrote . "	Airline seats are shrinking from the once standard 18.5 inches to 17 inches across Meanwhile , passengers are getting heavier , and flights are getting more crammed Airbus is calling on the industry to make seats wider
CNN  It 's official -- world football 's controversial leader Sepp Blatter is set to enter the enemy 's lair just weeks after accusing UEFA of plotting to depose him . The FIFA president is prepared to the risk of public humiliation in Vienna next month as he faces the three men who plan to usurp him with European governing body UEFA considering giving each candidate the chance to make their case at its congress on March 24 . FIFA confirmed to CNN that Blatter plans to be in Austria for the congress as he steps up his campaigning to retain the presidency . With 209 federation votes at stake , the candidates will have the opportunity to influence over a quarter of them as they address UEFA 's 54 member nations at an event that would be broadcast online . Seeking a fifth consecutive term in office at the age of 79 , Blatter is facing challenges from Jordan 's Prince Ali bin Al-Hussein , Dutchman Michael van Praag and former Real Madrid and Barcelona star Luis Figo . All three of Blatter 's opponents have declared their willingness to take part in a live debate with the Swiss , who has previously rejected such offers by claiming football should not "  imitate politics . " That 's a reference to the political debates , for example in the United States and Britain , where politicians slug it out in front of the cameras ahead of elections . While Prince Ali has called for an open debate and Van Praag even suggested a Google hangout , UEFA is examining the possibility of giving each candidate an allotted amount of time to outline their plans to repair FIFA 's battered image . The world governing body 's reputation has been dragged through the mud by the furor over alleged corruption surrounding the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . That criticism reached a fever pitch when the man brought in by FIFA to investigate , U.S. lawyer Michael Garcia , resigned in protest last year , unhappy that his published summary did not accurately reflect his findings . While an actual debate is unlikely at this stage , the opportunity for Blatter 's opponents to speak to congress and potentially highlight the incumbent 's failings right in front of him could potentially prove embarrassing to the Swiss . Speaking at his campaign launch in London on Tuesday , Prince Ali threw down the gauntlet to Blatter , suggesting an open debate between candidates should take place . "  If we are talking about transparency , I would like to see , at least before the elections a public debate , including the incumbent , " Prince Ali said . "  If we talk about reform , proper reform , I 'm not confident I 've seen it . He 's had the chance to do it , " added Prince Ali referring to Blatter . "  We 've also had promises from him that he would not run again . He has been the president and , definitely , the president needs to be held responsible for what happens . " Both Prince Ali and Jerome Champagne , who failed to gain the required number of backers to qualify for the election , have been scathing over FIFA 's image in recent days . In an open letter , Champagne said that he was unable to collect the five nominations needed as a number of associations feared they would be punished for supporting him . "  I warmly thank the three federations that have endorsed me and the many presidents who explained , with candor and friendship , that they could not do it despite their interest in my program , " he wrote . "  The reasons were numerous . Because they feared reprisals from their confederations having issued ` recommendations . ' "  Because their federations were candidates to host continental competitions . Because they relied too heavily on the financial support . Because they were committed to defend a united continental front . " Prince Ali has gone as fas as to suggest that FIFA is run by a "  culture of intimidation " with some national associations fearing retribution if they back any other candidate other than Blatter , though the Jordanian did n't provide specific examples . FIFA declined to comment when contacted by CNN over Prince Ali 's "  intimidation " reference . Allegations of corruption have blighted Blatter 's 17-year reign and Michel Platini , president of UEFA , has been outspoken of his desire to see the Swiss removed from the top of world football . Blatter is aware of Platini 's stance and speaking to CNN last month , he insisted UEFA was waging a campaign to depose him . They want to get rid of me , " he told CNN . "  All this opposition is coming now it 's unfortunate to say it , it 's coming from Nyon , from UEFA . They do n't have the courage to come in . "  So let me go  on  -- be respectful ! Because in football you learn to win but you also learn to lose . So I 'm going now . If I win the better , if I lose OK ! "	Sepp Blatter could face his presidential rivals in Vienna next month All four men set to be invited to speak at the UEFA congress Luis Figo , Michael van Praag and Prince Ali keen on open debate UEFA considers giving each candidate allotted time to speak at its congress
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Forecast to gain "  major " Category 3 status , outer rainbands association with a strengthening Hurricane Earl were affecting the islands of Antigua and Barbuda on Sunday , with conditions forecast to deteriorate , the National Hurricane Center said . Earl became a Category 1 hurricane on Sunday . As of 8 p.m. ET , its center was about 100 miles  160 kilometers  east of Barbuda and about 185 miles  300 kilometers  east of St. Martin . Its maximum sustained winds had increased slightly to 85 mph  140 kph  and higher gusts , and the storm was heading west-northwest at near 14 mph  22 kph  . The center of Earl is forecast to pass near or over the northern Leeward Islands Sunday night and Monday , the center said . A hurricane warning was in effect for Antigua , Barbuda , Montserrat , St. Kitts , Nevis , Anguilla , St. Martin , St. Barthelemy , Saba and St. Eustatius . As of 5 p.m. , the government of Antigua and Barbuda also had added the British Virgin Islands to the warning , forecasters said . A hurricane watch and a tropical storm warning was in effect for the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico , including the islands of Culebra and Vieques . Tropical storm-force conditions were forecast in the warning area Sunday afternoon and evening , with hurricane conditions expected early Monday , forecasters said . Tropical storm conditions were expected to spread across the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico on Monday , with hurricane conditions possible on Monday night . "  Strengthening is expected during the next 48 hours , and Earl is forecast to become a major hurricane by Tuesday , " forecasters said . Earl was forecast to turn west-northwest and slow down over the next day . Tracking maps show it moving northward away from the Caribbean and possibly affecting the U.S. East Coast by Friday . Easterners should pay attention to Earl , as it could affect areas anywhere from the Carolinas to Cape Cod , Massachusetts , over Labor Day weekend , said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . It is too soon to tell whether the storm could make landfall , she said . However , outer bands of the storm are likely to hit North Carolina beginning Thursday , kicking up large swells and possibly generating rip currents through Labor Day weekend , Jeras said . Earl is expected to dump between 3 and 5 inches of rain over the northern Leeward Islands , with isolated amounts of 8 inches possible in some areas . Puerto Rico is expected to receive between 4 and 6 inches of rain , with isolated amounts of 12 inches possible over higher elevations . In addition , Earl is expected to produce a 2-to-4-foot storm surge within the hurricane warning area , and 1-to-3-foot storm surge in coastal areas , accompanied by high surf . Meanwhile , Hurricane Danielle remained away from land , and was gradually weakening as it moved northeastward , the hurricane center said . The center of the storm was about 605 miles  975 kilometers  south of Cape Race , Newfoundland . Once a Category 4 storm , Danielle had weakened Sunday to a Category 1 hurricane with winds of near 80 mph  130 kph  . It was expected to continue to weaken , and was moving north-northeast at near 29 mph  46 kph  . Large waves and dangerous surf conditions should diminish near Bermuda on Sunday , the hurricane center said , and "  swells from Danielle are expected to gradually subside during the next day or two along portions of the United States East Coast . " A number of people were rescued along the East Coast because of those swells and riptide currents . Nearly 250 were rescued Saturday in the waters off Ocean City , Maryland , authorities said . In addition , an area eastward from Earl could develop into a tropical depression and then potentially into Tropical Storm Fiona , Jeras said .	Too soon to tell whether Earl could dampen U.S. Labor Day Outer rainbands were reaching Antigua and Barbuda Earl reaches Category 1 status Hurricane conditions are expected Monday on Leeward Islands
SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- Firefighters in Southern California are facing wind-whipped walls of flame from 15 wildfires that have scorched more than 400,000 acres and forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes . Firefighters battle the Witch fire Tuesday in the Del Dios area of Escondido , California . The blazes have killed one person and injured at least 70 more . Firefighters were aided by resources from Mexico , the state and federal governments and even inmates from California 's prisons . San Diego Fire Department Battalion Chief Bruce Cartelli described scenes of "  utter devastation " with hundreds of homes lost and "  many hundreds " of others damaged . "  It 's probably the worst significant event in my career of 36 years , " he said . "  It will not end ... until it reaches the ocean or the winds turn around , " Cartelli said . Meteorologists suggested that Santa Ana winds , which have fueled the wildfires with some gusts approaching 100 mph , could die down Wednesday afternoon . "  We are still facing some very serious fires , " Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said after an aerial tour of the affected area . "  The weather has made it very difficult for the air assets to get up and fight the fires . ... If the weather cooperates , maybe we can turn the tide tomorrow . " Officials have evacuated nearly 350,000 homes in San Diego County alone , where the worst of the fires are blazing . Using U.S. Census Bureau numbers from the 2000 census , that could mean as many as 950,000 were affected by the fires . Watch evacuees shaken , firefighters battling " In San Diego County , at least half a million residents had been ordered to find refuge in shelters , schools and stadiums as fires pushed into new areas . Among the evacuees as more than 4,000 military personnel from several bases in the area . With the winds pushing them across the area , the fires spread quickly , forcing some residents to flee in the middle of the night . "  My wife woke me up like 12 o'clock , screaming and yelling that the flames were coming down , " said Johnny Villanueva of Spring Valley , who fled with his wife and daughter to San Diego 's Qualcomm Stadium , which is serving as a shelter to more than 12,000 evacuees . "  We just loaded up the car really quick and came down here ... slept in our vehicles . " His wife , Elizabeth , added , "  I saw on the mountain on fire , and said , ` Oh my God , my family . ... Let 's go . " With Qualcomm Stadium being used by the evacuees , the San Diego Chargers planned to practice at the Arizona Cardinals ' stadium in Glendale for next weekend 's game . Lake Arrowhead resident Michelle Dresser , who owns a business and was chased from her home by a wildfire last year , said she was waiting until the last minute to leave . She spent the night in her store , partly to help customers and neighbors . "  It is crazy . We are surrounded by fire on both sides , " she said . Asked by CNN where she would go , she replied , "  I have to find someplace to accept two dogs , two cats and a turtle . " Watch people staying with pets at refuge " Animals are allowed in Qualcomm Stadium , a nearby field and Del Mar Fairgrounds and Racetrack . President Bush is scheduled to visit the area on Thursday , the White House said . Chertoff arrived in San Diego Tuesday afternoon for a "  first-hand look " at the devastation . "  I wanted to see for myself , first of all , how the shelter situation is in San Diego , what the fires look like up close , " Chertoff told CNN . The secretary said that the federal response to the wildfires is "  phenomenally better " than the response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , "  because we have been preparing and planning and training together for the last 2 1/2 years . " "  Unlike in Katrina ... we have now built the process ... and we 've rehearsed it , so when we take the field , the team already knows what we need to do , " he said . See photos of the fires " And the scene at Qualcomm Stadium on Tuesday did seem to live up to Chertoff 's expectations as volunteers cheerily handed out chairs , food and water . Thirty-four firefighters have been injured , authorities said . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said he was "  heartbroken " after touring the Lake Arrowhead area , where the Grass Valley and Slide fires have burned 5,000 acres and destroyed more than 200 homes . "  This is a tragedy , what is happening in California , " he told reporters . The combination of dry terrain , searing heat and hammering winds had created "  the perfect storm for fire , " the governor said . Schwarzenegger said about 7,000 firefighters were battling the blazes , including 2,300 inmates from California 's Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders said the mayor of Tijuana , Mexico , had sent four fire engines and their crews to help out , and the governor of Baja California had offered help . Chertoff said cots , blankets , water and other supplies have been moved where they are needed , and more are coming . The Federal Emergency Management Agency delivered 25,000 cots to Qualcomm early Tuesday . At least 150 National Guard members are assigned to provide security at the stadium . See where the fires are burning " Of San Diego County 's 10 major fires , the Witch fire in the north , which has grown to 200,000 acres , is the priority because of its significant threat to structures , said Ron Lane , the county 's director of emergency services . The Harris fire had burned more than 70,000 acres by mid-morning . In northern Los Angeles County , the Ranch , Buckweed , and Magic fires have charred more than 93,000 acres and fire officials fear they could merge . "  We want to keep these fires as small as we can , " said Capt. Barry Parker of the Ventura County Fire Department . The 54,500-acre Ranch fire was only two miles away from the 1,200-acre Magic fire . The blazes are straddling the L.A.-Ventura County line . Asked if he had enough resources , Parker said , "  We truly do n't . " "  We 're using a limited amount of resources to go in and fight these fires , " he said . "  We 've got about 600 people on the Ranch fire ; we normally would have about 1,500 . "  So we have to be absolutely surgical in how we plan and how we tactically use our fire equipment because we just simply do n't have enough fire engines in the state of California to battle these blazes . " In San Diego County , a utility spokesman said a 500,000-volt transmission line was damaged when the Harris fire expanded , and it will be out of service until at least Wednesday . Other transmission lines have been destroyed . Sanders said Mexico 's Federal Electrical Commission was providing power to the area 's grid to help make up for the losses . California also received extensive offers of manpower and equipment from the military . A total of 550 Marines were ready for deployment from Camp Pendleton , north of San Diego , and 67 Defense Department employees -- 12 firefighting teams -- already were engaged . Eleven Defense Department helicopters equipped with water buckets and more than 17,000 National Guardsmen were available , along with six C-130 aircraft able to drop water and flame retardant on the flames . But aerial attacks on the fires have been limited by the fierce Santa Ana winds . The Red Cross and other groups also were in the wings . They and some other groups were waiting for the flames to die down before bringing in their volunteers . The Red Cross has set up 11 shelters in the area and housed 3,000 people Monday night . More were expected Tuesday . A firefighter at Rancho Bernardo in San Diego County showed distress . "  Every one of us out here feels like these homes are our own . We know what it 's like to see people 's faces when they 've lost everything . It 's devastating to see so much of this all at once . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Thelma Gutierrez and Dan Simon contributed to this report .	No end "  until it reaches the ocean or the winds turn around , " official says Nearly 350,000 homes in San Diego County evacuated ; 70 people injured Flames have charred 700,000 acres , more than 1,000 homes Not "  enough fire engines in the state of California , " Ventura County official says
CNN  -- Kevin Pippen left his father 's nursing home knowing he had to make a change . His father was n't obese or dying of lung cancer . But seeing his quality of life made Pippen want to delay death as long as possible . "  It was just a wake-up call , " the 57-year-old from Georgetown , Kentucky , says , "  knowing if I kept smoking and eating the way I was , and not exercising , I was probably going to be where he is a lot quicker than I should be . " A couple of weeks later , in July 2011 , Pippen bought nicotine patches , started exercising and never looked back . "  I was miserable when I was large , but I would never admit it , " he wrote on iReport . "  I can remember looking at myself in the mirror thinking how wonderful it would be to just wake up one morning , healthy and physically fit . " Pippen 's wife , Susan , enjoyed walking every night after dinner . He joined her on the evening jaunts , until he started experiencing shooting pains in his arms and had trouble breathing . A visit to the VA Medical Center revealed that he had an 80 % blockage in one of his coronary arteries and Type 2 diabetes . In November 2011 , doctors inserted a stent to improve the blood flow to his heart . He barely fit on the operating table . Doctors offered to get him into a bariatric center for gastric bypass surgery as well , but Pippen refused . Instead , the former Airman 1st Class went on a low-carb diet , remembering that his drill instructor had forbidden potatoes and bread when an overweight Pippen entered boot camp . He had always loved comfort food -- biscuits and gravy , mashed potatoes , cheeseburgers with fries -- so the switch was difficult at first . But Pippen is n't a man to do things halfway , his wife says . It only took one nicotine patch , and an inspiring self-help book , for Pippen to quit smoking . "  Kevin becomes very focused on whatever he is working on at any one time , " Susan says . "  I think when Kevin made the decision to get healthy , it made it easier for both of us -- that we both had to make time for exercise , and our eating choices had to be healthier . " The couple started planning their meals and grocery shopping together , trying new foods like kale and spaghetti squash . They even created healthier versions of their old favorites , like pizza . Pippen took group fitness classes at their gym and swam laps on the weekends . He did Zumba and kickboxing and body sculpting and spinning -- basically anything to get moving . "  I love it when I 'm with a group of people because it just motivates the crap out of me , " he says . "  You do n't want to be left behind , so it makes you try harder . " In the first year , he lost 117 pounds . Susan worried that once Pippen reached his goal , he would revert to his old habits . He was neglecting his business in his efforts to lose weight ; nothing else seemed to matter . "  Once I decide to do something , do n't get in my way , " Pippen says with a laugh . "  It may take me a while to make that decision , but once I do I 'm so driven . " Over the next 8 months he lost another 70 pounds . Pippen is now maintaining at 182 pounds . His body fat percentage is approximately 17 % . Susan is n't much of a scale person , but she 's lost a significant amount of weight as well . She dropped from a size 10 to a size 2 , and now wears extra-small shirts . Neither is worried about going back to their old lifestyle ; they like the energy these healthy habits have given them too much to quit . Pippen gave up his low-carb diet after the first year and has switched to calorie counting . He tries to eat less than 1,850 a day by making tiny swaps , like using unsweetened almond milk instead of 1 % . He notices that people treat him differently now that he 's healthy , whether it 's at the grocery store or the gym . He feels better and he thinks that self confidence shows . The couple goes to boot camp on Mondays , and takes a spinning class on Tuesdays and Thursdays . Pippen does kickboxing on Wednesdays and swims laps on the weekends , while Susan runs on the treadmill . She plans to do a few races next year . "  The hardest part for me is exercising when I do n't want to , " she says . "  The easiest is eating a little chocolate every day without the guilt , and buying new clothes ! "	Kevin Pippen lost 188 pounds in two years , cutting his body weight in half His wife , Susan , has gotten fit as well , dropping from a size 10 to a size 2 The couple focuses on eating healthy meals and works out almost every day
The morning tide keeps time on the barrier islands of Cape Hatteras National Seashore . It slowly washes away tiny tracks left by newly hatched sea turtles that wobble into the surf under the cover of darkness . Meanwhile , dolphins play in the waters close to shore as brown pelicans hover in competition to snack on schools of fish . The Outer Banks were home to Native Americans long before 1584 when Sir Walter Raleigh attempted to make Roanoke Island the first permanent European settlement in the new world . A little more than a century later , the pirate Blackbeard unscrupulously assaulted Ocracoke Inlet , marauding and terrorizing merchants . The Ocracoke , Hatteras and Bodie Island lighthouses were built and rebuilt throughout the 19th century to help ships avoid the "  Graveyard of the Atlantic , " and the Wright Brothers made history 's first recorded flight in Kill Devil Hills at the beginning of the 20th century . Cape Hatteras National Seashore is history , a vacation destination , a home to endangered wildlife and a geological wonder combined into one national park site on North Carolina 's coast . Park stats : More than 2.3 million people visited Cape Hatteras National Seashore in 2012 , and it has averaged more than 2 million guests per year since 2008 . It is the fourth-most visited national seashore , according to the National Park Service . The location : Cape Hatteras National Seashore lies on North Carolina 's Outer Banks , about a four-hour drive from Raleigh and 2 1/2 hours from Norfolk , Virginia . The park has north and south entrances . The north entrance is in Nags Head at the junction of U.S. 64 and state Highway 12 . The south entrance , state Highway 12 north of Ocracoke , is accessible only by ferry . If you go : There is no admission to enter Cape Hatteras National Seashore , and there are visitor centers on Cape Hatteras and on Bodie and Ocracoke islands . Cape Hatteras and Bodie Island lighthouses are open from the third Friday in April through Columbus Day . Admission to each lighthouse is $ 8 for adults and $ 4 for children under 12 . Ticket purchases do not transfer from one lighthouse to the other . Weather permitting , visitors can climb the steps of Cape Hatteras Lighthouse on their own , and rangers conduct guided tours of the Bodie Island Lighthouse . Ocracoke Island , home to the second-oldest operating lighthouse in the United States , is about 60 miles south on state Highway 12 and accessing it requires taking a ferry across Pamlico Sound . The ferry to Ocracoke from Avon , North Carolina , is free , but ferries from Swan Quarter or Cedar Island are paid and require reservations . The Wright Brothers National Memorial is in Kill Devil Hills , about seven miles north of Nags Head . Fort Raleigh National Historic Site is on Roanoke Island about three miles north of Manteo . Meet our ranger : Patrick Gamman is the district interpretative ranger for Cape Hatteras National Seashore . The seeds for Gamman 's career in the park service were planted when his aunt gave him a subscription to Ranger Rick magazine as a gift for his 7th birthday . Gamman , now 44 , grew up in Oregon and says Ranger Rick 's adventures taught him environmental ethics . While attending the University of Oregon , Gamman sought out nature during spring break instead of following classmates to traditional destinations . "  I would n't go party , " he says . "  I chose national parks instead . " Gamman changed his major to geology after spending a summer volunteering at Wind Cave National Park . After graduation , he joined the Peace Corps and helped develop cave national parks in the Philippines . He then worked seasonal ranger jobs until landing his first permanent job in the park system at Grand Canyon 's backcountry office . He came to Cape Hatteras National Seashore in 2010 . "  It 's a barrier island , one of the three most dynamic geological formations  along with volcanoes and glaciers  in the world , " he says . "  We 're having a ball here because there are so many fun things to do . " For a day trip , do n't miss : Seashell hunting on the beach , touring one of the lighthouses and watching the sun set over Pamlico Sound . "  It 's rare to see sunset on a body of water on the East Coast , " he says . Favorite less-traveled spot : Nighttime on the beach . Gamman says Cape Hatteras has the darkest night sky on the Eastern Seaboard . In addition to stargazing and watching ghost crabs scramble across the sand , he says , hot summer nights cause the water to glow with bioluminescence . "  I ca n't get enough of it here , " he says . "  The night sky blows me away . " Favorite spot to view wildlife : The boardwalk near Bodie Island Lighthouse . Gamman says the boardwalk leads guests through bird ponds to a gazebo , where they can also watch crabs chase fish . "  There is always great wildlife sightings no matter what time of day , " he says . Most magical moment in the park : His first trip kayaking on the Pamlico Sound . Gamman says Pamlico Sound is not deep and is a relatively safe body of water . Almost every village on Cape Hatteras National Seashore rents kayaks , and he recommends paddling along the shore to "  bliss out . " "  It all has to do with peace and tranquillity , " he says . "  Whenever I take my kayak out , I 'm seeing turtles and brown pelicans . " Moment that made him smile : Raising a camera to photograph a young couple at Bodie Island Lighthouse and seeing the guy get down on one knee . "  I 'm like , ` Oh my God , I think I know what is going to happen , ' " he says . "  I just went crazy taking pictures . There are a lot of  wedding  proposals at the top of lighthouses . " Gamman says the woman accepted , and he was happy to share news of the marriage engagement with the other guests on the tour . Oddest moment at the park : A music teacher giving students a demonstrative lesson on sound resonance by playing a didgeridoo , a wind instrument used by Australian aborigines , at the base of Cape Hatteras Lighthouse . "  It was way out there , but I really liked it , " he says . "  The crowd waiting applauded when he finished . " A ranger 's request : Educate yourself about rip currents before entering the water and do not go swimming at sunset or sunrise . Gamman says rip currents are common at Hatteras because of small sand dunes that build up in shallow water . When the water gets pulled back out to sea , it punches holes in the dunes , creating the pull for rip currents . Gamman says the way to escape a rip tide is to remain calm and float on your back . The current will take you out about 100 yards , he says . From there you should swim parallel to the shore until you clear the pull . Then swim back . "  People try to swim out of it and you ca n't , " he says . "  Michael Phelps could n't do it . " Another park he 'd like to visit : Dinosaur National Monument in Utah . The area features a combination of science , history , geography , petroglyphs and fossils . "  They 've got dinosaur bones , " he says . "  How cool is that ? " What national park would you like to visit ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	More than 2.3 million people visited Cape Hatteras National Seashore last year North Carolina 's Ocracoke Island is home to second-oldest oldest operating lighthouse in U.S. Area home to Wright Brothers National Memorial and Fort Raleigh National Historic Site Barrier islands offer history lesson , a vacation destination and a geological wonder
CNN  -- Twinkly lights and tinsel ? That 's so last Christmas . Christmas trees do n't have to be traditional to look spectacular . In fact , some of the most memorable ones this year are anything but . How about a Christmas tree made from Lego ? Or macaroons ? Even the odder entrants in this selection of the world 's most amazing Christmas trees on public display tend to be big and bright . And there are still plenty of sparkly stars to be found and photographed . They 're just much bigger and much brighter than the ones on the tree in your living room . 1 . Vilnius Christmas tree  Lithuania The well-preserved old town in the Lithuanian capital looks like just the sort of place that needs a Christmas tree . Now it 's got one -- and it 's 25 meters tall . It 's not so much a tree as a metal skeleton covered with fir tree branches . Lithuanian fir tree branches , though -- they 're not made in China . Vilnius Christmas Tree , Cathedral Square , Vilnius , Lithuania 2 . Lego Christmas tree  Legoland Malaysia Asia 's tallest Christmas tree is in Malaysia , but even more striking than its height is that it 's made from Lego . The nine-meter tree at Legoland Malaysia is made from 400,000 blocks of the child 's toy . More than 300 Lego baubles , including candles and slightly kinky multicolored chains , have been snapped on . It 's not a tree , either ? C'mon -- where 's your Christmas spirit ? Legoland Malaysia , Bandar Medini Iskandar Malaysia , Nusajaya , Johor , Malaysia ; +6075978888 3 . Rockefeller Center Christmas tree  New York The unveiling of this 23-meter Norwegian spruce was a star-studded affair -- Mariah Carey , Leona Lewis and the Goo Goo Dolls performed . Weighing 12 tons , the tree is decorated with 45,000 LEDS and topped with a 3-meter-wide Swarovski crystal star . The tree was donated to the Rockefeller Center by the Vargoshe family , who planted it in the gardens of their Connecticut home 20 years ago . And eventually wanted to get rid of it . Rockefeller Center Christmas tree , 30 Rockefeller Plaza , New York ; +1 2125888601 4 . Galeries Lafayette Christmas tree  Paris At 20-meters tall , the world 's highest in-store Christmas tree is an intricate , horology-themed affair standing in France 's chicest department store , Galeries Lafayette . Celebrating its 30th birthday this year , Swiss watchmaker Swatch helped design the tree , including the toy village at its base that springs to life on the hour . Batteries not included . And try getting the thing home . Galeries Lafayette  French site only  , 40 boulevard Haussmann , Paris ; +33 09 69 39 75 75 5 . Floating Christmas tree  Rio de Janeiro Rio advertizes its superlative seasonal contribution as "  the world 's largest floating Christmas tree . " Turns out it may be the world 's only notable floating Christmas tree , save those dumped in various water supplies when the celebrations are over . Nonetheless , its stats are pretty impressive . More than 100,000 people turned out to see the 85-meter , 540-ton behemoth lit up for the first time in the waters off Rio . Bradesco Seguros Christmas Tree , Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon , Rio de Janeiro 6 . National Christmas tree  Washington , D.C. Last year , the Obamas were criticized for decorating their home with an apparently excessive 54 Christmas trees . This year , they have only 24 . Modest . Barack Obama was tasked with switching on the 10-meter Colorado blue spruce known as the National Christmas Tree , which stands outside the White House gates in President 's Park South . The tree is a permanent fixture , looked after by the National Park Service -- which keeps that itchy foliage from getting everywhere when it comes time to trash most trees , post-Christmas . National Christmas Tree , 17th and D Streets NW , Washington , D.C. ; +1 2023546460 7 . Brandenburg Gate Christmas tree  Berlin Since the fall of the Berlin Wall , Norway has given the German capital a Christmas tree every year as a sign of peace and solidarity with the reunified country . The decorations on this year 's tree , located as always beneath the Brandenburg Gate , are a bit of a contrast . They 're a freebie from Wintershall , Germany 's largest crude oil and natural gas producer . Nothing ironic there . Brandenburg Gate Christmas tree , Pariser Platz , Berlin 8 . Macaroon Christmas tree , Ritz-Carlton  Charlotte , North Carolina The Christmas tree at the Ritz-Carlton hotel in Charlotte , North Carolina , is edible : it 's made from 8,000 colorful macaroons . Using 10,008 egg whites , 110 cups of sugar and 57 cups of almonds , the hotel 's pastry team took 58 hours to create -- or should that be bake -- the tree . Ritz-Carlton Charlotte , 201 East Trade Street , Charlotte , North Carolina ; +1 7045472244 9 . Umbrella tree , Goring hotel  London Luxury umbrella brand Fulton made the tree outside London 's Goring hotel , so it 's not hard to guess which popular winter accessory features heavily . Mirrored baubles designed to represent raindrops are interspersed with miniature umbrellas set with sequined crystals . One of the brand 's trademark birdcage-style umbrellas -- supposedly a favorite of the British royal family -- replaces the traditional star at the top of the tree . Good thing Trojan does n't make a Chrismas tree -- they do n't right ? The Goring , Beeston Place , London ; +4473969000 10 . Opera Christmas tree , Grand Hotel de Bordeaux & Spa  Bordeaux , France Decorated with elaborate opera costumes , yards of lace and hundreds of crystals , the Christmas tree at the Grand Htel de Bordeaux & Spa is the fruit of a collaboration with L'Opera National de Bordeaux . The hotel and the opera house share a baroque style , as does the tree -- which sings in a nice soprano . Not really . Grand Htel de Bordeaux & Spa , 2-5 Place de la Comdie , Bordeaux , France ; +33 5 57 30 44 44 11 . Fendi Christmas tree , Hotel de Russie  Rome A creation of the Italian fashion house Fendi , the Christmas tree at Rome 's Hotel de Russie is unsurprisingly hung all over with the brand 's plexiglass "  bag bug " handbags . The tree at nearby Palazzo Fendi  the fashion house 's headquarters  has a similar theme , but with miniature Fendi baguette bags being used instead . Ca n't help imagining that 's one itchy tree . Hotel de Russie in Rome , Via del Babuino 9 , Rome ; +3906328881 12 . Recycled bottle Christmas tree  London Humble in origin but still impressive , the Christmas tree outside Ealing Town Hall in London was crafted from 900 plastic bottles collected by local school children . Made by artist Ashley Phillips , the tree has a serious message : that more waste is produced over the festive season than at any other time of year . Possibly including these bottles when everyone 's done with the tree . Recycled bottle Christmas tree , Ealing Town Hall , London ; +442088255000 Have you seen Christmas trees more spectacular than these ? Is your own better in its own special way ? Let us know in the comments below .	Never mind the baubles -- one of these Christmas trees is made of macaroons Another , in Rome , is festooned with luxury handbags Some go for glitz -- like the crystal-star-topped Rockefeller Center tree in NYC Brazil 's gaudiest floats on water
CNN  -- Real estate mogul , reality TV star and possible Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump told people to "  stay tuned " for an unveiling of his net worth , promising more details as he addresses questions about his wealth . "  If I run for office , you are going to know exactly what I 'm worth , " Trump told CNN 's "  In the Arena , " which has been investigating his finances . "  You 're going to know where the banks are , how much I have in the bank . " In recent months , Trump has touted his wealth as a possible asset -- and evidence of his business acumen -- as he considers whether to run against President Barack Obama in 2012 . He said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union " that his "  net worth is many , many , many times " that of Republican Mitt Romney , a former Massachusetts governor who has announced his plans to run . "  I built a very big net worth and I 'd like to put that ability ... to work for this country , " Trump said . On Friday , Trump continued to play up his wealth , coupled with how he has run his business . "  I have built a great company . " Trump said . "  I have built a company that has very little debt , has a lot of cash and I have one of the best locations anywhere in the United States . " Eliot Spitzer , the host of "  In the Arena , " and CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin are digging into a sworn deposition given by Trump in a 2007 libel case calling into question his net worth . "  Hopefully you will find out , because this country is such in bad shape somebody has to do something as quickly as possible , " Trump said . Earlier in the day , he told CNN National Correspondent Susan Candiotti that his accountants are already hard at work on the financial paperwork required of presidential candidates . "  They 're in the process , " said "  The Apprentice " star . Trump vowed that any financial disclosure will be released "  simultaneously " if and when he announces that he 's running for president . Forbes magazine lists Trump 's net worth at $ 2.7 billion -- a figure that he derided as "  very , very low relative to what my real net worth is . " In 2004 , Trump lost majority control of his casino business under a bankruptcy restructuring plan . The company cited a weak economy and burdensome interest payments as reasons for the restructuring . Trump Entertainment Resorts filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in February 2009 , according to court documents filed in Camden , New Jersey . Trump quit his position as chairman of that company , which had total assets of $ 2.06 billion and total debts of $ 1.74 billion . Around that same time , nine other of Trump Entertainment 's associated companies filed for bankruptcy protection , including Trump Taj Majal Associates , Trump Marina Associates and Trump Plaza Associates .	Donald Trump says : "  If I run for office , you are going to know exactly what I 'm worth " The real estate mogul recently has been playing up his wealth and business acumen Trump is considering whether to run for president in 2012 as a Republican
Over her long lifetime , Lily Montejo has seen the city of Tacloban shaken by war , earthquakes and powerful typhoons . But nothing she can remember from the past eight decades comes close , she says , to the terror unleashed this month by Super Typhoon Haiyan . "  I really thought it was already the apocalypse -- that I was n't going to survive , " she says , shaking her head at a table in her family 's storm-damaged home . For a lot of residents of Tacloban and the surrounding area , the extraordinarily strong typhoon was the end . The death toll stands at slightly over 4,000 -- more than three-quarters of them in the province of Leyte , of which Tacloban is the capital . Thousands more are injured . And many survivors have lost family members and their homes . The scale of the devastation has prompted some to look back into history to try to figure out how unusual Haiyan was . Meteorologists rate it as one of the most powerful storms to hit land anywhere in the world . Worse than war Montejo , who is older than 80 but coyly asks that her exact age not be published , says she remembers plenty of typhoons striking this storm-prone region , some of them with deadly results . But she says she "  never experienced " anything like Haiyan , which is known as Yolanda in the Philippines . She says she can remember World War II , during which Gen. Douglas MacArthur waded ashore at Red Beach , not far south of Tacloban , in 1944 . He was leading U.S. troops in the campaign that liberated the Philippines from the Imperial Japanese Army . For a young girl , as Montejo was at the time , the war "  was a picnic , " she says . There was no school , and adults were distracted much of the time . During bombing raids , Montejo says , her family would hide in holes her father had dug under the house . The ferocious winds and devastating storm surge of Haiyan were far more terrifying than the wartime planes , she says . In fact , nothing comparable to the super typhoon appears to have ravaged Leyte in more than a century . ` Great loss of life ' in 1912 But in November 1912 , a powerful storm was reported to have caused widespread devastation in the region . News reports from the time are eerily reminiscent of coverage of Haiyan 's impact today . Tacloban "  was almost entirely destroyed with great loss of life , " reads a report in The Washington Times of November 29 , 1912 -- a time when the Philippines were under U.S. control . The exact death toll from that typhoon was unclear . An article in The Washington Herald on November 30 suggested that "  probably " half the population of Tacloban and another city , Capiz , had been lost . It put the population of Tacloban at 12,000 and that of Capiz at more than 20,000 . But a report on the same day in The New York Times put the provisional death toll far lower , at slightly more than 300 . But the newspaper acknowledged that damaged telegraph lines meant "  no estimate is yet possible of the number of fatalities , or of the property losses . " See a panoramic photo of the devastation ' A mass of ruins ' in 1897 A powerful storm also devastated the region at the end of the 19th century , striking the islands of Samar and Leyte with strong winds and a deadly "  tidal wave " in a manner similar to Haiyan 's . "  The hurricane reached Leyte and struck the capital of Tacloban with great fury , " read the story in The New York Times on November 28 , 1897 . "  In less than half an hour the town was a mass of ruins . " Reports at the time estimated that the storm -- "  one of the worst disasters reported from the Southern Ocean in many years " -- had killed more than 6,000 local residents and 400 Europeans . The storm struck the central Philippines in early October , but did n't register in the U.S. press until more than a month later , after a ship arrived in Hong Kong bringing "  letters and papers which contain accounts of the ravages of the tidal wave and the winds , " reports said . Again , there is uncertainty over the precise death toll . In an article this week on the Philippines news site Rappler.com , the former government official Raphael Lotilla cites a study of the 1897 typhoon carried out at the time by officials from the Observatory of Manila . The study estimates the number of dead to be roughly 1,300 , far fewer than U.S. newspapers reported . ` The one building that survived the storm ' Pictures hint at hope Looking beyond the death toll , Lotilla draws attention to pictures from the era that show communities and churches destroyed in Samar and Leyte -- just as they have been by Haiyan . "  For me , their most eloquent unspoken message for us today is one of hope , " he writes . "  These communities did live again ; and they will once more . " History suggests that Tacloban and other severely damaged communities will eventually recover , says Vicente Rafael , a professor specializing in Southeast Asian history at the University of Washington . "  I have no doubt , " he says . "  If only because Tacloban has historically been at the crossroads of trade , commerce and tourism . " He says the government of President Benigno Aquino III , which has been in the spotlight over the response to the storm , "  is going to be very anxious to prove itself by rebuilding the city . " "  It 's not going to be Haiti where several years later people are still living in tents , " he says , referring to the devastating earthquake that struck the Caribbean nation in 2010 . Jason Day loses eight relatives to Typhoon Haiyan Daunting recovery But in Tacloban , the road ahead appears dauntingly long . Workers are still clearing away bodies and debris . For many people left in the city , the immediate question remains one of survival . Hundreds of thousands of people remain homeless and reliant on emergency relief for food and water . Montejo is one of the city 's more fortunate residents , even if she does n't feel that way . A classmate of the famous former Philippines first lady , Imelda Marcos , Montejo married into one of Tacloban 's most prominent families .  Her maiden name is Anover .  Her husband , who died last year , ran a number of businesses , including radio , newspapers and hospitality ; one of her sons is a local congressman . Unlike most people 's homes , the family 's sturdily built multistory house in the center of town is still standing despite damage to its windows and roof . After the storm , it sheltered some of those whose homes were destroyed . The typhoon 's howling winds nonetheless forced large amounts of water into the house , ruining photos albums , pictures and other family mementos . "  It will take years for us to get back to normal , " she says . The grim task of recovering Tacloban 's dead	The super typhoon is the worst event Lily Montejo can remember in Tacloban Montejo , more than 80 years old , she says she thought it was "  the apocalypse " Reports from 1897 and 1912 suggest previous big typhoons in the region But uncertainty about the death tolls makes it unclear if they were as deadly as Haiyan
London  CNN  -- The chairman of the London 2012 organizing group Friday rejected concerns over security staffing ahead of the Olympic Games , which start in two weeks . Sebastian Coe told reporters he was "  extraordinarily impressed with " private contractor G4S so far . His comments follow the announcement by the British government Thursday that an extra 3,500 military personnel are needed to cover a shortfall in recruitment by G4S . Coe said he was happy with the security staff on site and that while G4S has "  challenges , " it will get there . No one can underestimate the task ahead , he said . Coe would not comment on the "  robust " contract the organizing committee  LOCOG  has with G4S . Home Secretary Theresa May addressed the issue Thursday . "  There is no question of Olympic security being compromised , " May said . Going to the Games , or watching from home ? Send us your pictures and videos She said it became clear Wednesday that G4S was not able to provide all the security staff it had promised to the organizers of the London Olympic Games . The government 's decision to bring in additional troops , on top of the 13,500 already agreed , was the appropriate response to the shortfall in G4S staff , she said . The deployment means 17,000 troops will be on duty in the United Kingdom during the Games , compared with the 9,500 currently in Afghanistan . G4S had been expected to recruit a staff of more than 10,000 as part of a total security force of 23,700 for the Olympic and Paralympic Games . It will still provide several thousand personnel . A G4S statement Thursday said the company has about 4,000 people at work across 100 venues and has more than 9,000 others going through the required vetting , training and accreditation process . British newspaper reports Friday highlighted concerns over the training given to G4S recruits and the use of thousands of young people in security roles . G4S said the scheme to involve young people was run by LOCOG and was aimed at students . "  While they form a vital part of the security workforce , they will be performing more of a support function than the trained security personnel from G4S , or the armed forces , " a spokesman said in a statement . Young people do a "  fantastic job " in a similar role at the annual Wimbledon tennis championships , and there 's no reason to think they wo n't perform well at London 2012 , the spokesman said . Britain is on a heightened state of alert ahead of the Games , which open on July 27 . CNN 's Jim Boulden and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Security firm G4S says young people employed for the Olympics will do a good job Sebastian Coe says he is "  extraordinarily impressed with " security contractor G4S An extra 3,500 troops to be brought in to cover a shortfall in security staff G4S says it has about 4,000 people at work across 100 venues ; more undergoing training
CNN  -- U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz 's planned visit to India next week has been delayed , an Energy Department official said Wednesday . The postponement of the trip comes amid tensions between New Delhi and Washington over the treatment of an Indian diplomat who was arrested in New York last month on charges of fraud and making false statements on a visa application for her former housekeeper . "  I can confirm that Secretary Moniz is no longer traveling to India next week , " the Energy Department official said . "  We have been in conversation with Indian counterparts about the dates , and we have agreed to hold the dialogue in the near future at a mutually convenient date . " Indian officials expressed outrage last month when news emerged that Devyani Khobragade , the country 's deputy consul general in New York , had been strip-searched by U.S. law enforcement officials after her arrest . They have demanded that the United States apologize and drop the charges against Khobragade , whose lawyer says she is innocent and entitled to diplomatic immunity . Amid the uproar over the issue in the local media last month , Indian authorities expressed their displeasure by removing concrete barriers from outside the U.S. Embassy and taking away American diplomats ' identification cards . Moniz 's postponed India trip appears to be a high-profile result of the fallout from the dispute . In another move , Indian authorities ordered the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi to halt commercial activities at a club on its property by January 16 , an Indian external affairs official said Thursday . The official said the multipurpose American club in the embassy compound was being used by nondiplomats , which contravenes an article of the Vienna Convention . Despite the pressure , U.S. officials say there are no plans to drop the case against Khobragade , who is accused of paying her former housekeeper , Sangeeta Richard , a fraction of the amount promised in the visa application and telling Richard to keep quiet about the situation . They have said Khobragade is entitled to consular immunity , which is less broad than diplomatic immunity and covers only actions carried out under official duties . Secretary of State John Kerry expressed "  regret " about the situation last month , but stopped short of saying the United States had done anything wrong . Human rights activists say Indian authorities ' anger about Khobragade being strip-searched misses the bigger issue of her alleged wrongdoing with regard to Richard . They say the mistreatment of domestic workers is a widespread and often overlooked problem around the world . Indian and U.S. officials have repeatedly said that they hope the situation wo n't undermine relations between the two countries in the long term . "  We place great emphasis on the U.S.-India energy partnership , which is a key element of the overall strategic partnership , " the Energy Department official said Wednesday . The talks between the two sides are aimed at exchanging views "  on clean and renewable energy , civilian nuclear energy , regional energy projects , and a host of other topics that are essential to the well-being and prosperity of both our peoples , " the official said . Opinion : India overreacts to diplomat 's arrest CNN "  s Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	NEW : India orders a club at the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi to halt commercial activities U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz will no longer visit India next week , an official says The postponement comes amid tensions over the arrest of an Indian diplomat in New York Indian officials have expressed outrage that the female diplomat was strip-searched
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russian officials on Monday located a Russian cargo ship that has been missing for more than two weeks after it was believed to have been hijacked , a top official said . The Arctic Sea had been missing since July 31 . The Arctic Sea was located 300 miles  483 km  from Cape Verde , an island nation a few hundred miles from the coast of western Africa , said Russian Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov . The crew "  is alive and well , " he said . "  The crew members have been moved to our anti-submarine warfare ship Ladny where they are answering questions , " Serdyukov said . "  The questioning aims to clarify all circumstances of how the ship disappeared and why did it not send any -LSB- emergency -RSB- signals . " The Arctic Sea , which sails under a Maltese flag , had not been heard from since July 31 . It was carrying a 6,500-ton cargo of timber from Finland to Algeria when it reported trouble on July 24 off the coast of Sweden . It was scheduled to arrive in North Africa on August 4 . On Friday , the ship was reported to be in international waters north of Cape Verde . The news came from Portugal 's state news agency , which quoted Cape Verde 's defense director , Pedro Reis . The U.S. military also had a report last week that the ship had been seen a few hundred miles from Cape Verde , two military sources told CNN , but the United States had no independent verification of those reports . The U.S. military was not involved in the search . At the time , Russia 's ambassador to Cape Verde , however , denied that the Arctic Sea had been spotted near the island nation . On July 24 , the ship 's 15-member crew had told authorities that eight to 12 people armed with guns and pistols boarded the vessel about 3 a.m. that day , masked and wearing uniforms with the word "  police " written on them , the Malta Maritime Authority said . "  During -LSB- the attackers ' -RSB- stay onboard , the members of the crew were allegedly assaulted , tied , gagged and blindfolded and some of them were seriously injured , " the maritime authority said in a written statement . Swedish police reached the ship by phone on July 31 and spoke with someone they believe to be the captain , police spokeswoman Maria Lonegard said . It was the last known communication with the vessel , which was believed to be off the coast of France at that time . On Saturday Finnish police told CNN that a ransom demand had been issued to the ship 's owners , Solchart Management , for the return of the vessel .	Missing cargo ship Arctic Star found weeks after disappearing Crew safe , transferred to Russian naval vessel , ship 's owners tell CNN Ship was carrying timber cargo from Finland to Algeria Ship believed to have been hijacked off Swedish coast on July 24
Washington  CNN  -- Information about how and when the government gathers and uses cell phone location data to track certain criminal suspects should be made available to the public , a federal appeals court ruled Tuesday . At issue was whether the Justice Department could be forced to release once-sensitive records from past cases , following a lawsuit by the American Civil Liberties Union . A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia said the public 's interest outweighed any privacy concerns raised by the government over their warrantless wiretapping . "  The disclosure sought by the plaintiffs would inform this ongoing public policy discussion by shedding light on the scope and effectiveness of cell phone tracking as a law enforcement tool , " said the judges in their 35-page ruling . "  It would , for example , provide information about the kinds of crimes the government uses cell phone tracking data to investigate . " The ACLU had filed a request under the Freedom of Information Act , asking for court docket information on current and past cases of those tracked using mobile location data . The civil liberties group also wanted to know about the government 's policies , procedures and practices when using the tracking technology . The government will now be compelled to release the docket information in cases where there was a conviction or public guilty plea . For cases that resulted in an acquittal , dismissal or were sealed for national security purposes , the appeals court ordered a lower court to re-examine the issue . The government had argued it has the authority to obtain the cell phone data from private telecommunication companies without prior judicial determination of probable cause . The larger constitutional question of whether the Obama administration 's warrantless wiretapping policy is proper was not addressed by the appeals court . The current dispute , said the judges , was merely about public access to the information . Shortly after the 9/11 terror attacks a decade ago , the Bush administration stepped up use of domestic covert electronic surveillance , aimed mainly at suspected terrorist activity . The government has strongly opposed efforts to disclose information about their covert surveillance program in certain classified cases . The Justice Department has raised what is called the "  state secrets " defense , which allows courts to block lawsuits against the government on grounds that the litigation could harm national security . But the judges in the current dispute said the information here "  contains little that is personal " and that any privacy invasion would be "  marginal . " "  The fact that information about these proceedings is readily available to the public reduces further still the incursion on privacy resulting from disclosure , " wrote Judge Merrick Garland . "  The most that disclosure is likely to lead to is the fact of a single conviction , not a comprehensive scorecard of a person 's entire criminal history across multiple jurisdictions . " He noted such information can be readily found on the Internet and through the media . There was no immediate reaction to the ruling from the ACLU or the administration . The U.S. Supreme Court in November will hear a separate case dealing with police use of a global positioning system tracking device for tailing criminal suspects in their vehicle , without a warrant . The case decided Tuesday is ACLU v. U.S. Department of Justice  10-5159  .	Justice Department will have to release some records , ruling says ACLU had asked about government 's practices Whether warrantless wiretapping is legal was not covered Bush White House had stepped up surveillance after 9/11
CNN  The first headlines immediately after the attack at the office of Charlie Hebdo in Paris provide a snapshot of the massacre : Two masked men killed 12 people . That picture looks much more complex one week later . Two more attacks -- against a police officer and another that included hostages at a kosher supermarket -- brought the final death toll to 17 , plus three suspects killed . The threads that investigators have followed -- from the newsroom of the satirical magazine and the Paris supermarket -- have led to other countries , including Yemen , Turkey , Syria and Bulgaria . The untangling of who was behind the attacks has also revealed other suspects , and there have been claims of links to the biggest terrorist groups , al Qaeda and ISIS , which now calls itself the Islamic State . Here is a look at the key people , places and questions that have surfaced as investigators probe more deeply : French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has virtually ruled out a "  lone wolf " scenario . Besides Said and Cherif Kouachi , the brothers identified as the shooters at Charlie Hebdo who were later killed by police , another man , Amedy Coulibaly , has been linked to the attacks . Police killed him last week after he took hostages at the Paris kosher grocery store . There is one named suspect at large : Hayat Boumeddiene , Coulibaly 's widow . But there are other suspects . French citizen Fritz-Joly Joachin was arrested in Bulgaria at the border with Turkey on an unrelated charge , but he faces terrorism charges in connection with the Kouachis . And French security services have identified a suspected accomplice in the kosher grocery attack , according to the French newspaper Le Parisien . Police sources cited by the newspaper said one line of investigation is that the accomplice , a man from a Paris suburb , may have driven Coulibaly to the market , where Coulibaly later shot dead four people . "  We are doing everything we can to dismantle what appears to be a network . ... No doubt there was complicity and networks and maybe finance also , " Valls told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Given the magnitude of the operations and the apparent sophistication of the gunmen , many wonder who , if anyone , trained or possibly gave orders to the attackers . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , has claimed credit for the magazine attack . "  When the heroes were assigned , they accepted . They promised and fulfilled , " AQAP commander Nasr Ibn Ali al-Ansi said in a video message , referring to the Kouachi brothers and the slayings at Charlie Hebdo . The late U.S.-born Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki is the one who masterminded that operation before his 2011 death , AQAP said . Past statements by the three main suspects claim allegiance to al Qaeda or ISIS , an unsatisfying answer because the two terror groups are considered rivals . Both jihadist groups have an Islamist worldview , however , and it is possible that even if the suspects plotted together , they may have been inspired by different groups . Cherif and Said Kouachi are both said to have traveled to Yemen . Cherif , before he was killed by police , told CNN affiliate BFMTV that he 'd trained in Yemen with AQAP . Cherif Kouachi used his brother 's passport to travel to Yemen in 2011 , two Western intelligence sources with knowledge of the matter told CNN , adding that it was likely he had trained with AQAP there . A senior Yemeni national security official told CNN that Said had also entered Yemen multiple times . Coulibaly also called BFMTV before he was killed . He purportedly said by phone that he belonged to ISIS . That information has n't been corroborated by authorities , and it 's not known whether he knew any leaders or members of that terrorist group . In the aftermath of the Paris attacks , his widow , Boumeddiene , is believed to have fled to Syria , where ISIS operates . Gunman tried to justify market raid to hostages , recording apparently shows Terrorism experts say ISIS and al Qaeda have an adversarial relationship , so how are the self-proclaimed al Qaeda followers Said and Cherif Kouachi linked to the self-proclaimed ISIS member Coulibaly ? Said Kouachi 's wife told investigators that her husband and Coulibaly knew each other well . French court documents show that Coulibaly and Cherif Kouachi were also close associates and plotted to stage a prison break to free a fellow terrorist in 2010 . Kouachi and Coulibaly had a mentor in common , a radical named Djamel Beghal . Once known as al Qaeda 's premiere European recruiter , Beghal was convicted of conspiring to attack the U.S. Embassy in Paris . The attack was years in the making , AQAP claims , and was conceived as revenge for Charlie Hebdo 's depictions of the Prophet Mohammed . Al-Ansi blamed not only the satirical magazine , but also France and the United States in his statement . "  It is France that has shared all of America 's crimes , " al-Ansi added . "  It is France that has committed crimes in Mali and the Islamic Maghreb . It is France that supports the annihilation of Muslims in Central Africa in the name of race cleansing . "  "  Islamic Maghreb " refers to North Africa . U.S. officials told CNN it 's believed that when Cherif Kouachi traveled to Yemen in 2011 , he returned carrying money from AQAP earmarked to carry out the attack . Investigators said the terrorist group could have given as much as $ 20,000 , but the exact amount has not been verified . It is notable that AQAP did not claim responsibility for the siege at the Paris kosher grocery store where four hostages were killed , along with gunman Coulibaly . AQAP praised the attack at the kosher grocery store , calling it a "  blessing from Allah " that happened at the same time as the attack on Charlie Hebdo 's office . Boumeddiene 's name came to light in the Paris attacks shortly after the Kouachi brothers were identified . She was named a suspect together with her husband , Coulibaly . There were initial reports that she had fled after the kosher market attack , but this was not confirmed , and new evidence suggests that she was not in France at all during the attacks . But she could be a key to unraveling the details behind the attacks . Authorities are looking into whether Boumeddiene helped prepare the attacks before leaving France . Boumeddiene arrived in Turkey from Madrid on January 2 , five days before the first attack in Paris , Turkey 's Anadolu news agency reports . Boumeddiene stayed at an Istanbul hotel and then traveled to Syria on Thursday , Andalou said . The last place authorities spotted Boumeddiene was somewhere near Turkey 's border with Syria . A surveillance video image shows her at an Istanbul airport with a man beside her . On Tuesday , France 's Le Monde newspaper identified the man as Mehdi Belhoucine , describing him as someone known to French intelligence and who could have ties to a separate jihadist cell . Belhoucine 's brother , the newspaper said , was imprisoned last year for helping send fighters to Afghanistan and Pakistan . He is French citizen Fritz-Joly Joachin . He was arrested near the border with Turkey for allegedly kidnapping his son , Bulgarian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Betina Joteva said . The ministry said that Joachin will remain in custody until at least January 20 , when a "  court will consider  a  second warrant related to terrorism charges . " A Bulgarian prosecutor said the terrorism charge is regarding Joachin 's contacts with the Kouachi brothers , AFP reported . "  The charges are for participation in an organized crime group whose aim was ... terrorist acts , " the prosecutor said . Bulgarian officials referred further questions to French authorities . It is unclear what Joachin 's contact with the Kouachi brothers entailed . As French officials dig deeper into the suspects behind the attacks , they must deal with a new threat from an al Qaeda affiliate . The affiliate in North Africa , the Islamic Maghreb , published a threat against France on jihadist websites . "  France pays the cost of its violence on Muslim countries and the violation of their sanctity , " the group said in its statement . "  As long as its soldiers occupy countries such as Mali and Central Africa and bombard our people in Syria and Iraq , and as long as its lame media continues to undermine our Prophet  Mohammed  , France will expose itself to the worst and more . " This article is based on reporting from across all of CNN 's platforms .	Report : Police have identified a suspected accomplice to Coulibaly Hayat Boumeddiene is considered a key to unraveling the plot Scope of the story is spreading , from Bulgaria to North Africa
CNN  -- Since appearing on season 13 of "  Dancing With the Stars , " fans have seen less of Chaz Bono -- and he plans on keeping it that way . Bono has lost 60 pounds and is still losing , he told People . The weight loss has been the result of better eating habits and exercise , he said . "  Diets do n't work , " he told the magazine . "  You just have to change what you eat , and I have . " That includes incorporating more meat , fruits and veggies , the son of megastar Cher said , as well as cutting back on grains and starches . In 2005 , Bono participated in VH1 's "  Celebrity Fit Club 3 " before gender reassignment surgery that transformed him from Chastity Bono to Chaz . EW reported that in November Bono appeared on "  The Doctors " and co-host Dr. Travis Stork advised him on how to lose weight . "  Because I 'm transgender , I was always completely disconnected from my body , " Bono said during the show . "  I really lived in my head and just kind of tried to ignore everything from the neck down . " While attending the GLAAD Media Awards this past weekend , Bono said he is still dancing and that part of his exercise routine now also includes martial arts training .	Chaz Bono says a change in eating habits helped him lose weight He debuted his new look at the GLAAD Media Awards The former "  Dancing With the Stars " contestant is still dancing
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Students at a high school in Virginia prepared Thursday for the funeral of a popular classmate , the victim of a deadly drug-resistant strain of bacteria that has turned up in schools across the country recently . It 's called MRSA , short for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , and is responsible for more deaths in the United States each year than AIDS , according to new data . Ashton Bonds was a senior at Staunton River High School in Moneta , Virginia , who was diagnosed with MRSA . "  I was standing beside his bed and ... I said , ` Baby , we 're supposed to be having a graduation this year , you 've got to come up out of this and get better , ' " his mother , Veronica Bonds , remembered . After struggling with the infection for a week , the 17-year-old died on Monday . Students at his school organized a rally , saying the school needed to be cleaned up before they went back to class . "  If we sent the whole student body back into the school , then more people would just come down -LSB- with -RSB- it and maybe even result in another death , " student Chelsea Woods told CNN . "  So we sent out a bunch of text messages , got on MySpace and posted a few bulletins , and decided to have a rally around the flagpole to make sure this does n't happen again . " Watch crews disinfect schools in Bedford County , Virginia " Another Staunton River student , Ashleigh Shuffler , told CNN 's "  American Morning " she took the school superintendent on a tour of the school . "  We walked around the school , showed him a couple of bathrooms and the hallways and pointed out everything that was n't sanitary and he was very surprised , " she said . "  I do n't think he realized we were as serious as we were . I think he thought we were exaggerating . " Officials closed all 22 schools in Bedford County for cleaning this week . The situation at Staunton River High was not an isolated incident . On Wednesday , school officials in Connecticut confirmed that one student at Weston High School and one at Newtown High School had been diagnosed with MRSA . In Rockville , Maryland , at least 13 students have been diagnosed with MRSA . Cases have been reported in Ohio , Michigan and other states . Although school principals have observed that the bacteria predominantly affects student athletes , cases have been reported in children of elementary school age as well . A study published Wednesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association estimates that MRSA infections occurred in nearly 95,000 Americans in 2005 . Based on those figures , an estimated 18,650 people died due to their MRSA infection in 2005 . That death rate is higher than the HIV/AIDS death rate for that year , and the number of MRSA related deaths is much higher than previously thought . Pat Mshar , an epidemiologist for Connecticut 's Department of Health -- which contributed data to the JAMA study -- said the consolidation of statistics was groundbreaking . "  This is the first time that we 've been able to measure this in a population basis in which we 've been able to quantify the impact , " she said . According to the Centers for Disease Control , some 25 to 30 percent of the population carry staphylococcus bacteria -- one of the most common causes of infection -- in their bodies . While such infections are usually minor , invasive MRSA infections can become fatal because they are caused by drug-resistant staph . Dr. Julie Gerberding , the director of the CDC , says these infections are not new . "  It 's important to appreciate that many of these infections are the same infections moms have been dealing with for decades . They 're very preventable , " she says . "  If you see a skin infection that looks like the redness is getting bigger or if it 's associated with a lot of swelling around the wound or if the individual has a fever , those are reasons to definitely seek doctor 's attention . But most of the time these are things that can be treated with the same kind of common sense approach that is we 've been using for years . " Mshar emphasized that the highest rate of MRSA deaths -- 58 percent -- is found in hospitals . "  The healthy person in the community -- like the high school student -- generally is going to be able to be treated adequately without adverse outcome , " she said . So long as an infected student seeks treatment , covers open cuts or lesions and avoids direct skin contact with other students , "  it 's OK to go to school . " "  Certainly the publication of the article and the death of the student has heightened concern , " she said . "  Parents are more aware of MRSA now than they ever were before . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mythili Rao and Tim Langmaid contributed to this report .	17-year-old student died of drug-resistant strain of bacteria on Monday Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , MRSA , blamed for his death MRSA cases also reported in Connecticut , Maryland , Ohio , Michigan MRSA killed more people than HIV/AIDS in 2005 , new study finds
CNN  -- After an 11-year-old girl was shot and killed by a stray bullet while sitting on a friend 's bedroom floor , Chicago officials met Monday to discuss the city 's recent surge in gun violence . The girl was just one of 47 shooting victims in Chicago over the weekend , five of which were fatal , according to statistics released by the Chicago Police Department . Shamiya Adams was brought to a nearby hospital in critical condition on Friday and pronounced dead Saturday morning , according to Anthony Brucci , a spokesman for Cook County Medical Examiner 's Office . She was visiting a friend when a stray bullet from outside the residence struck her , according to Chicago Police Officer Jose Estrada . No other injuries were reported at that incident , and no one has been arrested or charged , Estrada said . An investigation is ongoing . "  Every morning , I wake up and I cry , " the girl 's mother told CNN affiliate WLS . "  I just ca n't believe it . " "  She used to tell me every day , give me a letter every day -- how much she loved me , how I was the best mother in the world , " Shaneetha Goodloe said , her voice cracking with emotion . "  And I will never hear that again from her . " Asked what she would say to anyone who had anything to do with the child 's death , Goodloe replied : Speak up . "  If you know anything , you should say something because this was n't for her . This was not for my child . She was not supposed to die from a bullet to her brain , " she said . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel met Monday with the Chicago Police superintendent and community leaders to discuss violence in their city , an event scheduled before the uptick in gun violence over the weekend . "  Our kids only get heard when there is a shot , be it a basketball shot or a bullet shot . There are other kids out there , " Emanuel said at the meeting . "  Everybody says , ` So what are you going to do ? ' As if there 's a single thing that 's going to resolve this problem , " Emanuel said . "  It is a communitywide problem , which requires a communitywide solution . " Blame weak gun laws for violence , Chicago 's top cop says Emanuel went on to say that public safety in Chicago goes beyond police and into investments in after-school and summer job programs , gun law enforcement and penalties and community building . The violent weekend in Chicago follows a deadly Independence Day weekend when more than 60 people were shot and nine were killed , according to police statistics . Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy blamed weak gun laws for the spurt of holiday violence . "  There has to come a tipping point where this changes , " McCarthy said then of the violence . "  The illogical nature of what 's happening here -- that government can intercede and prevent this from happening is overwhelming . And I refuse to think otherwise in a great country like America that we can continue to allow this to happen -- not just on a state , but on a federal level . " Chicago to get more ATF agents to help fight gun crime Chicago 's $ 8 million push to protect students from gangs Tackling Chicago 's ` crime gap ' Gang violence : What happens when you do n't die ? CNN 's George Howell and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Every morning , I wake up and I cry , " mom of 11-year-old victim tells CNN affiliate Police say 47 Chicago residents were shot over the weekend ; five lost their lives The 11-year-old was fatally shot in the head by a stray bullet while in her friend 's bedroom Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel : "  Our kids only get heard when there is a shot "
CNN  -- The number of cholera deaths in Zimbabwe is approaching 1,000 , according to U.N. figures published Monday . Two Zimbabweans rest in a cholera rehydration tent on the South Africa-Zimbabwe border . The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said 978 people have died and 18,413 suspected cases have been recorded . U.N. figures have been compiled since August . The latest death toll is reported amid claims by one of Zimbabwe 's top officials blaming the cholera outbreak on "  a genocidal onslaught " by Zimbabwe 's former colonial ruler -- Britain . "  Cholera is a calculated , racist attack on Zimbabwe by the unrepentant former colonial power , which has enlisted support from its American and Western allies so that they can invade the country , " Information Minister Sikhanyiso Ndlovu told reporters . Britain ruled the country as a colony until 1965 . Ndlovu 's claims triggered quick and pointed reaction from Britain and the United States . In Washington , State Department spokesman Rob McInturff called Ndlovu 's accusations "  patently ridiculous . " Referring to Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe , McInturff said Friday that , "  Mugabe is clearly unwilling to take any meaningful action  to stop the cholera outbreak  . " On Thursday , Mugabe said "  there is no cholera in the country . " His spokesman later said that Mugabe was sarcastically ridiculing what he believes are Western designs to invade the country . Britain 's Africa minister , Mark Malloch-Brown responded by saying , "  I do n't know what world he  Mugabe  is living in , " according to the British newspaper The Guardian . Malloch-Brown made the comment during a one-day trip to South Africa , where he visited a Johannesburg church housing 1,600 Zimbabweans who have fled their country , the newspaper said . "  There is a raging humanitarian crisis in Zimbabwe as well as an economic crisis and still there is no representative government able to lead the country out of this disaster , " he said , according to The Guardian . The outbreak , which has already killed nearly 1,000 , could surpass 60 000 cases , according to an estimate by the Zimbabwe Health Cluster , which is a group coordinated by the World Health Organization . View image gallery of Zimbabwe 's cholera crisis " Cholera , a bacterial waterborne disease that causes diarrhea , dehydration and , if not treated , death in a matter of hours , is widespread in Zimbabwe but help is not . Like the general Zimbabwean economy , the country 's health delivery system is strapped , lacking modern drugs and machinery , while doctors and nurses have been striking for over a month . On Friday , the State Department issued a travel warning for U.S. citizens because of the cholera outbreak and violence that has flared as Zimbabwe 's economy has deteriorated . "  The public health system in Zimbabwe no longer provides even basic services due to a lack of staff , electricity , clean water , and medical supplies , " the travel warning said . "  Americans who fall ill while in Zimbabwe may find it difficult to find treatment . " At the State Department 's daily press briefing Friday , spokesman Sean McCormack said the situation in Zimbabwe will be one of the topics Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will discuss when she visits the United Nations next week . "  The number of cases of cholera -- statements from Robert Mugabe notwithstanding -- is going up , not down , " McCormack said . "  The crisis has not ended . People 's lives are in danger . " Health experts say the Zimbabwean government can win the battle against cholera only if it imports adequate stocks of water-treating chemicals and disposes of refuse and sewerage properly . A Doctors Without Borders epidemiologist in Zimbabwe said , referring to the capital city , that "  the scale and sheer numbers of infection , especially in Harare , is unprecedented . " He said the group has treated more than 11,000 patients since August and has 500 international and local staff members treating people in cholera centers across the country . He said the main reasons for the outbreak are poor access to clean water , uncollected garbage in the streets and burst and blocked sewage systems . "  The fact that the outbreak has become so large is an indication that the country 's health system ca n't cope , " he said . Meanwhile , in his statement Thursday Mugabe said , "  I am happy to say our doctors , assisted by others and the World Health Organization , have now arrested cholera . So now that there is no cholera , there is no cause for war anymore . Let 's tell them  Britain and the United States  that the cholera cause does not exist anymore , if it was cause for war . " The pro-government Herald , quoting presidential spokesman George Charamba , said Mugabe had been sarcastically reacting to "  calls for intrusive action " against Zimbabwe from European leaders . Charamba said the country continues to want international assistance to combat the disease and has declared a state of emergency . The opposition Movement for Democratic Change , which rivals Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party , issued statements deploring the Mugabe government 's "  indifferent and casual approach " to cholera and saying it was "  alarmed by Mugabe 's irresponsible and false remarks " on Thursday . "  The ZANU-PF caretaker government is in a denial mode . The MDC believes that it is such careless and reckless statements that have not helped the situation , " MDC said . "  We should be honest with ourselves and with the world . The truth is that cholera remains a major disaster in Zimbabwe , " the MDC said . In his remarks to reporters in Zimbabwe , Ndlovu -- who said the country 's health system is working on the outbreak -- labeled the cholera outbreak "  a serious biological , chemical war force , a genocidal onslaught , on the people of Zimbabwe by the British , " He also made reference to U.S. President George W. Bush and Rice : "  To the outgoing warmongers , please leave in peace and not in pieces . " Ndlovu also slammed news outlets including CNN for what he called "  gunboat journalism . " "  They take photos  of  people dying  in  the DRC and Darfur and say these are cholera victims from Zimbabwe , " he said , making reference to the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Darfur region of Sudan .	NEW : U.N. : Cholera deaths approach 1000 in Zimbabwe Zimbabwe information minister says UK responsible for cholera outbreak He accuses CNN , BBC , other networks of falsifying news reports
CNN  -- The Navy detonated a large device described as being similar to a mine off the coast of Bay Head , New Jersey , Wednesday morning , sending a plume of water more than 100 feet in the air . The device , suspected to be either a moored or contact mine , was discovered Tuesday evening by a swimmer off the coast of Bay Head , about halfway between New York City and Atlantic City . The device was mostly buried in the sand , which made it hard to identify , according to Mike Brady , public affairs officer for the Naval Weapons Station Earle . An explosive ordnance disposal team was sent to detonate the device . The team determined the safest time to detonate the large device , which Brady said weighed several hundred pounds , was during the next high tide at 11 a.m. Wednesday . "  Out of an abundance of caution , we asked the local police to evacuate about 15 families from their homes in the immediate area while the detonation occurred , " said Brady . The device was about 100 feet from the shoreline in 12 feet of water when the detonation occurred . There were no injuries . Brady said CNN it 's unclear how the device got there or how long it had been there . It 's possible the device may have moved during Superstorm Sandy , but it may never be clear where it came from . A piece of the device was secured and will be analyzed for clues about its origin . "  It 's believed this is a one-of-a-kind event , and there do not appear to be any other devices in the area , " Brady said . Shipwreck hunters stumble across mysterious find	The Navy 's detonation of a mine-like device shoots water 100 feet high How the device weighing several hundred pounds got near coast is unclear Fifteen families were evacuated as a precaution ; no one was injured Leftover parts of the device will be analyzed for information about its origin
Merida , Mexico  CNN  -- There may be no one left on Earth to say TGIF this week . Some believe the world is coming to an end Friday -- on 12/21/12 -- which is when an important phase on the ancient calendar of the Mayan people terminates . Mayans do n't buy it . At least the ones living in the city of Merida , Mexico , do n't . Neither does anyone in the Mayan village of Yaxuna . They know the calendar their ancestors left them is about to absolve a key phase -- the end of an era and the heralding of a new one -- but they do n't think we 're all gon na die . Read more : Be honest , apocalypse seems kind of exciting "  It 's an era . We are lucky to see how it ends , " said wood carver Santos Esteban in Yaxuna , a sleepy village of fewer than 700 Mayans , located in a territory that once belonged to the ancient kingdom founded around 2000 B.C. . He feels it is a momentous occasion and is looking forward to the start of the new age . He is not afraid . "  Lots of people say it 's the end of the world , but we do n't believe that , " he said . Read more : China cracks down on ` Doomsday cult ' People in his village will keep living much as they have , preferring hand-built , palm-thatch huts to concrete buildings and baking tortillas on an open flame . For those less optimistic than the Mayans , an "  official " website in the United States has collected links to all the doomsday articles and videos Internet users can consume . December212012.com also offers tips on survival and advertisements for the needed gear -- from gas masks to first aid kits and hand-crank radios . Comments are welcome on its Facebook page , which has more than 14,000 likes , and website owner "  John " from near Louisville , Kentucky , sends out tweets under the handle @December212012 . On the doomsday Facebook page -- in between gloomy superstitious links and user comments -- John has confessed that he does not really believe the world will end on Friday but thinks that a new era could dawn that may include some improvements for the world . That new era , however , might require a good bit of destruction as well . John asked posters not to take the whole thing too seriously . "  PLEASE PEOPLE ... I 'm begging you . Do not overreact or make any rash decisions regarding Dec 21st . Anyone who knows anything about the 2012 prophecies , including myself , does not believes that the world is going to end , " the Facebook page says . Opinion : The Maya collapsed - could we ? Gunmaker Ryan Croft in Asheville , North Carolina , does take the prediction seriously . He is building a special assault rifle to deal with any signs of doom lurking around the corner . He does n't think life on Earth will come to a complete end Friday . "  I 'm not planning for the world to go away , " Croft told CNN affiliate WHNS . However , he thinks the day could mark the beginning of cataclysmic times introduced by a disaster . That may call for drastic measures , Croft said . His new rifle , a hybrid of an AR-15 and an AK-47 , is designed to be easy to use , the Gulf War veteran said . Trouble in the United States could ensue in the wake of an economic catastrophe , he thinks . "  I taught about economic collapse and how it actually looks on the ground , " he said . "  People want to act like it ca n't happen or does n't happen , and it happens around the world . There are places on fire right now . " In true survivalist manner , Croft also teaches his family how to subsist on alternative sources of nourishment , such as algae , roasted mice and live earthworms . CNN iReport : Mayan expert offers advice Though 12/21/12 is a somewhat congruent date on the western calendar , the Mayan version enumerates the event in a different way . The ancient people measured time in cycles called "  baktuns " of 394 years each , and the winter solstice coming Friday marks the end of the 13th baktun . Some who study the calendar say the date for the end of the period is not Friday , but Sunday . The Mayan calendar is based on the position of the heavenly bodies -- the sun , the moon and the stars -- and was meant to tell the Mayan people about agricultural and economic trends , said archeologist Alfredo Barrera . NASA is also weighing in on the matter , with a post on its website declaring that the world will not end on Friday . "  It will be another winter solstice , " NASA said . "  The claims behind the end of the world quickly unravel when pinned down to the 2012 timeline . " As of Thursday afternoon in the eastern United States -- already Friday across Asia -- the space agency said it had detected "  nothing unusual " and that it anticipated a normal couple of days ahead . Read more : Hotels ready for the end of the world The hubbub about a calamity occurring comes from a Mayan stone carving called monument 6 , made in 700 A.D. , which predicts a major event at the end of this baktun , Barrera said . But half of the broken tablet is missing , so one may only speculate on what the complete message may be . Whatever it is , it 's not about the end of the world , he said . "  We do n't have a prophecy or inscription related to the finish of the world . It just mentioned a deity . " Barrera said he believes the hullabaloo about the end of the world has been whipped up by online speculation -- and he finds it a bit ignorant . In Merida , Mayan priest Valerio Canche conducts an ancient ritual to honor the dead in light of the upcoming end of the 13th baktun . "  It is considered the closure of the great cycle of Mayan time , " he said . "  But , of course , the cycle  14th baktun  begins the following day . For the Mayans , it 's not the end of the world . " If you 're reading this on Thursday , keep in mind that it 's already Friday in New Zealand , and it 's still on the map . If it 's Friday , a look out the window may be reassuring . If it 's Saturday , and no major calamity has occurred , then relax and go celebrate the beginning of the 14th baktun with the Mayans . Debunking doomsday : 6 rumors dispelled CNN 's Ben Brumfield reported from Atlanta , and Nick Parker from Mexico	Some believe a major calamity will occur Friday based on the Mayan calendar The Mayans do n't think that 's true : "  It 's an era , " a Mayan wood carver says The end of the winter solstice marks the end of a 394-year period on the calendar Predictions mention a deity but not the end of the world , an archeologist says
London  CNN  -- As the dust settles from a third -- more effective and yet miniaturized -- North Korean nuclear test , the question rings out : What do they want ? What are the intentions of Kim Jong Un , the newest , and youngest incarnation of the Dear Leader ? The timing is of course , everything . Setting the test for the day of President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address is not random luck . It puts pressure exactly where pressure is wanted : in Washington . As the White House doubtless received the news in the early hours of the morning , they would have been scrambling to find out what they do know . They will also have been fending off calls from the media along with more than a few concerned senators and congressmen . The message from the latter will no doubt have sounded something like the following , "  What are you doing about this ? " The call will be to act , but how , what , and where ? Doubtless the Obama team will be as stumped as the many agitated diplomats rushing around the United Nations Security Council . Of course , the Chinese envoys at the Security Council will be concerned , but unlike their Japanese , South Korean , and American colleagues , they 'll probably remain seated . They 'll have firm orders from Beijing to keep emotions from boiling over . They may even water the sanctions down . As if they needed to . Any sanctions imposed would doubtless lose meaning as the morning trains began their daily shipment of goods and fuel across the border from China into North Korea . Xi Jinping , China 's new leader , may want a "  new relationship " with the United States , but that does n't mean that Washington 's strategic concerns are China 's . And if we did n't already know what Pyongyang wants , the Obama team will no doubt be consulting its army of North Korea-watchers from the CIA , the State Department and the Department of Defense for a consensus . According to many observers I 've spoken to over the years , North Korea wants the following  in order of importance  :  1  regime survival ;  2  acceptance as a nuclear power by the U.S. ;  3  a peace treaty between the U.S. and North ;  4  trade and economic growth on their terms , and hey , if we can  5  Korean unification under Pyongyang 's benign rule . Of course , Obama 's team will have been told about the "  provocation cycle , " that unfortunate fact that the U.S. and its allies will sit down to the table with North Korea within six months of any provocation . Why will they do it ? Because of the heat generated within Washington , the demands to "  do something , " and to allay regional fears that Uncle Sam 's defenses are n't what they used to be . So what can the Obama team do if sanctions are ineffective , and if a military response is out of the question ? They can learn the art of pressure from their opponents on this . But , of course , the question is what makes Pyongyang squirm ? It clearly is n't sanctions on luxury goods , as these have failed to deter endless missile tests . The answer to that riddle lies in the recent history of the Cold War , in which we learned the impact of free information on Soviet citizens behind the Iron Curtain . Information is the greatest weapon at the disposal of the Obama team , and they should apply it liberally . The North Korean people are their greatest ally and should be messaged accordingly . According to a 2011 report on North Korean susceptibility to outside media , radio and DVDs are the most common way for normal North Koreans to hear media from the outside world . The Obama team should not look to its diplomats in New York for salvation , but rather to Langley and to the U.S. military 's best and brightest on the Korean peninsula . Each time Pyongyang ratchets up the pressure , Washington should reply in kind by smuggling in 150,000 DVDs about the free world outside North Korea 's humble borders . Radio stations should work overtime to bring impartial news about the world to the hapless citizens , who still live in the Cold War , while the rest of us move on . Let 's not let the pressure be one way . American newspapers and senators may tremble about a North Korean nuclear-tipped bomb , but certainly young Kim must tremble too at the prospect of his citizens awash in the streets , their eyes open to the nature of their lot . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Hemmings .	Hemmings : Test on day of Obama 's State of the Union address not by luck Spotlight on what China does , but Beijing does n't share U.S. strategic view "  Information is the greatest weapon at the disposal of the Obama team " "  Free information " had huge impact on Soviet citizens during Cold War
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Search warrants filed Thursday in court in Clark County , Nevada , and carried out at properties of Michael Jackson 's doctor imply that investigators looking into his death believe the singer was a drug addict . Dr. Conrad Murray was with Michael Jackson on the day that he died . The warrants , signed by District Judge Timothy Williams and given to CNN by Las Vegas affiliate KTNV , say "  there is probable cause to believe " that searches would uncover evidence at the Las Vegas home and office of Dr. Conrad Murray of excessive prescribing , prescribing to an addict , excess treatment or prescribing , unprofessional conduct , prescribing to or treating an addict and manslaughter . They cite "  probable cause to believe " that the premises contained "  records , shipping orders , distribution lists , use records relating to the purchase , transfer ordering , delivery and storage of propofol  Diprivan  . " A source told CNN on Monday that the Texas-based cardiologist allegedly gave Jackson the anesthetic propofol -- commonly known by the brand name Diprivan -- in the 24 hours before he died . A source involved in the investigation into Jackson 's death has told CNN that investigators found numerous bottles of prescription drugs in his $ 100,000-a-month rented mansion in Holmby Hills , California . Watch report on the warrants " The items taken from Murray 's home included copies of his computer and cell phone hard drives . They were to be turned over to the Los Angeles Police Department , which is leading the investigation into Jackson 's death last month at age 50 . Murray is the central focus of a federal investigation into the singer 's death , a law enforcement official told CNN on Wednesday . Authorities have subpoenaed the records of various doctors who have treated Jackson over the years , but "  Dr. -LSB- Conrad -RSB- Murray is the only one we 're looking at , " the federal law enforcement official said . The disclosures were among several developments Wednesday in a story that continues to gather steam more than a month after the death of the pop icon on June 25 . Other recent developments :  Jackson 's father , Joe , acknowledged that a 25-year-old Norwegian performer is Jackson 's son -- even as the man himself denied the relationship in various news reports .  Jackson 's estate is worth at least $ 200 million , a source with knowledge of the estate 's dealings told CNN . Murray and the drug investigation Despite the comment from the federal law enforcement official , Murray 's lawyer does not think an arrest is imminent because autopsy results into Jackson 's death are pending . Police have interviewed Murray twice since Jackson 's death . Murray 's lawyer , Ed Chernoff , said his client is ready to talk to investigators again , but a meeting has not been scheduled . Murray has consistently denied he prescribed or administered anything that could have killed Jackson . Watch a profile of Murray " On Tuesday , investigators searched Murray 's home and office in Las Vegas , Nevada . Chernoff said he wo n't comment on "  rumors , innuendo or unnamed sources . " Watch CNN 's Ted Rowlands report on drug allegation " Meanwhile , Murray failed to make a payment of $ 15,000 on his $ 1.65 million home in January and has racked up debt since . If he does not make a payment by mid-August , he will lose his home to foreclosure , a spokeswoman confirmed . "  He was to be paid $ 150,000 a month by Michael Jackson , " the spokeswoman said . "  He was not -LSB- paid -RSB- by AEG , the tour promoter , or Jackson , for the two months he worked for them . So he 's low on money . " Murray has been beset by financial difficulties since graduating from medical school . He filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy protection in 1992 and accumulated $ 44,663 in state tax liens in Arizona and California from 1993 until 2003 , according to court documents . He has also has been hit with several judgments related to unpaid bills , child support payments and defaults on education loans . On Wednesday , CNN learned Murray was arrested on a charge of domestic violence disorderly conduct in Tucson , Arizona , in 1994 . Murray 's then-girlfriend accused him of having an affair and threw something at him , Tucson law enforcement officials said . Murray allegedly pushed the woman down . The doctor was acquitted five months after the incident . Joe Jackson : Jackson had another son In an interview with the Web site NewsOne , Jackson 's father , Joe , said the singer had another son , a 25-year-old Norwegian performer , Omer Bhatti . "  Yes , I knew he had another son . Yes , I did , " Joe Jackson said . "  He looks like a Jackson , he acts like a Jackson , he can dance like a Jackson . This boy is a fantastic dancer . As a matter of fact , he teaches dancing . " At Jackson 's memorial service this month , Bhatti was seated in the front row between the pop star 's father and sister . CNN has been unable to confirm the relationship . And Bhatti has told various media outlets that he and Jackson were close friends . Battle brews over Jackson 's will Jackson 's estate is worth at least $ 200 million and could amount to much more , an informed source told CNN on Wednesday . Earlier this month , a Los Angeles Superior Court judge granted control of Jackson 's assets to the executors of his will : John Branca , Jackson 's longtime personal attorney , and John McClain , a music industry executive and longtime friend . A third executor , accountant Barry Siegel , recused himself . Jackson 's mother , Katherine , now wants the judge to install her in the open slot . The judge has scheduled a hearing on Monday . "  The question is , will all this get resolved on Monday , when there is a hearing ? " said CNN legal analyst Lisa Bloom . "  Or will this blow up into a huge dispute between Katherine and the executors ? " CNN 's Randi Kaye and Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	NEW : Search warrants say there is probable evidence of prescribing to an addict NEW : Source says numerous prescription drugs found in Michael Jackson 's home "  Dr. -LSB- Conrad -RSB- Murray is the only one we 're looking at , " law enforcement official says Singer 's father confirms Michael had another child , says "  he looks like a Jackson "
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain conceded the presidential race before a crowd of supporters in Phoenix on Tuesday . He also congratulated Sen. Barack Obama . Here is a transcript : Sen. John McCain concedes defeat in the presidential election to Barack Obama . McCain : Thank you . Thank you , my friends . Thank you for coming here on this beautiful Arizona evening . My friends , we have -- we have come to the end of a long journey . The American people have spoken , and they have spoken clearly . A little while ago , I had the honor of calling Sen. Barack Obama to congratulate him . Watch McCain 's speech " To congratulate him on being elected the next president of the country that we both love . In a contest as long and difficult as this campaign has been , his success alone commands my respect for his ability and perseverance . But that he managed to do so by inspiring the hopes of so many millions of Americans who had once wrongly believed that they had little at stake or little influence in the election of an American president is something I deeply admire and commend him for achieving . This is an historic election , and I recognize the special significance it has for African-Americans and for the special pride that must be theirs tonight . I 've always believed that America offers opportunities to all who have the industry and will to seize it . Sen. Obama believes that , too . But we both recognize that , though we have come a long way from the old injustices that once stained our nation 's reputation and denied some Americans the full blessings of American citizenship , the memory of them still had the power to wound . A century ago , President Theodore Roosevelt 's invitation of Booker T. Washington to dine at the White House was taken as an outrage in many quarters . America today is a world away from the cruel and frightful bigotry of that time . There is no better evidence of this than the election of an African-American to the presidency of the United States . Let there be no reason now for any American to fail to cherish their citizenship in this , the greatest nation on Earth . Sen. Obama has achieved a great thing for himself and for his country . I applaud him for it , and offer him my sincere sympathy that his beloved grandmother did not live to see this day . Though our faith assures us she is at rest in the presence of her creator and so very proud of the good man she helped raise . Sen. Obama and I have had and argued our differences , and he has prevailed . No doubt many of those differences remain . These are difficult times for our country . And I pledge to him tonight to do all in my power to help him lead us through the many challenges we face . I urge all Americans who supported me to join me in not just congratulating him , but offering our next president our good will and earnest effort to find ways to come together to find the necessary compromises to bridge our differences and help restore our prosperity , defend our security in a dangerous world , and leave our children and grandchildren a stronger , better country than we inherited . Whatever our differences , we are fellow Americans . And please believe me when I say no association has ever meant more to me than that . It is natural . It 's natural , tonight , to feel some disappointment . But tomorrow , we must move beyond it and work together to get our country moving again . We fought -- we fought as hard as we could . And though we fell short , the failure is mine , not yours . I am so deeply grateful to all of you for the great honor of your support and for all you have done for me . I wish the outcome had been different , my friends . The road was a difficult one from the outset , but your support and friendship never wavered . I can not adequately express how deeply indebted I am to you . I 'm especially grateful to my wife , Cindy , my children , my dear mother and all my family , and to the many old and dear friends who have stood by my side through the many ups and downs of this long campaign . I have always been a fortunate man , and never more so for the love and encouragement you have given me . You know , campaigns are often harder on a candidate 's family than on the candidate , and that 's been true in this campaign . All I can offer in compensation is my love and gratitude and the promise of more peaceful years ahead . I am also -- I am also , of course , very thankful to Gov. Sarah Palin , one of the best campaigners I 've ever seen , and an impressive new voice in our party for reform and the principles that have always been our greatest strength , her husband Todd and their five beautiful children for their tireless dedication to our cause , and the courage and grace they showed in the rough and tumble of a presidential campaign . We can all look forward with great interest to her future service to Alaska , the Republican Party and our country . To all my campaign comrades , from Rick Davis and Steve Schmidt and Mark Salter , to every last volunteer who fought so hard and valiantly , month after month , in what at times seemed to be the most challenged campaign in modern times , thank you so much . A lost election will never mean more to me than the privilege of your faith and friendship . I do n't know -- I do n't know what more we could have done to try to win this election . I 'll leave that to others to determine . Every candidate makes mistakes , and I 'm sure I made my share of them . But I wo n't spend a moment of the future regretting what might have been . This campaign was and will remain the great honor of my life , and my heart is filled with nothing but gratitude for the experience and to the American people for giving me a fair hearing before deciding that Sen. Obama and my old friend Sen. Joe Biden should have the honor of leading us for the next four years . I would not -- I would not be an American worthy of the name should I regret a fate that has allowed me the extraordinary privilege of serving this country for a half a century . Today , I was a candidate for the highest office in the country I love so much . And tonight , I remain her servant . That is blessing enough for anyone , and I thank the people of Arizona for it . Tonight -- tonight , more than any night , I hold in my heart nothing but love for this country and for all its citizens , whether they supported me or Sen. Obama -- whether they supported me or Sen. Obama . I wish Godspeed to the man who was my former opponent and will be my president . And I call on all Americans , as I have often in this campaign , to not despair of our present difficulties , but to believe , always , in the promise and greatness of America , because nothing is inevitable here . Americans never quit . We never surrender . We never hide from history . We make history . Thank you , and God bless you , and God bless America . Thank you all very much .	McCain : Sen. Obama has achieved a great thing McCain : I urge all Americans who supported me ... to bridge our differences McCain : We must work together to get our country moving again
CNN  -- Unseeded Russian Ekaterina Makarova upset five-time champion Serena Williams of the United States 6-2 6-3 on Monday to reach the quarterfinals of the Australian Open . The fourth-round match was played as temperatures hit above 32 degrees Celsius  90 degrees Fahrenheit  . Makarova 's two previous grand slam appearances -- at Wimbledon and the U.S. Open last year -- ended with losses in the first round as she faded from a career-high 29th in the rankings -- a position she reached with last-16 appearances in Melbourne and at the French Open . "  I 'm surprised because she 's a great player and it 's really tough to play against her , " said the 23-year-old Makarova , who will next play her fourth-seeded compatriot Maria Sharapova . Nishikori makes history for Japan "  But , I do n't know , I was just feeling so good and so focused . So I played my game , and that 's it . I won against Serena . That 's amazing . " Former world No. 1 Williams , seeded 12th , refused to blame the ankle injury she suffered in a warm-up tournament in Brisbane . "  I feel like I did n't play well today . I do n't feel like I ca n't get better . I feel like if I was in a situation where , ` Wow , she played so great , and I played amazing , and I served 80 % , and I hit no double-faults , I did n't hit 37 unforced errors , ' that would be a totally different situation , " the 30-year-old said . "  I did n't play well . I 'm not physically 100 % . So it 's just like , you know , I ca n't be so angry at myself , even though I 'm very unhappy . I know that I can play a hundred times better than I did this whole tournament . " Sharapova , the 2008 champion , secured her place in the last eight as she came from behind to beat German 14th seed Sabine Lisicki 2-6 6-2 6-3 in the late match . It was their first meeting since last year 's Wimbledon semifinals , when Sharapova also won before losing in the final . Earlier Monday , Wimbledon champion and world No. 2 Petra Kvitova reached the quarterfinals after beating Serbian 21st seed and former No. 1 Ana Ivanovic 6-2 7-6  7-2  . The Czech will next face Italy 's Sara Errani , who beat China 's Zheng Jie 6-2 6-1 . On Sunday , defending champion and 11th seed Kim Clijsters saved four match points as she overcame the opponent she beat in last year 's Australian Open final , Li Na , 4-6 7-6 6-4 . The former world No. 1 was in trouble early on as she turned her ankle in the opening set and needed medical treatment before battling back to book a quarterfinal clash with top-ranked Caroline Wozniacki . Fifth seed Li took full advantage of Clijsters ' discomfort by taking the first set , but the Belgian showed typical resilience when she leveled the match after a dramatic tie break , during which she faced match point four times . The setback clearly stunned Li , who quickly found herself 5-2 down in the deciding set before staging a late rally . But the momentum was with the Belgian , as she closed out the match . "  I ca n't believe I won , " Clijsters told the Australian Open 's official website . "  I knew before the match that it was going to be a tough match but I did n't expect this obviously ! "  I do n't want to quit my last time at the Australian Open . It -LSB- retiring -RSB- definitely crossed my mind at some point . But at one point you think , ` Okay , I 'm just gon na go for it . ' Once I made that decision , I did n't think . " Wozniacki , from Denmark , beat Serbian 13th seed Jelena Jankovic 6-0 7-5 as she continues her quest to secure the first grand slam victory of her career . After wrapping up the opening set in just over half an hour , Wozniacki dropped her serve twice in the second as Jankovic found her feet , but she held her nerve to serve out the match . "  I 'm just happy to be here as the winner of the match , " Wozniacki said . "  I felt like I played some really good tennis out there today . "  She started to play really well as well . She had nothing to lose so she had to go for it . I knew she was a fighter and it was n't going to be easy . " Elsewhere Sunday , world No. 3 Victoria Azarenka of Belarus cruised past Czech Iveta Benesova 6-2 6-2 to reach the last eight . She will now face Polish eighth seed Agnieszka Radwanska , who thrashed Julia Gorges of Germany 6-1 6-1 . CNN 's Elizabeth Yuan contributed to this report .	Serena Williams loses in straight sets to Russian world No. 56 in Melbourne Ekatarina Makarova earns quarterfinal clash with fourth seed Maria Sharapova World No. 2 Petra Kvitova reaches last eight after beating Ana Ivanovic Defending champion Kim Clijsters will face top seed Caroline Wozniacki in quarterfinal
CNN  -- The e-mail arrived from Uzbekistan on February 26 . It was titled "  Bad News . " Abdul Dadahanov had intended to study business , but changed his mind after 9/11 , his academic adviser said . "  Dear Mama Judy , " a young woman named Aziza Dadahanov wrote in shaky English . "  Very very bad news !!! Abdul is given 8 years of prison . Today was the verdict . Now i feel myself very bad . And i ca n't write now . I am shocked . " "  It was like being kicked in the stomach , " recalled Judy Skartvedt , a retired flight attendant living in Easton , Connecticut . She knew Dadahanov 's husband , Abdul Dadahanov , as an Uzbek exchange student who had wanted to help heal people after the 9/11 attacks . She thought of him as an open-minded Muslim whom her family had hosted when he came on a scholarship to study at Fairfield University in 2001 . "  We were totally shocked that someone like Abdul could be arrested for anything , " Skartvedt said . "  We have n't stopped worrying about his safety . " The 32-year-old faces eight years in a labor camp for participation in what the Uzbekistan government says is an extremist religious organization , according to Forum 18 , a religious freedom watchdog organization The group says that Uzbek security forces arrested Dadahanov and four other men -- Bakhrom Ibrahimov , Davron Kabilov , Rovshanbek Favoyev and Botyrbek Eshkuziyev -- last summer after the men had written for an Islamic journal called Irmoq . The National Security Service reportedly claimed the magazine was "  sponsored by a Turkish radical religious movement . " Officials from the Embassy of Uzbekistan in Washington have refused to comment on the case . Forum 18 says Dadahanov and the four other Uzbek men were convicted of "  dissemination of information and materials containing ideas of religious extremism , separatism and fundamentalism , calls for pogroms or violent eviction of individuals aimed at creating panic among the population . " Human rights organizations say the convictions appear to be part of a broader crackdown in the former Soviet republic , targeting members of "  Nurchilar , " a moderate Muslim movement of Turkish origin , which follows the writing of a 19th-century Sufi Muslim theologian . "  Unfortunately this is not an unusual case , " said Igor Vorontsov , a researcher with Human Rights Watch in St. Petersburg . "  The -LSB- Uzbek -RSB- government has persisted in its persecution of independent Muslims . " Thousands of miles from the Republic of Uzbekistan , news of Dadahanov 's jail sentence has stunned academics and Christian community leaders in Connecticut . They fondly describe a committed social activist and observant Muslim , who rode between work and classes on a secondhand bicycle and spent more than a year distributing food to soup kitchens in one of America 's poorer cities . "  He had a naive trust in the goodness of human beings , " said Patty Jenson , an administrator at the Council of Churches of Greater Bridgeport . "  I am shocked . I know he is there -LSB- in prison -RSB- unjustly . What is happening is unjust . " "  He was a man of his word , he was gentle and kind , " said Charlene Chambers , the director of King 's Pantry , a nonprofit organization that distributes food to homeless people in Bridgeport . "  Our common bond was feeding people who ca n't feed themselves and clothing those people who ca n't clothe themselves . " Dadahanov 's academic adviser , Katherine Kidd , said the young Uzbek originally intended to study business when he arrived at Fairfield University on a scholarship from the Open Society Institute of the Soros Foundation . That changed September 11 , 2001 . Kidd choked up as she recalled his visit to her office , hours after the terrorist attacks . "  He said , ` Dr. Kidd , I have to do something to tell people that this is not what Islam is about . ' He said , ' I want to be part of things that are done here to bring healing to people after 9/11 . ' " Dadahanov began working closely with Kidd 's husband , Pastor John Kidd , who was a Lutheran minister and the executive director of the Council of Churches of Greater Bridgeport . Pastor Kidd helped Dadahanov tour churches and work with synagogues , giving lectures on his interpretation of Islam . Dadahanov also appeared before audiences dressed in traditional Central Asian attire , in an effort to spread cultural awareness about Uzbekistan . Advisers say the young Uzbek was inspired by his interaction with church and community groups . Gradually , he shifted his academic focus from business to grassroots community service and education reform . "  He would regularly say ` Wow , how can I do this in Uzbekistan , and make my country and my community better and stronger ? ' " Katherine Kidd explained . Dadahanov helped establish a small prayer room for Muslim students at Fairfield University . He also launched a book drive , shipping secondhand books to Uzbekistan to help teach English in his home country . And he was eventually hired at the Council of Churches , and tasked with distributing Federal Emergency Management Agency funds to 26 feeding programs across Bridgeport . "  He wanted to be involved in the frontline programs , " John Kidd said . "  Ultimately , it 's sad that all these things he came to see in terms of how you build a community , how you take responsibility for the life of a community , is at least in part what put him at odds with the authorities in Uzbekistan . " When he returned to Uzbekistan in 2004 after two and a half years in Connecticut , Dadahanov set up an English-language school with friends . The school offered English lessons to young Uzbeks at an affordable price -- a remarkable achievement in a society in which the government controls almost all facets of the economy . There is little tolerance for independent grassroots activism in Uzbekistan . The country has had the same authoritarian president , Islam Karimov , since it won independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 . The State Department 's recently published 2008 human rights report states "  torture remain systemic in -LSB- Uzbekistan 's -RSB- law enforcement ... human rights activists and journalists who criticized the government continued to be subjected to harassment , arbitrary arrest , politically motivated prosecution , forced psychiatric treatment and physical attack . " Uzbek security forces frequently target religious activists . "  The government has almost a paranoia of any independent religious activity , particularly those related to Islam , " said Sean Roberts , a Central Asia expert at George Washington University . "  The Uzbek government tries to control the religious sector very similar to the way the Soviets did . They have a state Muslim board that oversees what is proper Islam - anything that falls out of that scope is seen as threatening and seditious . " The Uzbek government says it "  views the ensuring of human rights and freedoms of its citizens as its highest priority . " A statement posted on the Web site of the Embassy of Uzbekistan in Washington cited the passage of more then 120 laws and 60 international treaties aimed at improving the country 's human rights record . The Uzbek government says it is making reforms of its judicial and penitentiary system , aimed at "  prosecuting and punishing for the use of torture and other forms of ill-treatment . " Dadahanov 's former professors invited him to return on a scholarship to the United States after his arrest , and two families offered to house Dadahanov , his wife Aziza and young son Abdulrahman . Dr. Orin Grossman , Fairfield University 's academic vice president , hoped the graduate school offer would allow Uzbek authorities to release Dadahanov . "  It obviously did n't work , " he wrote in an e-mail to CNN . Accounts of appalling conditions in Uzbek prisons have worried Dadahanov 's American friends , who remember how the slim Uzbek rode to barbecues on his bicycle , carrying a giant watermelon in a backpack as a gift . The hardest part has been trying to get information from Dadahanov 's family in Tashkent . "  The government is tapping their phone and tracking their e-mail , " Katherine Kidd said . "  We 're pretty much sure neither of those is secure from the government . "	Abdul Dadahanov jailed in Uzbekistan , accused of extremist religious activities American family recalls how the man wanted to aid healing after 9/11 Rights groups say Dadahanov is victim of crackdown on "  independent Muslims " Friends in the U.S. fear for health of "  gentle , kind " man in Uzbek prisons
CNN  -- A Tampa judge denied bail Wednesday for a Florida man charged with first-degree murder in the death of a 3-month-old child , who authorities say was thrown out of a moving car . Police say infant Emanuel Murray died after his mother 's ex-boyfriend threw him from a car on a Florida interstate . Richard Anthony McTear Jr. , 21 , was arrested Tuesday , hours after a confrontation at his former girlfriend 's apartment in which he snatched the infant , Emanuel Wesley Murray , the Hillsborough County sheriff 's office said . The child 's body was found about 4 . am . Tuesday on the side of Interstate 275 in Tampa , Florida , by a local television photographer on his way to work . The photographer , WTVT 's Jason Bird , said he stopped when he spotted something by the roadside "  It had to be a baby doll but it was too big to be a doll , " Bird told CNN affiliate WFTS in Tampa . "  I almost passed out , I started shaking , " said Bird . A preliminary autopsy determined the child died of blunt trauma to the head , the county medical examiner 's office said . Police were called to the apartment of McTear 's former girlfriend about 3:15 a.m. Tuesday . The mother , Jasmine Bedwell , 17 , told investigators that McTear had hit her several times and threatened "  to kill the both of y' all , " the sheriff 's department said in a statement announcing the charges . McTear threw a car seat containing the child across the room during the fight , causing the boy to fall onto the apartment 's concrete floor , investigators said . He then picked up the boy and drove off in his blue Chevrolet Impala , throwing the child out while on the interstate , the sheriff 's department said . Video on CNN affiliate WFLA TV showed McTear being led out of a Tampa police squad car after his arrest . He ducked his head as TV cameras surrounded him on his walk into a police building . When asked by reporters if he had thrown the child out of the car window , McTear answered , "  It 's a dirty game . A dirty game . " McTear is not related to the child , said sheriff 's spokeswoman Debbie Carter . McTear is facing additional charges of burglary with battery , felony battery , aggravated child abuse and kidnapping , the sheriff 's department said .	Richard Anthony McTear Jr. threatened "  to kill the both of y' all , " baby 's mother says McTear , 21 , threw child across room , then out of car , authorities say A motorist found the baby boy on Interstate 275 in Tampa , Florida , around 4:30 a.m. McTear , who was not related to boy , faces charges of first-degree murder , kidnapping
CNN  -- Five people , including a child , died when their helicopter crashed in Wyoming County , Pennsylvania , that county 's coroner said . Three men and one woman also died , said coroner Tom Kukuchka . Authorities were still attempting to contact next of kin . Holly Baker , with the Federal Aviation Administration , said the helicopter was reported missing with five people on board Saturday . It departed from Greater Binghamton Airport in New York and was headed to Jake Arner Memorial Airport in Lehighton , Pennsylvania . The wreckage of the Robinson 66 helicopter was found Sunday afternoon in a wooded area , Baker said . The cause of the crash was not immediately clear . CNN affiliate WNEP reported that controllers at Wilkes-Barre / Scranton International Airport lost contact with the helicopter around 10:30 p.m. ET Saturday night during bad weather . The National Transportation Safety Board was en route and will investigate the crash , Baker said . The FAA will also investigate . CNN 's Sho Wills and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : A child is among the victims , a coroner says The NTSB and the FAA will investigate The cause of the crash was not immediately clear
Boston  CNN  -- Trying to show a softer , lighter side of accused killer and crime boss James "  Whitey " Bulger , his defense lawyers have released photos that they say they would expect to show the jury should Bulger decide to testify . In response to a CNN question , his lawyers acknowledged , "  yes , " they have prepared Bulger , 83 , to take the stand as they would any other witness . "  Every criminal defendant has until the last witness is presented on the defense to make a decision as to whether he or she will testify , " said the lead counsel , J. W. Carney . Bulger , his lawyers say , is calling the shots and will make the decision Friday after the defense reads testimony from one victim 's mother and then calls its last two witnesses , an FBI secretary and admitted former hitman John Martorano . If Bulger does not testify , closing arguments will likely happen Monday . Bulger offers $ 822,000 to relatives of two murder victims The 20 photos , released late Wednesday , show Bulger smiling and relaxed . Described as an animal lover , he 's seen separately with dogs , a goat and a parrot . In one photo he is seen posing in front of the Stanley Cup . In others , he appears smiling with girlfriend Catherine Grieg , who went into hiding with Bulger in 1995 and who was arrested with him 16 years later in 2011 living under an alias in Santa Monica , California . One of the men featured in a photo with Bulger was identified as a defrocked , formerly high-ranking official of the Boston archdiocese , Frederick J. Ryan , according to the lawyer for two former Catholic Memorial School students who brought sexual molestation claims against the archdiocese in 2002 . Attorney Mitchell Garabedian said that one of his clients and another person who worked with Ryan identified the former vice chancellor in the photo Thursday morning , after the images became public . Garabedian 's clients ' claims were acknowledged , and they received money as part of a settlement . Ryan was defrocked by the Vatican in 2006 . "  If the defense were trying to show a kinder , gentler Whitey , it certainly backfired , " Garabedian told CNN Thursday . Prosecutor Fred Wyshak objected to the photos , saying , "  I do n't know if being an animal lover is going to salvage his reputation . " Bulger laughed at the remark . The personal photos are a stark contrast to the numerous surveillance images shown to the jury . Bulger is facing 19 counts of murder as part of a racketeering conspiracy , and 13 counts of extortion , racketeering and money-laundering . Bulger 's lawyers have called five retired FBI agents who worked in Boston during Bulger 's alleged reign of terror in the late 1970s and 1980s . The defense team has repeatedly raised questions surrounding what the FBI did and did not do in investigating internal corruption and protecting confidential informants . Victim 's mother warned FBI about impending murder Former Special Agent Matthew Cronin testified Thursday about rampant leaks in the Boston office that compromised several of his cases . Suspicion fell on Bulger 's handler , agent John Connolly , currently serving 40 years for crimes relating to Bulger . Having worked in New York City , Cronin said of the Boston field office , "  Here everyone was interested in everyone else 's business . You learned to keep your cards close to the vest . " On cross-examination , prosecutor Brian Kelly asked Cronin , "  If the FBI does a lousy job , that does n't give a criminal the right to murder people , does it ? " Judge Denise Casper sustained the defense team 's objection . Bulger , pale with a ring of gray stubble around his balding head , sits at the defense table either staring straight ahead or hunched over a pad taking notes . His brother Jackie has been court nearly every day , sitting in the front row reserved for Bulger 's family . Nephew Billy Bulger Jr. , son of former Massachusetts Senate President Billy Bulger , was also in court Thursday . Prosecutors wrapped up their case last week after calling 63 witnesses over 30 days . Casper is reviewing the defense 's motion to include an additional charge of "  accessory after the fact to murder " in Bulger 's final charges . CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report . CNN national correspondent Deborah Feyerick is live tweeting from inside the Boston federal courtroom , follow Feyerick at @DebFeyerickCNN for live updates .	Bulger 's attorneys release photos showing him smiling and relaxed He also is shown posing with the Stanley Cup and his girlfriend A former FBI agent says the Boston office had rampant leaks Bulger is facing 19 counts of murder as part of a racketeering conspiracy
On December 12 a bride and groom traveled to their wedding in al-Baitha province , Yemen . It was supposed to be a day of celebration . Instead , in a few seconds , their happiness was obliterated . A U.S. drone fired at the wedding procession , destroying five vehicles and killing most of their occupants . Not even the bride 's car , beautifully decorated with flowers , was spared from the carnage . Senior Yemeni officials later admitted that the strike was a "  mistake " . Quite some mistake : although the bride survived , the strike killed 14 civilians and injured 22 more , according to officials -- the largest death toll by a drone attack in Yemen since the program began in 2002 . Since the killings , a wave of outrage has swept across the country . The Yemeni government rushed to meet community elders , seeking to negotiate a quiet settlement for the killing of the bride 's loved ones . But the bereaved villagers rejected the overtures and instead demanded that President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi stop U.S. drone strikes before they would sit at any negotiating table . As ever , the White House responded to press queries about the incident with only silence . U.S. President Barack Obama has issued no admission of responsibility , let alone an apology . Only after recent evidence gathered from the scene by Reprieve did officials grudgingly admit that they would look into the strike . This is not the first time a U.S. drone has killed civilians in al-Baitha province . On September 2 , 2012 , a U.S. drone hit a minibus near Radda , according to Yemeni officials . This time the vehicle was full of villagers carrying their day 's shopping . As usual the initial press coverage labelled the dead as "  al Qaeda militants , " but when the relatives threatened to deliver the bodies to the President 's gates , the Yemeni government was forced to concede that all 12 people killed were civilians . Among the victims were a pregnant woman and three children . Only recently , we had reason to hope for better . Last month , Yemeni civil engineer Faisal bin Ali Jaber went to Washington , traveling over 7,000 miles in search of answers . He met Congressmen , Senators , and even some White House officials to describe how U.S. drone strikes incinerated his nephew and brother-in-law at his son 's hometown wedding last year . In this strike two of the casualties were not only civilians , they were potential allies -- one was an imam who regularly preached against al Qaeda ; the other was this small town 's only policemen . Faisal received heartfelt condolences from many lawmakers . Yet no official was prepared to explain why his relatives were killed , or why the U.S. administration refused to acknowledge it had made a mistake . The use of drones in Yemen might seem a simple , quick-fix option for Obama . But with every civilian death , al Qaeda 's recruiting power increases . Nabeel Khoury , former U.S. Deputy Chief of Mission to Yemen , recently reminded us of just that . Asked whether the covert U.S. drone war in Yemen was creating more enemies than it removed , he concluded : "  Drone strikes take out a few bad guys to be sure , but they also kill a large number of innocent civilians . Given Yemen 's tribal structure , the U.S. generates roughly forty to sixty new enemies for every AQAP operative killed by drones . " Let me be clear : I , like the vast majority of my countrymen , reject terrorism . All of us were repulsed by footage of the gruesome al Qaeda attack on a Defence Ministry hospital that left dozens dead in December . We agree that our fight against extremist groups can not be won without a variety of efforts , including robust law enforcement . But U.S. drone strikes are exacerbating our problem by leaving families bereaved and entire villages terrified . Drones destroy the fabric of Yemeni society . Wronged and angry men are just the sort extreme groups like al Qaeda in the Arab Peninsula find easiest to recruit . Our President may reassure the U.S. of his support for drone strikes , but he does so in complete contradiction to the Yemeni people 's wishes . This year , two of Yemen 's greatest democratic institutions made this clear . Yemen 's National Dialogue Conference -- praised by Obama as a "  historic " institution -- and the Yemeni Parliament have both voted overwhelmingly to ban the use of drones . For a country so often divided , this unanimity from Yemen 's key democratic bodies shows the strength of public opinion against drones . But the people 's cries have been met only with more missiles raining down from the skies above . How can we in Yemen build our fledgling democracy when our collective will is ignored by Western democracy 's most powerful proponent ?	In December a U.S. drone strike mistakenly targeted a wedding convoy in Yemen The strike killed 14 civilians , outraging Yemen , but U.S. has failed to take responsibility Shiban : Drones may seem like quick fix , but every errant strike helps al Qaeda recruit
CNN  -- Judges have approved British supermodel Naomi Campbell 's request to postpone her testimony at the "  blood diamonds " war crimes trial for a former Liberian president , court officials said Monday . Campbell was scheduled to appear July 29 at the trial in The Hague , Netherlands , but will now appear on August 5 instead . Campbell did not want to be involved in the trial but was subpoenaed on July 1 to appear at the tribunal for Charles Taylor , who faces war crimes charges over a brutal conflict in Sierra Leone that was fueled by rough diamonds , also known as blood diamonds or conflict diamonds . Witnesses have said Taylor gave Campbell a diamond . Prosecutors had rested their case against Taylor in February 2009 . They asked to reopen it specifically to call Campbell , as well as actress Mia Farrow and a witness named Carole Taylor , court papers show . Prosecutors said they learned in June 2009 that Taylor had given the supermodel a diamond in South Africa in 1997 . Farrow confirmed it , they said . When arguing to reopen the case , prosecutors said Campbell 's testimony would prove that the former president "  used rough diamonds for personal enrichment and arms purchases , " according to papers filed with the U.N.-backed court . Taylor , 62 , was president of Liberia from 1997 to 2003 . The war crimes charges against him stem from the widespread murder , rape and mutilation that occurred during the bloody civil war in Sierra Leone . It was fought largely by teenagers who were forced to kill , given addictive drugs to provoke violent behavior , and often instructed to rape and plunder . Taylor is charged with five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , sexual slavery and violence , and enslavement . He also faces five counts of war crimes , including acts of terrorism and torture , and one count of other serious violations of international humanitarian law . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges .	Supermodel Naomi Campbell requested the delay in testimony from July 29 to August 5 Witnesses say former Liberian President Charles Taylor gave Campbell a diamond Taylor faces war crimes charges for a war fueled by so-called blood diamonds
CNN  -- Staff Sgt. Bartek Bachleda does n't consider himself a hero , but passengers on a recent jumbo jet flight might beg to differ . Staff Sgt. Bartek Bachleda says he knew the plane he was riding in was losing fuel and videotaped the problem . One of 300 passengers on a United Airlines flight from Chicago , Illinois , to Tokyo , Japan , in April , Bachleda noticed white "  smoke " billowing from the left side of the Boeing 747-400 jet on takeoff and then again at cruising altitude of over 30,000 feet . He said he was sure it was a leak , a big one that could lead to a potentially dangerous situation . Bachleda , 30 , should know . He serves in an air refueling squadron in the U.S. Air Force . He videotaped the midair vapor from his window seat and tried to warn a flight attendant . But at first , she paid him no heed . "  When I initially hit the call button , she thought maybe I wanted something , and she said , ` Sir , I 'm handing out drinks , I 'll be right back with you , ' " Bachleda said . Undeterred , Bachleda called her back to his seat . "  Ma'am , " he said . "  It 's looking bad . " He identified himself and showed the flight attendant his video . "  I decided , if the captain does n't know about this before we go oceanic -- meaning once we fly over the ocean -- and we 're leaking this massive amount of fuel , this is going to be a bad day , " said Bachleda , on a return trip back to Kadena Air Base in Japan , where he is stationed . This time the flight attendant took him seriously , immediately stopped serving drinks and alerted the flight crew . Watch more on the plane leak " United Airlines spokesman Jeff Kovick said the crew was already aware of the situation and was considering what action to take when Bachleda brought it to their attention . He said the captain would never have attempted a Pacific crossing . In Bachleda 's estimation , the plane , which United said has a capacity of 373,000 pounds of jet fuel , was losing about 6,000 pounds an hour . Over the course of a 13-hour flight , the plane would have lost about 20 percent of its tank . But a former NTSB official said the plane still would have had to land because it lacked extra fuel to divert once it was over the Pacific or circle at its destination . The jet landed in San Francisco , California -- with all 300 passengers safe .	Passenger notices white smoke billowing from plane 's left side on flight to Japan Staff Sgt. Bartek Bachleda videotapes the fumes from seat on United Airlines flight Bachleda , who serves in air refueling squadron in U.S. Air Force , shows tape to crew Jet lands in San Francisco ; United spokesman says pilots already aware of situation
CNN  -- A Catholic aid organization operating in the Democratic Republic of Congo and the country 's government have accused Uganda-based rebels of massacring 400 civilians during Christmas celebrations last week . The Lord 's Resistance Army , led by Joseph Kony , has been accused of many atrocities . The United Nations peacekeeping force in Congo put the death toll at 189 and said the Lord 's Resistance Army rebels also abducted 20 children . Caritas International expressed its "  shock " at the killing spree in northeastern Congo , blaming the rebels for attacking a Christmas day concert sponsored by the Catholic church in the town of Faradje . LRA rebels also burned down a church in another village , it said . "  The areas have been plundered , leaving the people in desperate need of aid , " the organization said in a news release issued on Monday . "  Caritas says that the number of dead bodies risk spreading disease . " Several Congolese officials and two Catholic priests were among those killed in Faradje , according to the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Congo , known by its French acronym MONUC . The rebels torched 120 homes in Faradje , and looted the rest of the village -- forcing its 30,000 residents to flee to neighboring towns -- according to the U.N. , citing humanitarian workers in the region . Congo 's Communications Minister Lambert Mende Omalanga told CNN that the attacks happened as the rebels were fleeing Congolese army forces and victims were "  mostly women , children and old men -- those who could not run and escape . " Congo 's army , along with Ugandan and Sudanese forces , launched a raid against LRA rebels earlier this month . It came amid stalled peace negotiations intended to disarm LRA leader Joseph Kony and end a rebellion that began in Uganda over two decades ago when President Yoweri Museveni came to power . The LRA , led by Kony , who claims to have spiritual powers , sought to overthrow Uganda 's government , demanding the constitution be replaced with a version of the Ten Commandments . The Ugandan government and the rebels agreed to a cessation of hostilities in August 2006 , but there have been outbursts of fighting since . The LRA , which the U.S. State Department describes as "  vicious and cult-like , " is known for its unpredictable behavior . Local villagers and international human rights groups have accused the rebels of committing widespread abuses , including recruiting young boys and girls as soldiers and sex slaves . In October 2005 , the International Criminal Court unsealed arrest warrants for five LRA commanders , including Kony , who is alleged to have "  ordered LRA forces to begin a campaign of attacks against civilians in Uganda " in 2002 , according to the court . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Aid group and Congolese government accuse rebels of massacring 400 civilians Groups accuse Ugandan-based Lord 's Resistance Army rebels over deaths They blame rebels for attacking Xmas day concert sponsored by church
Former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo has said more could be done to reach out to the militant Islamist group Boko Haram to find out what leads it to carry out acts of violence . In an interview with CNN , Obasanjo suggested the current government should adopt a dual-track approach rather than just cracking down on the group . Read more : Gunmen attack Nigerian police station , kill 4 "  To deal with a group like that , you need a carrot and stick . The carrot is finding out how to reach out to them , " he said . "  When you try to reach out to them and they are not amenable to being reached out to , you have to use the stick . " Obasanjo said President Goodluck Jonathan was "  just using the stick " in his efforts . "  He 's doing one aspect of it well , but the other aspect must not be forgotten . " Read more : Nigerian forces kill 13 Boko Haram militants after church attacks The Islamist militants , who operate chiefly in Nigeria 's restive north , have carried out numerous deadly attacks on mosques , churches and businesses and are suspected of having links to al Qaeda . Obasanjo said he had tried to reach out to Boko Haram about a year and a half ago through a lawyer who was acting as the group 's proxy , and had asked if they had external backing . The lawyer told him that the group was receiving support from other Nigerians who have resources overseas or "  other organizations from abroad , " Obasanjo said . Read more : 22 killed in three attacks in Nigeria "  If they had 25 % support a year and a half ago , today that support has doubled , " the former president said . Analysts suggest that reaching out to Boko Haram may be increasingly difficult because the group has split into different factions , some with a domestic focus and others with a more pan-jihadi approach . Resolving the issue is key to Nigeria 's progress , according to Obasanjo , who now heads an eponymous foundation that is working to promote human security across Africa . "  Boko Haram undermines security , and anything that undermines security undermines development , undermines education , undermines health , undermines agriculture and food and nutrition security , " he said . International rights group Human Rights Watch says Boko Haram has killed more than 2,800 people . Read more : Boko Haram terror designation plan misses point In a report published late last year , Amnesty International condemned the increasingly brutal attacks carried out by Boko Haram since 2009 , but said Nigeria 's security forces "  have perpetrated serious human rights violations " in response . A military spokesman rejected the allegations . The militant group , whose name means "  Western education is forbidden , " is fighting to impose a strict version of Sharia law in the northern part of the country . In the past , the group attacked other Muslims it felt were on an immoral path , but it has increasingly killed Christians . The U.S. State Department has accused Boko Haram of attacking mosques and churches to incite tensions between the two religious groups , hoping to drive a wedge between them . It has condemned some of the group 's leaders for alleged ties to al Qaeda . Nigeria has almost equal numbers of Christian and Muslims , with the south predominantly Christian . Boko Haram and other Muslim groups say the north has been starved of resources and marginalized by the government of Jonathan , a Christian . Report : Nigeria guilty of abuses in pursuing Boko Haram militants However , despite the ongoing challenges the country faces , Obasanjo said he does not foresee Nigeria ever splitting in two , into north and south . "  We in Nigeria now know that it would cost us much more to break up than it will cost us to come together , " he said .	"  To deal with a group like that , you need a carrot and stick , " Olusegun Obasanjo says The militants , who 've attacked churches and mosques , operate chiefly in Nigeria 's restive north They undermine development , education , health , and food and nutrition security , Obasanjo says The former president rejects any idea of a split between the country 's north and south
For a company that has n't attended CES since 1992 , Apple dominates the show . You ca n't walk more than a dozen feet here at the Las Vegas Convention Center without seeing an iGadget or iAccessory of some kind . Apple 's overwhelming presence by proxy is impressive , and underscores the immense place the company occupies in the consumer electronics sector . Of the 3,000 or so exhibitors here at CES , nearly 500 reside in the iLounge pavilion , a section dedicated specifically to Apple-related products . And then there are the hundreds of audio , automotive , health , gaming , and accessory companies hawking iOS and Mac peripherals . There are more iPhone and iPad adaptors , docks and dongles than you could possibly imagine . Vendors are showing off iPad camera rigs , solar-powered Mac batteries and even an iPhone-connected plant sensor . And then there 's the sea of bedazzled and bedecked iPhone and iPad cases . The biggest reason for this is , of course , Apple 's dominating presence in the consumer electronic space . It 's a lot easier for startups and established players alike to ride Apple 's coattails than those of , say , Google or Microsoft . "  We know that Apple is doing well , " said Howard Cheng , Just Mobile 's director of operations . "  We know that it 's better to make Apple products than anything else . " Another advantage to going down the iRoute is Apple 's tight focus on a few products and form factors . It 's far easier to tailor accessories to Apple than anyone else . "  Accessory makers can reach virtually the entire installed base of iPhone , iPad , and iPod touch owners with two products , determined by the connector , " the 30 pin or Lightning , said Charles Govin , an industry analyst with Forrester . "  Similarly , a case maker must create many SKUs for the Android market , but essentially only three  iPhone 3G , 4 , and 5  for the entire iPhone market . " The relative ease with which companies can develop peripherals for Apple is made all the more appealing by the fact Apple customers have proven themselves only too happy to shell out money to accessorize their iDevices . "  Apple owners have a demonstrated willingness to spend for accessories , cases , and other customizations , " Govin said . "  Essentially , the potential return on investment is more promising for Apple-related products . " CES also shows just how willing people are to build on Apple 's iconic "  i " branding . There 's iLounge , iBattz , iSkin , iConnectivity , iPort and even iCat all within a few feet of each other on the show floor . Spend five minutes walking the floor and it becomes clear there 's no need for Apple to be here . Hundreds of companies are only too happy to carry Cupertino 's banner . Apple 's presence here has grown rapidly . In the three years since the iLounge Pavilion launched , the space has quadrupled to 120,000 square feet , all but taking over an entire hall and pushing the automotive industry into another space . But does anyone wish Apple were actually here ? Not really . "  I do n't care , " said Raymond Meng , president of iSmartAlarm . His company is releasing an iPhone-controlled home alarm system , which Meng says was inspired by the burglary of Steve Jobs ' house this summer . Meng said that it does n't matter that Apple is n't at CES with a booth or keynote , because CES is already the most successful and popular show for companies like his . Cheng , from Just Mobile , agrees . "  At this point , I do n't think Apple needs to be here , " he said . "  They have their own events and that works for them . " Just Mobile already has eight products in the Apple Store and uses CES to expand into the international market and meet clients . As for meetings with Apple , "  We visit them at their campus , " Cheng said . Of course , CES could be a much hotter destination if it had the hottest tech company involved . With Microsoft dropping out , CES is losing even more of its sizzle . But the CEA , the organization that puts on the show , says that Apple skipping out is n't a big deal . "  Apple is a CEA member . It 's just there prerogative to not exhibit and they 've found it more cost effective to host their own events , " CEA spokeswoman Danielle Cassagnol said . "  They 've never keynoted or exhibited at CES , so them not being here is n't really a loss for us . " That 's not entirely true , since Apple did introduce the Newton at CES in 1992 , but perhaps the CEA wants to forget this fact . But the fact remains that Apple and its products are the widely seen , and discussed , at CES . It 's here , even if it is n't . "  They have employees that attend the show , so in that way , Apple sort of is here , " Cassognal said . Follow : Wired 's live coverage of CES Follow : CNN Tech 's live coverage of CES	Absent from Consumer Electronics Show , Apple still is a major presence Five hundred exhibitors are in the "  iLounge Pavilion " for Apple accessory makers One reason ? Apple customers have shown they 're willing to spend for extras Apple has n't attended since 1992 ; Microsoft dropped out last year
Staring out over Iceland 's Svinafellsjokull glacier , a cruel , frozen landscape of white ice broken by blue crevasses , it 's easy to imagine myself in some distant world on the other side of the universe . It 's bleak and cold , but beautiful in an otherworldly way . This is the stand-in for an alien world that director Christopher Nolan used for his doom-laden new movie "  Interstellar , " instead of spending squillions on CGI backdrops . In the film -- released by Warner Bros , which like CNN is owned by TimeWarner -- astronauts played by Matthew McConaughey and Anne Hathaway plunge through a space wormhole in search of an alternative to a dying Earth . While the plot might be baffling , if some reviews are to be believed , the reason for choosing Svinafellsjokull is n't . Forged by harsh winters and angry volcanic forces , it 's like nowhere else I 've seen on Earth -- cinematic . The same can be said for many other locations in Iceland , which is why the country 's become a go-to destination for a slew of sci-fi directors . Hostile planet Svinafellsjokull does n't have a lengthy role in "  Interstellar , " but it 's featured strongly in posters and trailer scenes showing McConaughey walking across a hostile , wintry terrain . It looks so incredible , I wanted to see it for myself . Reaching Svinafellsjokull is easier than blasting through an intergalactic breach , but only just . What should be a five-hour drive along the southern stretch of Iceland 's Highway 1 -- for most parts a two-lane blacktop that loops from Reykjavik around the country 's perimeter -- is made longer by frequent stops for slack-jawed gawping at mind-boggling scenery . There are snow-capped volcanoes , plunging waterfalls , terrible cliffs and bizarre petrified landscapes coated with lurid green moss . At one point the road crosses a broad , featureless lava field whose pitch-dark terrain is only rendered distinguishable from the highway by painted white lines . I arrive at the glacier as night falls and spend the night at the Hotel Skaftafell  Skaftafelli 2 Freysnesi , 785 Orafi ; +3544781945  , an unfussy but welcoming stop in the bleak shadow of the ice field that 's equipped with an excellent restaurant and talented wait staff . The hotel was used as a watering hole for the "  Interstellar " crew in September 2013 , but if the receptionist at the front desk was left starstruck by the celebs passing through its sliding doors , she is n't letting on . "  We 've had lots of them , " she says dismissively . "  They 're always filming here . " Jagged world Daylight arrives after 9 a.m. -- it 's late October -- and brings with it views of clouded mountains . A weak sun pushes its way over the southern horizon and the temperature hovers a couple of notches above freezing . At a nearby hut operated by Icelandic Mountain Guides , I join a small group embarking on a hiking tour of the glacier . We 're kitted out with crampons and ice axes . Our guide , Tomas , gives us a rudimentary lesson in staying upright on the ice . "  Walk like a cowboy , not a ballerina , " he advises , chiefly to ensure we do n't impale ourselves on our own spikes , but also for better balance . And then we 're let loose on the glacier . Svinafellsjokull lies at the foot of Vatnajokull , said to be the largest glacier outside of polar regions . Awestruck by the sheer bombast of the jagged world stretching ahead of us , we 're silent at first . The only sounds are our crampons scraping the ice and winds howling higher up the mountain . I 'm by no means alone -- there are eight of us in our group , plus another huddled about half a mile away -- but looking out over this huge , empty expanse of vicious ridges stretching up to Vatnajokull , there 's a daunting sense of being a long way from home . Before we get too overwhelmed , Tomas leads us up and down the great folds in the ice to the brink of yawning crevasses where glassy , blue ice plunges to unknown depths . To gauge one , he hurls down a boulder and we listen to it clatter against the fissure 's walls . It 's a long way down . Tomas says the glacier is advancing up to 65 meters  213 feet  per year , although summer temperatures melt back two-thirds of that advance . Friction as the massive weight of ice creeps forward over the rocks below causes new crevasses to open up and old ones to close . Higher up the hillside , where the ice began its journey about 200 years ago , it can reach depths of up to a kilometer . The size of the fissures there make the higher reaches impassable on foot . Frozen carcasses Tomas tells us of farmers who lost sheep to holes in the ice , only to recover them as "  frozen meals " when the glacier spat them years later . There 's also a tragic , true story about two British scientists who went missing on the mountain above during an expedition in the 1950s . Decades later , what is believed to be their equipment emerged from the ice and is now on display in the glacier 's visitor center . "  If you drop your iPhone here , you can probably come back and get in 20 years , " says Tomas . "  There 's a saying : whatever the ice takes , it always gives back . " With these tales ringing in our ears , he takes us down into a moulin -- a smooth-sided tunnel carved through the ice by meltwaters that 's as beautiful as it is claustrophobic . Then we 're back out on the open ice , tramping on metal claws across the glistening geological maze that stretches away all around us . On our way back to firmer soil , Tomas shows us the icy expanse where the 350-strong cast and crew of "  Interstellar " spent two weeks filming . "  They booked the whole glacier right at the height of the season , " he says . "  They built their own road to drive vehicles onto the glacier and even brought a spaceship . " Today there 's no sign they were ever here . Any trace of their presence has long since been swallowed by the advancing ice . Lost , in space . Lights , camera , Iceland It 's not just "  Interstellar . " Here are some of the other recent films that have used Iceland to double for fictional realms . "  Prometheus " Ridley Scott 's pompous "  Aliens " prequel may have failed to live up to the hype , but that was n't Iceland 's fault . The country 's glowering landscape was used as a stand-in for a prehistoric Earth visited by a pallid alien creature clad only in underpants . Among key locations was Detifoss , a thundering waterfall at the far north of the Vatnajokull National Park . "  Game of Thrones " There are n't many good-looking locations in Europe that have n't been plundered by this beard-heavy TV show about squabbling nobility , so little surprise Iceland has been featured . Hverfjall volcano , close to northern Iceland 's Lake Myvatin , has cropped up in the long-running series , portraying the wintry land of Westeros . The southwestern Thingvellir National Park and the northern Godafoss waterfall have also made appearances . "  Batman Begins " "  Interstellar " director Christopher Nolan is a return visitor to Iceland . His 2005 reboot of the caped crusader series , "  Batman Begins , " brought him to Jokulsarlon , a breathtakingly beautiful glacial lagoon to the east of Svinafellsjokull that can be visited on the same day . There are daily boat trips among the lagoon 's stunning blue icebergs to watch seals hunting for fish . Two Bond movies -- "  Die Another Day " and "  A View to A Kill " -- had parts filmed here , as did "  Tomb Raider . " "  Noah " Not even "  Noah " star Russell Crowe could chew the scenery in Iceland , which is possibly why director Darren Aronofsky filmed his recent biblical epic here . The tale of flood and salvation used the dramatic basalt scenery of Reynisdrangar and Dyrholaey near the town of Vik -- on the road to Svinafellsjokull -- to stand in for antediluvian Earth . Tours of Svinafellsjokull can be arranged through Icelandic Mountain Guides ; +3545879999	Iceland 's vast Svinafellsjokull glacier was used as film set for the new "  Interstellar " movie Svinafellsjokull lies at the foot of Vatnajokull , said to be the largest glacier outside of polar regions Ice at the foot of the glacier can be up to 200 years old
CNN  -- Former Germany coach Jurgen Klinsmann made his first public appearance as coach of the U.S. men 's soccer team , and immediately vowed to bring some style to the job . Klinsmann , who won the 1990 World Cup as a player and took the German national team to the semi-finals of the 2006 tournament , was announced as Bob Bradley 's replacement on Friday , 24-hours after the American was sacked . Monday saw the former striker , who enjoyed successful spells as a player at Tottenham Hotspur , Bayern Munich and Inter Milan , face the press for the first time as he set out his agenda for the national team . "  This is exciting , " he told reporters . "  One of my challenges will be to find a way to define how the U.S. represents its country and its style of play . " As well as defining a new style for the U.S. national team , Klinsmann promised to look far and wide to uncover new talent , delving into America 's soccer-crazy immigrant communities to unearth an American Lionel Messi . "  We need to dig into where to find more talent , " he said . "  Maybe we can find somebody kicking the ball around the street and develop him , but this will come with time . I hope we find a way to find a Lionel Messi in the United States . That would be awesome . " Klinsmann is no stranger to the country . The 47-year-old , who lives in California and has an American wife , was linked to the post on two previous occasions and has seen U.S. soccer grow up fast in recent years . "  You build on what was built before . Soccer in the USA has come a long way , " he said . "  The awareness is getting bigger and bigger . It 's growing . You ca n't stop soccer any more in the country ... It 's amazing to talk to foreign coaches about what 's happened in the USA . They admire how far soccer has come . " The new coach wo n't have long to get settled in to the job . His first match in charge will be a friendly against rivals Mexico on August 10 . The two last faced each other at the CONCACAF Gold Cup final in June . Despite going into a 2-0 lead , the U.S. lost 4-2 . It was Bradley 's last match as coach . "  I know already most of the players from watching them , " Klinsmann said . "  I spoke to five or six players over the weekend and I will call the rest tomorrow . "	Jurgen Klinsmann unveiled as U.S. national coach The former Germany coach replaced Bob Bradley Klinsmann lives in the U.S. and has an American wife Vowed to redefine America 's soccer style , and find the American Messi
Dearborn , Michigan  CNN  -- Muntaha Fleful slowly lifts her arm sleeves , and then her left pant leg . She turns her head toward the white wall and takes a deep breath . She ca n't look at her skin , scarred and chapped from the acid thrown on her during an attack by Islamist militia members in Baghdad . Even worse are the mental scars she lives with daily , as one of perhaps thousands of Iraqi refugees living in the Detroit suburb of Dearborn who suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder , known as PTSD . Despite the U.S. troop withdrawal from Iraq , refugees continue to flow into America . Many of them , officials say , have suffered primary and secondary trauma . Only a fraction of them seek treatment . Fleful , a Christian , was leaving her family 's Baghdad jewelry store with her nephew in 2004 when four masked men drove down the same road . They struck her with the car , and then proceeded to beat her . "  I was trying to unmask them , " she says . "  They dropped acid on my body . They tried to burn my face . My flesh was like meat . " An onlooker shot his Kalashnikov into the air to try and scare off the men . Before fleeing , they slashed Fleful 's stomach open and left her in the street to die . Felful received treatment in Iraq and moved to Jordan for several years . The doctors needed to remove her uterus because of complications from her stomach injury . She also had reconstruction on her leg and needed treatment for the acid burns . She was eventually resettled as a U.S. refugee in 2008 . But the memory of that day , she says while wrinkling a tissue in her hand , will stick with her forever . Her wounds are triggers bringing her back to that day in Baghdad . She relives every moment -- she sees the masks , and feels her skin burning . It is like living the attack all over again -- a classic symptom of PTSD . "  I felt like I was going crazy , " Fleful says , shaking her head . "  I used to close all the windows and have them locked all the time . I thought the workers from the restaurant upstairs were going to come down and rape me . " Fleful , now 46 , was diagnosed with PTSD last year when she was enrolled in a psychosocial rehabilitation program for victims of torture in Macomb , Michigan . The program is run by ACCESS , a community organization dedicated to empowering and enabling individuals and families in the Detroit area . Fleful 's story is similar to others who lived in Iraq throughout the war . For Christians , religious persecutions by Islamist militias were especially common , and the victims were forced to leave their homes . The transition into their new countries , including the United States , only exacerbated the PTSD symptoms . Fleful is one of an influx of Iraqi refugees and asylum seekers who have come to America . According to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services , America has resettled more than 2,500 Iraqis since March 31 this year alone . Dearborn is home to the largest Arab-American population in the country , many of them from Iraq . The exact number of Iraqis living in the United States is not clear . The statistic is fogged by the different classifications of foreigners -- asylum seekers , people who have been permanently resettled as refugees and those who are living illegally in the country . Wars prompt disturbing rise in refugees Haitham Safo , a lead therapist at ACCESS , says his group serves just over 300 clients , most of whom are Iraqi Chaldean Christians . Sixty clients suffered direct physical torture , he says , and are now dealing with severe PTSD . Their symptoms include nightmares , insomnia , intense anger , and poor concentration . Fleful says her most pressing symptom is insomnia . She started receiving medication to help her fall asleep , but she became too dependent on it . "  It became a problem , " she says . "  I am now trying to slowly go off of the medication . But it 's a process . " The 300 clients served by ACCESS are thought to be only a sliver of those suffering from PTSD in the Detroit area . In 2011 , Detroit and Wayne County experienced an influx of 3,500 new asylum seekers . The majority of those are Iraqi Chaldeans who are likely suffering mental and emotional effects of trauma . Many of them , however , do not seek services . "  There is a stigma of mental health in the Arab world , " Safo says . "  There are no such services in Iraq , because people there act like there is no mental health  issues  in Iraq . At ACCESS we try to help them find meaning for new life , new goals . " Husam Abdulkhaleq , program manager at the ACCESS rehabilitation center , says PTSD is more widespread than many realize -- that thousands are suffering and will continue to suffer as they are resettled in upcoming years . The next immediate concern for ACCESS , he says , will be the additional influx of refugees affected by the Syrian conflict . Ronald Munia , director of the division of refugee services at the federal Office of Refugee Resettlement , says his organization has consistently funded ACCESS over the past five years because it understands the need to address the demand for mental health services among the refugee population in Michigan . "  These people are facing challenges that normal Americans do not . They have been uprooted , and they did n't have a choice , " he says . Soccer helping young refugees find footing in U.S. ACCESS is now in its second year of funding of a three-year grant from ORR . They receive $ 175,000 for what ORR has dubbed an "  ethnic " grant . According to the ORR website , the grant ACCESS receives is designed to provide "  refugee populations with critical services to assist them in becoming integrated members of American society . " But in addition , ACCESS receives an additional $ 250,000 dedicated solely to helping survivors of torture like Fleful . For Fleful , daily life in Michigan is far removed from Iraq . She spends most of her days in the house , watching TV and preparing meals for herself . She does not work because she can not speak English and finds it difficult to interact with the community around her . She spends days , sometimes even weeks , alone . Her brother lives just a few miles down the road , she says , but she never sees him because he too is suffering from PTSD . "  I do n't want to hear about any more trauma or anyone else dying , " she says . "  It hurts too much . But I ca n't forget what happened to me . "	Muntaha Fleful was injured in a 2004 attack in Iraq Now in the United States , Fleful struggles with post-traumatic stress disorder Dearborn is home to the nation 's largest Arab-American population , including Iraqis A stigma surrounds seeking mental health treatment in the Arab world , a counselor says
CNN  -- Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is "  just about done " with the final phase of his reintegration , a military source with access to information on Bergdahl 's care told CNN . He is expected to be assigned shortly to a new Army unit , the official said . Any issue of leave would be up to that unit . Bergdahl , the U.S. soldier held captive for five years by militants before his release in May , has ventured several times off an Army base in Texas as part of the effort to get him used to everyday life in America , a military spokeswoman has said . His release on May 31 in exchange for five Taliban being held by the U.S. military has rankled some , including former members of his unit , who said he was a deserter who endangered colleagues searching for him . Yet while investigating circumstances surrounding his departure , the military has also said it 's focused on making sure Bergdahl gets better mentally and physically , so he can gradually readjust to normal life . Since being freed , Bergdahl has been carefully monitored at a military hospital in Landstuhl , Germany , and at his military home since June 13 , Joint Base San Antonio-Fort Sam Houston . He recently transitioned from inpatient care at Brooke Army Medical Center in Texas to outpatient care , the Army said on June 22 . Still , Bergdahl has hardly left the care of military health professionals . Members of his reintegration team escort him whenever he leaves base and interacts with the public , the Army spokeswoman said . His stops have included restaurants , a library , a supermarket and several stores of his choosing . Bergdahl went missing on June 30 , 2009 , in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion , 501st Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official who was briefed on the report . But there was no definitive conclusion Bergdahl was a deserter because that would require knowing his intent , something officials could n't learn without talking to him , a U.S. military official has said . How did six die after Bergdahl 's disappearance ? Who was swapped for Bergdahl ? Army general to start investigating how , why Bergdahl left base	Bowe Bergdahl is expected to be assigned shortly to a new Army unit He is now in outpatient care Bergdahl was released in exchange for five Taliban being held by the U.S.
CNN  -- The government of Lebanon cried out to the world for help Monday over the strain the civil war in neighboring Syria is putting on its country . It needs a record amount of cash . The exodus of people fleeing lives and homes ripped apart by bombs and bullets for the safety of Lebanon does not want to abate . Aid workers from 60 agencies need more money than ever to tackle the mounting humanitarian crisis . And the coffers are nearly empty . Next year 's budget is only 5 % funded so far , the United Nations says . The government in Beirut made an official plea for donations to help cover the $ 1.89 billion the U.N. thinks is needed . It reflects the growing multitude of refugees throughout the region and burgeoning budgets needed to fund their care . The U.N. said Monday that $ 6.5 billion , a record amount , will be needed next year to cover a projected 4 million Syrian civil war refugees and the communities they have flooded into . That is nearly double the 2,304,128 externally displaced people currently registered . One-fifth of the people living in Lebanon 's borders are now refugees from Syria 's war . That 's the official figure ; the real one could be much higher , as the U.N. count has typically not been able to keep up with the influx of people who have lost everything . Their impoverishment is straining resources for locals as well . Lebanese in trouble It is pushing many locals toward desperation in the nation , which is politically polarized between those who oppose Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and those who support him . Lebanese terror organization Hezbollah is fighting alongside his soldiers against rebels trying to topple him . The U.N. counts 842,500 registered Syrian war refugees in Lebanon , but hordes more are unregistered . The U.N. expects the official number to climb to 1.5 million next year . The same number of Lebanese will be in need of help , it says . Lebanon hosts 36 % of the refugees piling into countries in the region , and it 's a small country , with an official population of 4.4 million people , according to the World Bank . Nearly 1,600 refugee camps dot Israel 's northern neighbor , which is smaller than the state of Connecticut . A third of the registered displaced people live in substandard shelters , the U.N. says . Nearly 300,000 of the Syrian refugees in Lebanon are school-age children , and the U.N. expects the number to more than double in 2014 . The government and aid agencies are asking for money to provide food , education , sanitation , security , shelter and other needs .	NEW : Funding call to handle the entire refugee crisis breaks record as well One in five people in Lebanon are refugees from Syria 's war U.N. : 2014 's financial needs for Lebanon are only 5 % funded Nearly 1,600 refugee camps dot the country , which is smaller than the state of Connecticut
The Annual Report to the Nation on the Status of Cancer shows the U.S. is making progress in controlling some tumors , but rates of human papillomavirus-related cancers remain stubbornly high . Overall , the report shows lower cancer rates in the U.S. among all genders and racial and ethnic groups for the most common cancers , including lung , colon , anal , breast and prostate . But rates of HPV-related cancers , like cervical cancer , are elevated despite the fact that a vaccine exists to prevent the viral infection that can trigger the disease . "  It 's hard not to be happy that the death rates of these major cancers are going down , but I think the HPV issue is pressing . If you ca n't get individuals to get vaccinated because getting cancer is horrible , then there has to be an economic side to this because treating people with these cancers is expensive , " says Dr. Joanne Mortimer , director of the Women 's Cancer Program at the City of Hope cancer center in Los Angeles . "  I think the biggest challenge we face is figuring out a way to vaccinate individuals to prevent this . " TIME.com : Study hints at potential increased risk of cancer among 9/11 rescue workers The Food and Drug Administration approved the first vaccine against a cancer , Gardasil , which protects against the HPV strains that can trigger cervical cancer and genital warts , in 2006 . Shortly after approval , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  , which sets immunization guidelines , added the HPV vaccine to its lineup of recommended childhood vaccinations , proposing that girls ages 11 to 12 be immunized against the sexually transmitted HPV before they became sexually active . State health departments , which follow CDC guidelines , began mandating the shot for school entry , but parents balked . The so-called promiscuity vaccine , as they saw it , would only promote sexual activity and many refused to vaccinate their preteen children for a sexually transmitted disease .  Research shows that 's not case . In 2010 , only 48.7 % of girls ages 13 through 17 received at least one dose of the three-dose HPV vaccine  Cervarix joined Gardasil as the second HPV vaccine in 2009  , and only 32 % received all three recommended doses . Considering the U.S. government 's Healthy People 2020 target is 80 % vaccination among girls ages 13 to 15 for all three doses , those immunization rates are lagging . Comparatively , vaccination rates are much higher in Canada , the U.K. and Australia . The shots are effective at controlling the most common strains responsible for cervical cancer , and public-health officials still see the vaccine as a powerful weapon in keeping rates of this cancer down . Between 2000 and ' 09 , rates of HPV-associated cancers declined in all women except American Indians and Alaska Natives , among whom vaccination rates are lower . TIME.com : An experimental cervical cancer vaccine shows promise And the benefits of the anticancer vaccine are n't limited to girls . The same virus that contributes to cervical cancer can also lead to anal and oral cancers , which is why the CDC also recommends the shot for boys ages 11 to 12 years as well . "  It 's not unique to certain populations , and HPV infections are now across all demographics , and that is one reason we are seeing more anal cancers , " says Dr. Julian Sanchez , a colorectal-cancer surgeon at City of Hope . "  It 's not a topic that 's in the media very often . " That frustrates cancer experts and public-health officials since the HPV-related cancers are among the most preventable , with proper vaccination . But misconceptions about the vaccine and its potential side effects -- former presidential hopeful Michele Bachmann erroneously linked HPV to mental retardation -- and parental resistance to inoculating young children against a sexually transmitted virus make HPV vaccination a "  taboo " topic for many doctors . But that 's a hurdle that health providers have to overcome , say cancer experts , if they want to see the encouraging declines in cancer continue . "  Just as it is hard for some patients to talk about anal disease or their kids having sex , it 's equally hard for some providers to talk about it , " says Sanchez . "  I talk about it every day , and sometimes it is still difficult for me to approach some patients who I know have a degree of opposition to this type of conversation . " TIME.com : Gardasil : No serious health concerns linked with HPV vaccine The annual report is a collaboration between researchers at the CDC , the American Cancer Society , the National Cancer Institute , and the North American Association of Central Cancer Registries . Since 1998 , it has provided a robust picture of the state of cancer in the U.S. Unlike the case with HPV-related cancers , the report shows that from 2000 to ' 09 , cancer-death rates overall have been declining , dropping by 1.8 % per year among men , 1.4 % among women and 1.8 % among kids up to the age of 14 . For both men and women , the declines occurred among some of the most common cancers : lung , prostate , breast , colon and rectum , leukemia , and non-Hodgkin lymphoma . The cancers with rising death rates included skin , pancreatic and liver cancers for men , while women showed an elevated risk of dying from pancreatic , liver cancer and uterine cancers . TIME.com : Cancer and foggy thinking : Is chemotherapy really the cause ? The rates of new cancers in the same time period showed a more varied pattern . While men enjoyed an overall 0.6 % decrease per year on average of new diagnoses , the rates for women remained stable , while children showed a 0.6 % increase per year of new cancer cases . The decline for men was driven by fewer cases of prostate , lung , rectum , stomach and larynx cancers ; women showed some of the same drops , but these were offset by increases in thyroid , melanoma , kidney , pancreas , leukemia , liver and uterine cancers . "  Every time we get these reports we argue about whether the death rate decreases because we find so many of these cancers early and we overtreat certain cancers like breast cancer and prostate cancer , " says Mortimer . Overscreening and overtreating cancers have recently become a controversial public-health topic as new analyses question the extensive and repeated screening for certain cancers , like breast and prostate , in light of their potential complications and costs . In 2009 , the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force changed its recommendations for mammograms , advising women to wait until they are 50 years old , not 40 , to begin regular testing . In 2012 , the task force also advised men to skip routine screening for prostate cancer with the prostate-specific-antigen test altogether unless they have a history of the disease . TIME.com : Government panel recommends HPV vaccine for boys Experts hope that the good and bad news in the report will motivate Americans to remain vigilant about cancer 's risk factors , including smoking and too much sun exposure , while taking advantage of ways to protect themselves from tumors , like getting vaccinated against HPV . "  The report does a great job of raising this awareness to the public , showing that we are doing our job . But we still have more to do . Just as in other diseases where vaccination has eradicated some , we can still make strides in this disease as well , " says Sanchez . This story was originally published on TIME.com . Cancer rates dropping , but not for all tumor types	An annual report shows lower cancer rates for the most common cancers A vaccine against HPV strains that can trigger cancer was approved in 2006 In 2010 , only 32 % of girls 13 through 17 received all three vaccine doses Controversy about the vaccine means it can be a taboo topic for doctors
CNN  -- European Union foreign ministers on Monday imposed new sanctions on the Syrian regime , urging it to adopt a U.N.-backed peace plan that so far has failed to stop the mounting carnage . At the same time , effects of the Syrian conflict are being felt in neighboring Lebanon , where clashes have killed at least seven people near Tripoli . The EU ministers froze the assets of two firms and imposed a travel ban and asset freeze on three people believed to provide funding for the regime , the European Council announced . It is the 15th time the European Union has imposed restrictions on Syria since a popular uprising began there early last year . "  The continuing violence is appalling , " EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said Monday , adding that the sanctions are aimed at the regime and not the civilian population . "  As long as the repression continues , we will continue to put pressure on those responsible for it , " she said in Brussels . Inside Syria on Monday , regime forces suffered heavy casualties during clashes in Rastan , a city that has been pummeled by government forces , opposition activists said . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said it received "  preliminary information that three armored personnel carriers were destroyed and that at least 23 soldiers were killed . " Elsewhere in Syria , at least four people were killed Monday , said the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition network . The dead included a child struck by random gunfire from the regime 's army in Deir Ezzor , the LCC said . The group also posted reports of the military aiming mortars and heavy artillery at the Homs village of Al-Burnhanieh . The Syrian government on Monday reported four deaths , including a colonel and lieutenant colonel killed by "  armed terrorist groups " in Damascus and Daraa , according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency . CNN can not independently verify reports of deaths and violence because the Syrian government has severely restricted access by international media . The Syrian conflict is playing a role in clashes that broke out Sunday in neighboring Lebanon , where it has ignited historic divisions among residents of two Tripoli suburbs . The fighting in Lebanon pits residents of Bab al-Tebbaneh , a Sunni stronghold hostile to the Syrian regime , against Alawite residents of Jabal Mohsen , who support Syrian President and fellow Alawite Bashar al-Assad . At least seven people have been killed and 45 others hurt in the two days of fighting , Lebanon 's National News Agency reported Monday . Islamists in northern Lebanon , specifically Tripoli , have opposed the Syrian regime for decades . But as Syria strengthened its control over Lebanon in the 1990s , it also strengthened elements of the Alawite community , a Shiite offshoot , in the north . The fighting in the Tripoli suburbs is part of the legacy of Syrian intervention in northern Lebanon , according to Nadim Shehadi , associate fellow of the Middle East and North Africa program at the London think tank Chatham House . It was the arrest of Islamist activist Chadi Mawlawi that sparked the current fighting . One of his cousins says Mawlawi was supporting the Syrian rebels and trying to help Syrian refugees by providing shelter and food . Though the Lebanese government accuses Mawlawi of being an operative in an al Qaeda-inspired group -- something his relatives deny -- it may have been Mawlawi 's help to the refugees that got him in trouble . Helping Syrian refugees puts the Lebanese government in a difficult position as it tries to stay out of the Syrian conflict , Shehadi told CNN . "  The Lebanese government 's aim is to maintain neutrality and avoid spillover from Syria to Lebanon , but that 's an impossible objective to attain because if you help the refugees , you 're supporting the revolution , and if you do n't help the revolution , you 're supporting the regime . So in both cases , neutrality is impossible to maintain , " Shehadi said . A team of U.N. monitors is in Syria to see how well both sides are implementing a six-point peace plan brokered by former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan . Annan said last week that the observers are the last hope for success of the plan , which involves a cease-fire by all parties and the withdrawal of Syrian forces from populated areas . Since the cease-fire went into effect on April 12 , the fighting and killing have continued , with the LCC reporting more than 1,000 deaths in the intervening weeks . The United Nations estimates that at least 9,000 people have died in the 14-month crisis , while opposition groups put the death toll at more than 11,000 . Despite the ongoing chaos , Syrian state-run media announced that results from recent parliamentary elections will be announced Tuesday . More than 7,000 candidates vied for 250 parliamentary seats . But members of the opposition had urged Syrians to boycott the elections , saying a vote for any of the candidates amounted to a vote for al-Assad , whose family has ruled the country for 42 years . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Laura Perez Maestro and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Opposition : At least 23 regime soldiers were killed Monday in clashes at Rastan The Syrian government reports 4 deaths , including two army officers Rastan has been pummeled by government attacks , an opposition group says Report : Clashes continue between pro- and anti-Assad factions within Lebanon
More than five years after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers and the beginning of the most severe economic downturn since the Great Depression , lawmakers should ask themselves whether they have done enough to reduce the risk of another financial crisis . In our view , the answer is no . The chances of another financial crisis will remain unacceptably high as long as there are financial institutions that are "  too big to fail " -- entities that are deemed so important to the overall health and functioning of the markets that their collapse would bring down the entire financial system . But over five years after the crash , the big banks are more concentrated and more interconnected and their appetite for excessively risky behavior is unchanged . The biggest banks are substantially bigger than they were in 2008 . In fact , the five biggest banks now control more than half the nation 's total banking assets . Despite a marked increase in banks ' overall stability since 2008 , the risk of systemic failure continues to exist . In 2012 , JPMorgan Chase suffered a $ 6.2 billion loss because of the so-called "  London Whale " trades . The bank 's senior management , board of directors , and internal risk controls failed to stem the rapidly expanding losses . In its settlement with federal regulators , the bank admitted wrongdoing and acknowledged that there were severe problems with its internal controls . That episode was yet another reminder that banks continue to engage in risky conduct and that regulators continue to lack the tools and willingness to stop such conduct before it happens . That 's why we co-sponsored the 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act . The Act , which we first introduced a year ago last week , would separate traditional banks that offer checking and savings accounts from riskier financial services , such as investment banking and swaps dealing . It would encourage financial institutions to shrink to manageable sizes and eliminate their ability to rely on federal depository insurance as a backstop for high-risk activities . It would make banks smaller and less complex . This proactive , structural approach to reducing bank risk should be far preferable to risk-management through over-regulation . Although a new Glass-Steagall Act would not resolve the "  too big to fail " problem entirely , reinstating and strengthening the wall between federally insured commercial banks and investment banks would discourage the largest financial institutions from exploiting regulatory loopholes in order to take excessive risks at taxpayer expense . Congress should not wait until the next crisis to address the "  too big to fail " problem . Nor should it wait any longer in the hopes that regulators will end this phenomenon themselves . It 's been four years since Congress passed , and rulemaking began on , the Dodd-Frank Act . The regulators have so far missed more than half of their statutory rule-making deadlines and many rules remain unwritten . Congress must step in . We owe the American people as much . The real cost of the financial crisis was borne , and is still being borne , by the men , women , families , small businesses , and communities in America -- American taxpayers . A report by the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas estimated that the financial crisis cost us as much as $ 14 trillion . That 's $ 120,000 for every American household -- more than two years ' worth of income for the average family . The big Wall Street banks continue to hum along as they did before the crisis -- too big to fail and , in many cases , potentially exposing the economy to the risk of systemic failure . That would , needless to say , be devastating . Which leads to the last question lawmakers should ask themselves : More than five years later , with another financial crisis a very real possibility , why is n't this a more urgent issue ? We urge our colleagues to support our bill .	Senators : We still have banks that are "  too big to fail , " threatening another crash Senators want updated Glass-Steagall Act to scale back huge financial institutions They say new act would separate traditional banks from riskier financial services Senators : American taxpayers are still paying the price of saving "  too big to fail " banks
London , England  CNN  -- Union officials were going to court Thursday in London to try to stop British Airways from imposing contractual changes on its 14,000-member cabin crew . The Unite union said it wants the High Court to issue an injunction against the British carrier to stop "  unfair and unworkable " changes to cabin crew contracts . It was unclear when the court would rule in the case . Among the changes BA wants to impose is a reduction in the number of crew members on flights , Unite said . BA plans to impose the changes starting November 16 , according to Unite . Thursday 's court action is separate from union plans to ballot its members about whether to strike over the Christmas holiday period , a Unite spokeswoman said . Unite still plans to hold the strike ballot , possibly as early as next week , regardless of how the High Court rules , she said . The contractual changes are part of the strike ballot , but other issues include jobs and pay , she said .	Union Unite says it is taking British Airways to court over working changes BA wants to impose is a reduction in the number of crew members on flights BA plans to impose the changes starting November 16 , according to Unite
Ottawa , Canada  CNN  -- A Canadian air force colonel and pilot who was entrusted with flying Queen Elizabeth across Canada has pleaded guilty to charges of murder , rape and dozens of sexually motivated break-ins . Police say Col. Russell Williams confessed that he murdered two women , sexually assaulted two others , and broke into dozens of homes in search of women 's lingerie . He was arrested in February after being pulled over at a police roadblock near the home of Jessica Lloyd , one of his murder victims . He pleaded guilty in an Ontario courtroom on Monday , sparing victims and their families weeks of gruesome testimony . The country is now bracing for victims ' impact statements during the sentencing phase . Lurid details of how the colonel video-recorded and photographed his victims and saved this evidence as "  trophies " are expected to be aired . A portrait of Williams as a merciless sexual predator is beginning to emerge . Many are wondering how a man trusted with the country 's most sensitive military secrets could have , for so long , kept so many secrets of his own . "  Down deep it 's still hard to believe it , that it 's the same guy . But we 've accepted it . It does n't make any sense at all for those that knew him , " said George White , a neighbor and friend of Williams for 14 years . "  I think there 's two personalities there , " added White , who said that the colonel kept many details of his life to himself but was always very friendly and a good companion . He described a man who was an avid fisherman and jogger , and someone who was the consummate professional at work . But White said that in hindsight it was strange that Williams never spoke of his family or his past . "  He was extremely secretive . We never knew anything about his family till after the fact . He never divulged anything . But that 's all in hindsight , of course , " he said in an interview with CNN . Williams divided his time between his home in Ottawa and a country cottage in southern Ontario , both of which he shared with his wife , Mary-Elizabeth Harriman . In legal evidence filed as part of a civil suit , Mary-Elizabeth Harriman said she had no idea of the crimes her husband had committed and described herself as being devastated by what she had learned . White said he took the time to write her on behalf of their mutual friends . "  I sent Mary-Elizabeth a letter , a letter on behalf of our small group that sat together every evening for coffee and that . I sent her a letter , explained that we were her friends , we were there to stand by her , " he said . "  Never heard back from her . " No one seems to have had any idea that the colonel was leading a double life . For many , to try to figure out what could have triggered such a deadly spree of sexual attacks has been a nagging mystery . Most troubling for victims and their families is the great lengths police say Williams went to to preserve the video , pictures and mementos from his crimes . It seems to have been a consuming obsession for the highly decorated military commander . Police say dozens of these "  trophies , " along with other souvenirs of his crimes , were hidden and even catalogued in his upscale Ottawa home . Despite his confession , Williams has so far given no indication as to what could have driven him to such bizarre and cruel behavior . Victims were subjected to hours of sexual torture and made to pose for video and photographs , usually while blindfolded and bound . "  Unanswered questions : How , why , when , where , everything , " said White , who added that despite Williams ' guilty plea , "  I 'm sure we 'll never know . "	Former Canadian air force colonel pleads guilty to murders and sexual assaults Police say he kept videos and photos of his victims A friend says "  it 's still hard to believe it ... but we 've accepted it "
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama will sign sweeping health care reform legislation into law at the White House on Tuesday , according to two Democratic officials familiar with the planning . Obama also will hit the road to sell the measure to a still-skeptical public , giving a speech Thursday in Iowa City , Iowa , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said . Obama launched his grass-roots drive for health care reform in Iowa City in May 2007 , according to Gibbs . The bill , which constitutes the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees in more than four decades , passed the House of Representatives late Sunday night with no Republican support . It was approved by the Senate in December . A separate compromise package of changes also passed the House on Sunday and still needs to be approved by the Senate . The officials noted that the Senate can not begin debate on the package before Obama signs the underlying bill into law . Passage of the bill was a huge boost for Obama , who made health care reform a domestic priority . Aides said Monday that Obama exchanged handshakes , hugs and "  high-fives " with staffers when the outcome of the House vote became apparent . "  I have n't seen the president so happy about anything other than his family since I 've known him , " said senior adviser David Axelrod , adding that Obama 's jubilation Sunday night exceeded his election victory in November 2008 . "  He was excited that night , but not like last night . " Republicans promised to continue fighting the reforms , with 11 state attorneys general -- all Republican -- planning lawsuits challenging the constitutionality of the bill 's mandate for people to buy health insurance and requirements for states to comply with its provisions . Senior Republicans in Congress warned that voters will judge Democrats harshly in November 's midterm elections , with Sen. John McCain of Arizona saying the Democratic-passed bill killed any chance of bipartisan support on legislation for the rest of the year . "  There will be no cooperation for the rest of this year , " McCain said in an interview with KFYI radio in Arizona . "  They have poisoned the well in what they have done and how they have done it . " Highlights of what 's in the bill White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs , however , said the administration expects to win any lawsuits filed against the bill , and he challenged McCain and other Republicans to campaign for the November election against benefits of the health care bill such as tax credits for small businesses and an end to insurance company practices such as denying coverage for pre-existing conditions . The overall $ 940 billion plan is projected to extend insurance coverage to roughly 32 million additional Americans . Most Americans will now be required to have health insurance or pay a fine . Larger employers will be required to provide coverage or risk financial penalties . Lifetime coverage limits will be banned , and insurers will be barred from denying coverage based on gender or pre-existing conditions . The compromise package would add to the bill 's total cost partly by expanding insurance subsidies for middle - and lower-income families . The measure would scale back the bill 's taxes on expensive insurance plans . House Democrats are expected to celebrate passage of the bill at a news conference with reform advocates Tuesday afternoon . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who spearheaded her husband 's failed health reform effort in the 1990s , said earlier in the day that Obama 's success was an example of the president 's tenacity . "  If you ever doubt the resolve of President Obama to stay with a job , look at what we got done for the United States last night when it came to passing quality affordable health care for everyone , " Clinton said during a speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee . Was it all worth it for Obama ? Observers warn , however , that the road ahead for health care reform in the Senate may be rocky . Democratic leaders are using a legislative maneuver called reconciliation , which will allow the compromise plan to clear the Senate with a simple majority of 51 votes . But according to Senate rules , members are still allowed to offer unlimited amendments and challenges . In one of the first of many attempts Republicans say they will make to try to amend or kill the package , GOP aides went to Senate Parliamentarian Alan Frumin on Monday to argue that the compromise bill violates rules of the reconciliation process because of the way it affects Social Security . For that reason , GOP aides said they argued , the bill should not even be allowed to be debated . However , Frumin , according to a senior Republican and a Democratic aide , informed both parties he disagreed with the GOP assessment , and would not block the bill from reaching the Senate floor . "  There 's hope that -LSB- the vote -RSB- would be done within a short period of time , like a week or so , " said Tim McBride , a health economist and associate dean of public health at the Brown School at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri . "  But the Senate is complicated and does n't have the discipline that the House does . " Once the package hits the Senate floor , the chamber 's rules stipulate that there must be 20 hours of debate . But that 20 hours may prove to be more of a suggestion than an indicator of what will happen , according to Cheryl Block , a law professor at Washington University 's School of Law . "  It could get all messy and could go on forever if -LSB- Republicans -RSB- threw up amendment after amendment , " Block said . "  Theoretically , it should only take 20 hours , but it will likely take longer because Republicans have things up their sleeve . " If any provision in the package of changes is rejected or changed , the entire package would then have to go back to the House for another vote . iReport : Share your views on health care reform House Democrats unhappy with the Senate bill have been continually reassured that the compromise package will be approved by the more conservative Senate . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , presented a letter to House Democrats on Saturday stating that their Senate counterparts "  believe that health insurance reform can not wait and must not be obstructed . " So far , two of the 59 senators in the Democratic caucus , Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas , have said they will oppose the compromise package . CNN 's Ed Henry , Ed Hornick , Josh Levs , Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Obama to travel to Iowa to continue sales pitch to still-skeptical public President to sign bill on Tuesday ; House Dems , reform advocates plan celebration Package of changes to bill still needs Senate approval ; GOP could delay it there $ 940 billion health care reform bill heads to president 's desk to be signed into law
CNN  Their eyes reflect childhoods marked by tragedy . Their faces show wrinkles made deeper by pain and the passage of time . Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s and forced to live thousands of miles away in Siberia . "  For me those faces are like maps , " Lazar said . "  The more you look at them , the more you are discovering . " Soviet authorities invaded Poland during World War II and deported hundreds of thousands of Poles . Some were sent to prison camps in the frozen wilderness of central Russia . Many were children . In effect , Moscow stole much of an entire generation of young Poles , a handful of whom Lazar has located seven decades later . During Lazar 's interviews , many of the survivors broke down in tears . "  It was very traumatic for them , " he said . "  Some lost mothers , fathers , brothers , sisters -- killed by the Soviets . " Lazar remembers hearing 84-year-old Boguslaw Dokurno recall his grandfather 's dying wish . Dokurno 's grandfather asked his grandson to return home to Poland after his death to retrieve Polish soil and bring it back to his Siberian gravesite . Another exile , Sofia Bocian , told Lazar how her brother escaped their prison camp , leaving her with the horrifying experience of being interrogated by Soviet secret police . Lazar began his professional photography career in 2006 after fully realizing the medium 's storytelling power . "  For me when you 're doing photography -- whether it 's conventional journalism or other types -- you want to share something with people , " he said . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Lazar said the interviews surprised him . Despite his subjects ' traumatic experiences , "  they welcomed me with open arms , " he recalled . "  They really wanted to share their stories . " Fearing for their safety , they could n't tell their stories publicly until the fall of the Soviet Union . Now that they 're in their 80s , time is running out for them to document their struggles . Look at Lazar 's images . The faces fill each frame . Each portrait is unique . Before taking each photo , he waited "  for the moment when they really started going inside themselves , " he said . "  Those people are really strong in their souls . " Their stories should be documented for history , he said , to remind future generations "  not to make the same mistakes . " Tomasz Lazar is a Polish photographer . You can follow him on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .	The Soviets invaded Poland in World War II and deported hundreds of thousands of people Tomasz Lazar photographed some of these Poles and listened to their stories
LONDON , England  CNN  -- From bedroom creators to big studios , hand-drawn to CGI , animation has charmed and entertained children -- and , increasingly , adults -- for many years . The Screening Room went to Annecy in France to discover the secrets of success in animated films ... Annecy has hailed animators like director Tim Burton , seen here receiving a special award at Annecy in 2006 . Annecy is the Cannes of animation . The French town , which lies close to the Swiss border just 40 kilometers  25 miles  from Geneva , has hosted the International Animated Film Festival for almost half a century and attracts a younger crowd than many of the major film festivals . With prizes for long and short features , television and student animation , Annecy highlights a wide variety of different types of animation and budgets . One veteran of Annecy is Craig Decker , known as worldwide cult figure "  Spike " and co-founder of "  Spike and Mike 's Sick & Twisted Festival of Animation . " Beginning 30 years ago as a means of bringing independent animation to new audiences , the touring festival was instrumental in showcasing the early works of legendary animators such as Tim Burton , Pixar 's John Lasseter and Aardman 's Nick Park , as well as the first episode of "  Beavis and Butthead . " Spike explained to CNN the challenge of getting animation taken seriously . He said , "  Originally we had to deal with the stigma . We showed great films like National Film Board of Canada -LSB- pieces -RSB- , or "  Tin Toy " by John Lasseter , works of art , masterpieces that take two to three years to make , and we had to deal with , ` What is it ? Cartoons like Bugs Bunny or something like that ? ' And over the years we 've educated the public , and we 've put animation in the context of a very cool thing -LSB- with -RSB- a young , hip , adult audience of 18 and over . " Stop-motion classics One of Spike and Mike 's biggest fans , Nick Park , won the Annecy award for Best TV Animation with "  Shaun the Sheep , " a spin-off from "  A Close Shave , " one of Aardman 's famous Wallace and Gromit short features that grabbed an Oscar . Stop-motion is also close to the heart of director Tim Burton , who employed the technique on "  Corpse Bride " and "  The Nightmare Before Christmas . " He said , "  Because it 's such an old-fashioned technique , a lot of it truly has to do with finding the right group of animators , the right group of people to build the puppets , because a lot of things are being done by computer now . Very few people are doing this style of animation . " Allison Abbate , a producer on "  Corpse Bride , " added , "  Stop motion is an age-old process as far as animation in film-making goes . It has n't really changed since the days of King Kong - we used new technology in ` Corpse Bride ' to bring it into a new century . " Appropriate animation "  I think there 's room for all types of animation , " she continued . "  It depends on the story . The story should really decide how you tell it . I think there are stories that are better made in 2-D and CGI and that 's what you 'd go for . " 2-D animation is the mainstay of Japanese anime - a subject so vast it will command its own feature in a subsequent edition of the Screening Room . The film "  Paprika " has won worldwide critical praise during the past year as a sophisticated example of the art , whose keenest supporters are sometimes contemptuous of their Hollywood animation counterparts . Asia is becoming an increasingly powerful force in animation , where companies who traditionally provided a cheap source of labor for animation studios are now using their skills to take a leading role in the creative process . UTV Toons is one of several Indian companies forming partnerships with big U.S. production houses to make new animated features . Combination of skills Animation requires a combination of several skills , as producer Allison Abbate explained . She told CNN that animators face many complex challenges . "  Animators have to know how to move things , how things work anatomically in a space , but they also have to know how to act , how to emote and that is what makes animation so different from live action . It is so crafted , one frame at a time . " But Spike points out that the rewards animation promises can be very high . "  Obviously in features , look at the most successful films , " he told CNN . "  They 're nearly all animated Pixar pieces or , if it 's live action , it 's the special effects animation that carries the film . " And the future ? Spike believes animation is going mobile . He said , "  Internationally , what 's exciting is with new media : with digital ; with broadband ; with mobile phones . That 's where we 're going with our stuff . " E-mail to a friend	The International Animated Film Festival in Annecy is the Cannes of animation Festival highlights the best in animation , from student work to studio shorts Experts say the future of animation is on mobile devices
