Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- Dmitry Medvedev made a strong pitch for foreign investment in Russia Wednesday as he gave his first special address as Russia 's prime minister at the World Economic Forum in Davos . He painted a picture of a strong economy that is open to those who are "  ready to be partners " and invest in Russia . Follow the action live on CNN.com This year Davos , a picturesque Swiss ski resort , is hosting nearly 40 world leaders and more than 2,000 executives . The world 's top policymakers gather annually to discuss global issues , and are this time meeting under the banner of "  resilient dynamism . " Medvedev sought to position himself as a reformer in a country that is moving determinedly forward . "  Russia is an open country , whatever they might think or say , " he said , referring to critics of its record on corruption and governance issues . Russia 's unemployment rate , at a little over 5 % , is the lowest among developed countries , he said , and it also has an extremely low level of foreign debt . Quest : U.S. economy to dominate Davos "  We need to see investment growing by 10 % annually , " he said . "  Therefore we are interested in attracting large-scale foreign investment . " That amount of investment expansion is needed to push Russia 's economy beyond 4 % growth , he said . But Medvedev acknowledged that Russia needs to do a much better job of attracting foreign direct investment . Russia ranks very low in global corruption indices , which has held back investment despite a sizable population of 142 million . Medvedev said his government 's priority is to improve public governance . But , he said , this is not a problem unique to Russia . Is the rise of China creating conflict ? "  It 's nothing new -- humanity has been facing these problems for centuries , if not millennia , " he said . "  The more law and order , the more thieves and robbers . In that sense , little has changed . " Medvedev stressed that Russia is an open market now and pointed to membership in the World Trade Organization as a indication of that . The country 's next priority is to gain membership of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development , composed of the world 's industrialized nations , he said . Interactive : Europe 's tale of boom and bust The prime minister suggested this sends a strong message to the world , even though both structures "  are not perfect , " in his view . He also spoke of the need to create an equal playing field for all businesses and to create a "  single economic space " with Russia 's neighbors , stretching from the Atlantic to the Pacific . But the prime minister dismissed suggestions that this is an effort to somehow recreate the Soviet Union , saying Russia wants to play in the global market . Interactive : How 's your economic mood ? "  There is no going back to the past , " he said . Executives have not been convinced in the past that Medvedev and Russian President Vladimir Putin are on the same page . But the prime minister stressed that Russia has a global outlook and will continue dialogue with its European friends and partners . "  We are building our cooperation , " he said , acknowledging that unilateral action could have "  dire implications . " Medvedev said the G-20 , which brings together the world 's major economies , is becoming increasingly efficient and that this has helped limit the extent of the global economic crisis . "  We need to use modern technologies , crowd sourcing , " he said . "  Those technologies change the status and enhance the legitimacy of decisions made in government . " Davos 2013 : New year , same old problems ? The speech echoed one Medvedev gave at Davos as his country 's president in 2011 , when he also pushed foreign investment in Russia while acknowledging that reforms were needed . Russia last month assumed the rotating presidency of the G-20 . "  The Russian presidency 's main task will be to focus the G-20 's efforts on developing measures to stimulate economic growth and create jobs , " Putin said at the time . Few are likely to dispute Medvedev 's comments on the need for Russia to prioritize governance issues . Russia ranked 133 out of 174 in Transparency International 's 2012 Corruption Perceptions Index . Ahead of the World Economic Forum , the non-governmental group 's chairwoman , Huguette Labelle , called on countries and businesses to change the way they work , for everybody 's sake . "  Future prosperity will always be undermined by corruption , excessive risk-taking , a lack of transparency and other unethical practices , " she warned . Pavel Khodorkovsky , the son of jailed Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky and president of the U.S.-based Institute of Modern Russia , also wrote an open letter to those at the World Economic Forum in which he highlighted the plight of his father . Mikhail Khodorkovsky , who backed an opposition party , has been in jail since 2003 and was convicted in 2005 on charges of tax evasion and fraud . Russia has faced wide criticism over his treatment , with the United States and others accusing it of "  selective prosecution " and abuse of the legal system . His son , in his letter to policymakers at Davos , called on them to raise the issue of the former Yukos chief executive 's continued imprisonment and urge support for the rule of law in Russia . "  Ending corruption is not just a human rights issue , " Pavel Khodorkovsky said . "  The proliferation of corruption remains a huge impediment to direct foreign investment . "  Both U.S. and Russian officials have publicly acknowledged Russia 's weak property rights and rampant corruption are reasons to avoid doing business in Russia . This is thwarting job creation and starving Russian businesses of the capital they need to grow . " Medvedev 's comments come amid frosty relations with the United States after Putin signed a law in December prohibiting Americans from adopting Russian children . The move by Russian politicians was widely seen as retaliation for a law that U.S. President Barack Obama signed December 14 . That bill , called the Magnitsky Act , imposes U.S. travel and financial restrictions on those it considers human rights abusers in Russia .	NEW : Son of jailed Russian tycoon Khodorkovsky urges a focus on tackling corruption Dmitry Medvedev : Russia wants to attract large-scale foreign investment Tackling poor governance is the country 's priority , Medvedev says Russia ranks low in global corruption indices , which has held back investment
CNN  -- The largest great white shark expedition in U.S. history is at sea off the coast of Massachusetts -- the same waters fictionally terrorized by the most infamous great white of them all in the film "  Jaws . " "  Expedition Cape Cod 2013 " is led by OCEARCH , a nonprofit that researches and tracks the migration of sharks , among other things , on its Global Shark Tracker website . OCEARCH researchers , who set out on Monday , will spend the next month trying to capture , tag and release 20 great white sharks in the water off of Cape Cod , Massachusetts -- an area that has seen an uptick in shark visits in recent years . Shark attack claims Brazilian teen 's life "  The increased summertime population of great white sharks off Cape Cod has drawn significant science and public safety attention , " said Greg Skomal , who is heading up the team of researchers . Their study will seek to find out why Tony LaCasse , spokesman for the New England Aquarium in Boston , says the increase in shark sightings in that part of the world is actually the result of a very good thing : the return of an ecosystem . White sharks love to dine on gray seals , and gray seals eat fish -- the very same fish Massachusetts fishermen were trying to catch . It was custom for them to be shot on site a generation ago , explains LaCasse . Opinion : How the world is saving sharks That stopped in 1972 with the passage of the Marine Mammal Protection Act . But the damage had already been done , the gray seal population had been nearly wiped out , and the great white had to seek dinner elsewhere . Those that remained became the target of fishermen , thanks to Hollywood . "  There was a dramatic reduction in the population of great white sharks in the wake of ` Jaws , ' " LaCasse told CNN . Man wrestles sharks with his bare hands Now , several years later -- about enough time for a seal population to regenerate and for great whites to be attracted by a food source -- "  Jaws " returns for a sequel , sort of . But not everyone is headed north for a summer on the Cape -- "  Lori Anne " is a female shark that OCEARCH tagged near Cape Cod last June . According to Global Shark Tracker , Tuesday she turned up off the coast of West Palm Beach , Florida .	The waters off Cape Cod have seen an uptick in shark visits in recent years An expedition is at sea to investigate and tag-and-release great whites An expert says the increase in shark sightings reflects the return of an ecosystem
Washington  CNN  -- As Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu defends her U.S. Senate seat in Louisiana , a new CNN/ORC International poll indicates the third-term incumbent carries a slim advantage over her closest GOP rival in the general election this November . But this is Louisiana , and the election system can be complicated . There are nine candidates -- Republicans , Democrats , and a Libertarian -- on the ballot this November , and if no candidate crosses the 50 % threshold , the race moves into a December runoff between the top two contenders . Landrieu currently falls well below the 50 % mark at 43 % support among likely voters . Republican Rep. Bill Cassidy comes in second at 40 % , according to the survey . But the poll 's sampling error among likely voters is plus or minus four percentage points , meaning the two candidates are about even . In a state with large swaths of conservative voters , Landrieu is considered one of the most vulnerable Democrats up for re-election this year . Republicans , eager to take control of the Senate , have focused on the race as a potential pick-up seat . The GOP needs a net gain of six seats to retake the majority . Politics of fear -- how the GOP is using ISIS against Dems If the horse race in Louisiana stays relatively the same , Landrieu and Cassidy would be the two candidates heading into the runoff -- and that 's when things flip . The poll indicates that Cassidy would fare slightly better in a runoff than Landrieu , 50 % -47 % . "  Keep in mind that the electorate in December is probably going to be smaller and quite a bit different from those who turn out to vote in November , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . But the poll 's likely voter model can only estimate the November electorate , he added , and turnout is going to be extremely important in December . "  Landrieu wins a majority in a two-way race among all registered voters , but we know that only a small fraction of them will come out for a runoff , " he said . Amid worrisome polls , Democrats make new pitch for women In her re-election bid , Landrieu has been touting her position as chairwoman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources committee as a boon to her oil-rich state . Like many Democrats in tight re-election bids from reddish states , Landrieu has also kept President Barack Obama at arm 's length due to his low approval ratings . The CNN/ORC poll shows that only 40 % of Louisiana voters approve of the job Obama is doing in office . Instead , she has been selling a bipartisan record of working across the aisle and voting independent of her party . But Landrieu has faced a slew of negative headlines this fall , including questions about her residency and improper uses of taxpayer-funded travel . And Republicans , including Cassidy , seized on a recent photo showing Landrieu helping a Louisiana State University fan perform a keg stand during a tailgate party . Cassidy , however , is seeking to paint Landrieu as a rubber stamp for Obama . And as a physician and a three-term congressman who was a vocal opponent of Obamacare , Cassidy is trying make health care reform a big issue in the race . As the incumbent , Landrieu has a large fundraising advantage over Cassidy , having brought in $ 14 million compared to Cassidy 's $ 8.6 million , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . Obamadale : The secret weapon that could save Iowa Democrats ? Democratic outside groups have invested heavily in the race , spending nearly six times the amount Republicans have spent in opposition . According to the poll , Landrieu does extremely well in urban areas and carries 85 % of the non-white population but gets clobbered in the suburban parts of Louisiana . Interestingly , women only slightly back Landrieu more than men , 48 % -45 % -- a departure from polls that generally show incumbent Democratic women with a wider gender gap that can prove favorably in the voting booth . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International by telephone with 1,013 adult Americans on September 22-25 .	A new CNN poll shows the Louisiana Senate race is very close Sen. Mary Landrieu leads her GOP challenger by only three points Gap is within the poll 's sampling error If no candidate gets more than 50 % in November , there 's a runoff
The remains of all 44 Malaysian passengers of Flight MH17 have been identified , a government statement says . MH17 was en route from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia on July 17 when it was apparently shot down by a missile as it flew over Ukraine . All 298 people on board were killed , including 15 Malaysian crew members . The last Malaysian identified was Allahyarhamah Puan Sri Siti Amirah Prawira Kusuma , who will be buried in the Netherlands at the request of her family , according to a statement from Malaysian Transport Minister Dato ' Sri Liow Tiong Lai . "  During this difficult time , the families of the passengers and crew of MH17 remain foremost on our minds and we continue to keep them in our prayer , " he said . "  I wish to reiterate our commitment to the families of the passengers and crew of MH17 and the fact that justice must be served on the criminals who caused this heinous act . Towards this end , investigations at the crash site must continue despite the on-going geopolitical situation on the ground . " The United States and Ukraine have accused pro-Russian separatists operating in the region of downing the plane with a missile , a charge the rebels have denied . A preliminary report by the Dutch Safety Board in September supported that theory , saying the plane was hit by "  high-energy objects , " but it did not cast blame . About two-thirds of those killed were Dutch , with Malaysians and Australians making up a large proportion of the others . Passenger found wearing oxygen mask	Official : Allahyarhamah Puan Sri Siti Amirah Prawira Kusuma is last Malaysian ID 'd Fifteen crew members were among the 44 Malaysian victims in July MH17 crash "  Justice must be served on the criminals who caused this heinous act , " official says
The shocking video of James Foley being beheaded in Syria has set off multiple investigations into the mystery of who killed the American journalist . A day after the British ambassador to the United States said that experts in his country are close to identifying the killer , two U.S. law enforcement officials told CNN that counterterrorism experts are still unable to ID Foley 's executioner . U.S. analysts said it 's not knowable from the video released by ISIS who carried out Foley 's killing , because the entire slaying is not shown . A man moves a knife across Foley 's neck , then the picture fades to black . Now one forensics expert has raised the issue that there appear to be two militants in the video . It 's one of several puzzles , but there are a number of clues as to who committed this horrible act and where . 1 . Accent The focus has been on a man in the video who has a British accent . Peter Westmacott , British ambassador to the United States , said Sunday that British agents have been using "  very sophisticated technologies , voice identification and so on " to identify the suspect . "  We are very close to identifying who this guy is , " he said . Martin Barry , an audio expert , told CNN it sounded like the way someone in a certain area of London would talk . "  The speaker is using a variety of English known as multicultural London English and that 's a kind of melting pot accent that 's emerged in recent years , particularly in deprived , multi-ethnic areas of inner London , " Barry said . There is only one voice heard on the audio track . 2 . Stature But Ross Patel , a forensics expert who spoke to CNN , said there is another man , and he might be the actual killer . The second militant appears on the video after an obvious edit . "  There 's definitely a change of actor , " Patel said . "  There are noticeable , there are subtle but there are also noticeable changes in their build , their physical appearance . " The video contains other data like the measurements of a face , even though it is hidden . That could help investigators sift through databases of passport photos . 3 . Knives The man who speaks holds a knife in one of his hands . It looks to be a different knife than the one that was left next to Foley 's body . The dimensions and style of the knives are slightly different , Patel said . 4 . Holster When trying to determine whether the British-accented man is also the killer , it helps to examine where his pistol is holstered . It is underneath his left armpit -- that is for use by his right hand . But the executioner appears on the video to be left-handed . It 's unclear why this happened . 5 . Location Blogger Eliot Higgins looked at the background of the video . Behind the men is a road going over the hilly terrain . On the right side of the frame is a dip in the hills , one Higgins matched to a break he found in an image on Google Earth . There was another camera angle used in the video and in the distance there is a field and some buildings . He believes the clues show the video was recorded south of the town of Raqqa in north central Syria .	One forensics expert says there are definitely two militants in video The one who spoke with a British accent may not have been the executioner Speaker has a holster suitable for a right-handed person , but apparent killer used his left A blogger thinks he has used satellite photos to figure out where Foley was killed
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- A rapid deployment of an international military force is essential to solving Mali 's security crisis , regional and international leaders said after a meeting Friday in the nation 's capital . "  Mali needs a political transition through transparent elections within 12 months , functioning institutions and an immediate deployment of international troops , " said Daniel Kablan , chairman of the Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  . U.N. Deputy Secretary-General Jan Eliasson said his organization is ready to provide immediate support to aid national dialogue and assist in political negotiations . "  We will immediately bring military planners and security sector advisers " to Bamako , the Malian capital , the secretary said . ECOWAS can provide military training , logistics and reinforcement of Mali 's own forces , Kablan said . Leaders from the European Union , United Nations and Western African states met as al Qaeda-linked rebels tighten their grip in the north of the country . Malians for and against military intervention have protested on the streets of the capital in recent days , highlighting a divide in citizens ' opinion . Last week , the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution that gives regional leaders 45 days to provide detailed plans for an international military intervention . Friday 's meeting was a follow-up to the resolution . "  Beyond this sad situation , there is the serious threat that the entrenchment of terrorist and criminal network poses to Mali , the region and beyond . This is a threat we can not afford to take lightly , and the danger extends far beyond Africa . The sooner we deal with it , the better , " said Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma , chief of the African Union Commission . Mali was plunged into chaos in March after a military ruler overthrew the president , shaking one of West Africa 's most stable democracies . The coup leader stepped down in May and transferred power to a civilian transitional government . However , uncertainty looms as Islamist militants roaming the north wage a campaign of destruction . Soon after the coup , ethnic Tuareg rebels and Islamist militants took advantage of the power vacuum to seize the northern part of the country . Two groups with ties to al Qaeda later toppled the Tuareg movement , and now control two-thirds of northern Mali , an area the size of France . "  The crisis is Malian , but the development affects the neighboring countries , our partners . And we need international help to fight the Islamists , to organize free and fair elections , and to help restore our country , " interim Malian President Dioncounda Traore said . West African leaders and the transitional government have asked the United Nations Security Council to authorize military intervention to oust the rebels . The resolution approved last week tasked U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon with working with African leaders to submit to the Security Council within 45 days "  detailed and actionable recommendations " in preparation for the deployment of an international military force in Mali . As leaders work to find a solution , grim reports of human rights violations are emerging in the north . Radical Islamists are compiling a list of unmarried mothers , raising fears of cruel punishments such as stoning , amputations and executions , a senior United Nations official said this month . The list will include women who have had children out of wedlock and those who are unmarried and pregnant , according to Ivan Simonovic , the U.N. assistant secretary-general for human rights . The Islamists have vowed to impose a stricter form of Islamic law , or Sharia . They say the law condemns relations outside marriage . Extremists have conducted public executions , amputations , floggings and other punishments . In addition to human rights violations , Islamists razed tombs near the desert city of Timbuktu on Thursday -- the latest attacks targeting cultural heritage sites in the north . The rebels have destroyed tombs and shrines in the city , which features various ancient and prominent burial sites . They regard such shrines as idolatrous and thus prohibited by their religion . Sufi shrines , which they consider sacrilegious , have been subjected to the most attacks . Sufism is a mystical dimension of Islam considered offbeat by Islamic hardliners . Journalist Katarina Hoije reported from Bamako , Mali . CNN 's Faith Karimi reported from Atlanta .	ECOWAS chairman calls for "  immediate deployment of international troops " The meeting included officials from the EU , U.N. and West African states Mali was plunged into chaos in March after a military ruler overthrew the president
Athens  CNN  -- Most people travel to Greece to look at antiquities . But I 've spent the last few days in Athens sightseeing the country 's digital future . And what I 've seen is surprisingly encouraging . The future is n't hard to excavate in Greece . Indeed , immediately upon arrival at Athens airport , travelers are confronted by spread of slick advertisements for a global bank . "  The future is full of opportunity . Be part of the future , " one of these advertisements advises . "  Age will be no barrier to ambition , " another promises . "  Even the smallest business will be multinational , " a third guarantees . But today , in a Greece wracked by the most serious economic crisis for at least a century , the truth about the country 's economic future is mostly the opposite of these advertisements . In Greece today , the future is mostly characterized by fear rather than opportunity . The problem is that this small country does n't appear to be part of anyone 's "  future . " Increasingly peripheral , even to the euro crisis , Greece is in danger of drifting back into its dark 20th century past : back to the self-destructive politics of anti-capitalist violence and ethnic hatred ; back perhaps to the drachma , to economic autarky and perhaps even to a financial apocalypse equivalent to the Great Depression . Euro crisis : In-depth In Greece , the "  smallest businesses " in an economy still dependent mostly on tourism , are about as multinational as the crumbling remains of the Acropolis . In this classic Southern European gerontocracy in which at least 50 % of young people are unemployed , age actually mostly represents an impenetrable barrier to ambition . And yet , amidst all the despair , there is a rebirth going on in Greece . It 's a digital renaissance and it 's being pioneered by a new generation of talented young Internet entrepreneurs who are trying to reinvent not only the Greek economy and society , but also Greece 's role in today 's global economy . The irony of this nascent Greek digital renaissance is that it probably would n't have happened without the economic crisis . In pre-crisis Greece , most Greeks grew up wanting to be public servants . But now that the old clientist state can not offer lifetime sinecures for university graduates , young Greeks coming out of university now have little else to do except invest their labor in start-ups . "  There 's no other option , " Tasos Frantzolas , the founder of Soundsnap who splits his time between New York and Athens , told me about this entrepreneurial renaissance in Greece . "  People of my generation recognize this . " John Doxaras , the CEO of Warp.ly who studied physics at Cambridge University and who now divides his time between Athens and San Francisco , agrees with Frantzolas . Given the crisis , Doxaras -- a young man who is already on his third start-up -- believe that young Greeks have "  nothing to lose " and are "  willing to take a risk . " There 's a "  big opportunity " in Greece , Doxaras told me because -- given the relative insignificance of the local market - start-ups have to be global , both in their organization and their market . Warp.ly , for example , which offers big brands tools for mobile marketing , has its biggest client in Kuwait and , of its 22 fulltime staff , four are in the U.S. , six in Europe and 12 in Athens . In the Greek digital economy , even the smallest business have to be multinational . Europe 's leaders are spinning plates Christina Plakopita concurs with Doxaras . Plakopita , a 28-year-old woman who has degrees in economics and real-estate development from London and Columbia universities , came back from the US to Greece to start-up and run Netrobe , an iPhone app designed as a virtual closet for young fashionistas which already has 40,000 users . People said I was "  crazy " to come back to Greece , Plakopita , who returned to Athens to live with her parents , told me . "  But it was a great decision , " she explained , because digital is "  booming " in Greece and it 's an ideal market to "  think global and act local . " Like Doxaras and Frantzolas , Plakopita 's confidence in the digital Greek rebirth is rooted in the wealth of human talent in Greece . I think they are correct . Having spent the last few days in the invigorating company of many Greek start-up entrepreneurs , I have been struck with their vitality , intelligence and ambition . From early-stage collaborative workspaces like CoLab and 123p , to entrepreneurs from promising local start-ups like Taxibeat , Radiojar , Parking Defenders , Dailysecret , Joolmaworks , CrowdPolicy.org and Cookisto , it is self-evident that there is something very promising brewing in this nascent Greek digital economy . So what could go wrong with this budding digital Greek renaissance ? The biggest problem , of course , remains the oppressively bureaucratic Greek state that , in spite of the crisis , continues to be a major obstacle to entrepreneurial innovation . "  Failure in Greece in penalized , " John Doxaras told me about a system in which entrepreneurs can end up in jail if they bankrupt their companies . And every Greek start-up entrepreneur I met complained bitterly about arcane and ever-changing bureaucratic regulations that make setting up and running a company frustratingly complex and time-consuming . Greeks pull money out of country 's banks As Stavros Messinis , the co-founder of CoLab told me , Greece remains a "  tough environment " for entrepreneurs . What 's missing , Messinis explained , is a both a legal and social acceptance of the idea of failure . There 's no "  culture of forgiveness " for business failure in Greece , Messinis explained . And thus most Greeks remains terrified of failing , even though failure is the unavoidable norm of even the most successful start-up ecosystem . Then there 's the broader cultural challenge of rewiring Greek minds for the digital age . As Warp.ly CEO Doxaras explained , most Greeks -- even its younger generation -- do n't "  get " the idea that Greece , if it wants to compete in the 21st century global economy , has any other option but to become a start-up nation like Israel . Oddly enough , a possible Greek exit from the euro is seen by many entrepreneurs as a much a blessing in disguise for their businesses as a catastrophe . "  If you sell abroad you will get rich overnight , " Fotis Evagelou , the CTO of Joolmaworks , told me . While CoLab co-founder Stavros Messinis acknowledges that any start-up with clients overseas would benefit from the inevitable devaluation of the local currency that a Greek exit from the euro would trigger . But does Greek economic failure really equal entrepreneurial success ? No , it 's not that simple . Messinis cautions that the return of the drachma would be "  superbly negative " for entrepreneurs in the short-term , with exchange controls , massive layoffs , riots and empty supermarket shelves . John Doxaras even warns that a euro exit might result in significant power cuts thereby cutting off local digital companies from their lifeblood -- access to the global network . Yet in spite of the danger of a complete economic meltdown , the future remains full of opportunity for Greece 's young digital entrepreneurs . It wo n't be easy , of course . But a country best known for its antiquities might turn out to be a key hub for radical innovation in our digital economy .	Keen : Greece 's digital future is surprisingly encouraging Greece is wracked by the most serious economic crisis for at least a century Yet , amidst all the despair , there is a rebirth going on in Greece The irony of this renaissance is that it probably would n't have happened without the crisis
CNN  -- The Sigma Phi Epsilon Fraternity has closed its chapter at the University of Mississippi after three of its members were suspected of tying a noose around the neck of a campus statue of civil rights icon James Meredith . Meredith was the first black student admitted to Ole Miss , which is in Oxford . "  The decision is not a result of any individual incident , but a response to newly discovered , ongoing behavior that includes incidents of hazing , underage drinking , alcohol abuse , and failure to comply with the university and fraternity 's codes of conduct , " the fraternity said in a statement Thursday . "  Though the incident involving the James Meredith statue several months ago did not directly result in the chapter 's closure , it did mark the beginning of an intensified period of review . " In February , someone placed a noose around the bronze statue and left behind a flag with the symbol of the Confederacy . The fraternity said then that it would expel the three students . "  Sigma Phi Epsilon is committed to being a different kind of fraternity -- one that recognizes the importance of the out-of-classroom experience and is committed to making that experience the safest and most empowering part of a college male 's life , " CEO Brian Warren said in the statement . "  Though it 's always painful to close a chapter , these students ' actions clearly illustrate a determination to perpetuate an experience based on risky and unconstructive behavior . In these cases , we have no choice but to close the chapter and return to campus at a later date . "	A noose and Confederate emblem were found on a statue of James Meredith Meredith was the first black student admitted to Ole Miss The incident marked "  the beginning of an intensified period of review , " the fraternity says CEO says he wants Sigma Phi Epsilon to be "  a different kind of fraternity "
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Democrats failed Thursday to win a procedural vote to open debate on a bill that would provide medical benefits and compensation for emergency workers who were first on the scene of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . The motion for cloture , or to begin debate , needed 60 votes to pass due to a Republican filibuster , but fell short at 57-42 in favor . While supporters said they would try to bring the bill up again , either on its own or as part of other legislation to be considered , the vote Thursday jeopardized the measure 's chances for approval in the final weeks of the current congressional session . The House previously passed the bill on a mostly partisan 268-160 vote . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg reacted to Thursday 's result by calling it "  a tragic example of partisan politics trumping patriotism . " "  I urge Senate Republicans to reconsider their wrong-headed political strategy and allow the bill to come to the floor for a vote , " Bloomberg said in a statement . Republicans complained that the $ 7.4 billion price tag was too high , while Democrats said the government had an obligation to help the first responders to the deadliest terrorism attack in U.S. history . The James Zadroga 9/11 Health Bill -- named after a deceased New York Police Department detective who had worked in the toxic plume at ground zero -- seeks to provide free medical coverage for responders and survivors who were exposed to toxins after the attacks .	Motion for cloture falls three votes short of ending GOP filibuster Republicans oppose the $ 7.4 billion cost ; supporters hope to revive the measure Bill would provide medical benefits , compensation for 9/11 first responders NYC Mayor Bloomberg calls it an "  example of partisan politics trumping patriotism "
CNN  -- More state restrictions on fishing in the Gulf of Mexico were lifted Monday as the fall shrimping season began , but efforts to permanently plug the ruptured BP oil well were delayed again . The worst oil spill in U.S. history has hobbled fishermen across the Gulf as federal and state authorities put much of its waters off-limits due to safety concerns . With the well capped on a temporary basis for a month , the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration and the Gulf states have begun lifting those restrictions -- but Louisiana shrimpers like Anthony Bourgeoif say more needs to be done , and soon . "  It 's open down over here with small shrimp , where it should be open over there where the big shrimp are , " Bourgeoif told CNN . "  Ca n't make no money with no little shrimp , man . " Bourgeoif said he planned to go out , because "  I ai n't made nothing since the BP spill . " But he was concerned that inspectors might find signs of oil in his catch and make him dump it . "  So why go out there and catch it if they 're just going to be dumped , and I ai n't going to make no money off it ? " he asked . "  I 've got to make money . I 've got four grandkids I 'm raising , man . " Deborah Long , a spokeswoman for the Southern Shrimp Alliance , said it will likely take days to assess what impact the spill has had on the Gulf catch . And while some shrimpers are eager to get back out , many are still working for the well 's owner , BP , which has hired many boats to skim oil off the surface and lay protective booms along the shorelines . And concerns about the long-term impact of the spill persisted with a new report from researchers at the University of South Florida , who reported that oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill may have settled to the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico further east than previously suspected -- and at levels toxic to marine life . Initial findings from a new survey of the Gulf conclude that dispersants may have sent droplets of crude to the ocean floor , where it has turned up at the bottom of an undersea canyon within 40 miles of the Florida Panhandle . The results are scheduled to be released Tuesday , but CNN obtained a summary of the initial conclusions Monday night . Plankton and other organisms at the base of the food chain showed a "  strong toxic response " to the crude , and the oil could well up onto the continental shelf and resurface later , according to researchers . "  The dispersant is moving the oil down out of the surface and into the deeper waters , where it can affect phytoplankton and other marine life , " said John Paul , a marine microbiologist at USF . The spill erupted April 20 with an explosion that sank the offshore drilling platform Deepwater Horizon . The blast killed 11 men and uncapped an undersea gusher that spewed an estimated 205 million gallons of oil into the Gulf before it was temporarily shut in July 15 . Thad Allen , the federal government 's point man in the Gulf , said Monday that attempts to permanently seal the well wo n't start until the latest potential problem is evaluated . Allen said engineers are now concerned about how to manage the risk of pressure in the annulus , a ring that surrounds the casing pipe at the center of the well shaft . The "  timelines wo n't be known until we get a recommendation on the course of action , " Allen said . Scientists began new pressure tests last week to gauge the effects of the mud and cement poured into the well from above during the "  static kill " procedure that started August 3 . From those pressure readings , they believe that either some of the cement breached the casing pipe and leaked into the annulus , or cement came up into the annulus from the bottom . The scientists believe that process may have trapped some oil between the cement and the top of the well , inside the annulus . Now , given that new variable , they 're trying to figure out how to safely maintain the pressure within the well before launching the "  bottom kill , " a procedure aimed at sealing the well from below . Allen told reporters that when it comes to giving a green light to the "  bottom kill " of the well through the nearby relief well , "  nobody wants to make that declaration any more than I do . " But the process "  will not start until we figure out how to manage the risk of pressure in the annulus . " "  We 're using an overabundance of caution , " he said . Allen said crews could remove the capping stack that sealed the oil in the well on July 15 , then replace the well 's blowout preventer with a new one stored on the nearby Development Driller II in the Gulf . Allen said a new blowout preventer would be "  rated at much higher pressure levels than the annulus . " The other option would require BP to devise a pressure-relief device for the current capping stack . Once crews get their marching orders , it will take them about 96 hours to prepare , drill the final 50 feet of a relief well and intercept the main well . Then , the bottom kill process of plugging the well from below would begin . BP acknowledged Monday that the disruption the oil spill has caused to lives across the Gulf coast has built up tension among residents . In response , the company announced Monday it is providing a total of $ 52 million to five behavioral health support and outreach programs . BP released a statement saying it would give the federal Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration $ 10 million ; the Florida Department of Children and Families , $ 3 million ; the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals , $ 15 million ; and the departments of mental health in Mississippi and Alabama , $ 12 million each . "  We appreciate that there is a great deal of stress and anxiety across the region , and as part of our determination to make things right for the people of the region , we are providing this assistance now to help make sure individuals who need help know where to turn , " said Lamar McKay , president of BP America and incoming leader of BP 's Gulf Coast Restoration Organization . CNN 's Vivian Kuo , Reynolds Wolf , Ed Lavandera , Rich Phillips , Matt Smith and Chris Turner contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Ca n't make no money with no little shrimp " NEW : Oil traces said to spread east on sea floor No timeline set for bottom kill as scientists study well pressure BP pledges $ 52 million to behavioral health support
CNN  -- Svetlana Kuznetsova drew on her vast experience to keep Russia in contention for a fifth Fed Cup tennis title in the final against the Czech Republic on Saturday . The 26-year-old , who featured in three of her nation 's four winning line-ups between 2004 and 2008 , helped Russia end the first day on level terms in Moscow after world No. 2 Petra Kvitova continued her remarkable year . Kvitova , who last weekend added the season-ending WTA Championships title to her July Wimbledon crown , gave the visiting Czechs a 1-0 lead when she beat Maria Kirilenko 6-2 6-2 in the opening singles rubber . Kuznetsova lost both of her singles matches in the 2004 final , a 3-2 win over France sealed in the deciding doubles tie , but was undefeated in four finals outings in 2007-08 . The former U.S. Open and French Open champion continued that winning run as she beat Lucie Safarova 6-2 6-3 . "  I felt colossal pressure . But if I was playing that rubber in the year 2004 , I think I would feel really tight and jittery , " she told the Fed Cup website . "  Now I have more expertise , and that expertise helped me to motivate myself and to motivate myself in the right direction . " Kuznetsova , ranked 19th , will take on the 21-year-old Kvitova in Sunday 's opening reverse singles rubber in their first career meeting . Kirilenko has a 4-1 career record over Safarova , but they have not met since 2009 . The Czechs have not won the title since 1988 , which came five years before the formation of the republic and Slovakia .	Fed Cup final is level at 1-1 after Saturday 's opening singles rubbers World No. 2 Petra Kvitova beats Maria Kirilenko in opening match in Moscow Russia draw level as Svetlana Kuznetsova defeats Lucie Safarova Czech Republic seeking first title in women 's teams event since 1988
CNN  -- Tiger Woods has been told to go on television to try to finally end the controversy that has forced the world 's No. 1 golfer to take an "  indefinite break " from the sport . The American superstar announced on his Web site on Friday that he was taking time out to resolve the issues caused by his "  infidelity " to wife Elin , having been mired in controversy since he crashed his car outside his Florida mansion late last month . Since then , several women have come forward to claim having had liaisons with Woods . Woods ' compatriot and fellow golfer John Daly , who has battled gambling and alcohol addiction and also been married four times , believes the 33-year-old should tell all on a television program such as the Oprah Winfrey Show , the UK Press Association reported . "  It 's tough and it 's going to be tough on him , but if I was him and Elin , I would go to Oprah , get on a show , get this thing aired out , tell the truth , " former major winner Daly said . Blog : Woods can not erase this stain . "  And then it does n't matter what the media says anymore because it 's all out in the open and it would be a big sigh of relief for both of them . " British publicist Max Clifford , whose clients have included the likes of magician David Copperfield and television mogul Simon Cowell , agreed that Oprah would provide the best platform . "  Hopefully he can go on something like Oprah , maybe even with his wife , to show that they 're making a real go of it , " Clifford said . "  The clever move would be for him to say , ` I 'm coming back when Elin tells me the time is right . ' That would be the masterstroke . "  The golf world will miss him more than he will miss them because you 're taking the world 's top player out , the biggest attraction , the one that everyone wants to see way , way above everybody else . "  That will encourage all of his fans to say , ` Come on Tiger , when are you coming back ? ' The demand for him to come back will get greater and greater . " Former European No. 1 Colin Montgomerie , who was second behind Woods at the 2005 British Open , believes that the 14-time major winner now seems a little less perfect . "  He is suddenly , I hate to say , more normal now , " the Ryder Cup captain told the BBC Web site . "  There is a mystique which has been lost now and let 's hope that golf is n't damaged by that , and it should n't be . "  There was an aura , and that wall has been split slightly , so there are cracks and I feel that it gives us more opportunity of winning these big events now . "	John Daly advises Tiger Woods to go on television with his wife Elin to end controversy Daly believes it is best for world 's top golfer to "  get this thing aired out , tell the truth " Publicist Max Clifford believes the sport needs Woods more than he needs it Former European No. 1 Colin Montgomerie says the American seems "  more normal " now
CNN  -- It 's been arguably the biggest sports-debate question of the past month : Who would win in a head-to-head matchup between the original 1992 Olympic basketball "  Dream Team " and the 2012 edition that just won gold in London ? Larry , Magic and Michael , or Kobe , KD and LeBron ? We 'll never know , right ? Maybe not . 2K Sports is ready to let the fans decide by including both superstar teams in their upcoming basketball video game , "  NBA 2K13 . " The fantasy matchup , in which gamers can match both teams in a virtual showdown for the ages , is the result of a partnership with USA Basketball , the organization that represents the U.S. in world basketball events . The public debate over which team is better started before the London games when the Los Angeles Lakers ' Kobe Bryant said he thought he and his teammates could beat the 1992 squad . "  Well , just from a basketball standpoint , they obviously have a lot more size than we do , " Bryant told reporters after a pre-Olympics practice . "  We have just a bunch of young racehorses , guys that are eager to compete . It 'd be a tough one , but I think we 'd pull it out . " "  In one game , we can beat them . No question about it . " The resulting back-and-forth between members from both teams sparked an idea from "  NBA 2K13 " executive producer Jay-Z . Why not let the fans interact , play the game , and decide who is the better team ? "  In ` NBA 2K13 , ' we 're giving fans the opportunity to play as two of the best teams ever assembled in sporting history , literally putting the debate right into their hands , " Jay-Z said in a statement . The original Dream Team is considered one of the most dynamic sports teams ever assembled . Eleven Hall of Fame players , including Michael Jordan , Larry Bird , David Robinson , Magic Johnson and Charles Barkley , came together to crush international opponents and win Olympic gold in Barcelona , Spain . This year 's Olympic team featured many likely future Hall of Famers , including Bryant , LeBron James and Kevin Durant . Not surprisingly , the famously competitive Jordan believes his team would triumph over the 2012 bunch . In an interview this week , he said playing both teams in "  NBA 2K13 " is likely to start more arguments than finish them . "  When you stack all the stats , which is in some ways how the game is going to be viewed and discussed , our stats are going to be a lot better than their stats , " Jordan said in a conference call with reporters . "  I think it 's going to start debates . I do n't think it 's going to end any . The only way it would end is for us to lace 'em back up and play them . " Jordan thinks "  NBA 2K13 " gamers will get a good appreciation of the different styles of play over the two eras . The third-leading scorer in NBA history also offered some advice to fans playing as the Dream Team in the new video game . "  If you want to score inside , you have to throw it to Charles  Barkley  or Karl  Malone  , " Jordan said . "  If you want to throw it to the perimeter , Larry  Bird  or Chris Mullin can set up . "  Myself , I 'm pretty sure I can score in any environment . " Jordan also believes the inclusion of the all-star teams will give international gamers a chance to experience American-style hoops firsthand . "  With the USA Basketball portion  of "  NBA 2K13 "  , you are going to have a lot of Europeans being able to play the Dream Team fantasy . ... I think that 's going to be fun . " "  NBA 2K13 " will be released October 2 in North America and October 5 internationally . It will be available for the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , Windows PC , PSP and Wii . A Wii U version also will be released during the holiday season .	"  NBA 2K13 " will let gamers pit the London gold medalists against the 1992 Dream Team Michael Jordan : "  I think it 's going to start debates . I do n't think it 's going to end any " The video game will be released October 2 in North America and October 5 internationally
Reyhanli , Turkey  CNN  -- Protesters in a Turkish border town hit by a twin car-bombing a week ago clashed with police Saturday , as they voiced anger over the government 's response to the attack . About 50 people were killed and about 100 injured when the blasts went off in the southern town of Reyhanli , in across the border from Syria 's Idlib province , on May 11 . One was at the community 's city hall and the other in front of a post office . The protest Saturday began relatively peacefully but descended into chaos as running street clashes broke out with police . Protesters threw rocks and bottles at the police , who responded by firing tear gas canisters and high-pressure paintballs . Officers also brought out a water cannon . Women and children ran from the scene as thick clouds of tear gas spread through the streets at the heart of the confrontation . Police prevented the protesters from reaching the site of the blasts in the center of the town , which lies in Turkey 's southern Hatay province . The police have not yet commented on the clashes , which quietened down after less than an hour . The protest -- which started with several thousand people but dwindled to a hard core of several hundred as trouble broke out -- was intended to show support and solidarity for the people of Reyhanli in the wake of the deadly bombings . Many people in the town are angry at the government 's response and say its decision to take in Syrian refugees fleeing the conflict in their country has made Turkey a target for attacks . The crowd chanted calls for Erdogan and the government to resign . One family of demonstrators was mourning the death of Ayten Calim , a 20-year-old secretary from Reyhanli who was killed in the bombings last Saturday . Her brother , Halim Calim , said , "  We are here to voice our pain . " He and another brother carried Turkish flags and a banner with Ayten 's photo on it that read , "  We will not forget . " Some have criticized Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan for traveling to the United States this week instead of coming to Reyhanli to show support . Erdogan has held talks with U.S. President Barack Obama and other U.S. officials in Washington . Turkish President Abdullah Gul visited Reyhanli Thursday , when he vowed that those responsible for the car bombs would be held accountable . Celalettin Lekesiz , governor of Hatay province , said Saturday that security forces had detained 17 people so far in connection with the bomb attacks and are hunting for four others , the semi-official Anadolu news agency reported . All 21 suspects are Turkish nationals , he said . Lekesiz said the security forces now had detailed information about how the suspects allegedly acquired the explosives and staged the bomb attacks , the news agency reported . Interior Minister Muammer Guler and other Turkish officials have accused a former Marxist terror group that they say maintains relations with Al Muhabarat , Syria 's intelligence services , according to Anadolu . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report	NEW : Provincial governor says security forces have detained 17 people over last week 's attack Chanting crowds call for Turkey 's government and prime minister to resign A protest over the government 's handling of the attack in a Turkish border town turned violent About 50 people died and about 100 were injured in the explosions in Reyhanli
CNN  -- U2 lead singer Bono has been discharged from a German hospital where he was treated for a back injury , concert promoter Live Nation said Tuesday . The band 's North American shows have been postponed until next year , Live Nation said . And the group has canceled a planned headline appearance at the Glastonbury Festival in England next month , organizers said on their website . Bono suffered a serious back injury Friday while preparing for the resumption of the band 's U.S. tour , the band said , and had emergency surgery . "  Bono suffered severe compression of the sciatic nerve , " Dr. Muller Wohlfahrt said in a statement provided by the concert promoter . "  On review of his MRI scan , I realized there was a serious tear in the ligament and a herniated disc , and that conservative treatment would not suffice . I recommended Bono have emergency spine surgery with Professor  Joerg Christian  Tonn at Munich 's LMU University Hospital on Friday . " Tonn said Bono was in severe pain and had already suffered partial paralysis in his lower leg when he was referred . "  The ligament surrounding the disc had an 8-millimeter tear , and during surgery we discovered fragments of the disc had traveled into the spinal canal , " Tonn said in the statement . "  This surgery was the only course of treatment for full recovery and to avoid further paralysis . " Tonn said Bono is now "  much better " and has regained all movement . "  The prognosis is excellent , but to obtain a sustainable result , he must now enter a period of rehabilitation , " Tonn said . Eight weeks of rehabilitation is considered a minimum , Wohlfahrt said . U2 Manager Paul McGuinness said the band is working with Live Nation to reschedule the tour dates . "  Our biggest and I believe best tour has been interrupted and we 're all devastated , " McGuinness said in the statement . "  For a performer who lives to be on stage , this is more than a blow . He feels robbed of the chance to do what he does best and feels like he has badly let down the band and their audience . Which is of course nonsense . "  His concerns about more than a million ticket buyers whose plans have been turned upside down we all share , but the most important thing right now is that Bono make a full recovery . " CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : Band cancels Glastonbury Festival appearance scheduled for June . U2 lead singer Bono discharged from hospital U2 's North American tour delayed until next year Bono faces a minimum of 8 weeks of rehabilitation
Joplin , Missouri  CNN  -- A Missouri mother said Thursday that her 16-year-old son was killed by this week 's powerful tornado , one of scores who have been confirmed dead even as authorities try to track down many others who are considered missing . Michelle Hare told CNN that her son Lantz , who was ripped from a car Sunday night by winds exceeding 200 mph in Joplin , is dead and his body has been located . In the wrenching hours and days since the tornado , the boy 's father , Mike Hare , said he 'd searched hospitals and continually called his son 's cell phone , getting no answer . "  It rang for the first day and a half , and now it goes straight to voice mail . But just in case he gets it , I want him to know his dad loves him , " the father said earlier this week . Lantz Hare was among those on the list , released Thursday by the Missouri Department of Public Safety , of 232 people from the southwest Missouri city for whom missing persons reports have been filled out . At least 126 people in Joplin had died due to the storm as of Thursday night , said Newton County Coroner Mark Bridges . That makes the tornado the single deadliest to touch down in any U.S. community since modern record-keeping began in 1950 . The Hares were among many around Joplin , still desparately searching for missing loved ones and clinging to hope . Christina , Caleb and Robert Hayward , for instance , have not seen their mother since the tornado . "  She went for pizza and never came back . It was three , four hours , and we knew , " Robert Hayward said Wednesday . "  We all miss her . She was a great person . She did n't deserve this at all . Any one of us would trade places with her . " One of the frustrations for families desperately trying to find their loved ones was a holdup at the morgue . Some were told that they may have to wait for two weeks before they can visit the morgue to search for relatives . Bridges told CNN that people who can make a positive identification of a relative , such as through tattoos , will be allowed to view a body matching that description . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said state officials were brought in "  to get this information out much more quickly and respectfully for these families that need to hear the information about the loved ones who are -- have been lost . " Families of the missing have provided DNA samples and contacted dozens of hospitals , shelters and nursing homes in their bids to learn whether they have a "  John Doe " or "  Jane Doe " that could be their loved one . Charles Writer , 74 , is one of 12 residents of Greenbriar Nursing Home on the unaccounted for list . Ten residents and a staff member at the home were killed , a company official said . Writer 's family received conflicting reports on the Alzheimer 's patient 's possible fate , said Leah Mitchell , whose husband is Writer 's nephew . They have handed out flyers and used a spreadsheet to contact about several dozen facilities . "  There are two sides of the family , " said Mitchell . "  One has accepted he 's deceased , the other side is not sure . " Patricia Dawson 's family Thursday continued its search for the 74-year-old Joplin homemaker . They , too , have contacted many hospitals and nursing homes within 200 miles . Daughter-in-law Sharyn Dawson said the missing woman "  is an awesome granny to our 6-year-old , " who has n't been told about the situation . CNN 's Chuck Johnston , Joe Sutton , Marlena Baldacci , Phil Gast , Mike Pearson , Jessica Jordan , Sean Morris and Barbara Starr contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	NEW : Officials expediting process of body identification NEW : At least 126 people are confirmed dead , coroner says Lantz Hare , who was ripped from a car Sunday , was killed , teen 's mother says He was among those on a list of 232 people in Joplin who 'd been reported missing
CNN  -- For the first time in a few years , talk about airline bankruptcies has ramped up once again , with concerns expressed this week about a certain carrier based in Texas . Whether the reports about American Airlines are true or not does n't really matter -- it 's enough to make people anxious . I 've received a fair bit of e-mail this last week asking what happens if bankruptcy becomes a reality . In short , there 's nothing to worry about with an airline like American , but I thought it would be a good idea to devote this week 's column to the issue since it 's at the top of mind for many travelers . Will American go bankrupt ? I 'm certainly not qualified to answer that question . Only the airline itself knows its plans , but the balance sheet certainly does n't point to bankruptcy being necessary in the short to medium term . Yes , American has been losing money recently while others have profited , but at the end of June , it had more than $ 5 billion in the bank and it has been able to arrange financing since then . That does n't sound like a company that would be filing for bankruptcy protection , which should be a last resort . Even if it does for some strategic reason , flights would n't be affected . Still , it 's worth talking about what to do when an airline goes bankrupt , because airlines around the world shut down every year . It 's always good to know what you can do . Here is some advice . Always pay with a credit card When you buy a ticket , you might be paying for something  a flight , presumably  that you wo n't use for another year . That 's a long time for an airline to hold on to your money , and that 's why you should pay with a credit card . If you buy a ticket with a credit card , then you wo n't be on the hook if your airline goes under . In fact , when airlines start to find themselves in financial trouble , credit card processors hold back a larger and larger percentage of the money until the flight occurs . That way , if the airline does n't perform , the credit card company still has your money and can give it right back to you . Periodically check in on your airline It sounds silly when you 're talking about an airline like American , because you would know instantly if it filed for bankruptcy protection . But what if you bought a ticket on Kuwait-based Wataniya Airways ? Would you even know that it shut down in March of this year ? Probably not . So if you do find yourself booked on an airline that might not be very well known here in the U.S. , it ca n't hurt to check in every so often to make sure it 's still flying . Most airlines with websites are very good at letting you know when they go out of business . Even better , you can set up an alert via Google that will send you a note anytime an airline 's name pops up in the news . This is hardly necessary for the better-known airlines around the world , of course , but it 's a good idea for smaller airlines that you want to keep an eye on . Have a backup plan If you 're worried about an airline going out of business for one reason or another , have a mental backup plan waiting in case you need to spring into action . Find out what other airlines fly where you need to go , and be ready to try to pounce if something happens . If you 're prepared , you 'll be able to get that last seat on your alternate before someone else who was unprepared even knows what 's happening . But you 'll still have to pay for it . Do n't expect help from other airlines There used to be a rule in the U.S. that other airlines had to honor tickets on failed airlines for a nominal fee . That does n't exist anymore , so do n't go looking for charity from other airlines if yours goes under . Elsewhere in the world , there can be varying levels of assistance , but it 's best to just assume that you 'll get none . At best , you 'll be lucky to find an airline that will take you on standby , but that 's not necessarily helpful for people with set plans . Ultimately , the best advice is to just be alert . If your airline stops flying , act quickly to find the best alternate options , and you 'll still get where you need to go . But if you 're worried about a big airline failing here in the U.S. , I would n't get too worked up about it . The chances of that are incredibly slim , even if bankruptcy is involved .	Travelers worry as bankruptcy fears swirl around American Airlines Snyder : Chances of a big airline failing in the U.S. are incredibly slim Ultimately , the best advice is to just be alert , he says
CNN  -- Judith Boutelle plopped herself down on Wednesday and prayed for a helicopter -- the only way out of town . She 's one of the hundreds of tourists stranded by days of heavy rain near the majestic Incan ruins of Machu Picchu , in the mountains of southern Peru . The rain triggered mudslides that blocked a rail line leading out of a city near the ruins . Authorities have evacuated many by helicopter , but bad weather has posed challenges for them . "  There 's stress , " Boutelle said by phone to CNN , "  but we 're comfortable . " She and her husband , Jerry -- 65-year-olds from Petersburg , Illinois -- went to Peru to see the famous ruins . They 've been stuck in a town near the ruins for the last three days , waiting for choppers to whisk them out . News reports say the rain and floods have killed at least seven people in the region , including a tourist from Argentina . An estimated 10,000 people have been affected by the rain and 2,000 homes have been ruined in and around Machu Picchu , authorities said . James Fennell , spokesman of the U.S. Embassy in Lima , told CNN the Peruvians are saying about 2,000 people need to be evacuated from the region . Several hundred tourists have been stranded in Aguas Calientes , a town at the base of popular tourist attraction . There also have been reports of stranded people on the Inca Trail , a popular hiking trail that leads to Machu Picchu . Peru 's Foreign Trade and Tourism Minister Martin Perez said Wednesday that the elderly , children and pregnant women have priority for evacuation . He denied reports of preferential treatment for foreigners , saying 103 of 475 tourists evacuated Tuesday were Peruvian . Watch iReport account of Peru flooding Quoted by state media , Perez said authorities were planning to evacuate 120 tourists an hour but need "  the weather 's help . " He said authorities could evacuate 840 tourists if they could get seven hours of decent weather . On Wednesday , poor weather threatened the ability of authorities to conduct evacuations , he said , and the forecast calls for rain through Friday . Fennell said some Americans might have left by Peruvian aircraft on Monday and 50 were evacuated by U.S. and Peruvian choppers on Tuesday . He said that as of Wednesday , officials estimate about 200 U.S. citizens were in Aguas Calientes . Fennell said four U.S. government helicopters arrived on Tuesday and two more were expected to help Peru in the evacuation . The Peruvian helicopters can accommodate up to 20 people but the U.S. aircraft carry only five . Peru also is bringing in food and water to the region , Fennell said . "  The evacuation operations were planned to continue today , weather permitting . The embassy is totally focused on getting Americans out , " he told CNN . "  We 're very grateful for their efforts , " Fennell said of the Peruvian government . "  We 're totally focused on working with them and getting everybody out quickly and safely . " The embassy says that the train to and from Cusco and Machu Picchu has been canceled because of landslides , and the roads in and out of Machu Picchu have been closed . One bridge had collapsed and water has covered the other . "  Peruvian authorities are working to open a route out of Machu Picchu , " the embassy said in a message . Cusco is the closest major city to Machu Picchu . That 's where Pamela Alvarez , 29 , works as a receptionist at the Royal Inka Hotel . She said a Brazilian guest went to Machu Picchu , got stuck there with everyone else and has been unable to come back to the hotel for two days . "  All the people are in the train station , waiting for helicopters so they can get out to go to Cusco , " she said . Boutelle said she and her tour group visited Machu Picchu on Sunday and stayed overnight on Monday , but she had n't been able to leave since then . She said she and others have been been well-sheltered and well-fed at a hotel , but endured inconveniences . For example , people came to Machu Picchu for the day from their hotels in Cusco without the proper amount of clothing or medication for an extended period . Boutelle said she and her husband are among a handful left from their group , most of whom have been airlifted out . They had hoped to leave on Tuesday after wearily standing in an evacuation line for hours during a chaotic day where people jostled to get on helicopters . But they never made it out and were hopeful that they could leave as soon as possible . "  We hope today , but we 're pessimistic about it , " she said . "  It 's going to take a long time to evacuate . " Several people fretted about the predicament . Roberto Rocafort , a 64-year-old tour manager , said officials in the town have n't been prepared to deal with the eventuality and he said conditions resembled a "  war zone " for many of the people stranded . News reports say people are sleeping on the street , in gyms , schools , trains and tents . Wearing days-old clothing , sleeping outside , and lacking money and access to proper medications add up to an "  alarming , difficult and scary " situation , Rocafort said . Rocafort said he 's worried food supplies will dwindle greatly in days if help is n't accelerated . "  We need the U.S.A. to help us , " Rocafort said . Rocafort said that thousands of Argentines enjoying their summertime are in the town . Argentine Consul in Lima Gabriel Volpi said that about 600 Argentine tourists were trapped and that one of them has died . A weather alert has been issued for southern Peru , which has received record rainfall over the past three days , according to the Peruvian national weather service . More rain is expected through Friday , though less than what 's already drenched the region . A state of emergency has been declared in southeastern Peru , which includes Machu Picchu , according to Javier Velasquez , the president of Peru 's Cabinet . Machu Picchu is the ancient Incan city on a mountain in the Andes , standing nearly 8,000 feet -- 2,340 meters -- above sea level in a tropical mountain forest . Known as the "  Lost City of the Incas , " Machu Picchu is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and draws tens of thousands of international tourists every year . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza and Mark Bixler contributed to this report .	NEW : Hundreds of tourists are stranded by days of heavy rain in southeastern Peru NEW : Some 10,000 people have been affected and 2,000 homes ruined , authorities say NEW : "  Weather 's help " needed to speed evacuations , Peruvian official quoted as saying Mudslides cut train line to ancient Inca citadel of Machu Picchu
Washington  CNN  -- An independent review of the September 11 attacks on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi released Tuesday cited "  systemic failures and leadership and management deficiencies " at the State Department . The attacks killed four Americans , including U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens . The failures resulted in a security plan "  that was inadequate for Benghazi and grossly inadequate to deal with the attack that took place , " the 39-page , unclassified version of the report concluded . Read the independent panel 's full report Veteran diplomat Thomas Pickering and former Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen , both members of the review board , are scheduled to brief members of the House Foreign Affairs and Senate Foreign Relations committees in private on Wednesday . The board cited a lack of resources as at least partly to blame . "  The solution requires a more serious and sustained commitment from Congress to support State Department needs , " it said . The board found that Washington tended "  to overemphasize the positive impact of physical security upgrades ... while generally failing to meet Benghazi 's repeated requests " to beef up personnel . The board completed its investigation this week and sent a copy Monday to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who said in letters to the heads of those committees that she accepted every one of its 24 recommendations . They include strengthening security , adding fire-safety precautions and improving intelligence collection in high-threat areas . Benghazi siege : The ambassador 's last minutes The report said "  there was no protest prior to the attacks , " which it described as "  unanticipated in their scale and intensity . " It also cited the Bureau of Diplomatic Security staff as "  inadequate " in Benghazi on the day of the attack and in the months and weeks leading up to it , "  despite repeated requests from Special Mission Benghazi and Embassy Tripoli for additional staffing . " The report said there had been a "  lack of transparency , responsiveness , and leadership at the senior levels " in Washington , Tripoli and Benghazi . "  Security in Benghazi was not recognized and implemented as a ` shared responsibility ' by the bureaus in Washington charged with supporting the post , resulting in stove-piped discussions and decisions on policy and security , " it said . "  That said , Embassy Tripoli did not demonstrate strong and sustained advocacy with Washington for increased security for Special Mission Benghazi . " The report said the short-term nature of the mission 's staff , many of whom were inexperienced U.S. personnel , "  resulted in diminished institutional knowledge , continuity and mission capacity . " The mission was also "  severely under-resourced with regard to certain needed security equipment , " it said . It singled out for criticism the dependence on "  poorly skilled " members of the Libyan February 17 Martyrs ' Brigade and unarmed local guards who were supposed to provide security . It noted that , at the time of Stevens ' visit , militia members "  had stopped accompanying Special Mission vehicle movements in protest over salary and working hours . " Benghazi problems suggest long list of changes for security of diplomats Though it said there had been no specific , credible threats on the day of the attack , the significance of the anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks in 2001 had led Stevens to decide to hold meetings on the compound on September 11 of this year . But security systems and the Libyan response "  fell short " when the compound came was penetrated "  by dozens of armed attackers . " The report offers a detailed description of what happened that night . It said Libyan mission guards were not present , local militia fled their posts and "  there simply was not enough time for armed U.S. military assets to have made a difference . " The board said it could not determine how a gate at the compound was breached , "  but the speed with which attackers entered raised the possibility " that the guards had left it open . Eric Boswell , assistant secretary of state for diplomatic security , and Charlene Lamb , deputy assistant secretary of state for international programs , oversaw decisions on security at the diplomatic outpost . Lamb testified before Congress about the security precautions . Documents show Lamb denied repeated requests for additional security in Libya . Despite all the criticism , the board found no U.S. government employee had engaged in misconduct or ignored responsibilities and did not recommend any individual be disciplined . Clinton , who is recovering from a stomach virus and concussion , ordered the review in the aftermath of the attack . Such reports are mandated by Congress when Americans working on behalf of the U.S. government are killed overseas . State Department : Clinton not dodging Benghazi hearings A notice sent to State Department employees said the implementation team had met Tuesday and would continue to do so regularly to carry out the board 's recommendations . The politics surrounding the events that led to the report have claimed one political casualty , with Susan Rice , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , last week pulling her name from consideration to succeed Clinton . Some Republican senators had said they would put a hold on her nomination if President Barack Obama had submitted it , based on comments Rice made in the days after the attack . In place of Clinton , Deputy Secretaries of State William Burns and Thomas Nides will testify before the House and Senate committees Thursday . Read more : Benghazi attack back in the spotlight Read Clinton 's letter to the Committee on Foreign Affairs chairman Read Clinton 's letter to Sen. John Kerry	The report cites "  management deficiencies " at high levels of the State Department It concludes "  there was no protest prior to the attacks " on September 11 Staffing for the Bureau of Diplomatic Security was "  inadequate , " report says
CNN  -- A chemist accused of failing to follow protocols at a Massachusetts crime lab had been involved in testing some 50,000 drug samples , potentially opening the door to a swath of legal challenges , officials said Wednesday The list of samples was turned over to prosecutors and public defenders on Tuesday . The samples were tested during Annie Dookhan 's nine-year term at the facility , state authorities said . The samples were from an estimated 34,000 cases Dookhan worked on during her career , authorities said . "  Fifty-thousand drug samples in question could mean numerous wrongful convictions , vacated sentences , dismissed cases , overturned convictions and so on , " said Anne Goldbach , forensic services director Committee for Public Counsel Services . "  Whether or not all those samples were affected , we do n't know . " Goldbach said investigators first learned of a breach in protocol in February over a June 2011 incident in which samples were incorrectly catalogued . "  This is going to be a huge amount of work for both defense and prosecution attorneys and a huge drain in resources in attempting to figure out the extent of the situation , " Goldbach said . The Boston lab certified drug samples for Massachusetts law enforcement before Gov. Deval Patrick ordered it closed August 30 in the wake of an investigation into the scandal . "  This is deeply troubling information , " Patrick said in statement last week . "  No breach this serious can or will be tolerated . The State Police will continue their investigation to determine what happened and who is responsible so that we can hold those accountable . " The state 's Department of Public Health said it had "  placed an additional lab supervisor on leave pending the outcome of our investigation . " "  Our job now is to continue to work with the Attorney General 's Office to get to the bottom of what went wrong , assign accountability where it is warranted and prevent this type of breach from happening again . " Dookhan could not be immediately reached comment .	List of samples is turned over to prosecutors and public defenders on Tuesday Goldbach says investigators first learned of a breach in protocol in February The scandal possibly opens the door to a swath of new legal challenges , officials say
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova remains on track for a first French Open title after reaching the last 16 with a comprehensive win over Taiwanese qualifier Chan Yung-Jan on Saturday . The former world No. 1 , who has won the other three grand slam titles , is among the favorites following the earlier exits of top seeds Caroline Wozniacki and Kim Clijsters . The Russian , seeded seventh , won 6-2 6-3 against her 129th-ranked opponent . She set up a fourth-round clash with Agnieszka Radwanska as she seeks her best showing at Roland Garros since reaching the semifinals in 2007 . Polish 12th seed Radwanska , who has beaten Sharapova only once in seven meetings , also won in straight sets as she defeated Belgium 's No. 21 Yanina Wickmayer 6-4 6-4 . Wozniacki dumped out of French Open "  It 'll be a really tough match because I think this is one of her best surfaces , " Sharapova , who counts clay as her least favorite , told reporters . "  She 's a really good mover and gets a lot of balls back . " The winner of their match will face either Russian 25th seed Maria Kirilenko , who had no problems in ending the run of Clijsters ' young Dutch conqueror Arantxa Crus , or Germany 's Andrea Petkovic . Petkovic , seeded 15th , overcame Australian No. 24 Jarmila Gajdosova 6-2 4-6 6-3 to reach the fourth round for a third successive grand slam event , having lost in the quarterfinals of this year 's Australian Open . Fourth seed Victoria Azarenka is one of Sharapova 's main threats to the title , and the Belarusian moved into the last 16 with a comfortable 6-3 6-2 win over Italy 's Roberta Vinci . Azarenka reached the quarterfinals in 2009 , and will seek to emulate that effort by beating Russia 's world No. 33 Ekaterina Makarova -- who eliminated Estonian 16th seed Kaia Kanepi 6-4 7-5 . The winner of that match will face either Chinese sixth seed Li Na or Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic . Australian Open runner-up Li equaled her best performance in Paris , in 2009 , by beating Romania 's Sorana Cirstea 6-2 6-2 , while ninth seed Kvitova defeated American Vania King 6-4 6-2 . Meanwhile , Swiss player Patty Schnyder has announced her retirement from tennis at the age of 32 following her first-round exit in Paris . The former world No. 7 has won 11 titles in a 17-year career , reaching 27 finals . Her best performance at a grand slam was reaching the semifinals of the 2004 Australian Open , while she helped Switzerland reach the Fed Cup final for the only time in 1998 .	Former world No. 1 Maria Sharapova cruises into fourth round at Roland Garros Russian seventh seed seeking to win the only grand slam yet to elude her Fourth seed Victoria Azarenka also progresses into the last 16 in Paris Belarusian joined by Chinese sixth seed Li Na and Czech No. 9 Petra Kvitova
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova pulled out of the season ending WTA Championships in Istanbul Monday , still plagued by a troubling right shoulder injury . The Russian World No. 3 has only played one match in the second half of 2013 and has admitted defeat in her battle to get fit for the prestigious tournament in Turkey later this month . "  I am very disappointed that I will not be able to play in the TEB BNP Paribas WTA Championships this year , " she told her official website . "  The fans in Istanbul have welcomed us each year with such intense passion and warmth , I will sincerely miss the energy and excitement they brought to the year-end tournament . " Last year 's tournament was played to capacity crowds in the Sinan Erdem Dome and Sharapova progressed to the final where she was beaten in straight sets by current No. 1 Serena Williams . Sharapova showed fine form in the first half of this year , winning two tournaments and losing to the dominant Williams in the final of the French Open . But at Wimbledon she lost in the second round to qualifier Michelle Larcher de Brito before injury problems struck again . Sharapova has battled shoulder injuries throughout her career and underwent major surgery in October 2008 . She defied the doubters to return to the upper echelons of the rankings , capped by her French Open triumph in 2012 , completing a career grand slam of the major titles . Sharapova will now bid to recuperate in time for the 2014 Australian Open in January . Meanwhile , the WTA announced that Petra Kvitova of the Czech Republic , Italy 's Sara Errani and Jelena Jankovic had clinched their place in the eight-strong field for Istanbul . They join Williams , Victoria Azarenka , Agnieszka Radwanska and Li Na in the $ 6 million event with one place still to be decided .	Maria Sharapova withdraws from WTA Championships in Istanbul Season ending finale in Istanbul from October 22-27 Sharapova 's season wrecked by right shoulder injury Serena Williams will be defending the title in Turkey
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Dozens of members of the group "  Ladies in White " were detained Sunday in Havana and several -- including the group 's leader -- were unaccounted for and believed to be under arrest , a group member said . The organization , "  Damas de Blanco " in Spanish , is composed of the family members of Cuban dissidents , many of whom have been jailed . Every Sunday , the women march silently from a Havana church to their homes to protest against the Cuban government . The island 's government says the women are paid by the United States to create disturbances on the island . "  We were doing our march as we usually do when women dressed in civilian clothes stopped us , " said group member Katia Sonia . Sonia said she recognized the women as state security agents . She said the women made the 22 marchers get into vans and cars . They were then taken to a police station and questioned , Sonia said . All 22 women were later released , she said . But 52 other women , including group leader Bertha Soler , who did not arrive at the church for Mass , were unaccounted for , Sonia said . She said other members had heard the women were detained as they made their way to the Mass. . The Ladies in White have asked to meet with Pope Benedict XVI when he makes his first visit to Cuba in a week . So far Cuba 's Catholic Church has not responded to their request . Sunday was the ninth anniversary of what is known in Cuba as "  the Black Spring , " when 75 dissidents were arrested by the government .	The Ladies in White are relatives of Cuban dissidents They silently march on Sundays to protest against the Cuban government A group member said several were detained by authorities on Sunday
CNN  -- Tens of millions in the central and eastern United States are bearing the full brunt of summer , in all its sweltering and stormy fury . Temperatures Friday soared past 100 degrees Fahrenheit from Topeka , Kansas , to Washington , and the same scorching conditions are expected to continue through the weekend and beyond . Even as evening set in Friday , the headaches were n't over . A powerful line of severe thunderstorms moved across the Midwest -- "  fueled by record-high temperatures across the region , " according to the National Weather Service -- bringing with them lightning and wind gusts as strong as 80 mph . As they moved east from Indiana through Ohio and into West Virginia , the storms caused damage that contributed to power outages that affected more than 2 million homes by 11:30 p.m. ET Friday , according to utilities . "  The storms may reach as far as the Atlantic coast by late tonight or early Saturday morning , " the weather service said . "  People planning outdoor activities this evening in the path of the squall line are urged to pay attention to local weather warnings and take shelter as storms approach . " It 's part of a massive system that has left one in three Americans baking in scorching heat and has threatened lives and doled out misery for those not fortunate enough to find a splash of cool water or air conditioning . Heat warnings , watches or advisories Friday spanned 730,000 square miles of the central and eastern United States , an area roughly the size of Mexico , CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller said . About 100 million people were affected , he said . "  If you do n't have a good pair of boots , it 'll burn clear through to your feet , " said roofer Zach Bruner in Evansville , Indiana , where he said the 103-degree temperatures were spiking to 130 on the job site . WIS : Lexington , South Carolina , police battle heat Joyce Ablog , a dentist in the same southwestern Indiana city , tested the heat by putting a sheet of raw cookies inside her car . Hours later , she found them nice and brown -- if not necessarily cooked all the way through . "  I 've always heard about it being so hot I 'd fry an egg on a sidewalk , " she told HLN on Friday . "  I really do n't want to try to eat an egg off the sidewalk . So I thought , why not cookies ? " By midafternoon Friday , temperatures had climbed to 100 degrees in Indianapolis ; 101 in Richmond , Virginia ; and 102 degrees in St. Louis , where highs were forecast to stay above 100 through Thursday , the National Weather Service said . And it felt even hotter in some places , with the heat index topping out around 115 degrees . KSHB : Man , infant dead because of Kansas City heat The Jackson County medical examiner , in western Missouri , is investigating three deaths that may be related to the heat , according to information on the Kansas City Health Department 's Twitter feed . One case involves a male , born in 1952 , and a young boy born last year ; the other suspected heat-related death is another man , born in 1943 . The medical examiner in Harris County , Texas , is also looking into whether a 62-year-old Houston woman found Thursday died from heat-related causes , CNN affiliate KHOU reported . Some places have been sweltering for days , and there 's little relief in sight for many with temperatures expected to remain roasting through next week , if not longer . "  Heat-related illness such as heat exhaustion or heat stroke are a real threat , " the National Weather Service said in issuing an excessive heat warning through Sunday for eastern Missouri , including St. Louis , where temperatures should soar up to 106 this weekend . "  This is especially true because of the longevity of this heat wave , and the effects of extreme heat are cumulative . " In Springfield , about 215 miles southwest of St. Louis , high temperatures prompted city officials to open eight cooling centers and extend pool hours , steps similar to those taken by many other municipalities , including ones more than 1,000 miles away in the Washington area . 5 tips to survive extreme heat In Memphis , Tennessee , where highs hit 105 degrees Friday , firefighters went door to door , checking on residents to make sure they 're bearing the weather well . Churches and faith-based institutions were also urged to reach out to people and to ask people to check on their neighbors and relatives . WCSC : New weather bug system could keep carriage horses healthy "  Please , if you know of someone who does n't have air conditioning or who might be struggling with the heat , just stop by and see how they are doing , " Mayor A.C. Wharton Jr. urged residents in a news release . Excessive heat warnings , issued by the National Weather Service when "  a prolonged period of dangerously hot temperatures will occur , " were posted for 12 states , from Nebraska to New Jersey , with watches and advisories posted for at least six other states . Arizona was also under an excessive heat warning , with a predicted high Friday in the Phoenix area of 112 degrees . In locales not doused by thunderstorms , excessive heat is affecting air quality . Citizens of metro Atlanta experienced their first "  code red smog alert " since 2010 , according to the Clean Air Campaign , a partnership between employers and the state transportation department . Other metro areas on the East Coast were also feeling the heat and its repercussions . That includes New York , where there is an air quality alert and heat advisory out through the weekend because of heat indices that probably will hover just below or surpass 100 . WDIV : Heat wave leaves farm animals with little food This kind of heat is nowhere near normal for this time of year , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said , pointing to a statement from the National Weather Service that said all but one of the 52 record-high temperatures reached in 2012 have come in the past seven days . This month , 21 high-temperature records have been set , and 30 have been tied , according to Greg Carbin , warning coordination meteorologist for the Storm Prediction Center . That 's on top of 45 records set or tied in June 2011 , Carbin said . The conditions have people young and old doing whatever they can to beat the heat . Among them was a 2-year-old named Kayden who spread his arms wide and made a dash for the center of Atlanta 's Centennial Olympic Park fountain on Friday afternoon . The fountain , which is usually crowded with children and their parents during the summer months , had been cleared for a midafternoon water show featuring the song "  Under the Sea . " But Kayden did n't care . It was hot , and the water looked good . His mother , 21-year-old Domonique Pagan , is from Boston and said that after seven years in Georgia , she still is n't accustomed to such heat . "  Are you kidding ? " she said . "  I 'm about to die out here . I 'll never get used to this . " CNN 's Nick Valencia , Melissa Abbey and Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	NEW : Storms cause about 2 million power outages from Indiana to West Virginia Authorities around Kansas City are probing 3 deaths that may be heat-related One-third of the U.S. population was under some kind of heat warning Friday The scorching conditions are expected to stretch into next week in some places
CNN  -- France 's history at major tournaments recently suggests no one should be calling "  Les Bleus " title contenders at this year 's World Cup just yet but after Friday 's game against Switzerland even the team 's harshest critics must be optimistic . France crushed Switzerland 5-2 in Salvador and almost booked its spot in the second round with two wins from as many games in Group E . The last time the French went 2-0 to start a World Cup , it won the title on home soil in 1998 . Now that 's a good omen . Things could still go wrong , however . Look at the European Championships two years ago , when Laurent Blanc led a long unbeaten French side to Poland and Ukraine . Still unbeaten and already qualified for the quarterfinals with a game to spare , France came unstuck in a dead rubber against Sweden and subsequently crumbled against Spain . The infighting , present in South Africa in 2010 , resurfaced . Current French boss Didier Deschamps -- Blanc 's teammate on the World Cup winning squad -- is so far managing to keep the side unified and has found a way to unlock striker Karim Benzema . Benzema netted twice against Honduras in the opening 3-0 victory and scored again against the fragile Swiss , adding two assists . France threatened to score almost every time it went forward . Striker Olivier Giroud was hoping for a start against the Swiss and Deschamps duly inserted the Arsenal man into the lineup . He repaid his manager with a header in the 17th minute and less than a minute later , the French realistically put the Swiss away as Blaise Matuidi beat keeper Diego Benaglio with a low shot to the near post . It would have been three had Benzema not seen his penalty saved by Benaglio . The football was still free flowing and it came as no surprise when Giroud set up Mathieu Valbuena from close range in the 40th minute . Benzema made it four in the 67th minute before Moussa Sissoko further humbled the Swiss six minutes later . Two Swiss goals in the final 10 minutes made the score respectable . Blerim Dzemaili beat Hugo Lloris with a low free kick in the 81st minute and Granit Xhaka cut the deficit to three in the 87th . Those goals could be pivotal for the Swiss given goal difference is the first criteria to separate teams when tied in the standings . Thus , when Benzema had a goal disallowed because the final whistle blew , there was more relief for Switzerland . Switzerland remains on three points , while Ecuador rose to three and leapfrogged Switzerland on goal difference by later defeating Honduras 2-1 . Valencia shines With both teams realistically needing a win to progress to the next round , the first half between Ecuador and Honduras was messy but delightfully end-to-end in Curitiba . Enner Valencia spurned a chance early for the South Americans and Honduras celebrated wildly when Carlo Costly scored his team 's first goal at a World Cup in 32 years with a low finish near the edge of the box . Instead of holding firm , though , Honduras quickly conceded in the 34th minute to reawaken Ecuador . Valencia , Ecuador 's talisman , was the quickest to react at the far post and poked the ball home from a few yards out as he scored in a sixth consecutive game for his country . Honduras ' burly central defender Victor Bernardez stung the palms of keeper Alexander Dominguez with an impressive long-range free kick just before halftime and Costly 's header struck the bar in stoppage time . The ball went into the net on a rebound , though the officials rightly ruled that Jerry Bengtson used his arm to score . After the interval , Felipe Caicedo seemed to be fouled by Honduras ' Maynor Figueroa in the box but the referee signaled play to continue . Honduras had another goal disallowed thanks to offside and Valencia soared above the defense to deposit his winning header home from Walter Ayovi 's pinpoint free kick in the 65th . Costly narrowly missed latching on to a low cross and Figueroa 's shot from distance was n't far off but Ecuador hung on . Although France is in pole position and Honduras needs a minor miracle to advance , nothing officially has been decided in the group . France plays Ecuador and Switzerland plays Honduras on Wednesday .	France takes command of Group E by crushing Switzerland 5-2 in Salvador Karim Benzema scores again for France and also added two assists France climbs to six points from two games , three more than Switzerland Ecuador collects first win in group by beating Honduras 2-1 in Curitiba
Some may call it serendipity , others divine intervention . Either way , circumstances prevented two families from boarding doomed AirAsia Flight QZ8501 . In one case , it was missed emails . In another , an illness in the family . As a result , 15 people -- seven of them children -- are alive and well . ` Truly a miracle ' It was no stroke of luck but an act of God that her father caught hepatitis , said Inge Goreti Ferdiningsih , because it made her family cancel their tickets on the AirAsia flight a day before it took off . "  We are extremely grateful , and God is really great , " she said . "  I believe that God is saving and protecting us , and this is truly a miracle . " Inge Goreti booked the family vacation nine months earlier . Her father was n't booked on the trip , and her younger sister was staying by his side . So , Inge Goreti could still have gone , with her husband and three children . ` Feeling in my heart ' The bags stood packed and ready , and the family was full of anticipation for the Singapore vacation . Christopher 10 , Nadine , 7 , and Felix , 5 , were psyched about taking a local ship cruise , splashing at a water park and watching animals perform at Sea World . But then Inge Goreti 's sister called from a hospital , where she had taken their father after he complained of stomach pains . The diagnosis : hepatitis . The news tugged at her . "  I had this feeling in my heart that I wanted to be with my dad , " Inge Goreti said . So , she called off the trip Saturday , a day before the flight . Christopher had a hard time accepting it . He was so looking forward to the trip and became very upset , she said . ` We were late ' An aversion to phone messages may have spared another family . Christianawati was going to ring in the New Year in Singapore with her family and her brother 's family , she told a French news agency . Ten were traveling in all . But her brother forgot to check messages from AirAsia telling them that the flight was leaving two hours before the original departure time . "  They emailed and called us on December 15 and 16 to inform us , but we missed those calls , " Christianawati , who goes by one name , told Agence France-Presse . "  So we arrived at the airport to check in for the 7:30 a.m. flight but were told our flights had been rescheduled to 5:30 a.m. , and we were late . Of course we were angry , " she said . Some family members pulled up in their car just in time to see the last passengers whisk past them into the boarding lounge , The Sydney Morning Herald reported . But Christianawati 's family was traveling in two cars , and one was lagging behind . They just missed the flight . Then they heard the news . "  Maybe it is all God 's plan that my family and I were not on the flight , " Christianawati said . "  It was a blessing in disguise . " ` Broke down and cried ' Early Sunday , at Inge Goreti 's home , the phone rang -- a few times . "  We received calls from relatives regarding the plane that lost contact , " Inge Goreti said . "  We all broke down and cried . " Sunday evening , the family went to church to give thanks . But mixed with Inge Goreti 's tears of relief have been tears of sadness . She recognized names on Flight QZ8501 's passenger manifest , she said . Friends and colleagues were on board .	It 's an act of God that her father got hepatitis , says woman who canceled her family 's flight Her brother forget to check emails , and it made their family miss the plane , another says Seven members of the two families who did not board QZ8501 are children Family members break down into tears when they hear the news of the missing plane
Northern Syria  CNN  -- Down a steep stone stairway and into the darkness lies a cold chamber that looks more like a dungeon than a home . But this is where the Kurdiye family has been hiding from bombardment for four months . "  The strikes were all around us . We just ran out , with nothing , " 20-year-old Fatme said . "  We just ran and ran down here , and the shrapnel was falling all over . " Read more : Obama warns al-Assad against chemical weapons Since then , the Kurdiyes have occasionally darted back home to collect belongings . As Fatme tells her story , another explosion booms from above . "  There would be bombing like that , and we 'd come running back here , " she said . The family 's home is just five doors away . But it 's right in one of Aleppo 's front lines in Syria 's relentless civil war . It has been hit by artillery fire since the family fled . Read more : As fighting subsides , Aleppo residents find little left "  We go home every two weeks to shower , fearful and terrorized , " Fatme 's mother said . "  We have a weak home . It could crumble any moment . " But the last time the family ventured out was three weeks ago . Fatme and her young sister want to leave to anywhere they can feel the sun and smell fresh air . The chamber is more like a grave sometimes , Fatme 's sister says . But their father refuses . "  Poor but proud , " Fatme 's father said . He does n't want to be at the mercy of others . Here , he can send his son to scrape some money and buy a little food . Fatme 's mother has nightmares her children are dead . She said she feels her heart is going to burst with each explosion . "  I just tell her it 's far away and not to be scared , " Fatme said . But sometimes the bombings are so close , family members say they choke on the dust . "  What can we say , we 're living in a prison , " Fatme said . But no one knows when the prison sentence will end . NATO OKs Patriots and delivers warning	"  We go home every two weeks to shower , fearful and terrorized , " a mother says The Kurdiye family 's home is on the front lines of fighting in Aleppo It has been hit by artillery fire since the family fled Though they hide underground , the Kurdiyes say they choke on dust from bombings
CNN  -- Kyoto , Japan 's capital from 794 to 1868 , is one of the biggest stars on the Japan tourism trail , recently voted "  world 's best city " by Travel + Leisure magazine readers . Is it deserving of the title ? Definitely . Unless you 're a traveler under the age of 12 and do n't give a hoot about learning the correct way to whisk a bowl of matcha green tea , exploring ancient UNESCO World Heritage sites or counting how many torii gates there are at the Fushimi Inari-Taisha Shrine  10,000 , for the record  . When traveling to Kyoto with kids , the mutinous cries of "  Not another zen garden , dad ! " will inevitably ring out , threatening to derail that dream family vacation . This is when you need to hit the Toei Kyoto Studio Park -- or Toei Uzumasa Eigamura -- and spend an afternoon geeking out on some of the most familiar icons of Japanese pop culture , from samurais and geisha to "  Dragon Ball " and "  Sailor Moon . " ` The Hollywood of Japan ' First , you 'll need to toss your Universal Studios fantasies out the sliding shoji screen door . There are no rides here . This theme park celebrates the best of Japanese film-making , filled with huge Edo-period  1600-1867  sets you can explore on foot -- preferably decked out in a funny samurai-style wig you rented in the costume shop near the entrance . Often overshadowed by its traditional cultural allures , Kyoto was called the "  Hollywood of Japan " between the 1920s and 1960s , until its thriving film industry went into decline . In response , film-making leader Toei Studios Kyoto opened up parts of its sets to the public in 1975 . Further development followed and the theme park grew in popularity among tourists . Today , many of Japan 's "  jidaigeki " period dramas are still filmed on these sets . On my recent weekday visit to the Toei Kyoto Studio Park , crowds were light and no TV shoots were taking place , but I was able to get a behind-the-scenes sample of what happens on a typical Japanese historical drama shoot at the park 's Jidaigeki Show . More relevant to most foreign visitors , however , is the Anime Museum , filled with impressive displays , pictures and cells from shows produced by the Toei film company 's animation arm , including "  Kamen Rider , " "  Sailor Moon , " "  Dragon Ball " and "  Super Sentai , " on which the U.S. based its popular "  Power Rangers " series . In addition to Toei 's dozens of film-related displays , the park has live ninja and samurai shows , a Haunted House , Ninja Mystery House , Trick Art Museum , 3D theater , maze of illusions , science museum , indoor kids play areas and a lovely Japanese "  ukiyo-e " woodcut print gallery . Haunting , but not horrifying Given that the Toei film company is behind some pretty terrifying horror flicks , as well as the controversial cult classic "  Battle Royale , " I expect something a bit more grotesque than what awaited in the Haunted House . Still , it 's pretty darn scary , in a slightly cheesy way . The sound effects alone left me fighting an urge to seek out an emergency "  chicken " exit as I hissed aloud , "  Why did I come in here ? "  Expletive deleted . An actor , playing the role of a bloodied "  dead " body , popped up in silent reply . Next , bearing in mind the words of author Jarius Raphel -- "  Ninjas do n't wish upon a star , they throw them " -- I eagerly hit the Ninja Mystery House , where staff conducted a quick primer on the history of the cloaked assassins ' residences before setting me free to get out of a fun maze of false walls and doors . Alas , no ninja stars were thrown . Over in the Trick Art Museum , quirky 3D anamorphic art and props made for a perfectly Instagrammable experience . As I was traveling solo , a staff member was kind enough to accompany me through the space and take photos with my camera , doing a fine job of stifling her cringes as I struck awkward , unconvincing poses . Though few would likely make a special trip to Kyoto to see the Toei Studio Park , it 's definitely a kitschy and fun way to spend a few hours . Buy the kids a souvenir ninja costume with their own set of throwing stars and you might even earn yourself an extra day of zen garden exploration . Additional Toei Kyoto Studio Pak information Many of the shows are presented in Japanese only , but inasmuch as they 're highly visual , they 're still worth watching . Park displays include English text , while staff give out English-language maps at the entrance . Toei Kyoto Studio Park has multiple restaurants throughout , which serve Japanese , Chinese and Western cuisine . Admission is 2,200 yen  $ 21  for adults . Some attractions require an additional charge . Toei Kyoto Studio Park , JR Uzumasa Station ,10 Uzumasa , Hachigaoka-cho , Ukyo-ku , Kyoto ; +81  0  758647716 CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Kyoto was once called "  the Hollywood of Japan " due to high number of films shot in the city Toei Kyoto Studio Park features Edo-themed sets , samurai/ninja shows and a scary haunted house Anime Museum highlights shows produced by Toei including "  Sailor Moon , " "  Dragon Ball " and "  Super Sentai "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- All U.S. forces have vacated a military base in Pakistan , meeting a deadline set by Islamabad after a NATO airstrike killed dozens of soldiers , local military officials said Sunday . Pakistan requested U.S. forces to vacate the Shamsi Airbase by December 11 in response to the November 26th attack that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers in the northwest of the country . Fifty-one American personnel have left the air base , taking drone planes and other equipment with them , according to the Pakistani military officials . They did not want to be named because they are not authorized to talk to the media . Pakistan military has taken over the base , the officials said . Shamsi Airbase was one of two bases Pakistan provided the U.S. for their operations in the region . It was built in 1992 by Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan , the then ruler of the United Arab Emirates .	Pakistan requests U.S. forces vacate the Shamsi Airbase by December 11 Fifty-one American personnel have left the air base , military officials say
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The Vatican did not know about an American priest believed to have molested up to 200 boys until 20 years after civil authorities investigated and then dropped the case , its top spokesman said Thursday . Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi issued the statement in response to a New York Times story alleging that top Vatican officials , including the future Pope Benedict XVI , failed to discipline or defrock the now-deceased Rev. Lawrence C. Murphy of Wisconsin , despite warnings from several American bishops . But Jeff Anderson , a lawyer who obtained the internal church paperwork the newspaper based its story on , said it "  shows a direct line from the victims through the bishops and directly to the man who is now pope . " Lombardi rejected the accusation . "  During the mid-1970s , some of Father Murphy 's victims reported his abuse to civil authorities , who investigated him at that time , " Lombardi said . "  However , according to news reports , that investigation was dropped . " The Vatican 's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , the office led by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , who would later become pope , "  was not informed of the matter until some 20 years later , " Lombardi said . The office is in charge of deciding whether accused priests should be given canonical trials and defrocked . "  The case of Lawrence Murphy has been well-documented since the mid-1970s , when allegations were first reported to civil authorities , although criminal charges were not filed , " the Archdiocese of Milwaukee said in a statement Thursday . "  Murphy 's actions were criminal , and we sincerely apologize to those who have been harmed . The Archdiocese of Milwaukee continues to reach out to victims-survivors who were harmed by Lawrence Murphy and encourages them to report any abuse they suffered . " Anderson , a lawyer representing five men who are suing the archdiocese , obtained correspondence from Milwaukee to Ratzinger as part of the lawsuit , along with other internal church documents related to the case . The documents , dating to 1974 , include letters between bishops and the Vatican , victims ' affidavits , the handwritten notes of an expert on sexual disorders who interviewed Murphy and minutes of a final Vatican meeting on the case . Murphy began as a teacher for St. John 's School for the Deaf in St. Francis , Wisconsin , in 1950 , and was promoted to run the school in 1963 in spite of the fact that students had warned church officials of molestation , according to the documents , which CNN has seen . Many of Murphy 's victims were hearing-impaired . Ratzinger failed to respond to two letters about the case in 1996 from Milwaukee 's then-archbishop , Rembert G. Weakland . After eight months , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , who at the time was second in command of the doctrinal office and now is the Vatican 's secretary of state , told Wisconsin bishops to begin a secret canonical trial , the documents show . Lombardi said that church rules did not mean a priest would automatically be punished but that punishment , if warranted , could include being defrocked . "  In such cases , the Code of Canon Law does not envision automatic penalties but recommends that a judgment be made not excluding even the greatest ecclesiastical penalty of dismissal from the clerical state , " he said . "  In light of the facts that Father Murphy was elderly and in very poor health , and that he was living in seclusion and no allegations of abuse had been reported in over 20 years , the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith suggested that the Archbishop of Milwaukee give consideration to addressing the situation by , for example , restricting Father Murphy 's public ministry and requiring that Father Murphy accept full responsibility for the gravity of his acts , " the statement said , noting that Murphy died four months later . Three successive archbishops in Wisconsin were told of the abuse , but none reported it to criminal or civil authorities , according to Anderson , the lawyer . Lombardi , however , said that neither canon law nor Vatican norms prohibit the reporting of such cases to law enforcement . But "  he did not address why that had never happened in this case , " the Times said . The Archdiocese of Milwaukee said abuse was reported in fall 1973 to Milwaukee police , who turned the report over to St. Francis police , but no charges were filed . Murphy was removed in May 1974 as director of the St. John 's School for the Deaf but remained as fundraiser and alumni director until summer 1974 , when he was removed from any role at the school , according to a chronology posted on the archdiocese Web site . In August 1974 , a series of newspaper articles in the Milwaukee Sentinel reported on Murphy 's removal and the allegations , the chronology said . In September , he relocated to a family home in the Diocese of Superior . A district attorney reviewed the allegations against Murphy in fall 1974 , according to the archdiocese . A civil lawsuit was filed in 1975 against the archdiocese relating to Murphy but was resolved the following year , the chronology said . Murphy 's request for retirement was accepted in January 1993 , but restrictions against him were reinstated that year and reinforced twice . The bishops warned the Vatican , according to the newspaper , that failure to act on the matter could result in embarrassment to the Church . "  The tragic case of Father Lawrence Murphy , a priest of the Archdiocese of Milwaukee , involved particularly vulnerable victims who suffered terribly , " Lombardi said in the statement . "  By sexually abusing children who were hearing-impaired , Father Murphy violated the law and , more importantly , the sacred trust that his victims had placed in him . "  In the late 1990s , after over two decades had passed since the abuse had been reported to diocesan officials and the police , the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith was presented for the first time with the question of how to treat the Murphy case canonically , " the statement said . At the time , there was no procedure in place for reporting church abuse to the doctrinal office , according to Vatican sources . The office was informed of the matter , Lombardi said , because it involved abuse at confession , which is a violation of the Sacrament of Penance . St. John 's School for the Deaf closed in 1983 , the archdiocese said in its statement . "  Most importantly , today , no priest with any substantiated allegation of sexual abuse of a minor serves in public ministry in any way in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee . " CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	American priest believed to have molested up to 200 boys Authorities investigated Wisconsin priest and then dropped case Newspaper says officials , including future Pope Benedict XVI , failed to discipline priest
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic left the Arthur Ashe Stadium Court to jeers and catcalls after his U.S. Open quarterfinal victory over Andy Roddick on Thursday night . Novak Djokovic celebrates after defeating Andy Roddick at the U.S. Open on Thursday . The Flushing Meadows crowd was enraged by comments the Serbian made in his post-match interview in which he criticized home favorite Roddick in no uncertain terms . Djokovic had been angered by apparently light-hearted remarks made by Roddick in which he accused the world number three of feigning injuries . "  That 's not nice , anyhow , to say in front of this crowd that I have 16 injuries and that I 'm faking , " Djokovic blurted out after his four-set victory . "  They 're already against me , because they think I 'm faking everything . " In Djokovic 's last 16 match , a tough five-setter against Tommy Robredo , the reigning Australian Open champion called for the trainer several times as he dealt with hip , ankle , stomach and breathing issues . Asked then about Djokovic 's problems , Roddick joked whether the list should n't also include bird flu , anthrax , SARS and a common cold and said : "  He 's either quick to call a trainer or he 's the most courageous guy of all time . " What most irritated Djokovic was what Roddick said in an on-court interview on Tuesday : "  I 've got to feel good . He 's got about 16 injuries right now . " The remarks certainly acted as motivation , but he owed his 6-2 6-3 3-6 7-6 victory to uncharacteristic serving errors by eighth seed Roddick . After working his way back from a huge deficit , Roddick was two points from forcing a fifth set at 5-4 , 30-love in the fourth . But he double-faulted twice in a row and was broken for the fifth time -- twice more than he lost serve in his first four matches combined . "  You know what ? I honestly do n't feel like they were super-tight doubles , " Roddick told the Associated Press . "  I had been playing pretty high-risk , high-reward tennis to get back and I probably was n't about to stop . " Roddick was also asked about his verbal squabble with Djokovic and immediately apologized . "  It was completely meant in jest , " Roddick said , pausing to choose the right words . "  I should know better . But listen , I joke all the time . I do n't think anyone in their right mind takes me serious . " Both men spoke in private after the incident and Djokovic was also contrite in his post-match press conference . "  He made a joke and it was a misunderstanding , so I do n't blame it on him , " Djokovic said . "  Maybe I exaggerated and reacted bad in that moment . I apologize . " Third seed Djokovic was advancing to a semifinal meeting with former world number one Roger Federer , a rematch of last year 's U.S. Open final , which Federer won for his fourth consecutive title at Flushing Meadows . Federer -- bidding for a 13th major title , one shy of Pete Sampras ' record -- beat qualifier Gilles Muller 7-6 6-4 7-6 earlier on Thursday , again looking less than convincing in extending his own record by reaching the semifinals at an 18th consecutive grand slam tournament . New world number one Rafael Nadal will face Britain 's Andy Murray in the other semifinal on ' "  Super Saturday . " The men 's semifinals and women 's final are all scheduled for Saturday , but tournament organizers have seen forecasts calling for about 12 hours of rain and wind at up to 35 mph that day . So they began the process of negotiating with TV networks and preparing contingency plans , including weighing the possibility of announcing Friday that no tennis would be played Saturday , and that the men 's final would be shifted from Sunday to Monday . In the women 's semifinals on Friday , two-time champion Serena Williams faces Dinara Safina , and Jelena Jankovic meets Elena Dementieva . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Novak Djokovic beats Andy Roddick in U.S. Open quarterfinal clash Djokovic is jeered off court after post-match comments about Roddick Roddick had accused the Serbian of feigning injuries , both later apologize Djokovic will meet defending champion Roger Federer in semifinals
Seven Hong Kong police officers have been arrested for assault over an alleged case of police brutality at pro-democracy protests last month which shocked residents of the Chinese territory . Footage of the alleged assault , taken by a TV crew at the city 's main protest site in Admiralty on October 15 , was widely disseminated online , sparking an outcry from the public , politicians and rights groups . It appeared to show officers leading the man to a dark corner , where he was laid on the ground and repeatedly kicked and punched while others stood around , keeping watch . The alleged victim was identified as Ken Tsang , a member of the Civic Party political group . He is also a social worker and a member of the 1,200 member election committee that chooses Hong Kong 's leader . Photos were subsequently released by the Civic Party showing Tsang with a bruised face and welts on his back . In a statement Wednesday announcing the arrests , police addressed criticism they had taken too long to act , saying they had not delayed the handling of the case . The statement said Tsang had failed to show up to an identification parade Wednesday . Police hold Mong Kok The announcement came as police and protesters again faced off in the Mong Kok district Wednesday evening , hours after authorities cleared barricades and tents from a demonstration camp and arrested prominent pro-democracy activists . The clearances , which began Tuesday , were carried out in accordance with court injunctions obtained by local business interests , following complaints that the protests have disrupted commercial life in the city . In a major operation Wednesday morning , police and bailiffs had worked to reopen a major road which had been occupied to varying extents since pro-democracy protests erupted nearly two months ago . But as day turned into evening -- and many Hong Kong residents left work -- the bustling commercial district once again filled with thousands of people , some of them protesters and others curious onlookers . Some activists yelled : "  We want to take back the streets ! " as they faced off with police and sought to stir up the crowds . As the atmosphere heated up , Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung called on demonstrators not to reoccupy protest sites , according to public broadcaster Radio Television Hong Kong . Police said 159 people had been arrested for various offenses at the Mong Kok protest site since Tuesday , when authorities began their push to clear the Mong Kok site . Charges have included resisting police , illegal assembly , possession of weapons and attacking police , according to Alice Tam of the Police Public Relations Branch . Civil disobedience Joshua Wong , the 18-year-old founder of the student activist group Scholarism , was among a number of protest leaders arrested Wednesday as the demonstration camp was cleared . He was scheduled to appear in Kowloon City Court Thursday morning , according to Scholarism 's social media accounts . Also detained were student leaders Lester Shum and Jason Szeto , according to Hong Kong Federation of Students spokeswoman Yvonne Leung . Prior to his arrest , Shum , the deputy secretary general of the student federation , told CNN he urged protesters to remain on the streets until they were arrested . "  We will still conduct our civil disobedience action until the last second , " he said . Lawmaker and pro-democracy activist Leung Kwok-hung , commonly known as "  Long Hair , " was among those arrested during confrontations in Mong Kok a day earlier , his office confirmed . In the wake of the Mong Kok clearance , the Hong Kong Federation of Students said it may target government buildings to build pressure against the government . "  I think we have made it very clear that if they -LSB- the police -RSB- continue the violent way of clearing up the place , we will have further actions , " Leung told RTHK . "  The further actions include a possibility of some escalations pointed at government-related buildings or some of the government-related departments . " Universal suffrage Pro-democracy protesters have occupied camps in parts of the city for nearly two months , including a main protest site outside government buildings in Admiralty on Hong Kong Island . Seeking universal suffrage , they want to be able to nominate candidates for the election of the city 's chief executive in 2017 . Instead , China 's National People 's Congress has said they 'll be able to vote only for candidates from a shortlist approved by a pro-Beijing committee . Currently , the chief executive is elected by a specially appointed 1,200-member election committee . At the peak of the protests in early October , tens of thousands of people were on the streets at three locations . But numbers have dwindled as the protests have continued , and recent local polling suggests support has dipped . In a random survey of 513 people conducted by the University of Hong Kong , 83 % said pro-democracy protesters should cease their occupation of major roads in Hong Kong , while just 13 % said the protests should continue . Since the pro-democracy protests began on September 28 , 421 people have been injured , including 79 women , the Hong Kong Information Services Department said . Who 's who in the Hong Kong protests ?	Seven Hong Kong police officers are arrested for an alleged assault on a protester Footage of the alleged assault , in which the man was kicked and punched , caused outrage Authorities cleared a major pro-democracy protest site in Mong Kok Wednesday But hours after the road reopened , protesters took to the streets threatening to reoccupy
A federal investigator said he 's never seen a train climb an escalator like the one that jumped the tracks at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport early Monday . The crash of the Chicago Transit Authority Blue Line train injured 32 people , although none seriously , according to Chicago Fire officials . The eight-car train failed to stop at the end of the line when it arrived at the airport station at 2:52 a.m. , a Chicago Fire official said . The lead car appeared to have climbed an escalator adjacent to the passenger platform . "  I 've investigated many accidents and trains do different things , " National Transportation Safety Board investigator Tim DePaepe told reporters . "  It 's all about kinetic force . I have not seen an accident like this personally . " NTSB experts will examine video from station cameras and one on the front of the train for clues to the cause of the crash , DePaepe said . A union official told reporters Monday that the train 's driver may have fallen asleep , CNN affiliate WLS reported . "  There are indications that she dozed off , yes , " Amalgamated Transit Union Local 308 President Robert Kelly said , according to WLS . Almost all of the 32 people taken to four hospitals had been released by the afternoon , he said . Investigators are still waiting for the train operator to be released from the hospital so that they can talk to her , he said . The wrecked train will not be moved at least until Tuesday so that investigators can examine it , DePaepe said . Shuttle buses are carrying airport passengers to and from a nearby Blue Line station until then , a CTA official said .	There are "  indications " the train 's driver dozed off , union official says Almost all of the 32 people hurt have been released from hospitals , official says Video from the train and station wil be examined by investigators Blue Line train passes end of line , moves up escalator
Mashable  -- Microsoft has sold more than 10 million Kinect systems for the Xbox 360 to retailers , the company announced Wednesday . Kinect , a controller-free gaming system that competes with the Nintendo Wii and Playstation 3 Move , has been selling at an impressive rate since it launched in November . During the first three months after its launch , this rate was fast enough to earn Kinect the title of "  fastest-selling consumer device . " According to Guinness World Records , which officially confirmed the record today , Microsoft sold an average of 133,333 units per day between November 4 and January 3 . "  The sales figures here speak for themselves , " said Gaz Deaves , gaming editor for Guinness World Records in a statement from Microsoft . "  According to independent research , no other consumer electronics device sold faster within a 60-day time span , which is an incredible achievement considering the strength of the sector . " In comparison , it took the Nintendo Wii about two years to pass the 10 million sales mark  although to be fair , Nintendo 's system was about $ 100 more expensive at launch than Microsoft 's sensor  . Kinect sales have unsurprisingly slowed since the holiday season and the initial launch . If sales had continued at the newly announced record rate , Microsoft would be announcing it had sold more than 18 million units instead of 10 million . Even so , at this point it looks safe to call the device a smash hit .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Microsoft has sold more than 10 million Kinect systems for the Xbox 360 Kinect is a controller-free gaming system that launched in November Sales rate fast enough to earn Kinect title of "  fastest-selling consumer device "
CNN  -- Who was Robin Williams ? In the wake of his death from an apparent suicide , that question looms large as fans and friends try to grasp how someone who brought so much happiness to the world could leave it under a cloud of such despair . It 's the dichotomy of fame in that while a celebrity can be so well-known there are parts of their lives and selves they never share with the public . And while only his loved ones truly knew the private aspects of the Oscar-winning actor whose performances could elicit tears as easily as they could giggles , Williams did allow us to see how multifaceted he could be . These are just some of them : The devoted dad The last image Williams left for the world on his Instagram was a poignant one : a black and white image of the actor holding his then toddler daughter with the caption " #tbt and Happy Birthday to Ms. Zelda Rae Williams ! Quarter of a century old today but always my baby girl . Happy Birthday @zeldawilliams Love you ! " He posted a similar image earlier in honor of his son Zachary 's birthday . He often spoke lovingly of being father to the pair and another son , Cody . "  My children give me a great sense of wonder , " Williams said . "  Just to see them develop into these extraordinary human beings . " The prankster Sure he was funny on-screen , but Williams also liked to pull a leg or two in real life . He told fans during a 2013 Reddit "  Ask Me Anything " session that he once walked into a San Francisco sex shop in full Mrs. Doubtfire make-up and tried to buy a sex toy . "  And the guy was about to sell it to me until he realized it was me -- Robin Williams -- not an older Scottish woman coming in to look for a very large -LSB- sex toy -RSB- and a jar of lube , " Williams said . "  He just laughed and said "  what are you doing here " and I left . " The husband The actor was married three times . His union with Valerie Velardi from 1978 to 1988 produced his son Zachary . Williams was married to Marsha Garces from 1989 to 2010 , with whom he had Zelda and Cody . In 2011 , he married graphic designer Susan Schneider . The breakups were costly for Williams , he told Parade magazine . "  Divorce is expensive . I used to joke they were going to call it ` all the money , ' but they changed it to ` alimony . ' It 's ripping your heart out through your wallet . Are things good with my exes ? Yes . But do I need that lifestyle ? No . " The friend There was a good reason Williams has been so deeply mourned by his show business colleagues . He showed himself to be incredibly loyal to friends such as Jay Leno and the late Christopher Reeve , who came to love Williams before he was famous . After Williams ' death , Leno said , "  I saw him on stage that very first time he auditioned at the Improv in Los Angeles , and we have been friends ever since . It 's a very sad day . " Gilbert Gottfried : Robin Williams ' generous heart It was while students at Juilliard in New York City that Williams and Reeve -- who would find fame in the role as Superman in the '70s and '80s -- cemented a bond . In fact , after Reeve was paralyzed in a riding accident , he credited Williams with making him laugh again . Reeve was about to undergo a serious operation when Williams showed up dressed in surgical scrubs and speaking in a Russian accent , saying he needed to do a rectal exam . "  For the first time since the accident , I laughed , " Reeve said . "  My old friend had helped me know that somehow I was going to be OK . " The mentee While so many younger actors looked to Williams for inspiration , he was a a huge fan of the late comedian Jonathan Winters , whom Williams discovered as a child while watching Jack Paar on "  The Tonight Show " with his father . Years later , an adult Williams would share the "  Tonight Show " stage with Winters and cast Winters to play his son on his hit show "  Mork & Mindy . " When Winters died in 2013 , Williams wrote a moving appreciation of his mentor for The New York Times . "  No audience was too small for Jonathan , " Williams wrote . "  I once saw him do a hissing cat for a lone beagle . " The edgy actor His skills as a zany funny man were legendary , but Williams could also deliver riveting dramatic performances . 2002 was especially a break-out year for him as he played a killer in the film "  Insomnia " and a stalker photo technician in "  One Hour Photo . " Williams not only changed his look for the latter to play Seymour "  Sy " Parrish but he said in an interview that to prepare , he "  watched some interviews with serial killers -- ` Psychotics Through the Ages . ' It 's a collectible tape from Time-Life Books . But basically , it was using the material and extrapolating from there . " It 's a role that still astonishes . "  Williams ' finely calibrated performance was utterly free of the tics and affectations that are so tempting to someone who has come to count on and crave the audience 's love , " Washington Post critic Ann Hornaday writes . "  Rather than seek his fans ' approval with the actorly equivalent of ingratiating winks , Williams was willing to completely inhabit a character who was somehow terrifying , pathetic , creepy and vulnerable all at once . " The philanthropist As one of the co-hosts for Comic Relief 's debut in 1986 , he helped raise both funding for and awareness about the homeless . But that was just one of the many charities to which Williams gave his time and resources . Robin Williams ' legacy : A big heart for charity "  Robin came from a family with money -- he was brought up with a silver spoon in his mouth , and I think he felt so blessed that he wanted to do something for people who were n't brought up like that , " Comic Relief founder Bob Zmuda told The Los Angeles Times . The sports enthusiast Williams involvement with sports went beyond that time he dressed up a as Denver Broncos ' cheerleader for an episode of "  Mork & Mindy . " Robin Williams : His passion for cycling Die-hard fans remember his hilarious stand-up routine about the origins of golf , and he would often end up on the cam at various sporting events . The actor was a close personal friend of then-professional cyclist Lance Armstrong , who he would join in training . The sci-fi geek Perhaps it was playing an alien that did it . It turns out that Williams was a bit of a sci-fi geek who when asked his favorite book said , "  Oh my God , Isaac Asimov 's Foundation trilogy . It 's one of the greatest books of all time , and the greatest character is The Mule . " The man who struggled As shocking as his death has been , Williams was open about his issues with substance abuse and stints in rehab . He blamed his relapse into drinking for helping to end his second marriage . "  You know , I was shameful , and you do stuff that causes disgust , and that 's hard to recover from , " Williams told The Guardian in 2010 . "  You can say , ' I forgive you ' and all that stuff , but it 's not the same as recovering from it . It 's not coming back . " Robin Williams and the dark side of comedy Even then it seemed that Williams was trying to find his way . Asked whether he was happier in his life , he responded "  I think so . And not afraid to be unhappy . That 's OK too . And then you can be like , all is good . And that is the thing , that is the gift . " Complete coverage of Robin Williams Videos : The world according to Robin Williams 7 Robin Williams movies that made your childhood CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this story .	Robin Williams was more than just an actor and comic He revealed himself to fans in many ways Williams was open about some of his problems
Minneapolis  CNN  Unexpected car repairs can blow anyone 's budget . But when you 're struggling to make ends meet , the impact can extend well beyond your bank account . As a social worker in Minneapolis , Cathy Heying repeatedly saw how car problems could create a domino effect that endangered her clients ' health , their jobs , even their homes . For years , she wished someone would do something about the problem . Then one day Heying realized , "  Oh dang , I think that somebody might be me . " In 2008 , she quit her full-time job and enrolled in automotive school . Five years later , armed with a degree in auto technology , Heying founded The Lift . Her nonprofit garage provides steeply discounted car repairs to low-income individuals . The approach is simple : Heying sells parts at cost , with no markup , and charges $ 15 an hour for labor ; the going rate in Minneapolis is around $ 100 an hour . The result ? Big savings for her customers . And for those who ca n't pay in full , she will work out payment plans . To date , Heying has provided affordable car repairs to more than 300 low-income individuals , saving them more than $ 170,000 and keeping them on the road to success . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015 I talked with Heying about her career change and what she 's learned from her work . Below is an edited version of our conversation . Kathleen Toner : One day you 're a social worker , the next you 're in automotive school . What was that like ? Cathy Heying : Imagine a scene of a 38-year-old woman and 18-year-old boys . I want to talk about feelings and people , and they want to talk about cars . That sums it up . It was a huge culture shift and a huge knowledge shift . I had to use my brain very differently . I did not grow up working on cars . I did not have a father that wrenched on cars . It was not part of my life growing up . I taught myself a few things  like  changing oil . But for the most part , I had no skills around car maintenance . I cried all the way to school the first day 'cause I was like , "  What have I done ? " So it was terrifying and overwhelming . And at least three solid times in that first quarter , I was like , "  I 'm quitting . I can not do this . " See more CNN Heroes I give credit , at least in that first quarter , to one of my instructors who 's now on the board of The Lift , who kept saying , "  I know that you have a good vision here , and I 'm going to help you get through this . " And when I really thought about it , going to school is nothing compared to people who are trying to raise their kids on minimum wage , who are living with a broken-down car in subzero weather . Basically , I needed to buck up . Toner : What 's it like being a mechanic ? Heying : It 's physically hard . You find yourself in all sorts of crazy positions , digging under things . You 're lifting tires . You 're wrenching on things . But it is mentally challenging , and it can be really frustrating . Because you have all the pieces and for some reason , something is not working , and it 's like , "  What is it ? " And to really think thoroughly and understand full systems and how those systems play together , it is , I think , way more difficult than I think the average person thinks it is . I think of being a mechanic a lot like being a doctor . People come in , they give you a list of symptoms . You try to ask a lot of questions to narrow it down until we get an accurate diagnosis . And sometimes we get it wrong , but most of the time we get it right . But it is an art and a science mixed into one . It 's a very satisfying job , when you can have a car come in not starting and you send it out the door running . At the end of the day , you can feel really good because you can look back and be like , "  This is what I did today . " Toner : You 're also helping some of the mechanics on your staff . How so ? Heying : Different members of our staff have struggled with poverty and crisis in their own lives . Some of them have had interactions with the criminal justice system . Two of the three techs that we have I met when they were both experiencing homelessness . And they are all trained , formal , certified technicians . And so that is another piece of the work that we do at The Lift . We take a chance on folks who other places might not be willing to take a chance on . Toner : You save your clients a lot of money . How do they react ? Heying : For the most part , people are ecstatic when they get the bill . And that just makes such a huge difference in people 's lives . We had a customer in here a few weeks ago who is sleeping in his car . And he had just gotten released from the hospital because he had frostbite because he did n't have heat in his car . And so it 's not just about getting people to and from work or to and from school , even though that 's a really important piece of it . It 's really about protecting people 's lives . For many people , having a car that works and that is safe holds the rest of the pieces together . And it really allows them to remain independent , to remain self-sufficient , to meet the basic needs of their lives and do it with dignity . Want to get involved ? Check out The Lift Garage website at www.theliftgarage.org and see how to help .	Unlikely mechanic gives people in need a ` lift ' Trying to raise kids on minimum wage with a broken down car in subzero weather is tough Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2015 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- As we approach the Christmas and Hanukkah season , we should remember that the American commercial republic , too often criticized for greed and excess , is unparalleled in generosity . Canadian radio commentator Gordon Sinclair said in the 1970s , at the height of American criticism abroad , that the United States is the "  most generous and possibly the least appreciated people on all the Earth . " We are still the most generous people in the world today . Often the benefactors of American generosity capture it best . "  There is a reason the world always looks to America , " Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard said in an address to Congress this year . "  Your city on a hill can not be hidden . Your brave and free people have made you the masters of recovery and reinvention . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , in a separate address to Congress this year , echoed the sentiments , "  Providence entrusted the United States to be the guardian of liberty . All people who cherish freedom owe a profound debt of gratitude to your great nation . " The critics of the American capitalist system are many , but when disaster strikes , the world still turns to America . One thinks most recently of Japan and Haiti . Not only did the United States send hundreds of millions of dollars in aid , but it also sent troops , food , water and medical supplies . We remember the moving picture of "  Thank you USA " etched in the mud next to a rescue helicopter landing circle in Japan . In surveys taken around the world , the United States is most popular in Africa , a continent we 've given billions of dollars to help fight AIDS , starvation and other diseases . But we also donate more than money  and the U.S. foreign aid budget is the topic of much debate , and rightfully so  . Generations of Americans have sacrificed their lives to fight and die for freedom around the world . At home , with budget cuts affecting families , corporations and the government , Americans are still remarkably charitable . The Chronicle of Philanthropy , which tracks the corporate giving of America 's largest companies , recently reported that in 2010 , a very tough financial year , total cash donations by this group rose 13 % , to $ 4.9 billion . In 2010 , Kroger , the Cincinnati supermarket operator , gave away an astounding 10.9 % of its $ 589 million in 2009 pre-tax profits , totaling $ 64 million . Wal-Mart Stores donated the most cash last year , $ 319 million . As for individuals , a new American Red Cross poll suggests that while Americans had to tighten their budgets in 2011 , they are still as committed to giving to charity as ever . American generosity is not dependent on the government or public policy . It should be pointed out that conservatives , criticized by liberals as health care and welfare slashers and greedy capitalists , give far more to charity than liberals . Arthur Brooks wrote in his now-famous book , "  Who Really Cares , " that households headed by conservatives give 30 % more to charity than households headed by liberals . Conservatives also give more blood and donate more of their time to volunteer work , according to Brooks . Generosity is in no way demanded or required by our Constitution or laws , yet it is an inherent part of America 's cultural fabric . Compared to the rest of the world , American benevolence is unmatched . China , which boasts the second largest economy in the world , is one of the least generous nations on Earth when it comes to charitable contributions . In the annals of human history , there has never been a country as compassionate and generous as the United States . When Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn , the great Russian novelist who defied communism , visited America , he said , "  The United States has long shown itself to be the most magnanimous , the most generous country in the world . Wherever there is a flood , an earthquake , a fire , a natural disaster , an epidemic , who is the first to help ? The United States . Who helps the most and unselfishly ? The United States . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	The U.S. is unparalleled in generosity , says William J. Bennett Capitalism has its critics , but when disaster strikes , the world still turns to America , he says America 's largest companies made $ 4.9 billion in donations last year , Bennett says Bennett : American generosity is not dependent on the government or public policy
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A Nebraska man is expected to plead guilty next week to launching a cyber attack that shut down the Church of Scientology 's Web sites , federal prosecutors said Monday . Brian Thomas Mettenbrink , 20 , of Grand Island , Nebraska , was accused of participating in an attack orchestrated by a group that called itself "  Anonymous . " The group led protests against the church in various parts of the country before announcing in January 2008 that it would launch a cyber offensive , said Thom Mrozek of the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Los Angeles . Mettenbrink admitted in court that he downloaded software from an "  Anonymous " message board and used it to launch "  denial of service " attacks on Scientology Web sites . In such attacks , hackers flood a target site with so much traffic that it is unable to handle the volume and slows to a crawl or crashes altogether . As a result , the site is then unavailable to legitimate users . The group targeted the church after it forced Web sites to yank a leaked video of actor and church member Tom Cruise fervently making the case for Scientology . The video was intended for attendees at a church award ceremony in 2004 where Cruise was being honored . "  We are the authorities on getting people off drugs , we are the authorities on the mind , we are the authorities on improving conditions ... we can rehabilitate criminals , " Cruise says in the video . In 2008 , the video was leaked online and widely ridiculed . The church responded by threatening to sue Web sites unless they removed the clip . "  Anonymous " then launched its attack . As part of its offensive , the group asked Internet users to not only download the "  denial of service " software from its message board , but also to place prank phone calls , post proprietary church documents online , and send black pages to church fax machines to waste ink . The group posted a YouTube video that said it aimed to "  expel Scientology from the Internet . " "  Expect us , " the video ended . The attacks targeted local and global sites of the church . Mettenbrink is expected to plead guilty in federal court next week to a misdemeanor charge of accessing a protected computer with authorization . He agreed to serve a year in prison , Mrozek said . Mettenbrink 's is the second successful prosecution connected to the "  Anonymous " attacks . Last year , Dmitriy Guzner of Verona , New Jersey , was sentenced to a year and a day in federal prison for attacks on Scientology sites . The Church of Scientology , founded by the late science fiction author L. Ron Hubbard , is well known for its high-profile , celebrity members . In October , film director Paul Haggis left the church for its alleged public support of Proposition 8 , which eliminated the right of same-sex couples to marry in California . Also in October , a French court convicted the church and six of its leaders of organized fraud . The court imposed fines totaling more than $ 1 million on the church and the convicted staff . The plaintiffs focused their complaints on the use of a device that Scientologists say measures spiritual well-being . Members used the electropsychometer , or E-Meter , to "  locate areas of spiritual duress or travail so they can be addressed and handled , " according to Scientology 's Web site . The plaintiffs said that , after using the device , they were encouraged to pay for vitamins and books . They said that amounted to fraud . The church has called the decision a "  modern Inquisition " and said it would appeal the verdict .	Nebraska man admits role in attacks on Scientology Web sites He downloaded and used software to launch "  denial of service " attacks He is expected to get a yearlong prison sentence
CNN  -- A design studio in the Netherlands has found an imaginative way to encourage its employees to maintain a healthy work-life balance -- at 6 p.m. their desks simply disappear . In the evenings and on weekends , Heldergroen 's large communal work tables , which are made from recycled telephone poles , are lifted up into the ceiling on steel cables . The nifty key-operated system allows the Haarlem-based firm to create a new space for other activities , such as networking events , yoga classes and even food festivals . "  We think that doing activities like this makes it easier for people to work here , " Vincent Stolk , a junior art director at the company , told CNN by email . "  You know when it 's time to relax or do something else that inspires you . " With its computers and other belongings tucked up securely in the ceiling , the company makes the space available for free to "  anyone with great ideas and possibilities , " said Stolk . "  We believe that if you give something ... you will eventually get something back , " he said . "  But besides that , it 's just very cool to elevate your table every single time . " Working smarter , not longer Heldergroen is n't the first company to find novel ways to create an office culture that promotes working smarter , not longer . Many recent initiatives have focused on redrawing the line between work and play that has been blurred by advances in technology . In 2011 , Volkswagen began restricting email access for some of its employees in Germany when they were off duty . French technology company Atos is working towards eliminating internal email use altogether after research found only around of tenth of the emails staff received on an average day were useful . In the Swedish city of Gothenburg , a group of civil servants began scaling back their work day to six hours this summer , as part of a government trial to see whether shorter work days can improve productivity and lead to employees taking fewer sick days . Regional attitudes Although Europe seems to be leading the charge , attempts to improve productivity and prevent burnout appear to be catching on in other regions . Energy recruitment firm Spencer Ogden has transformed its Singapore office into a quirky space complete with astro-turf floors , miniature golf and a giant opium bed in the "  Not Bored Room . " And if employees hit their targets three months in a row , they 're rewarded with an all-expenses-paid week working remotely from an office in Ibiza . But initiatives like these are still very much the exception in Asia , where working hours are notoriously grueling . On average , South Koreans work 2,163 hours per year , according to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development -- more than any other OECD country except Mexico . In Indonesia last year , a 27-year-old advertising agency writer collapsed and later died after reportedly working excessive hours . Japan even has a word that means "  death from overwork "  Karoshi  . Those working in professional services , such as bankers , consultants , accountants and lawyers are particularly vulnerable , according to Leslie Perlow , a professor of leadership in organizational behavior at the Harvard Business School . She found that some 94 % of professionals in these sectors said they worked at least 50 hours a week . A pressure to be "  always on " is to blame , Perlow wrote in the Harvard Business Review . But even in these industries , it 's possible for employees to unplug while also meeting the needs of their clients , she said . Perlow helped the Boston Consulting Group introduce a program where consultants were allocated one day or evening a week where they would not be contacted by colleagues or clients and could turn off their phone and email . "  We found that when the assumption that everyone needs to be always available was collectively challenged , not only could individuals take time off , but their work actually benefited , " she said .	Desks at a Dutch firm are lifted on cables after hours System allows the company to use the space for recreational activities More companies are recognizing the importance of encouraging efficiency to prevent burnout
CNN  -- As leaders of Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa convene in Durban , the term "  BRICS " used to describe these rapidly growing economies is so last year ; today everyone is talking about the "  CIVETS . " Made up of Colombia , Indonesia , Vietnam , Egypt , Turkey and South Africa -- these nations , some with sizable populations and others with a wealth of natural resources , could be the economic boomers of the next decade , according to John Bowler , director of Country Risk Service at the Economist Intelligence Unit . Although unlikely to rival the economic might of India and China or the resources of Russia and Brazil , this motley crew of emerging markets make the CIVETS the next band of countries to profit from a shift in global power . Bowler highlights oil-rich Indonesia as a growth story for the next decade in particular . With low levels of public debt and a population of more than 200 million people , the Southeast Asian nation posted growth of 6 % in 2012 , at a time when economic giants such as China and India slowed . "  Indonesia is a low-cost location so it 's attracting investment that would have previously gone into China but because of wage demands that investment is going into Indonesia , " he said . Bowler also noted that Egypt has high growth potential despite trying to secure a critical $ 4.8 billion loan from the International Monetary Fund . The country is mired in political turmoil following the outbreak of the Arab Spring two years ago , with Egyptian opposition politician Mohamed ElBaradei labelling the North African nation a "  failed state " as the country remains divided over controversial President Mohamed Morsy . "  Eventually Egypt will modernize and follow the kind of path that Turkey has in reconciling its issues in society , " Bowler added . Other members of the CIVETS -- Colombia , Turkey and Vietnam -- all saw growth of more than 3 % for 2012 , according to IMF data , well above the U.S. , U.K. , Germany and the debt-ridden "  PIGS " of Europe ; Portugal , Ireland , Greece and Spain . Bowler told CNN : "  Turkey is an exciting emerging market and Colombia will continue to do well over the coming decade with good demographics and rich , diverse resources even though it has had problems with militia . " One other country that may take the world by surprise is Myanmar , also known as Burma . The IMF is forecasting rapid growth of 6.3 % this year for Myanmar , as the country emerges from decades of military repression . Bowler said that Myanmar , despite the recent unrest , will attract a large amount of foreign investment and is rich in gem stone and base metal resources . But Goldman Sachs economist Jim O'Neill , the man who coined the BRICS term in 2001 , said any club including China is going to be very difficult to match . He said the world 's second-largest economy , in tandem with India , Russia , Brazil and South Africa , is still the big story for at least the next 10 years . O'Neill added : "  China creates another Cyprus every week , creates another South Africa every four months , has created another India in the past two years ... by the end of the decade the BRICS will have at least 25 % of global GDP . " Leaders of the five economic powerhouses are in South Africa to thrash out a deal on a BRICS development bank , which will fund infrastructure ventures in developing nations ; a venture that could be "  hugely significant " for Africa , according to O'Neill . China , in particular , is seeking to increase its investments in the resource-rich continent . This week , newly installed President Xi Jinping made his first state visit to Africa , signing a $ 10 billion agreement to build a major port and industrial hub in Tanzania . "  It -LSB- the bank -RSB- is effectively going to replace what the World Bank 's purpose has been for the BRIC countries and their friends , " said O'Neill . O'Neill , who is set to step down from his role at Goldman Sachs later this year , forecasts that by 2035 the BRIC nations will be as big as the leading industrialized nations of the G7 .	EIU 's John Bowler sees Indonesia and Myanmar as burgeoning economies Goldman Sachs ' O'Neill said any club including China is going to be very difficult to match BRICS leaders meet in South Africa to make deal on development bank
CNN  -- "  Sometimes you can forget about the preciousness of life , " hospital spokesman Allen Poston thumbed onto his Blackberry after peering into an operating room where a team of 15 doctors and medical staff separated conjoined twins in six hours in surgery . Two-month-old twins Preslee and Kylee Wells required surgical separation . "  I 'm standing here in the operating room looking at the exposed beating heart of Preslee Wells , " he wrote as he walked the halls at the Children 's Hospital of Oklahoma University Medical Center . On Monday afternoon , 2-month-old Preslee and her conjoined sister , Kylee , rolled onto their own backs for the first time , he said . Poston , who updated friends and relatives on the surgery with constant posts from his hospital blog , snapped photos of each girl and showed them to friends and family who had been in the hospital waiting room since early Monday . The news of the operation 's success prompted a gush of emotion , breaking the silence that had once filled the room , Poston said . After two months of waiting , the two girls were surgically separated . "  We waited because we wanted the organs to get a little bigger , a little stronger , " Poston had told CNN over the phone earlier Monday . "  The primary concern was cardiac connection . " After cardiac imaging , doctors determined there was "  very little -LSB- cardiac -RSB- connection , " but they remained concerned about a "  liver bridge " connecting the twins . That bridge , Poston said , posed the greatest operational risk because of its dual use by the twins . Born October 25 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , to Stevie Stewart and Kylie Wells , the twins are being monitored in the hospital 's neonatal intensive care unit . They are listed in critical condition . "  Today , they leave the OR in two different cribs , one following the other , still close in proximity , but might as well have been a mile apart , " Poston wrote . "  And that is exactly what everybody was hoping for . "	2-month-old Preslee and her conjoined sister , Kylee , were in surgery for 6 hours They rolled onto their own backs for the first time Monday , spokesman said Twins are currently being monitored in a hospital 's neonatal intensive care unit
CNN  -- New world champion Jorge Lorenzo rounded off the MotoGP season with victory in the Valencia Grand Prix to break the record for points scored in a season . The Spaniard won his ninth race of a dominant year to take his tally to 383 points , breaking the mark set by Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi of 373 . Rossi finished third in his final race for Yamaha before riding for Ducati next seaon . Casey Stoner of Australia took second after leading until eight laps to go . It was an emotional farewell to the Japanese works team for Rossi , who went into 2010 as reigning champion but saw his title chances end when he broke his leg at Mugello in mid-season . "  It has been a great experience and I have enjoyed it a lot , " said 31-year-old Rossi . "  I wanted to do a good race for Yamaha on my farewell but I did n't have any power to stop the bike so I had to slow down , " he told the official MotoGP website . Stoner , who is leaving Ducati for Honda with the arrival of Rossi , had won three of the last four races and made much of the early running from pole . But Lorenzo seized his chance to take a lead he never relinquished , much to the delight of the home crowd . "  Today was one of the best races of my life , " he said . American Ben Spies took fourth behind for the Monster Yamaha Tech 3 team , while Dani Pedrosa sealed the runners-up spot in the championship with seventh place for Honda .	Jorge Lorenzo wins the Valencia Grand Prix for his ninth victory of MotoGP season New world champion sets record for points scored in a season of 383 Valentino Rossi finishes third in final race for Yamaha
CNN  -- Russia 's upper house of parliament has approved a controversial measure banning adoption of Russian children by U.S. families , Russian media reported Wednesday . The legislation now goes to President Vladimir Putin to be signed into law , the semiofficial RIA-Novosti news agency said . Read more : Russia 's lower house approves bill to ban U.S. adoption The legislation could affect hundreds of American families seeking to adopt . Americans adopted close to 1,000 Russian children last year , according to U.S. State Department figures . Though the number has been dropping in recent years , Russia remains the third most popular country for U.S. citizens to adopt after China and Ethiopia . The U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul tweeted that passage of the bill "  saddens " him , but said he 's open to dialogue . The bill also bars any political activities by nongovernmental organizations receiving funding from the United States , if such activities could affect Russian interests , the news agency said . The legislation also imposes sanctions against U.S. officials thought to have violated human rights . Read more : Russian lawmakers eye adoption ban to U.S. . The vote in the Federation Council , Russia 's upper house , was unanimous , but Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has criticized the bill . It is expected to be signed by Putin in coming days . Lawmakers in the State Duma , Russia 's lower house of parliament , adopted the bill last week . The move by Russian politicians is widely seen as retaliation for a law that U.S. President Barack Obama signed on December 14 . That bill , called the Magnitsky Act , imposes U.S. travel and financial restrictions on human rights abusers in Russia . "  The United States is concerned by measures in the bill passed in the Russian Duma today that , if it becomes law , would halt inter-country adoptions between the United States and Russia and would restrict the ability of Russian civil society organizations to work with American partners , " U.S. State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said last week . The Magnitsky Act is named in honor of Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky , who uncovered the largest tax fraud in the country 's history in the form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state . Magnitsky died in 2009 after a year in a Moscow detention center , apparently beaten to death . The Russian bill 's implementation would nullify a recent agreement between the United States and Russia in which the countries agreed to additional safeguards to protect children and parties involved in inter-country adoptions . "  American families have welcomed more than 60,000 Russian children into American homes over the past 20 years , " Ventrell said last week . "  Just last month we implemented a bilateral adoptions agreement with Russia to improve safeguards for adopted children and their families . If Russian officials have concerns about the implementation of this agreement , we stand ready to work with them to improve it and remain committed to supporting inter-country adoptions between our two countries . " Only China has more adoptions to the United States than Russia . Backers of the Russian bill said American adoptive parents have been abusive , citing 19 deaths of Russian children since the 1990s . In 2010 , an American woman caused outrage after she sent her adopted son back to Russia alone on a one-way flight , saying the boy , then 7 , had violent episodes that made her family fear for its safety . Konstantin Dolgov , Russian Foreign Ministry 's Special Representative for Human Rights , said on Twitter that Russia is "  well aware of , and have pointed out more than once , the inadequate protection of adopted Russian children in the US . " He also noted that the United States is one of three nations that has not signed the 1989 U.N. Convention on the Rights of the Child . Anthony Lake , U.N. Children 's Fund executive director , touted the importance of "  inter-country adoption . " "  While welcoming Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev 's call for the improvement of the child welfare system , UNICEF urges that the current plight of the many Russian children in institutions receives priority attention , " Lake said . UNICEF asked that Russia let children 's "  best interests " guide the "  design and development of all efforts to protect children . " "  We encourage the government to establish a robust national social protection plan to help strengthen Russian families . Alternatives to the institutionalization of children are essential , including permanent foster care , domestic adoption and inter-country adoption , " he said . The United States has signed but not ratified the convention , which has sparked concerns from conservatives over its impact on U.S. sovereignty and parental rights . Groups such as Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch had urged lawmakers to reject the bill . "  This bill hits back at Russia 's most vulnerable children and could deprive them of the loving families they desperately need , " Hugh Williamson , Europe and Central Asia director at Human Rights Watch , said last week . John Dalhuisen , Amnesty International 's Europe and Central Asia program director , has said , "  this bill is frankly a childish response to the Magnitsky Act . "	Upper house of parliament OKs ban on adoptions of Russian children by U.S. families Lawmakers in Russia 's lower house of parliament adopted the bill last week The move is seen as retaliation for the Magnitsky Act , a U.S. law that restricts rights abusers But backers of the Russian bill say American adoptive parents have been abusive
CNN  -- Chelsea captain John Terry is set to return to action quicker than originally suspected after a scan on his injured knee revealed "  no significant damaage , " the English Premier League giants said Monday . Terry was stretchered off in agony in his side 's 1-1 home draw with Liverpool after a collision with Uruguay star Luis Suarez . A lengthy spell on the sidelines looked inevitable but after a scan Chelsea said his right knee injury would heal in a matter of weeks rather than months . The former England international had returned from a four-game domestic ban for racially abusing an opponent , and made an immediate impact as he put the London club in front in the first half at Stamford Bridge Sunday . But then came his accidental collision with Suarez , who later scored the equalizer for the visitors to put a dampener on Chelsea 's title challenge . He took to Twitter after the game to send Terry his best wishes . "  Hugs to Terry , I hope it 's nothing serious , " he wrote . Chelsea 's first profit of Abramovich era European champion Chelsea had set the early-season pace , but now trail leaders Manchester United by three points after dropping into third place . EPL titleholders Manchester City claimed second on Sunday with a 2-1 win at home to Tottenham , coming from behind before substitute Edin Dzeko snatched a late winner . Chelsea 's momentum was derailed following claims of racism laid against referee Mark Clattenburg after the controversial home defeat by United on October 28 , which was followed by the arrest of a Chelsea fan who made an alleged monkey gesture at a United player in a cup game just days later . Terry was n't selected for Wednesday 's Champions League win over Shakhtar Donetsk , where David Luiz and Gary Cahill looked shaky in defense , but the former England skipper made his mark at Stamford Bridge . The 31-year-old scored his 50th career goal for Chelsea in the 20th minute as he lost his marker Daniel Agger at a corner and powerfully headed home at the near post from Juan Mata 's delivery . But he had to be replaced by Cahill after Suarez fell on his knee during a tackle , following a mistake by Terry that gave the ball to Steven Gerrard . Suarez , a hate figure with opposing fans after last season 's Patrice Evra racism controversy , matched Robin van Persie 's EPL-leading eight goals this season when he headed home from Jamie Carragher 's flick-on in the 73rd minute . The Uruguay striker could have later ended Liverpool 's run of five games without a win but was denied by keeper Petr Cech . The draw , Liverpool 's sixth in 11 league matches , left Brendan Rogers ' team in 13th place -- 15 points behind bitter rivals United . Manchester City moved to within two points of Alex Ferguson 's United team , who came from two goals down to beat Aston Villa 3-2 on Saturday . The pressure on manager Roberto Mancini appeared to be increasing when England goalkeeper Joe Hart failed to keep out a header from Tottenham defender Steven Caulker in the 21st minute . But last season 's top scorer Sergio Aguero capitalized on poor defending to level in the 66th minute and Dzeko once again proved his worth off the bench with an 88th-minute winner . It was the Bosnia striker 's sixth league goal this season , and five have come as a sub . "  The goals are my message . That 's the only thing , " Dzeko said after the match . "  Again from a free-kick we conceded a goal as stupid as against Arsenal . We have to improve there . But after goal we were the better team for the 90 minutes and in the end we deserved it . Even when we are losing we come back . " City also came from behind in midweek to draw 2-2 with Ajax in a result that all but ended hopes of qualifying for the last 16 of the Champions League . Newcastle salvaged a 2-2 draw against Bruges in the second-tier Europa League on Thursday , but could not repeat the trick against West Ham . Kevin Nolan scored the only goal against his former team , giving visiting manager Sam Allardyce victory against the club that sacked him in 2008 . The result lifted West Ham up to sixth above Tottenham , while Newcastle stayed 10th .	NEW : Scan on Chelsea captain Terry reveals ` no significant damage ' Key defender stretchered off as Chelsea drop three points behind in EPL title race Manchester City claim second place after coming from behind to beat Tottenham West Ham move up to sixth place above Spurs with 1-0 victory at Newcastle
NEW YORK  CNN  -- To people around the world who have seen the video , Esmin Green is a symbol of a health-care system that seems to have failed horribly . Fellow churchmembers say they served as a family for Esmin Green , shown in 2007 , after she left Jamaica . Green , 49 , is shown rolling off a waiting room chair at Kings County Hospital in Brooklyn , New York , on June 19 . She lands face-down on the floor , convulsing . Surveillance video captures her lying on the floor for more than an hour as several hospital workers see her and appear to ignore her . She died there . But to fellow members of her church , she was known as "  Sister Green . " Together , they served as a family for her in the decade after she left Jamaica for New York . Green left six children in Jamaica -- the youngest now 14 . She had been sending money home . Watch ` Sister Green ' in church " Her oldest daughter , 31-year-old Tecia Harrison , told CNN that she can not bear to think of her mother 's last moments . "  I have n't seen it , and I do n't think I have the heart or mind to watch it because that 's my mother there , " Harrison said . "  That 's the woman who gave birth to me 31 years ago . I can not watch that . " Green was involuntarily admitted to the hospital 's psychiatric emergency department June 18 for "  agitation and psychosis . " Friend Peter Pilgrim says he saw Green a few days before her death . He says she was struggling with losing her job at a day care center and had been forced to move out of her apartment . "  Esmin Green is a beautiful person , " he said . "  She has a good heart . She loved people , and she loved children . " Green 's pastor says she had been hospitalized with emotional problems once before and recently appeared to be in distress again . So the pastor called 911 , a decision that haunts her . Upon her admission , Green waited nearly 24 hours for treatment , said the New York Civil Liberties Union , which released the surveillance video of the incident Tuesday . Her collapse came at 5:32 a.m. June 19 , the NYCLU said , and she stopped moving at 6:07 a.m. . During that time , according to the organization , workers at the hospital ignored her . At 6:35 a.m. , the tape shows a hospital employee approaching and nudging Green with her foot , the group said . Help was summoned three minutes later . Watch the surveillance video " In addition , the organization said , hospital staff falsified Green 's records to cover up the time she had lain there without assistance . "  Contrary to what was recorded from four different angles by the hospital 's video cameras , the patient 's medical records say that at 6 a.m. , she got up and went to the bathroom , and at 6:20 a.m. she was ` sitting quietly in waiting room ' -- more than 10 minutes since she last moved and 48 minutes after she fell to the floor . " The medical examiner 's office says it is still trying to determine what caused Green 's death . Her medical records will be the focus of an investigation . Hospital documents say she was "  awake and sitting quietly " at the very moment she was actually struggling on the floor . The New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation , which oversees the hospital , released a statement Tuesday saying it was "  shocked and distressed by this situation . It is clear that some of our employees failed to act based on our compassionate standards of care . " James Saunders , a spokesman for the corporation , said seven employees have been fired or suspended : the chief of psychiatry , chief of security , a doctor , two nurses and two security guards . A Health and Hospitals Corporation spokeswoman said it was aware of the discrepancies in Green 's record when it began the preliminary investigation June 20 . The corporation pledged to put "  additional and significant " reforms in place in the wake of the death . A federal investigation is also under way , looking into abuse allegations at Kings County that were detailed in a lawsuit in 2007 . In May 2007 , the New York Civil Liberties Union and the Mental Hygiene Legal Service sued Kings County in federal court , alleging that conditions at the facility are filthy . Patients are often forced to sleep in plastic chairs or on floors covered in urine , feces and blood while waiting for beds , the groups allege , and often go without basic hygiene such as showers , clean linens and clean clothes . The lawsuit claims that patients who complain face physical abuse and are injected with drugs to keep them docile . The hospital , the suit alleges , lacks "  the minimal requirements of basic cleanliness , space , privacy , and personal hygiene that are constitutionally guaranteed even to convicted felons . " Among the reforms agreed to in court Tuesday by the hospital are additional staffing ; checking of patients every 15 minutes ; and limiting to 25 the number of patients in the psychiatric emergency ward , officials said . In addition , the hospital said it is expanding crisis-prevention training for staff ; expanding space to prevent overcrowding ; and reducing patients ' wait time for release , treatment or placement in an inpatient bed .	Daughter , "  I do n't think I have the heart or mind to watch " the video Esmin Green was involuntarily admitted June 18 for "  agitation and psychosis " Tape shows Green collapse , convulse and lie still ; workers pass by , she dies Group says staff falsified records to cover up incident ; 7 workers fired or suspended
Plasencia , Spain  CNN  Has Pope Francis taken another step to push for tolerance in the Catholic Church ? Yes , says Diego Neria Lejarraga , a transgender man who says he had a private audience with the Pope in late January , reportedly a first for the pontiff . Neria was born as a girl in Spain and raised as a devout Catholic . But after his sex change operation eight years ago , many people scorned him in church in his hometown of Plasencia in western Spain . Neria recalls heated discussions with a parish priest and some others in town . Afterward , he started staying away from Mass. . "  I 've never lost faith , ever , " Neria says . "  But the other thing is the rejection . " He wrote to Pope Francis last year , saying his local bishop helped get the letter noticed . Next , according to Neria , came two phone calls from Francis . And then , a discreet audience on a Saturday evening , January 24 , at the papal residence , Casa Santa Marta . Vatican spokesmen and the local Spanish bishop 's office declined to comment on the meeting , insisting the Pope 's private meetings are just that . Neria , a civil servant , told CNN that he 's not an activist for transgender people and does n't expect changes overnight . "  This man loves the whole world , " Neria says of Pope Francis . "  I think there 's not -- in his head , in his way of thinking , discrimination against anyone . I 'm speaking about him , not the institution . " Catholic doctrine holds that sex change procedures do not change a person 's gender in the eyes of the church . "  But if this Pope has a long life , which all of his followers hope , " Neria says , "  I think things will change . " And he 's already seen changes at home . The downside : Neria says he 's unaccustomed to the sudden media interest in him since the story broke in the local paper , Hoy , of Extremadura . He says he 's gotten queries from journalists as far afield as India and Colombia . But he also sees a positive side . "  Just the fact that you 've met the holy father , without knowing what was said , " Neria says , "  people now seem to look at you in a different way . "	Diego Neria Lejarraga says he had a private audience with the Pope in January Catholic doctrine holds sex change procedures do n't change person 's gender in church 's eyes Neria : "  If this Pope has a long life , which all of his followers hope , I think things will change "
CNN  -- Environmental activist Philippe Cousteau is to explore the Arctic with CNN to show how scientists in the wilderness are studying climate change in one of the coldest places on the planet . For "  Extreme Science " Cousteau will see first-hand how they operate in brutal sub-zero temperatures , severe storms and high winds , collecting data on water and ice while living in a tent village on the ice . And while he 's there between March 23 and April 4 he 'll try to answer your questions about life at the top of the world and how the work there can impact everyone 's lives . Scientists are using new radar technology to measure the thickness of sea ice without the need to dig holes . Their work will try to determine just how fast the ice is melting and what will be the effects on weather patterns , ocean currents and marine life . Cousteau , grandson of the legendary Captain Jacques Cousteau , will be CNN special correspondent inside the Arctic Circle . He is the CEO of Earth Echo International -- a non-profit organization dedicated to educating youth about environmental issues . He is also co-founder of Azure Worldwide , a strategic environmental design , development and marketing company . Cousteau , 31 , reported last year for CNN International on the Gulf oil spill and has hosted green-themed specials . He founded and co-chairs the Gulf Action Network for the Clinton Global Initiative and has testified to the U.S. Congress on ocean management and off-shore drilling . He is also chief ocean correspondent at Discovery 's Animal Planet and hosted "  Ocean 's Blue , " a Discovery/BBC collaboration last year . Publications from "  Sport Diver " and "  National Geographic " have published Cousteau 's stories from around the world . He serves on the Board of Directors of The Ocean Conservancy , the Marine Conservation Biology Institute , and the National Environmental Education Foundation .	Philippe Cousteau will lead the three-person CNN team to the Arctic He has previously worked on CNN environmental specials and from the Gulf oil spill Cousteau is also chief ocean correspondent at Discovery 's Animal Planet He is the grandson of the legendary Captain Jacques Cousteau
CNN  -- The Denver Broncos announced Wednesday night they had finalized a trade that sends high-profile quarterback Tim Tebow to the New York Jets . Tebow and a seventh-round pick in the 2012 NFL Draft go the Jets in exchange for picks in the fourth and sixth rounds of the draft . The Broncos said Tuesday that superstar quarterback Peyton Manning , a free agent , would join the team , setting in motion efforts to trade Tebow . But the Broncos-Jets deal did n't come without a hitch . A snag was reported within hours of the Jets ' saying they agreed in principle to the trade . ESPN , quoting a source with the Broncos , reported the hangup was over language in Tebow 's contract . Sources told ESPN that the Jets believed Denver should pay $ 5 million in salary advances to Tebow . The Broncos have already paid $ 1.2 million of the advance , ESPN reported . The Jets have agreed to pay half of the $ 5 million in compensation back to Denver to finish the trade , ESPN reported late Wednesday . Tebow , an outspoken evangelical Christian , became the Broncos ' starting quarterback last year amid great fanfare . He led the team from a 1-4 start to an 8-8 finish in the regular season and their first division title since 2005 . The trade comes less than two weeks after the Jets and quarterback Mark Sanchez agreed on a multiyear contract extension . Jets general manager Mike Tannenbaum said Sanchez will retain his starting quarterback job and Tebow will play in a wildcat-style offense , which uses a quarterback more as a runner . "  It will be up to us to put him in the position to be successful , " said Tannenbaum . "  We think he 's going to be a player that can help us . He 's a great competitor . He 's gon na help us win . " A lot of the talk about Tebow , 24 , has centered around his demonstrations of his faith . He wore Bible verses on his eyeblack when he quarterbacked for the Florida Gators . He won the Heisman Trophy in 2007 . Throughout last season in Denver , Tebow 's jersey was flying off the racks and "  Tebowing " -- the act of getting down on one knee and praying while everyone around you does something else -- became an Internet meme and widely recognized symbol . Tebow quickly became the public face of FRS Co. and Jockey ; for months , it was hard to click on ESPN without hearing his name . Manning , who missed last season because of an injury , was released this year by the Indianapolis Colts , the only team for which he 's played in his 14-year pro career . In the subsequent weeks , the Super Bowl XLI victor -- who has been named the National Football League 's Most Valuable Player a record four times -- has been hotly sought after by several teams . Broncos executive John Elway , in a statement issued Wednesday night , said , "  Tim Tebow deserves an enormous amount of credit for what he accomplished and how he carried himself during his time with the Broncos . From taking over a 1-4 team and leading it to the playoffs to energizing our fans and this community , Tim left an extraordinary mark on this organization . His time in Denver will always hold a special place in Broncos history . " Jim Daly , president of the Colorado Springs-based evangelical group Focus on the Family , teamed up with Tebow for an anti-abortion Super Bowl ad last year . The spot illustrated how comfortable Tebow is trumpeting his Christian beliefs . "  I think there is going to be this period of mourning for Tim Tebow 's departure , " Daly said . "  I think that that affection that people have for Tebow goes well beyond Denver and his ability to play football . " CNN 's Dan Merica and Joseph Miller contributed to this report .	NEW : "  He 's a great competitor , " Jets official says Tebow will hold special place in Broncos history , Elway says Deal earlier hit snag over money , ESPN reports The Broncos signed free agent star quarterback Peyton Manning
CNN  -- The World Bank cut China 's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent Wednesday , down a full percentage point from November 's projection . Workers assemble toys on a production line at a factory in Shantou , in China 's Guangdong province . Despite the downgrade , "  China is a relative bright spot in an otherwise gloomy global economy , " said the World Bank 's David Dollar . Last week , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao reiterated projections that the nation 's economy will grow by 8 percent in 2009 , despite doubts expressed by domestic and international economic analysts . Some have forecast growth as low as 5 percent . "  I will admit it will be a difficult job -LSB- to reach 8 percent -RSB- . This being said , I also believe with considerable efforts it 's possible for us to obtain this goal , " Wen said at a news conference following the annual session of the country 's rubber-stamp legislature . China has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since November as other major economies have struggled . In February , Chinese exports plunged 25.7 percent compared with the previous year 's , Beijing reported last week . Even with the slowdown , China 's economy -- the third largest in the world -- has gone from white-hot to merely robust . In 2007 , China 's gross domestic product grew at 13 percent . The two largest economies -- the United States and Japan -- are in recession . "  So a lot of things will go down in 2009 globally , " Dollar said . "  But we see China 's contribution as being very positive in keeping many markets from going down as far as they would otherwise . " The World Bank expects China 's economy to outgrow most others in 2009 . In November , China announced plans to inject $ 586 billion  4 trillion yuan  into its economy to offset declines in industrial and export growth . That economic stimulus plan included the loosening of credit restrictions , tax cuts and massive infrastructure spending .	World Bank cuts China 's economic growth forecast in 2009 to 6.5 percent Reduction is down a full percentage point from November 's projection Last week , Chinese Premier projected nation 's economy would grow by 8 % in 2009 China has seen a sharp decline in demand for its exports since November
During the height of the months-long protests in Ferguson last summer , police said demonstrators could protest all they want -- as long as they stayed home after dark . The reasoning back then : Troublemakers from outside the city come in to create chaos under cover of darkness , making the police 's job of maintaining order difficult . And yet , even though a grand jury reached a decision on whether to indict Officer Darren Wilson by Monday afternoon , the decision was n't publicized until hours later -- around 8 p.m. in Missouri . So why did officials wait so long ? How prosecutor defended grand jury 's decision Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon was asked by reporters about the nighttime announcement . Nixon said the decision was made solely by St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch . "  We coordinated with law enforcement , gave schools time to get their children home and in a safe place , gave businesses time to make a decision on their employees ' safety , gave media time to set up , prepared our statement and made the announcement , " Edward Magee , executive assistant to McCulloch , said in a statement . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said McCulloch 's decision was "  foolish and dangerous . " "  I find this a completely bizarre decision to do this at night , " Toobin said . "  Here 's the thing about that time of night : it 's dark . Anyone -- anyone ! -- should have known that the decision in the Brown case would have been controversial . Crowd control is always more difficult in the dark . " CNN legal analyst Paul Callan noted the announcement was supposed to be made at 8 p.m. ET but was rescheduled for 9 ET . "  Why would you be moving it another hour ? I think the only reason can be that they do n't have their security forces in place , " he said . Initially , prosecutors were expected to give law enforcement 48 hours ' notice from when the grand jury made its decision to when the announcement was made . But that clearly did n't happen Monday , since the decision and the announcement came on the same day . Community activist John Gaskin anticipated McCulloch 's explanation , saying he could understand if officials wanted to get schoolchildren home and businesses closed first . "  But he could have easily made this  announcement Tuesday  morning , " Gaskin said at the time . Also , chilly nighttime weather can sometimes deter violence -- though Ferguson 's near-freezing temperatures overnight did n't stop agitators from looting businesses and setting dozens of buildings and cars on fire . Benjamin Crump , the attorney representing slain teenager Michael Brown 's family , said Brown 's parents did n't know what the decision was after dusk fell on Ferguson . And they found out that the grand jury had reached some sort of decision from watching CNN . "  It was very painful on behalf of his mother and father , that they did not get the notice that they were going to find out before the media found out . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Timing was meant to allow children , employees to get home , prosecutor 's office says Officials also wanted to let media set up , prosecutor 's office says But CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin called decision "  completely bizarre " "  Crowd control is always more difficult in the dark , " he said
CNN  -- I always pictured myself graduating from college , getting a cool job and even having a cute little place of my own . So far , I have a master 's degree , and I got the coolest job ever as an emergency medicine physician assistant . But instead of waking up in a posh apartment , I hear the early-morning sounds of my family dog barking and my parents making coffee downstairs . At 27 , I still live with my parents , and I love it . That 's right . Despite the bad press my generation of "  boomerang millennials " has generated , some of us are happy and even grateful to have a soft place to land after college , even if we 're gainfully employed . My decision to live at home was not one of absolute necessity . As a physician assistant , I make a good salary and would be able to live on my own comfortably if I needed to do so . By the time I finished graduate school , I had amassed a $ 150,000 debt from both undergraduate and graduate tuition . With several of these loans earning a 7.9 % interest rate , my father calculated that my loans were increasing by $ 15 a day in interest alone . I was astounded . At this rate , it would take me 30 years to pay off my student loans , with much of it going straight to interest . I thought of my options : Live on my own and pay rent , utilities and food costs , as well as skyrocketing student loans , or move back in with my parents and pay an all-encompassing , smaller monthly rent that would allow me to try and get a jump on my student loans . I chose the latter . Beyond the endless supply of home-cooked meals , the best thing about moving back home is that I am not alone . Several of my physician assistant friends are in the same boat as I am -- we are all highly educated , white-collar employees who live at home . Our co-workers in the medical field think it is a great idea because many of them are facing the same gut-wrenching piles of debt . They often say if they could do it all again , they would do the same thing . With so many millennials moving back in after graduation , the term "  boomerang generation " was born . About three in 10 adults ages 25 to 34 still live at home , according to a 2012 study by Pew Research Center . The number of young adults living at home hit a low in the 1980s , but it 's been on the rise since the recession started in 2007 . About a quarter of these individuals felt their living situation was bad for their relationship with their parents . There 's a stigma that comes along with this arrangement . Some people might assume that we are mooching off our parents or that we 're too lazy to find a job . I do n't think my neighbors understand it , as they continually ask me when I am going to graduate and if I am old enough to babysit their children . My mom is quick to dispel any negative comments from people we know though . She just tells people that I 'm successful , well-educated and that I save lives . Millennials are n't saving a dime I love living at home . There is a constant supply of coffee and people to pal around with , and I 've been slowly chiseling away at my student loans for the past year . Now that I 've paid off $ 68,000 of my student loans , those loan payments are n't nearly as nauseating as they used to be . I 'll be honest , moving back home did take some getting used to . My parents were extremely gracious in opening their home back up to me as I trampled into their empty nest . I was not used to having to tell anyone what time I would be home , where I was going and what I was doing . I agreed to keep them posted on my whereabouts so they do n't worry if I 'm not home at a certain time . As for my parents , they had to get used to me coming home at all hours from the hospital , trying to be quiet while I sleep during the day after working the night shift and putting up with the horrible television shows I like to watch . Our new relationship is symbiotic . My parents benefit from having an extra set of hands around the house to help with chores and a constant source to explain all pop-culture references . In terms of romance , I am 27 , and my boyfriend is 33 . He is not allowed upstairs and has to sleep on the couch if he stays over . Thankfully , he is understanding and has a place of his own . I spend a couple of nights a week hanging out at his place . As it stands right now , I say that I am going to move out next year . But honestly , I have no reason to do so . Moving out on my own would mean that I would have to cook for myself , clean my place and go grocery shopping . I know that I can live on my own if I need to , but right now I do n't want to . I am fortunate to have such loving parents , and I understand that not everyone is lucky enough to be in this same situation . Thankfully , my parents have not told me I need to move out by a certain point . If I stay here long enough , I might get to the point where I start telling people that my parents live with me . But as it stands right now , I live with them , and society should be OK with that . First Person : A fat girl gets naked First Person : My life as a little person Are you an adult child living at home ? What inspired you to move back in with your parents ? We invite millennials to share their stories of living at home with CNN iReport .	Jillian Knowles has a master 's degree , a good job , and she lives with her parents With $ 150,000 in student loan debt looming , she moved back home Three in 10 millennials are part of the "  boomerang generation " who moved back home Are you a millennial who moved back home ? Share your story with CNN iReport
CNN Student News  -- November 4 , 2013 The new week begins with reports on a shooting at a Los Angeles airport and an increasing wave of violence in Iraq . We look at some of Obamacare 's potential benefits and drawbacks for millions of Americans , and we discuss a symbolic event in the U.S. Northeast . We also explain an annual festival celebrated by India 's largest religious group . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might current U.S. news coverage of Iraq differ from coverage when American combat troops were still there ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Transportation Security Administration  TSA 2 . deductible 3 . Diwali Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is known about a shooting at Los Angeles International Airport last Friday ? 2 . When did the last remaining U.S. combat troops leave Iraq ? According to the program , what are some reasons for the current violence in the nation ? 3 . Why might millions of Americans be required to get new health insurance plans ? What do White House officials say about the new coverage ? Why might there be opposition to it ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What challenges do you think authorities face when trying to protect people in a public place ? How might these challenges depend on whether the venue is indoors or outdoors ? 2 . Do you think the violence in Iraq can be stopped ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? What do you think the reporter meant when she said that Iraq "  is a nation where violence and politics go hand in hand " ? 3 . What do you think New York City marathon organizers took into account before canceling last year 's race ? What do you think that holding the race this year meant to organizers , runners , race fans and the city itself ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Los Angeles , California ; New York City Asia Iraq ; India FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- When faced with the most ferocious waves on the planet , most people would seek protection in the largest , sturdiest vessel they could find . But when Swedish pensioner Sven Yrvind sets out on his ambitious mission to circumnavigate the globe , it wo n't be in a hefty ship piled high with food , creature comforts and telecommunications equipment . Instead , the 73-year-old plans to traverse the high seas cocooned in a sailboat only slightly bigger than a bathtub . For many , the proposition of sailing non-stop around the world for a year-and-a-half in a vessel just three meters-long will sound rather ambitious , and coming from a man well past the retirement age , downright far-fetched . Indeed , few would likely take the idea seriously were Yrvind not one of the world 's most respected boat-builders . During his accomplished life he has given lectures to the Swedish king and queen and received awards from the prestigious Royal Cruising Club in Britain , among others . "  People have said it 's a suicide mission , " said Yrvind . "  But a big boat is actually more dangerous than a small one . You 've got bigger forces throwing you around -- a bigger engine , a bigger beam , a bigger deck . "  My small boat is like a little capsule -- nothing can happen to you . It 's like throwing a bottle in the water -- it will capsize , it will pitchpole  somersault  , but it will always come back up , " he added . If successful , Yrvind will make history for sailing the smallest boat around the world without docking on land . The record is currently held by Italian Alessandro di Benedetto , who in 2010 circumnavigated the globe in a 6.5 meter yacht -- more than double the size of Yrvind 's creation . Yrvind , from the small village of Vastervik in south east Sweden , started building the ground-breaking vessel in March . Now half-complete , he is reluctant to put a time on its launch . Click on the pindrops above to trace Sven Yrvind 's proposed circumnavigation route . Named Yrvind Ten after its 10 foot length , the miniature vessel will be just 1.8 meters wide with two six meter-tall masts . Weighing 1.5 tons , it will be made out of a composite foam and fiberglass material which , he says , is "  excellent for insulation and floatation . " Powered by wind , solar panels , gel batteries and a foot crank , Yrvind Ten will set sail from Ireland in a 48,000 kilometer return journey around the globe . Sir Robin Knox-Johnston , the first person to sail around the world in 1969 in a 9.8 meter yacht , said there was a real possibility Yrvind would complete the voyage . Briton Knox-Johnston , who also founded the Clipper Round the World Yacht Race , added that many people had thought his own bid to circumnavigate the globe was impossible at the time . "  One of the biggest challenges he 'll face is when he 's coming up against these massive 25 meter waves in the Southern Ocean . In a boat that size he 's just going to be rolled around and around like he 's inside a giant washing machine , " Knox-Johnston said . "  He might also find he 's using a lot more energy -- and will need a lot more food -- being rolled around like that . " The Swede will collect rainwater in sails , funneled by a hose to a tank . With no heating equipment on board , he 'll rely on 400 kilograms of muesli and sardines , supplemented with vitamin tablets and fish caught from the sea . "  I need just half-a-kilogram of food a day and this will give me enough food for 800 days , " he said . "  In the beginning I will have fruit but obviously that will run out . I also have a friend in Melbourne with a boat who will come out with supplies . " The self-described "  recluse " plans to spend his days swimming , philosophizing and reading more than 400 books , which weigh around 100 kilograms . "  On land , people are watching TV , driving cars in traffic , smoking , drinking -- it 's not healthy , " Yrvind explained . "  Out at sea it 's a cleaner environment -- mentally and physically . When I come back I will be a healthier , younger person . This will prolong my life , not the other way around . " Growing up on the small Swedish island of Branno in the North Sea , Yrvind quickly learned to sail in an area so remote he needed to cross water simply to buy a loaf of bread from the shop . In his 50-year career building boats , Yrvind has been lavished with awards from around the world . In 1980 he received a Seamanship Medal from the Royal Cruising Club in Britain for single-handedly sailing a six meter boat around the stormy waters of Cape Horn , Chile . Eight years later he was inducted into the Museum of Yachting 's Hall of Fame , based in Newport , Rhode Island , for his many single-handed expeditions . The museum also has one of Yrvind 's boats on permanent display -- a six meter yacht he built in his mother 's basement and sailed from Sweden to Newport in 1983 . In 1989 Yrvind also built and sailed a 4.5 meter boat from France to Newfoundland , now on display at the Swedish National Maritime Museum in Stockholm . And the sprightly septuagenarian is no closer to slowing down -- last year sailing a tiny 4.5 meter-long boat from Ireland to the Caribbean . Yrvind , who is also on the look-out for sponsorship , hopes his boat will not simply break the record books , but pave the way for a new environmentally-friendly design for living . "  We are on Earth living beyond our resources -- oil is running out , fossil fuels are running out , water is running out , " he said . "  If I can show I can live on a boat 10 foot-long for more than a year , with all the food I need with me , I think it might benefit mankind . " For a man who "  loves all things small , " should he accomplish the feat it would be a huge achievement in the history of sailing .	73-year-old man plans to sail around world in world 's smallest boat At 3meters-long , the vessel is only slightly bigger than a bathtub World renowned boat builder Sven Yrvind says creation is safer than big boats Sir Robin Knox-Johnston , first solo world sailor , says plan is possible
CNN  -- What would you do if you ran into a future version of yourself ? For author Charles Yu , "  When it happens , this is what happens : I shoot myself . "  Not , you know , my self self . I shoot my future self . He steps out of a time machine , introduces himself as Charles Yu . What else am I supposed to do ? I kill him . I kill my own future , " he said . This is the dilemma posed in Charles Yu 's debut novel , "  How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe . " Yu 's genre-defying story of time travel is receiving critical praise for being a quirky mix of string theory , "  A Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy " and Philip Roth . Yu 's appearance at this summer 's San Diego Comic-Con won him a slew of new fans and generated buzz for the book . "  How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe " features a down-on-his-luck time machine repairman , living in Minor Universe 31 . It 's an alternate reality similar to our own . He 's got a crush on his computer operating system , named Tammy , and has the great misfortune of getting stuck in a time loop . Underneath the science fiction , the story deals with a slightly dysfunctional family and their attempts to reconnect with one another . CNN recently asked Yu about his book and this often-debated science fiction "  what-if ? " CNN : So this is not your typical time travel story . Yu : The book , although sometimes lighthearted , also tries to take on heavier subjects . I wanted to look at how a family is a kind of four-dimensional system , a system not of physical forces but emotional forces , like memory and regret , and how , over time , a family creates its own story of itself . At its core , this is a story of a marriage and of a father-son relationship . I wanted to ask some of the age-old questions about time and identity and self , but I wanted to articulate those questions in new ways . CNN : In a sense , your book is something of a time machine . Yu : I 've always thought of a novel , just the idea of what a novel is , as an amazing technology . I wanted to play around with the idea of a novel as a time machine . So it really started with the time machine itself , the TM-31 Recreational Time Travel Device , and the guy inside of it , a time travel technician . The time machine is a small , shower-sized box inside of a bigger box , Minor Universe 31 . With both boxes , I wanted to evoke a place that feels as much psychological as it does physical . In terms of the plot , the main character is stuck in a time loop  as a result of his having done something very dumb  . So he 's stuck in this box , stuck in a time loop , stuck between the past and the present , unable to move on with his life . Just plain stuck . CNN : This is a book sci-fi geeks will love , but you do n't have to be a fanboy to enjoy . Yu : I do love science , and so researching ideas and concepts that I could play around with in the book was certainly fun . And there were moments that felt like discovery , like I had stumbled into a real place in Universe 31 , and I was exploring and creating simultaneously . Those fun moments were fleeting , though . For the most part , writing it was hard , as it always is for me . Thomas Mann said , "  A writer is a person for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people . " I might even go further and say that a writer is a person for whom writing is slightly more painful than bleeding from the ear . CNN : The main character in the novel is also named Charles Yu . Is he similar or different from the real you ? Yu : Despite the fact that I named the character after myself , there 's really not a lot that is autobiographical in the book , at least in terms of events or other seemingly factual details . If there is a commonality , it 's that I have always been very close to my family , and as a result , I have tried to pay attention to the complicated dynamics inside a family , the stresses and strains that any family goes through . CNN : What writers influenced you ? Yu : I have always admired Philip Roth , Nicholson Baker , Richard Powers , just to name a few . One book I go back to a lot is "  Six Walks in the Fictional Woods , " which is a series of lectures that Umberto Eco gave . He breaks open the black box of narrative and shows you how it works , the magic and technology inside a story . In some ways , though , comic books and video games have influenced me , too , especially the latter . A video game is an environment where there are rules and constraints , where the laws of classical mechanics may or may not apply , but even if they do n't , there are underlying forces and logic and consistency . In writing "  How to Live Safely , " I tried to create some of the same feel , of this environment , this minor universe where the main character felt constrained in some ways , yet unnervingly free in other ways , as if he realized he was trapped in a story , and yet at the same time he was creating the story through his choices . CNN : You are an award-winning young writer , a lawyer , and you have a family . How do you find time to keep up with everything ? Yu : My wife was very supportive , and my kids are good sleepers ! Those were the keys . I wrote "  How to Life Safely " in two - and three-hour chunks at nights and on weekends . There were plenty of nights where I fell asleep at the keyboard . I 'd wake up with a second-degree burn on my legs from my computer overheating on me . CNN : You were a big hit at Comic-Con . Yu : It was my first time , and I really enjoyed it . My publisher , Pantheon , made all of these cool stickers and posters and flyers , and they also made a completely metal version of the novel . I really enjoyed talking to so many fans of science fiction and of stories in general . Because that 's really what Comic-Con is , and I never really thought about it before , but it 's this four-day extravaganza that is fueled by the passion people have for fictional worlds of all kinds . CNN : What 's next ? Are you working on a new novel ? Yu : Yes , definitely working on a new novel . In addition to that , I 'm also excited about another idea I have been developing , which I hope will work as a serial and/or comic book . It 's sort of spun-out of the universe of "  How to Life Safely , " not really in terms of the main story or characters , but out of a concept from that universe . CNN : Could we see "  How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe , " the movie ? If so , who would you want to play you ? Yu : I would love to see it . It 'd be exciting to see how someone else would visualize such a self-referential , conceptual world . I mean , it 's literally a metaphor-driven time travel device . It 'd be very cool to see my own brother , Kelvin , who is an actor , because I think he 'd do a great job . Then again , maybe he 'd do too good a job , and it would be too close for comfort . In which case , I 'll just say Matt Damon . Is that too weirdly specific ? He 's just good in everything . CNN : Any words of wisdom ? Yu : If you ever find yourself face to face with a future version of yourself , do n't shoot ! You may regret it .	Charles Yu 's trip to Comic-Con has science-fiction fans buzzing about his new book Yu uses the convention of a time machine to get at psychological issues Yu 's character decides to shoot his future self in order to escape a time loop
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Republicans mounted a counter-attack Sunday against ratifying a new nuclear arms treaty with Russia this year , trying to put off a vote that Democrats say they will win if it is held . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky led the way , telling CNN 's "  State of the Union " that members of his party need more time to consider the START accord . "  I 've decided I can not support the treaty , " McConnell said in his first outright rejection of ratifying the treaty during the current lame-duck session of Congress . The treaty would resume mutual inspections of U.S. and Russian nuclear arsenals , while limiting both nations to 1,550 warheads and 700 launchers each . On Sunday , Democrats rejected a Republican amendment to the treaty 's preamble that would have added a reference to tactical nuclear weapons , which are not covered by the pact . Republican senators are "  uneasy " about the treaty , and trying to get a vote before Christmas was not the best way to "  get the support of people like me , " McConnell said . His unequivocal stance increased the GOP 's public opposition to ratification , which would require at least 10 GOP senators to vote with the Democrats to reach the two-thirds majority of 67 needed . The Democratic caucus has 58 members , but one of them , Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon , is preparing for prostate cancer surgery Monday and is expected to miss the rest of the current lame-duck session that expires January 4 . If the vote gets put off to the new Congress , as Republicans want , the number of GOP votes needed for ratification rises to at least 14 because the Democrats will have a diminished majority of 53 seats . McConnell 's comments prompted a response from his Democratic counterpart , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , who issued a statement saying he was "  deeply disappointed " at McConnell 's opposition to the treaty . Reid 's statement noted that "  respected Republican leaders " including former President George H.W. Bush and several former secretaries of state , as well as the current military leadership all called for ratification . In addition , Reid 's statement said , the proposed treaty has been available since May and the Obama administration has answered questions from senators and taken steps to address concerns . For example , the administration has committed to increased spending on modernizing the U.S. nuclear arsenal at the request of Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , who had been leading the GOP opposition to the treaty . "  I know many senators , including my colleagues on the other side of the aisle , who share the belief that this treaty is too critical to our national security to delay , and I look forward to strong bipartisan support to pass this treaty before we end this session of Congress , " Reid 's statement concluded . Later Sunday , Reid filed a cloture motion -- a necessary procedural step to end debate and set up a vote . "  After months of consideration and five days of open and robust debate , it is time to move forward on a treaty that will help reverse nuclear proliferation and make it harder for terrorists to get their hands on a nuclear weapon . Every day we delay is another day we do not have inspectors on the ground in Russia monitoring their nuclear arsenal , " he said in a statement . Democratic Sen. John Kerry , the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , predicted Sunday that Democrats have the necessary support for ratification and that the vote would occur in the coming days . "  I believe it will pass , and I believe there will be a vote , " Kerry said on the ABC program "  This Week . " However , the ranking Republican on the Senate panel , Richard Lugar of Indiana , said he was uncertain that the vote would occur before the lame-duck session expires . "  Several Republicans will support it , and I join the chairman  Kerry  in believing that there are the votes there , " said Lugar , who backs ratification . "  The problem is really getting to that final vote . " Lugar noted that the Senate still needs to debate Republican amendments to the treaty . Any change in the language or substance of the pact would require reopening negotiations with Russia , effectively killing the agreement . So far , Democrats have defeated the two Republican amendments proposed -- Sunday 's attempt to add a reference to tactical nuclear weapons , and a Saturday bid by Sen. John McCain of Arizona to remove from the preamble language recognizing a relationship between offensive and defensive weapons . In both cases , however , Democrats were at least seven votes shy of the 67 they will need to ratify the treaty . Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , on Sunday continued questioning the language cited in the failed McCain amendment , telling the CBS program "  Face the Nation " that it could undermine future development of U.S. missile defense systems . According to Graham , Russia could object to continuing U.S. development of missile defense capability as a violation of the treaty and withdraw from it . Kyl , appearing on "  FOX News Sunday , " also challenged the language in the preamble , which he said changes the past U.S. stance by linking offensive and defensive weapons . "  In the last arms control treaty with Russia in 2002 we absolutely separated the two issues , " Kyl said . Now , he said , the Democrats were insisting the treaty ca n't be changed . If that 's the case , Kyl said , "  we 're just a rubber stamp for the administration and the Russians , the administration that for the first time was n't willing to stand up to the Russians and say , ` You 're not going to implicate our missile defenses . ' " However , Democratic Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan , the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , labeled the missile defense concern a "  straw man " argument without substance . The nation 's top military leaders say "  there is no restriction , no limitations whatsoever " on missile defense in the treaty , Levin said . Lugar also challenged some of the GOP arguments , saying the resumed inspections under the new treaty were essential for verifying compliance by Russia . In addition , the treaty represents new opportunities to engage with Russia on important issues in the continuing evolution of relations between the countries after the Cold War era , he noted . "  To throw away all of those opportunities simply because some feel the Russians are no longer relevant or we should just simply build whatever we want to quite apart from the Russians seems to me is an illogical stance , but we 're hearing a lot of that , " Lugar said on the ABC program . Democrats argued that the Senate has plenty of time to consider further Republican amendments and debate the treaty before the new Congress gets sworn in during the first week of January . Previous arms control treaties have taken a similar amount of time to debate , Levin noted on the CBS program . The Senate is expected to go into a closed session Monday afternoon to discuss classified information related to the treaty . On Saturday , President Barack Obama sent letters to McConnell and Reid expressing his support for the accord . "  The New START treaty places no limitations on the development or deployment of our missile defense programs , " Obama wrote . CNN 's Gabriella Schwarz contributed to this report .	Senate Democrats defeat a second Republican amendment The Senate Republican leader says he opposes the treaty if the vote occurs now Wait until a new Congress convenes in January to debate it , McConnell says The treaty resumes inspections and limits nuclear arsenals of both nations
CNN  -- More than 1,000 people have died in Syria since the conflict there started in mid-March , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Friday , a grim milestone that reflects his alarm over the "  escalation of violence " in the authoritarian Arab country . The unrest , which started percolating in the southern city of Daraa and then spread to the rest of the country , claimed more lives Friday in Hama , the city known for a 1982 government massacre against the civilian population . At least 34 were killed Friday and many more were wounded , according to Rami Abdul Rahman , head of the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , an entity in regular touch with activists in the country . He said all of the deaths came from indiscriminate gunfire toward demonstrators , reviving memories of the decades-old crackdown . One witness , a dentist , told CNN he was taking part in the demonstrations when marchers were "  surprised " by the military and the shabiha , armed pro-regime elements , opened fire in what he called an "  intense " situation . The witness provided the names of nine slain people , whose bodies were seized by pro-regime people , and estimated the number of casualties at around 100 . Another witness there reported at least one demonstration in which tens of thousands of people took to the streets . The witness said people were heading toward a square in the center of town and chanted , "  Freedom , freedom ! National unity ! Christians and Muslims are one ! Leave , leave " and , "  The people want the fall of the regime . " That same witness later reported small demonstrations in some areas , with protesters burning tires amid intermittent gunfire . Rahman said the wounded were being treated in private clinics , and while he 's unclear about the situation at the city 's main hospital , he said the medics he was talking to were in tears . CNN ca n't independently confirm the accounts . The Baathist government of Hafez al-Assad , who once ruled Syria , crushed the 1982 revolt in Hama against the Sunnis , who are the majority religious group in Syria . Estimates put the death toll then at between 10,000 and 30,000 people ; the exact number was never known . The government has been dominated by the al-Assad family 's Alawite community , a minority religious group that is an offshoot of Shiite Islam . The Hama protests erupted after this week 's Friday Muslim prayers , which were dedicated to the children who have taken part in the persistent and angry uprising against the Syrian government . At least 51 children have been killed by security forces since the anti-government protests started in mid-March , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria . They include Hamza Ali al-Khateeb , the 13-year-old Daraa boy whose killing has captured the world 's attention , and a 4-year-old shot in Rastan , a town in restive Homs province . The overall death toll in Rastan has reached 80 , the coordination group said , and an activist near Rastan said he heard the sounds of gunfire and artillery overnight . An eyewitness in Rastan said there was n't a call to prayer Friday , people could not leave their homes and there were no demonstrations because security personnel promptly shelled gatherings when they saw them . Demonstrations after Friday prayers have energized the opposition in Syria and every week there have been different protest themes . The focus on children dovetails with the outcry over Hamza 's death . Ban reflected the worldwide outrage toward the Syrian regime when said he is "  deeply troubled by the continued serious violations of human rights , including disturbing reports of the deaths of children under torture , live ammunition and shelling . " He also said that many people have been injured and thousands arrested over nearly three months . While noting the "  announcement by the Syrian authorities of an amnesty and the establishment of a committee to establish a national dialogue , " Ban emphasized that "  violent repression by security and military forces must end immediately for a genuine and inclusive dialogue to take place and lead to the comprehensive reforms and change called for by the Syrian people . " UNICEF , the U.N. children 's agency , said this week that since mid-March , "  reports of children injured , detained , displaced and at times killed have been increasing . " It said the use of live ammunition on demonstrators has reportedly killed at least 30 children , but it has n't been able to independently verify casualty figures and the "  circumstances of their death . " It said Syria is a party to the Convention on the Rights of the Child and "  has an obligation to ensure children 's right to life " their safety and other human rights , such as freedom of expression . "  We are particularly disturbed by the recent video images of children who were arbitrarily detained and suffered torture or ill-treatment during their detention , leading in some cases to their death . We call on the government to thoroughly investigate these reports and ensure that perpetrators of such horrific acts are identified and brought to justice , " the agency said . Another group caught in the middle of the discord in Syria is the Iraqi refugee community , an estimated 1 million people , according to the International Organization for Migration . They fled to Syria during the war in Iraq . The organization said Friday that there is "  growing concern " of an influx of people returning to Iraq . It is working with government authorities and other humanitarian groups to prepare for immediate and long-term help for those people and the communities hosting them . There have not been "  significant " increases in returns , but "  smaller-scale returns have been reported , primarily in Anbar and Baghdad , " the group said . Migration organization monitors in Baghdad last month learned that "  126 families had returned from Syria due to violence and instability . Interviews are currently being conducted with these and other returnee families to better understand their reasons for return and their future intentions . " "  With nearly one million Iraqis still displaced within the country , the possibility of a major increase in returns from Syria poses a considerable challenge to Iraq 's stability , " said the International Organization for Migration 's Iraq chief of mission , Michael Pillinger . "  IOM remains committed to working with the government to closely monitor the return situation and , if necessary , provide immediate assistance to vulnerable returnees , " he said . CNN 's Arwa Damon , Nada Husseini and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	NEW : "  Violent repression by security and military forces must end immediately , " Ban says NEW : A London-based Syrian group says at least 34 are dead Friday Protesters in Syria dedicate Friday 's marches to children Children have died during the demonstrations , groups say
Hundreds of dolphins that washed up on Peruvian shores died of natural causes , a government official said in a radio interview Tuesday . "  One of the things that we can confirm is that ... the deaths of the dolphins were not caused by any human activity , and this is a very important subject , " Peruvian Production Minister Gladys Triveno told RPP Radio . Government investigators have also ruled out theories that bacteria or a virus could be behind the deaths , she said , adding that further details would be revealed in a report from the Sea Institute of Peru released Tuesday . "  It is natural causes . It is a natural death , and also the report explains the process of natural selection . Let 's say that the species that are more prepared , the dolphins that are more prepared , are those that are going to survive , " Triveno said . "  And this happens periodically . This is not the first time it has happened . And it is not only happening in Peru , but also has happened in New Zealand , in Australia , in other countries where these phenomena happen . " According to the report , authorities sent specimens to no fewer than four laboratories for a battery of tests . The results ruled out a number of theories of the cause of death . Hunger , interaction with fishermen , pesticides , bacterial infections , viral infections and heavy metals contamination were all ruled out . The appearance of nearly 900 dead dolphins in a 220-kilometer  137-mile  area in northern Peru so far this year , and the deaths of thousands of pelicans there and in neighboring Chile , have sparked concern among local residents and environmentalists . At least one Peruvian environmental group has said loud sounds from nearby oil exploration could be to blame for the dolphins ' deaths . "  We see that in their bodies there are air bubbles caused by heavy pressure . These animals are underwater holding their breath , facing a sudden and violent noise . These animals release nitrogen , and this forms the bubbles that end up destroying living cells , " Carlos Yaipen-Llanos of the Scientific Organization for the Conservation of Aquatic Animals told CNN en Espaol this month . Government officials have dismissed that assessment , arguing that it is not supported by evidence . The report explained that the dead dolphins began washing up on the shore before the seismic activity started and that similar activity in the past has not been linked to marine deaths . This month , Peruvian authorities said warm waters off that country 's coast were to blame for the deaths of more than 5,000 marine birds . The Peruvian Ministry of Environment said seafood is still safe to eat and encouraged everyone to continue to support local fishermen , according to the state-run Andina news agency . The report suggested some courses of action , including the creation of a task force among multiple agencies to implement programs for caring for the marine ecosystem . It also called for an awareness campaign about Peruvian ocean life and its conservation , aimed at the general public . The dolphin deaths in Peru mark the third set of high-profile strandings in the past several months . In February , 179 dolphins -- 108 of which were dead -- washed ashore in Cape Cod , in the eastern United States , according to the International Fund for Animal Welfare . Marine biologists are still trying to determine the cause of those deaths . In early March , amateur video taken from a beach in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , showed more than 30 dolphins on shore . In that instance , all the dolphins were safely returned to the sea .	Tests rule out pesticides , heavy metals , hunger , fishing , viruses , bacteria as causes Report rejects theory that man-made seismic activity is to blame Deaths of hundreds of dolphins "  not caused by any human activity , " official says "  This happens periodically . And it is not only happening in Peru , " production minister says
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- She burst on the music scene as one-third of Destiny 's Child , the highest-selling female group of all time . Kelly Rowland took an AIDS test in a tiny counseling room in a Kenyan hospital . And then she proved it does n't take three to make hits . Sassy Kelly Rowland showed the world she could go it alone and still hit No. 1 on the charts . But now this Grammy-winning R&B sensation is using her considerable charm and charisma to take on the scourge of AIDS . She is the first ambassador for MTV 's Staying Alive Foundation , which works to empower young people to protect them against AIDS . In silver high heels and a sundress , Rowland arrived Thursday at the Kenyatta Hospital in downtown Nairobi , Kenya , to take a public stand against stigma and undergo an HIV test . "  For me , knowing your status is glamorous because then you get to carry that with you and you get to protect yourself , " she said . Rowland and 22-year-old Kenyan John Ngugi took the test together in a tiny counseling room at the testing center at this public hospital . He also wanted to know his status , but he could n't suppress a large grin at times sitting next to such star power . Watch CNN 's David McKenzie report on Rowland 's trip " "  As a young person from Mathare slum and having a super star to actually have a test with , " said Ngugi , "  It is just a big promise for me and a big promise for my community and I am just grateful for the test . " Like much of Africa , Kenya struggles with the AIDS pandemic . UNAIDS , the joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS , estimates that more than 22 million adults and children are living with HIV on the continent . And it strikes the youth hardest . "  You could take a situation like having HIV and think of it as having a disability and think of it as something that is going to bring you down , " said Rowland , "  but I have met kids and young people that are just so inspiring . They inspire me . " In Kenya , as in many parts of Africa , people are often afraid to take an HIV test for fear of being stigmatized . In Kenya , antiretroviral drugs are free for HIV-positive people , but many people would rather not know whether they are HIV positive for fear of facing discrimination in the workplace and in the community . And so Kelly Rowland has added her voice to the campaign to help end the suffering of so many victims . "  It 's killing us as people and I think above anything these numbers are n't changing , " she said . "  The more that I get involved , you get everybody out there ... involved , then hopefully we can see a change -- a big change . "	Singer Kelly Rowland takes an HIV test in Kenya to raise awareness of the virus Rowland is first ambassador for MTV 's Staying Alive Foundation The foundation works to empower young people to protect themselves from HIV Rowland and 22-year-old Kenyan John Ngugi take the test together
CNN  -- They called him "  Scary Gary . " Gary Shteyngart had a bong named Big Blue . There 's a photo of him in his new memoir , "  Little Failure , " high on mushrooms . Another photo shows him drunk . He was a one-man party . In one scene in the book , he is carried out of his Oberlin dormitory because his loud merrymaking disturbed his roommate .  Or maybe he was carried into his dormitory . He does n't remember .  At his Manhattan high school , he spent three years "  drunk and stoned . " Or so he claims . But mostly he says he struggled to fit in . Throughout his life , well before college or high school , he confesses to feeling lonely , or angry , or anxious . Rarely genuinely happy . Could this really be Gary Shteyngart ? The laugh-out-loud author of "  Absurdistan " and "  Super Sad True Love Story " ? The Gary Shteyngart who can find absurdist comedy in overseas revolutions , economic collapse and small electric appliances ? That Gary Shteyngart ? One and the same , says the author in a phone interview from a tour stop in Los Angeles . "  The truth of the matter is I was a jerk in many , many ways , " he says . ` Humor is the armor ' Let 's be clear : Shteyngart did n't rob a bank or maim an old widow . He was merely a bright kid who was sometimes out of control . Still , "  Little Failure " is an attempt to revisit his life -- that of the Russian Jewish immigrant who made his way in the United States -- and get at the root of his woe . Much of it originated at home with loving but wounding parents . Shteyngart was born in 1972 and spent the first seven years of his life in Leningrad  now Saint Petersburg  , in an apartment with a Russian TV that was always in danger of exploding . His parents , stifled in many ways , bickered . When his family moved to the United States , he could n't help but be impressed by the riches of the West . "  We did n't have to go to a store in order to feel like we were someplace completely and insanely  different  . You land at the international arrivals building -- the Pan Am terminal -- at JFK and it 's shaped like a flying saucer . It looked like something from the 21st century , " he recalls . "  You saw a Chevrolet Corvette and wondered if this was an airplane without wings on the ground . " It took time to make the adjustment , he observes , especially since finding his way at school was as difficult as doing so at home . It helped that he had a nimble mind . In the book , he talks about the stories he wrote , including a rewrite of the Torah ; he called it the "  Gnorah , " after his adolescent nickname , "  Gnu . " He details the long stretches of the computer game Zork he played with his friend Jonathan . Shteyngart being Shteyngart , he ca n't help but make the mundane amusing . His family came over with orange suitcases  and dark jackets  of "  real Polish leather . " The boy popping a wheelie on the box of Honeycomb cereal becomes "  an important role model . " His family receives a letter from Publishers Clearing House , addressed to "  Mr. S. Sh*t gart , " and believes it has just won $ 10 million -- though , to be sure the judges approve , he and his parents fill out everything and sign up for several magazines . Even the later stories , about his drunkenness and a disturbed girlfriend , have a comic spin . This laughter in the face of sadness comes naturally given his Russian-Jewish heritage , says Shteyngart . "  I 'd call it ` laughter from the edge of the grave , ' " he says . "  Yes , it 's quite tragic , but at the same time , if you do n't laugh at it , the other solution is to wrap yourself in a shawl and die . Humor is the armor and the sword that you are given . " ' I tried to write this in the most loving way I could ' He says he had lots of help in putting together "  Little Failure . " He interviewed family and friends , including an old girlfriend who had saved his lengthy letters . "  I was very grateful she 'd done that , " he says . "  Because , as readers will know , at Oberlin I was n't sober 100 % of the time ,  so  it was very helpful to discover these letters and reconstruct what had happened . " Reviewers have approved . " ` Little Failure ' is as entertaining as it 's moving , " wrote Michiko Kakutani in The New York Times . " ` Little Failure ' ... is a much more straightforwardly soulful account than many of his readers might expect. , " wrote Lisa Zeidner in the Washington Post . Shteyngart still has n't heard from his most important reviewers , however : his parents . He hopes he did right by them . "  I tried to write this in the most loving way I could , because I do love them very much . They made a lot of sacrifices . " But there 's still a language barrier . "  Their English may not have all the nuances needed to read something like this . I 'm usually translated into Russian , so I think the ultimate test is to see what they think of a version published in Russian , " he says . However , he says that another observer , his longtime psychoanalyst , has n't disapproved . Of course , he has n't approved , either . "  I 'm such a bad analysand . In traditional Freudian analysis you 're supposed to lie there , and instead I whip out my phone and start typing in the stuff that just came up so I wo n't forget exactly how it happened , " he says . "  And because it 's traditional analysis , the analyst does n't rebuke me or say anything , so I get away with it . " Maybe , he adds , the book is a capstone of sorts , and it 's time to move on , anyway . He 's already progressed , he says . "  Unlike most New Yorkers I only see mine four times a week as opposed to the five times a week that 's traditional . So I 'm something of an outlier , " he says . "  But it 's only been 12 years and we 're ready to stop soon . "	Gary Shteyngart 's new book is a memoir , "  Little Failure " Shteyngart 's family moved from USSR when he was 7 Author struggled to fit in , both at home and in school Shteyngart 's books include "  Absurdistan , " "  Super Sad True Love Story "
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia 's ambassador to Egypt returned to Cairo on Saturday after tensions briefly spurred the kingdom to pull its envoys and shutter its missions , Saudi state media reported . Ambassador Ahmad Kattan is expected to resume his duties on Sunday , the Saudi Press Agency said . Saudi Arabia called back Kattan and closed its embassy and consulates last Sunday after raucous protests in Cairo over the imprisonment of Ahmed Mohammed el-Gezawi , an Egyptian human rights lawyer . Throngs of Egyptians had gathered in front of the Saudi Embassy , calling for the release of el-Gezawi . The decision to pull out Saudi diplomats came after protesters ' "  attempts to storm and threaten the security and safety of its  embassy  employees , " the Saudi Press Agency said . Saudi officials say el-Gezawi is accused of trying to smuggle thousands of pills into the country . The Egyptian Organization for Human Rights said el-Gezawi had been traveling during Umrah , a minor pilgrimage to Mecca , when he was detained . "  What has happened in the recent days of repercussions in the relationship between the two countries is painful to every honorable Saudi and Egyptian citizen , and our decision to recall the ambassador and the closure of the embassy were only to protect its employees from other situations that could have developed with dire consequences , " the Saudi Press Agency said , quoting King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz . "  We will not allow this incidental crisis to prolong . " The protests and the Saudi reaction appear to have again ratcheted up long-standing tensions between the two Middle Eastern nations . The strains can be traced to 1979 , when the kingdom broke off diplomatic relations after Egypt inked a peace deal with Israel based on the Camp David Accords . The ties were restored in November 1987 . Egypt , the most populous Arab country , has often engaged in "  a subtle competition " with its Saudi counterparts "  over this question of regional leadership , " said Steven Cook , senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . Egypt erupted in protest last year during 18 days of demonstrations in Cairo 's Tahrir Square after similar uprisings in neighboring Tunisia , ultimately ousting Egypt 's longtime president Hosni Mubarak after nearly three decades in power .	Ambassador Ahmad Kattan is expected to resume his duties Sunday The ambassador was pulled after protests in front of the Saudi Embassy The protests and the Saudi reaction ratcheted up long-standing tensions between the two nations
CNN  -- The Arkansas weatherman found last week in a hot tub alongside a man 's lifeless , naked body is hoping autopsy results and other evidence will soon clear his name , his lawyer said Monday . Mark Hampton said his client , Brett Cummins , resigned Friday from his position as a meteorologist at KARK , which is based in Little Rock . "  The station was getting continuing inquiries , and Brett thought it would be best if he resigned , " Hampton said , adding that the resignation was done orally after his client contacted the station . In a statement on its website , KARK confirmed that Cummins ' tenure at the station ended Friday afternoon . Authorities have not charged him , or anyone else , in the death of Dexter Paul Williams , 24 . Christopher Barbour , 36 , said he awoke Monday morning in his home outside Little Rock to find Williams ' body at the bottom of an empty tub , his face blue and purple and a chain around his neck , a Maumelle Police Department report said . Cummins , 33 , was asleep next to the corpse , whose head was lying behind the meteorologist 's shoulder , Barbour told police , according to a report by Officer Gregory Roussie . The witness said he awakened Cummins , who screamed and ran to the living room , where he vomited next to the couch after noticing Williams ' discolored face and cold skin . The previous night , Williams and Cummins arrived together at Barbour 's house , Barbour told police . Once there , the three had drunk alcohol and snorted illegal narcotics , though Barbour could not identify the drugs , according to the report . Last week , Williams ' family issued a statement through their lawyer Thomas Nichols that said , "  Dex had a very loving but trusting heart . Anyone who knew him would agree that he was easily influenced . " Hampton had identified Williams as Cummins ' friend , but on Monday the lawyer said that -- heeding his advice -- the weatherman had not contacted the dead man 's family . No arrests had been made , but an investigation is under way , Lt. Jim Hansard said last week . "  We do n't have a crime -- yet , " he said . "  That 's part of the investigation . " Arkansas State Crime Laboratory Director Kermit Channell said Monday that Williams ' autopsy examination "  should be finished up , " anticipating that a final report will be ready "  in the next week or so . " After that , it will up to the local law enforcement agency overseeing the case -- the Maumelle Police Department -- to decide whether the autopsy results will remain confidential or be released to the public , Channell said . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Brett Cummins resigned Friday from his job as a meteorologist at KARK , his lawyer says Given all the inquiries to KARK , Cummins "  thought it ... best " if he quit , adds the attorney He was found in a tub one week ago alongside a dead body , according to a police report No one has been arrested , and lawyer says he hopes inquiry will clear his client
Washington  CNN  -- A hotly debated measure that offers a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants who came to the United States as children won approval Wednesday from the U.S. House . The 216-198 vote , mostly on partisan lines , sends the so-called DREAM Act to the Senate , where it was uncertain if supporters had the votes to overcome a certain Republican filibuster against it . The Development , Relief and Education for Alien Minors Act -- or DREAM -- would create a path to citizenship for immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children under the age of 16 and have lived in America for at least five years , obtained a high school or General Education Development diploma and demonstrated "  good moral character , " according to a White House fact sheet . Even then , only a six-year conditional status would be awarded , and before moving to the next phase , the students would need to meet additional requirements -- attending college or serving in the military for at least two years , and passing criminal background checks . Proponents , including President Barack Obama and Democratic leaders , say the bill offers legal standing to young people brought to the United States who have bettered themselves and served their new country , while opponents claim it is a form of amnesty for illegal immigrants . Before Wednesday 's House vote , Education Secretary Arne Duncan and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano joined congressional Democrats at a news conference to urge Congress to pass the bill . "  These are not the individuals that are a threat to our public safety or our security , " Napolitano said . "  This is an area where ... our nation 's immigration laws have not kept up with our nation 's needs . " The White House has touted the bill as a measure that will strengthen the nation 's military and its economy . A potential beneficiary is Cesar Vargas , a soon-to-be law school graduate with a 3.8 average who wants to serve in the U.S. military . Under current law , Vargas wo n't even be able to hold a job after he graduates , much less enlist . He is in the country illegally after being brought to New York from Mexico as a child . "  All I want is the opportunity to serve my country and to give back to the country that has given me so much , " Vargas said . " ... We 're not a problem . We 're the solution . " However , Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , said the bill could grant amnesty to more than 2 million illegal immigrants . "  Mass amnesty is not the only problem with the DREAM Act , " said Smith , the ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee . "  The bill allows illegal immigrants to receive in-state tuition at public universities , placing them ahead of U.S. citizens . The bill also is a magnet for fraud . " The White House disputed that the bill will give amnesty , noting in a fact sheet that "  it requires responsibility and accountability of young people who apply to adjust their status under the DREAM Act , creating a lengthy and rigorous process . " It also points out that DREAM Act beneficiaries would not be eligible for federal grants , such as Pell Grants , to attend college . "  Undocumented youth adjusting to lawful permanent resident status are only eligible for federal student loans which must be paid back , and federal work-study programs where they must work for any benefit they receive , " according to the White House . "  This is not some dream road , easy-picking concession of the Congress of the United States , of the government , to American citizenship , " said Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , who delivered an impassioned plea on behalf of the measure . "  No Pell Grant . I 'd like to see you get through college without a Pell Grant . No government assistance ... no health care . Nothing . Nothing but your own faith and your own determination and your own work to get you through school . And nothing but your own work , your own determination to join the military . " Beneficiaries will receive in-state tuition in their state of residence , the same as any student , he said . The Congressional Budget Office has said the measure would cut the federal deficit by $ 1.4 billion and increase government revenues by $ 2.3 billion over the next decade . Young people who do not fulfill the act 's requirements will lose their legal status and would be subject to deportation , according to the White House fact sheet . DREAM Act applicants would be responsible for paying the processing fees associated with their applications , and would be subject to "  rigorous criminal background checks and reviews . " DREAM Act beneficiaries would not be able to petition for legal status for their family members until after they had satisfied all the requirements . They would also be subject to waiting periods . "  The bottom line is that it would take many years before parents or siblings who previously entered the country illegally could obtain a green card , " the White House said . CNN 's Jim Barnett and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : The House votes 216-198 to pass the DREAM Act Cabinet members say passing the act is the right thing to do The act makes illegal immigrants brought to America as children eligible for citizenship A Texas Republican says the bill could grant "  amnesty " to 2 million
London , England  CNN  -- The above map pinpoints various hotspots in London and the United Kingdom that have seen violent confrontations between police and hooded youths in the past three days . Riots and looting began in the north London suburb of Tottenham on Saturday August 6 and has continued in the nights since .	Monday night 's unrest the worst seen in current memory , Metropolitan Police say Police have arrested 525 people in London in the past three days and charged 99
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia has asked florists and gift shops to remove all red items until after Valentine 's Day , calling the celebration of such a holiday a sin , local media reported Monday . With a ban on red gift items over Valentine 's Day in Saudi Arabia , a black market in red roses has flowered . "  As Muslims we should n't celebrate a non-Muslim celebration , especially this one that encourages immoral relations between unmarried men and women , " Sheikh Khaled Al-Dossari , a scholar in Islamic studies , told the Saudi Gazette , an English-language newspaper . Every year , officials with the conservative Muslim kingdom 's Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice clamp down on shops a few days before February 14 , instructing them to remove red roses , red wrapping paper , gift boxes and teddy bears . On the eve of the holiday , they raid stores and seize symbols of love . The virtue and vice squad is a police force of several thousand charged with , among other things , enforcing dress codes and segregating the sexes . Saudi Arabia , which follows a strict interpretation of Islam called Wahhabism , punishes unrelated women and men who mingle in public . Ahmed Al-Omran , a university student in Riyadh , told CNN that the government decision will give the international media another reason to make fun of the Saudis "  but I think that we got used to that by now . " "  I think what they are doing is ridiculous , " said Al-Omran , who maintains the blog ` Saudi Jeans . ' "  What the conservatives in this country need to learn is something called ` tolerance . ' If they do n't see the permissibility of celebrating such an occasion , then fine -- they should not celebrate it . But they have to know they have no right to impose their point of view on others . " Because of the ban on red roses , a black market has flowered ahead of Valentine 's Day . Roses that normally go for five Saudi riyal  $ 1.30  fetch up to 30 riyal  $ 8  on February 14 , the Saudi Gazette said . "  Sometimes we deliver the bouquets in the middle of the night or early morning , to avoid suspicion , " one florist told the paper . Saudi Arabia has often come under criticism for its treatment of women , most recently in a United Nations report that blasted the kingdom for widespread discrimination . Under Saudi law , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a prohibition against driving and a requirement that they get a man 's permission to travel or have surgery . A businesswoman told the Times of London this month that she was detained and strip-searched by the religious police for holding a meeting in a coffee shop with male colleagues . Two years ago , a teenager was raped by seven men who found her alone with a man unrelated to her . The government sentenced the 19-year-old woman to 200 lashes and six months in prison for being in the company of a man who was n't a family member or her husband . She was later pardoned . The seven rapists were sentenced to two to nine years in prison . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report	Saudi Arabia has banned red gift items like red roses until after Valentine 's Day Islamic conservatives consider the celebration of such a holiday a sin Celebration seen as encouraging immoral relations between the unmarried
CNN  -- Ten years ago we were carrying flip-screen mobiles , Evanescence was top of the charts and just 11.4 % of the world was online . Internet giants like Google and Yahoo were already changing the way we explored the world , but sites like Facebook and Twitter were yet to upend how we communicated online . Now , nearly 40 % the world is online , according to International Telecommunication Union statistics . Our mobile devices are powerful computers which help guide and inform our daily lives . Read more : Key moments in Twitter 's history It 's a theme being explored by Le Web , Europe 's largest tech conference which is taking place in Paris this week . Speakers at the conference include venture capitalist Fred Wilson , who invested in Twitter and Tumblr , Hugo Barra , the former Google executive who now heads Xiaomi 's product portfolio , and Nick D'Aloisio , founder of artificial intelligence company Summly which was bought by Yahoo . As Le Web founder Loic le Meur identifies in his slideshow of Silicon Valley trends , we 're entering an era where human mindfulness and the sharing economy develop alongside wearable technology , driverless cars and artificial intelligence . Read more : Internet gains are serendipity 's loss Speakers and attendees will outline how software is becoming rapidly smarter and technology is being woven into our everyday wear . Now , the mobile market is being deconstructed as traditional smartphones re-appear in our glasses , courtesy of Google , or on our wrists , as revealed by Samsung . Futurists say the next 10 years will see an acceleration in the advancement of such technology . And every bit of data we exchange will be tracked . Augmented reality will become the norm , and predictive software will deliver the answer to scientific , medical or personal queries for which we seek answers . Read more : I 'm the original voice of Siri The Internet of Things -- in which machines are interconnected , intuitive and predictive -- will become the reality of our everyday lives . As TheFuturesAgency 's chief executive Gerd Leonard puts it , we may start feeling like a machine lives inside us -- or we live inside a machine . But alongside the exponential growth in technology , more community-minded trends have emerged . Online letting market AirBnB , car-sharing service Lyft and online education outlet Coursera are tapping into a desire to share intelligence , space and journeys in the real world . Read more : Twitter co-founder who plans to reinvent And that real world may become more attractive that it has been before : Digital detox  there are apps for that  will help you kick that grab-the-smartphone twitch .	Ten years ago we carried flip phones , now mobiles help us through our daily lives In the future , smartphones are set to evolve into something that 's an extension of ourselves Le Web , Europe 's largest tech conference , is exploring what the next 10 years will bring Futurists say we expect a world where we were be entirely intertwined with technology
Accra , Ghana  CNN  -- A U.S. Peace Corps volunteer in northern Ghana stabbed and killed a suspected robber , the police officer investigating the case said Monday . The volunteer , identified by the Ghanaian officer as 26-year-old Andrew Kristler , was with another Peace Corps volunteer early Saturday morning in Wa , the capital of the Upper West Region . They were accosted by two alleged assailants , according to the officer , who was not authorized to speak on the record . A struggle ensued and Kristler stabbed one of the assailants in the chest , killing him , the officer said . The volunteer sustained wounds to his shoulder and hand . Police discovered the body of the alleged assailant early Saturday morning ; the other attacker remains at large . Following drops of blood from the body , police were led to Kristler , the officer said . By way of explanation for why he had n't reported to the incident to police promptly , the volunteer allegedly told authorities he had been advised by the U.S. Embassy in Accra to stay indoors , the officer said . That account was disputed by Mike Koffman , the country director of Peace Corps in Ghana . He said Kristler reported the incident . U.S. State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell weighed in on what happened Monday . "  We can confirm that two Peace Corps volunteers in Ghana were the victims of a crime in the early hours of Saturday , July 14 . Contrary to media reports , they are not being detained at this time . The matter is under investigation by Ghanaian officials . We are closely monitoring the situation and are providing consular assistance , " he said . According to the investigating officer in Ghana , Kristler is required to check back in with police next week . Nearly 5,000 Peace Corps volunteers have served in Ghana since 1961 , according to the program 's website .	Robbers accost two Peace Corps volunteers , a source says One fought back , killing one of the assailants , the source says The U.S. State Department says it is providing consular assistance
Israel is confronting a problem beyond the Hamas rockets screeching overhead -- a threat underfoot . The Israeli military says it is trying to demolish a sophisticated network of tunnels that run through parts of northeast Gaza , under the border and into southern Israel . Hamas has already used the tunnels several times in the past few days to attempt assaults on Israeli soil . The first attack , on July 17 , was foiled but prompted Israel to announce a ground incursion into Gaza with the stated aim of taking out the tunnels . Another assault through tunnels s few days later resulted in clashes that killed more than 10 Hamas fighters and four Israeli soldiers . The assault near the town of Sderot appeared to target two communal areas "  where farmers are trying to conduct their daily lives , " said Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev . The Hamas fighters were disguised as Israeli soldiers , according to the Israel Defense Forces . The clashes forced area roads to close , residents to shelter in their homes and tied up security forces for hours . The method of attack , in which militants spring out unexpectedly from underground , has struck fear into Israelis living near Gaza . "  Your enemy is about to blast his way into your dining room from below the floor while you are feeding your family . Sounds like a B-rated horror movie , right ? This scenario is one real example of a Hamas tunnel discovered just in time by the IDF leading into a kibbutz communal dining hall , " Benay Browne Katz , a volunteer medic and grandmother who lives in Jaffa , told CNN . ` Lower Gaza ' The tunnel network has also been used during combat inside Gaza , the Israeli military says , allowing Hamas fighters to pop up and fire on soldiers or toss grenades before dropping back out of sight . Israeli military officials refer to the underground works as "  Lower Gaza " and suggest at least some of the war is being waged underground . The tunnels are n't a new phenomenon . Hamas used one in 2006 to capture the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and take him back into Gaza . He was held captive for five years until a deal was struck for his release in exchange for more than 1,000 Palestinian prisoners . Memories of his capture were revived by a foiled attack over the weekend , in which one Hamas fighter who entered Israel through a tunnel was found to be carrying tranquilizers and handcuffs , according to the Israeli military . ' A whole industry ' Israel received a warning of the growing scale and sophistication of the underground threat last year with the discovery of a tunnel that ran from the Khan Younis refugee camp in Gaza and emerged near the Israeli kibbutz of Ein Hashlosha . Uncovered in October , the tunnel was wired for electricity and communications . It was also high enough for a man to stand , walk or run through . It was long , about 1.7 kilometers  roughly one mile  , and deep , at least 18 meters  59 feet  . Its interior was fully lined with an estimated 500 tons of concrete . "  We 're talking about a whole industry , and not a small group that 's organizing it , " Maj. Gen Shlomo Turgeman , commander of the IDF Southern Command , said at the time . Israel responded by halting supplies of concrete and construction materials into Gaza , tightening an already restrictive blockade . Large network But the current conflict suggests that tunnel building has continued at a steady clip . The Israeli military says that during its incursion into Gaza , it has so far found scores of different access shafts leading to about 30 tunnels . Some of the entry points were underneath people 's houses , officials said , and Israeli military uniforms were stashed inside some of the tunnels . The IDF said it has destroyed about half the known tunnels so far with controlled explosions or heavy earth-moving equipment . The substantial construction of the tunnels , some of which stretch for kilometers , has made them difficult to demolish , Israeli military officials said . "  We 're taking action right now to neutralize those tunnels and we 'll continue the action as long as necessary , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said last week . The Israeli military says it believes there are "  tens " of tunnels still to be found -- and some of the fiercest fighting it has encountered has been around the tunnel entrances , suggesting a strong desire by Hamas to hold onto them and protect them . Smuggling tunnels Hamas started off using tunnels to burrow under different Gaza border -- the one with Egypt . The aim of those tunnels was n't to mount attacks , but to ferry goods . The underground routes into Egypt were a way to circumvent the Israeli blockade on Gaza . The Gaza-Egypt tunnels "  are used to bring in food , to bring in gas , livestock , anything else that the Gazans need . And also , according to Israel , are used to resupply Hamas . That is how they get their weapons into Gaza within this blockade , " said CNN 's Paula Hancocks , who visited some of the tunnels in 2009 . Despite efforts by both Israel and Egypt to crack down on the smuggling tunnels , they 've proved hard to stamp out . "  They 've been bombing these tunnels between Gaza and Egypt for years and still they keep popping up , " Hancocks said . "  They 're very , very basic , very dirty , but they are very quick to create . " Israel 's current effort to destroy the tunnels into its own territory is taking a heavy toll -- on Gazan civilians and Israeli soldiers . The question is whether the incursion will remove the threat for good .	Hamas has used tunnels to stage attacks in Israel and Gaza , the Israeli military says The military has destroyed some tunnels , but says it believes there are many more Hamas used a tunnel to capture an Israeli soldier in 2006 A tunnel into Israel discovered last year showed increasing sophistication
CNN  -- Consider who comes to mind when we think of entrepreneurs . Does a day go by without mention of Bill Gates , Mark Zuckerberg or Richard Branson in the media ? While admirable , these men are not accessible , especially to women . Women are as likely as men to think entrepreneurship is a good career choice , that entrepreneurs have high status , and are represented positively in the media . So why do they admire this endeavor from afar , but think they are less equipped to do this ? A study of women entrepreneurs released last December by the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor  GEM  found an estimated 187 million women starting and running businesses in 59 economies . That 's a lot of women entrepreneurs -- about equal to the population of Brazil . Yet this pales in comparison to the number of men running businesses . In only one of the 59 economies  Ghana  were there more women than men entrepreneurs . Of the other 58 , a handful had equal participation among the sexes , but the majority showed fewer women entrepreneurs than men -- with a ratio as low as 1:5 in South Korea , meaning there were five male entrepreneurs for every female entrepreneur . The biggest concern right now for policymakers centers on job creation . When people have jobs , society thrives , both economically and socially . Entrepreneurship plays a major role in job creation -- it is high-growth entrepreneurs who provide the majority of net new jobs in a society each year . We should be concerned when any group in society is excluded , even in part , from this activity , and when those participating tend to shy away from higher potential ventures . Films take on media portrayal of beauty Why are n't there more women entrepreneurs ? One explanation , revealed in the GEM study , centers on attitudes . Fewer women than men believe there are lots of opportunities for entrepreneurship and that they have the capabilities for this endeavor . Women are also more likely than men to be dissuaded by fear of failure . In wealthier countries , where entrepreneurs face more competition and markets are more sophisticated , the gap widens . It may stem from less awareness , training , or experience with entrepreneurship , but a seeming lack of confidence in one 's capabilities and an aversion to failure is disconcerting . In addition , women are less likely to know an entrepreneur personally . Their inner circle of advisors is smaller , less diverse , and more often made up of family , spouses , in particular . What all this suggests is that women need more entrepreneurial role models , for one . This is happening in Brazil , Sweden and even Iran , where women entrepreneurs , even those in traditionally male-dominated fields are celebrated in the media and given recognition for their accomplishments . Dr. Rehana Kassim is the owner and founder of Rehanstat Sdn Bhd , which offers customized market research for an extensive list of public agencies and private companies . She is a role model in her home country of Malaysia . Yet her story , and those of other successful women entrepreneurs , are scarcely in the public eye . Top female chef 's recipe for success Other elements include training and guidance , as well as connecting women with other like-minded entrepreneurs to share experiences and provide support and advice . Programs like the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Women project are providing women with training , networks , and the confidence to grow their businesses . In Ireland , the Going for Growth initiative holds roundtable discussions for women entrepreneurs , led by female mentors who have successfully grown their businesses . What remains a challenge , however , is infusing these positive attitudes across societies . Women entrepreneurs need people willing to invest in their businesses . They need families that support their ambitions , customers willing to buy from them , suppliers willing to work with them , and employees willing to work for them . When stakeholders such as these , and their societies as a whole , embrace their efforts , their economies can benefit from the ideas , the creativity , and the energy of half their population .	The number of women running businesses in the world is about equal to the population of Brazil Women are more likely than men to be dissuaded by fear of failure and to doubt their capabilities Mentors and role models would help grow confidence , says expert Donna Kelley
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Thousands of documents about reported UFO sightings -- ranging from calm accounts by professional pilots to unhinged rants about the extraterrestrial menace -- have been released by the British Ministry of Defence . Taiwan resident Lee Chun-hung took these pictures showing a ball of fire trailing across the sky . The 4,500 pages cover sightings that were reported from 1986 through 1992 . The British military released them to a curious public as part of a four-year project to transfer all such documents to the National Archives . One highlight from the batch released Monday involves the captain of an Italian airliner . He shouted "  Look out ! " to his co-pilot in April 1991 after claiming to see a beige "  missile-shaped object " shoot past the cockpit . In that instance , the defence ministry ruled out a missile and "  all the usual explanations , " wrote David Clarke , a UFO expert and journalism instructor at Sheffield Hallam University , who worked with the National Archives to prepare the new materials for release . "  The end result was this was a genuine UFO and the file was simply closed , " he wrote . "  There was nothing more they could do . " The newly released documents also carry an account by a U.S. Air Force pilot who says he was told to shoot down an unidentified flying craft over eastern England . But before he could fire , the object disappeared . The next day , a man arrived to debrief the pilot and "  he was told in no uncertain terms that what he had seen on his radar was top secret and he was n't to speak about it to anyone , " Clarke wrote . The first set of files was made available to members of the public in May . It covered reported UFO sightings from 1978 to 1987 , and included hundreds of police reports taken from witnesses who described seeing lights or strange objects in the sky . People who reported having seen UFOs typically describe various shapes and colors of lights , moving in formation or hovering in the sky . Witnesses reported orange , red , white and green lights that were diamond-shaped , square , or cigar-shaped . They reported them to police , who have a standard 16-question form specifically for UFO sightings . "  The vast majority of them are just ordinary people who 've seen something unusual and thought that they ought to tell someone about it , " Clarke has said . The Ministry of Defence said it examined the reports solely to determine whether enemy aircraft had infiltrated British airspace . Once it was determined that no enemy aircraft were in the sky , it did not investigate further . "  The Ministry of Defence has no other interest or role regarding UFO matters and does not consider questions regarding the existence or otherwise of extraterrestrial life-forms , " it said in May . That left many incidents unexplained .	Documents about reported UFO sightings released by UK defense officials Includes account by airliner captain who saw beige "  missile-shaped object " 4,500 pages cover sightings that were reported from 1986 through 1992
CNN  -- If you believe the Mayas , the end of the world is near . At least that 's how some people have interpreted the fact that when the Mesoamericans conceived their Long Count calendar more than 5,000 years ago , it happened to stop at December 21 , 2012 . Others believe the end of the Maya calendar simply refers to the coming of a major global physical or spiritual transmogrification , marking the start of a new era . Whichever camp you fall into , if you do n't want to be sitting at home in your recliner when the big day comes , consider heading to one of the many hotels that are marking the date with special Maya-themed deals and packages . We 've highlighted a handful of examples both in the heart of Maya country and beyond . Mexico and Central America Fairmont Mayakoba and Rosewood Mayakoba Playa del Carmen , Mexico Dates vary These sister properties on the beautiful Riviera Maya are honoring the Maya civilization 's rich culture with several packages featuring special spa treatments  think healing herbs and bathing rituals  , authentic tasting menus  showcasing ingredients such as yucca , verdolaga and chayote  and other on-property events  traditional music and dance , lectures , etc.  . 4 must-sees for military buffs Cuixmala Jalisco , Mexico December 15-22 Stressing about the apocalypse can tie your body in knots , so what better way to relax than a weeklong yoga retreat on a tranquil 25,000-acre estate whose name translates to "  soul 's resting place . " Yogini Maya Fiennes will lead classes focused on helping you awaken your kundalini  yogic life force  and your progression into the new age . After you 've perfected your downward facing dog , join the beach party commemorating the conclusion of the Maya calendar on December 21 . JW Marriott Cancun Resort & Spa Cancun , Mexico Through December 21 At this top-rated resort surrounded on two sides by the turquoise waters of the Caribbean , the offerings include two tickets to Chichen Itza to explore the archaeological remains of the ancient Maya city dating back more than 1,300 years as well as Maya-inspired couple 's spa treatments , be it the body exfoliation incorporating honey and ground corn or a massage performed according to the historic beliefs of energy flow . Travel on the cheap : Five times to go Azul Beach Hotel , Azul Sensatori Hotel and Azul Fives Hotel Riviera Maya , Mexico Through December 31 These three family-focused Azul Hotels by Karisma are letting the kiddos get in on the fun with the new Mini Mayans program they introduced this year . The free activities include cooking classes in which budding chefs learn to make tortillas and chocolate milk using Maya ingredients and utensils , a chance to make a 2013 calendar while learning about the Mayas ' unique numbering system and storytelling performances while dressed in Maya costumes . Hamanasi Adventure and Dive Resort Hopkins , Belize Through December 31 Given its proximity to several major Maya sites , this boutique eco-resort on Belize 's central coast has introduced an end-of-the-world package that 's out of this world . In addition to a Maya-themed gift and Maya meals whipped up by the hotel 's chefs , it includes five Maya-inspired day trips , from climbing the pyramids at Xunantunich and Cahal Pech to lunching with a local Maya family . United States The Curtis Denver Book by December 11 If the world is going to end , why not go out with a bang ? That 's the thinking behind the "  Party Like There 's No To-Maya " package at this trendy downtown Denver lodging . For a one-time offering , interested parties can rent out the entire 15th floor  26 rooms  on December 21 for a blowout with all of their friends and family . In addition to food and drink , you get limousine transport for all of your guests , the services of a professional tattoo artist , an in-room amenity kit with gas masks , anti-radiation tablets and freeze-dried food , and , just in case you make it through the night , free breakfast at the onsite restaurant the following morning . The Keating San Diego Through December 21 This Southern California boutique hotel 's "  End of the World " package , which starts at $ 666 a night , focuses on "  crucial survival tips " and "  last-ditch relaxation . " For instance , you 'll train to be able to outrun zombies at a fitness boot camp , enjoy a "  last supper " at the hotel 's signature restaurant and receive complimentary en-suite movies when predawn panic robs you of sleep . Hotel Palomar Philadelphia Philadelphia Through January 13 In honor of the "  Maya 2012 -- Lords of Times " exhibition at the nearby Penn Museum , which explores everything from where the predictions of the impending apocalypse originated to theories on what will happen once December 21 gets here , the Hotel Palomar has introduced a package that includes valet parking , VIP tickets to the exhibit , and , ironically , late checkout . Hotel Maya Long Beach , California Ongoing This chic waterfront hotel does n't have to do much to mark the occasion , because , as its name implies , it already embraces Maya culture -- from the vibrant color scheme to menu items at its onsite restaurant . The hotel is , however , running a yearlong "  The Year to Go Mayan " sweepstakes that offer entrants the chance to win free weekend stays as well as a grand prize trip to the heart of Maya country in Yucatan , Mexico . Other special offerings include a themed dinner show , complete with authentic music and cuisine , on November 14 as well as an End of the World Party on December 21 . You can even track the remaining time on the Maya calendar , down to the day , hour , minute and second , on the hotel 's website .	The end of the Maya calendar has hoteliers rolling out themed packages Along Mexico 's Riviera Maya , resorts are offering special spa treatments and menus In the United States , urban hotels are getting in on the end-of-the-world offers
CNN  -- Controlled drugs were found in one of two tour buses carrying rocker Bret Michaels and his band during a traffic stop in northeast Indiana late Wednesday , police said . No one was arrested , but the evidence was passed along to the DeKalb County prosecutor for consideration of charges , according to the police report . Drug detection dogs did "  vehicle scans " of the buses after a sheriff 's deputy pulled Michael 's tour convoy over on the northbound side of Interstate 69 , police said . "  Both K9s alerted for the odor of narcotics coming from the front of the bus , " Deputy Aaron Long wrote in his report . Another dog alerted to the odor of drugs in the second bus , the one in which Michaels was riding , the deputy said . "  Searches were conducted on both buses yielding marijuana on each bus , as well as a quantity of Schedule II controlled substances on the first bus , " Long said . Schedule II substances are those defined as having a high potential for addiction or abuse , but also have a legitimate medical purpose . Michael 's publicist said the buses were stopped because a trailer had no tag light . "  Mr. Michaels allowed an open search of the buses and everything was handled in a professional manner , " the publicist said . Michaels is on tour just months after suffering a massive brain hemorrhage in April . CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe and Denise Quan contributed to this report .	A deputy stopped Michaels ' buses on Indiana 's I-69 Police says illegal drugs were found on one bus No charges have been filed
Long Beach , California  CNN  -- It seems simple : Walk to the refrigerator and grab a drink . But Brett Larsen , 37 , opens the door gingerly -- peeks in -- closes it , opens it , closes it and opens it again . This goes on for several minutes . When he finally gets out a bottle of soda , he places his thumb and index finger on the cap , just so . Twists it open . Twists it closed . Twists it open . "  Just think about any movement that you have during the course of a day -- closing a door or flushing the toilet -- over and over and over , " said Michele Larsen , Brett 's mother . "  I can not tell you the number of things we 've had to replace for being broken because they 've been used so many times . " At 12 , Larsen was diagnosed with obsessive-compulsive disorder , or OCD . It causes anxiety , which grips him so tightly that his only relief is repetition . It manifests in the smallest of tasks : taking a shower , putting on his shoes , walking through a doorway . There are days when Larsen can not leave the house . "  I can only imagine how difficult that is to live with that every single living waking moment of your life , " said Dr. Gerald Maguire , Larsen 's psychiatrist . In a last-ditch effort to relieve his symptoms , Larsen decided to undergo deep brain stimulation . Electrodes were implanted in his brain , nestled near the striatum , an area thought to be responsible for deep , primitive emotions such as anxiety and fear . Brett 's OCD trigger Brett says his obsessions and compulsions began when he was 10 , after his father died . "  I started worrying a lot about my family and loved ones dying or something bad happening to them , " he said . "  I just got the thought in my head that if I switch the light off a certain amount of times , maybe I could control it somehow . "  Then I just kept doing it , and it got worse and worse . " "  Being OCD " has become a cultural catchphrase , but for people with the actual disorder , life can feel like a broken record . With OCD , the normal impulse to go back and check if you turned off the stove , or whether you left the lights on , becomes part of a crippling ritual . The disease hijacked Larsen 's life  he can not hold down a job and rarely sees friends  ; his personality  he can be stone-faced , with only glimpses of a slight smile  ; and his speech  a stuttering-like condition causes his speaking to be halting and labored . He spent the past two decades trying everything : multiple medication combinations , cognitive behavioral therapy , cross-country visits to specialists , even hospitalization . Nothing could quell the anxiety churning inside him . "  This is not something that you consider first line for patients because this is invasive , " said Maguire , chair of psychiatry and neuroscience at the University of California Riverside medical school , and part of the team evaluating whether Larsen was a good candidate for deep brain stimulation . "  It 's reserved for those patients when the standard therapies , the talk therapies , the medication therapies have failed . " Deep brain stimulation is an experimental intervention , most commonly used among patients with nervous system disorders such as essential tremor , dystonia or Parkinson 's disease . In rare cases , it has been used for patients with intractable depression and OCD . The electrodes alter the electrical field around regions of the brain thought to influence disease -- in some cases amplifying it , in others dampening it -- in hopes of relieving symptoms , said Dr. Frank Hsu , professor and chair of the department of neurosurgery at University of California , Irvine . Hsu says stimulating the brain has worked with several OCD patients , but that the precise mechanism is not well understood . The procedure is not innocuous : It involves a small risk of bleeding in the brain , stroke and infection . A battery pack embedded under the skin keeps the electrical current coursing to the brain , but each time the batteries run out , another surgical procedure is required . ' I feel like laughing ' As doctors navigated Larsen 's brain tissue in the operating room -- stimulating different areas to determine where to focus the electrical current -- Larsen began to feel his fear fade . At one point he began beaming , then giggling . It was an uncharacteristic light moment for someone usually gripped by anxiety . In response to Larsen 's laughter , a staff member in the operating room asked him what he was feeling . Larsen said , "  I do n't know why , but I feel happy . I feel like laughing . " Doctors continued probing his brain for hours , figuring out what areas -- and what level of stimulation -- might work weeks later , when Larsen would have his device turned on for good . In the weeks after surgery , the residual swelling in his brain kept those good feelings going . For the first time in years , Larsen and his mother had hope for normalcy . "  I know that Brett has a lot of normal in him , even though this disease eats him up at times , " said Michele Larsen . "  There are moments when he 's free enough of anxiety that he can express that . But it 's only moments . It 's not days . It 's not hours . It 's not enough . " Turning it on In January , Larsen had his device activated . Almost immediately , he felt a swell of happiness reminiscent of what he had felt in the OR weeks earlier . But that feeling would be fleeting -- the process for getting him to an optimal level would take months . Every few weeks doctors increased the electrical current . "  Each time I go back it feels better , " Larsen said . "  I 'm more calm every time they turn it up . " With time , some of his compulsive behaviors became less pronounced . In May , several weeks after his device was activated , he could put on his shoes with ease . He no longer spun them around in an incessant circle to allay his anxiety . But other behaviors -- such as turning on and shutting off the faucet -- continued . Today , things are better , but not completely normal . Normal , by society 's definition , is not the outcome Larsen should expect , experts say . Patients with an intractable disease who undergo deep brain stimulation should expect to have manageable OCD . Lately , Larsen feels less trapped by his mind . He is able to make the once interminable trek outside his home within minutes , not hours . He has been to Disneyland with friends twice . He takes long rides along the beach to relax . In his mind , the future looks bright . "  I feel like I 'm getting better every day , " said Larsen , adding that things like going back to school or working now feel within his grasp . "  I feel like I 'm more able to achieve the things I want to do since I had the surgery . " OCD in children : ' A darkness has overtaken me '	With deep brain stimulation , electrodes are implanted in the brain The experimental treatment is more commonly used to treat nervous system disorders Doctors are testing it out for depression and OCD
CNN  -- You know her best as a multi-platinum recording artist and a 14-time Grammy award-winning singer , songwriter and producer . But Alicia Keys has also made quite a name for herself as a philanthropist and AIDS advocate . It was in 2003 , on her first trip to Africa , when Keys witnessed firsthand the disease 's devastation . When she returned to the United States , she co-founded "  Keep a Child Alive , " an organization that has raised millions to care for HIV/AIDS patients in Africa and India . "  So , as I 've grown , you know , I think one of the things that I 've realized is that there are not the headlines about the AIDS pandemic here in America that there should be , and it is shocking , and it is unacceptable , " Keys told CNN last month . CDC : Half of young people with HIV do n't know it "  Yet we 're not speaking about it , and so that 's what 's kind of brought me around to really becoming a part of what I like to say , ` bridging the conversation ' so that there 's not only an international conversation , there 's not only a domestic conversation , there 's a global conversation that we can all be a part of . " Keys brought that conversation to Washington , where she met with women being treated at the United Medical Center 's Infectious Diseases Clinic . She also teamed up with Greater Than AIDS , a national public information group founded by the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Black AIDS Institute , to launch her latest initiative -- a campaign aimed at reaching out specifically to American women . It 's called "  Empowered " and phase one features a video of Keys and five women who are HIV-positive from all walks of life . They include Stephanie , a college graduate diagnosed at 19 ; and Kym , diagnosed three years ago after her new husband got sick and died of the disease  she did not know he 'd been HIV-positive for a decade  . Also included are Cristina , a graduate student born with the virus ; Jen , a wife and mother who was diagnosed at 18 ; and Eva , a wife , mother , grandmother and home health care professional who found out she was HIV-positive when she was just 17 -- and pregnant . The women share their stories and their determination to change the course -- and the face -- of HIV/AIDS . Keys said she wants all women to know the facts about HIV and its impact on women ; to be able to speak openly about the disease with family and friends ; to protect themselves and their loved ones ; to get tested without shame ; and to live rich , healthy lives by getting and staying on treatment . Why youths are n't getting tested for HIV "  We ca n't act like it 's not happening . We have to make sure we know that we 're all at risk . This is all of our issues , you know . This does n't make you bad . ... You should n't feel like you 're ashamed . We have to make sure that we are demanding access to being tested . We have to demand access to treatment with dignity . " She found an ally in senior White House adviser Valerie Jarrett , whose passion about the epidemic inspired her . Part of that passion , Jarrett said , comes from losing her sister-in-law nearly 20 years ago to the disease . "  She was married with a young child and did n't really get the testing that she should have had early on in her illness because it never occurred to anyone that a married mom would actually ... be HIV positive , " Jarrett told CNN . "  Losing her was just devastating for our family and so that 's where I began to realize , of course , this could happen to anybody 's family . " More than 1.1 million Americans are HIV positive , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . One in five do n't know they 're infected . One in four people living with HIV is a woman . In Washington , one of the hardest-hit areas in the country , rates among African-American women have skyrocketed -- more than 92 % of women living with HIV there are black . It was here , last year , that Keys and Jarrett came together and decided to support each other 's efforts . President Barack Obama is committed to the goal of an AIDS-free generation and will do everything in his power to eradicate the disease , according to Jarrett . That includes $ 23 billion for HIV in next year 's proposed budget . But , said Jarrett , HIV still has to be brought out of the shadows . Timeline : AIDS moments to remember "  We ca n't pretend it does n't exist , " Jarrett said . "  When people share these stories , it de-stigmatizes it , it brings it out in to the light and when we do that , we improve the quality of life that all people will have . " For its part , Empowered will provide community-based grants of up to $ 25,000 for programs focused on women . That , Keys hopes , will help open up a meaningful dialogue in this country . "  For a woman and a black woman , you know , this is a conversation that we must have as all women . Again , as all human beings , we have to have this conversation , " she said . "  I feel like this is an incredibly wonderful opportunity that we have to have a real dialogue , woman to woman , mother to mother , sister to sister , brother to sister ... father to daughter , daughter to mother , you know , friend to friend . This is what we have to start absolutely being open about . "	One in four people living with HIV is a woman Alicia Keys is launching Empowered , a campaign aimed at women She hopes to start a global dialogue about HIV and women
CNN  -- The former stepson of singer Usher Raymond remained in critical condition in an Atlanta hospital Tuesday , four days after he was injured while riding in an inner tube at a north Georgia lake , his family said . A personal water craft crashed into Kile Glover , 11 , and a girl as they rode on an inner tube that was being towed by a pontoon boat in Lake Lanier on Friday , according to an accident report from the Georgia Department of Natural Resources . Kile suffered a serious head injury and was flown by helicopter to Children 's Healthcare at Egleston Hospital in Atlanta , it said . The 15-year-old girl , who was not identified in the report , was also taken to the hospital . Her condition was not made public . Usher 's view from the top of the charts Jeffrey Hubbard , a 38-year-old Atlanta man , was driving the personal water craft , the investigation report said . Investigators concluded that alcohol was not involved in the incident . The family has held vigil at the hospital since Friday . Usher visited Kile early Saturday morning , but has not returned , according to a source close to the family . "  We know God 's in control , and are leaning on our faith in Him and His word at this most difficult time , " his family said in a statement to CNN Tuesday . "  We firmly believe in the power of prayer and ask that you all continue to pray and lift Kile up , as it 's the best way we can all support him now . " Usher continuing Michael Jackson 's legacy ? Kile 's mother is Tameka Raymond , who was married to Usher for two years until their divorce in 2009 . The couple have two sons together , ages 3 and 4 . Kile 's father is Ryan Glover , the president of Bounce TV , a fledgling television network targeting African-American audiences . He is also a former executive with Turner Broadcasting , the parent company of CNN . Tameka Raymond on life after Usher CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Kile Glover , 11 , suffered a serious head injury when a jet ski hit him Friday Usher was married to Kile 's mother and is the father of his two young brothers "  We know God 's in control , " Kile 's family says The child 's father is Bounce TV President Ryan Glover
CNN  -- Ahmed Ben Bella , Algeria 's first president after the country became independent from France in 1962 , has died at the age of 96 , Algeria 's state-run news agency said Wednesday . He passed away at his family home in Algiers , Algerie Presse Service reported . He was taken to a military hospital twice more than a month ago , the news service said . Ben Bella was president until 1965 , when he was deposed in a coup by Houari Boumedienne . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Ahmed Ben Bella was president from 1962 to 1965 He died at his family home in Algiers , state media says
Washington  CNN  -- A bipartisan group of congressmen wrote President Barack Obama on Wednesday , urging him to take stronger steps to prevent Ebola from spreading in the U.S. . The 26 members of Congress urged Obama to toughen airport screenings , ban citizens of impacted West African countries from traveling to the U.S. and consider quarantining travelers who have recently traveled to those countries . "  With three nations in Africa currently facing an Ebola epidemic , our government must take aggressive action to combat and prevent the spread of this disease in the United States , " the Congressmen wrote the President . The congressmen , who were primarily Republicans but included three Democrats , note that the disease could spread in the U.S. as infected individuals might not show symptoms for 21 days after being exposed to the deadly virus , according to the Centers for Disease Control . The latest Ebola updates "  Not only are we at risk from travelers showing symptoms of the disease , but also asymptomatic travelers who harbor the disease and become symptomatic and contagious after arrival , " the Congressmen wrote . Congressman Alan Grayson , a Democrat from Florida who is one of the lead signatories of the letter , had previously urged the Obama administration to prevent citizens of Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , the three most affected countries , from traveling to the U.S. . The other two Democrats who signed the letter were Rep. Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona and Rep. Dave Loebsack of Iowa . How NYC is preparing for Ebola Obama on Monday ordered increased passenger screenings at U.S. airports , but would not ban travelers from those West African countries . The World Health Organization and the CDC have not called for such bans , though 27 African countries have already created such a ban . But the Congressmen pushed back , urging Obama "  not to ` pass the buck ' on this crucial issue . " " -LSB- The WHO -RSB- has no duty to protect the lives and well-being of Americans , as you do , " they wrote . "  It has utterly failed to stem this epidemic through its own action . The responsibility for this decision is yours , not theirs . " Complete coverage on Ebola Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	26 members of Congress urged Obama to toughen airport screenings . Congressman Alan Grayson had urged Obama to respond earlier this year . Obama has said he would not implement a travel ban , since the CDC and WHO have not called for it .
CNN  -- The Cumberland River in Nashville , Tennessee , is predicted to be at flood stage overnight Friday , and flood levels should begin to fall after daylight , according to the National Weather Service . Flood warnings have been issued along the river . Flash flood warnings were in effect Thursday for parts of middle Tennessee after heavy rain battered the state overnight . The rain has subsided in and around Nashville , but more is in the forecast for the end of the week , the National Weather Service said . Heavy rain in parts of the state this week caused rivers and creeks to crest , and sent flood waters into the streets . Dozens of roads were closed and some schools in middle Tennessee were closed or starting late Thursday , the Macon County  Tennessee  Times reported . Some areas , like the town of Red Boiling Springs , were pounded with as much as eight inches of rain in a 12-hour stretch Wednesday . Flood waters rushed into the town causing officials to close the entire downtown , police told CNN-affiliate WKRN . "  There were so many places that were dangerous to attempt to cross , " said Jacob Jordan , an officer with the Red Boiling Springs Police Department . "  I have no idea where the road was . This was all one big body of water . " The rain comes as some Tennessee residents were still recovering from the devastating floods that hit the area in May . Dozens of people died in those floods . The federal government declared 42 counties disaster areas and the flooding was blamed for more than $ 1.5 billion in property damage in the Nashville area .	Heavy rain pounded middle Tennessee overnight The National Weather Service issues flash flood warnings and flood warnings near the Cumberland River Floods come as some residents are still recovering from devastating May floods
CNN  -- The United Nations is urging countries to invest in green jobs working with "  sustainable forest management " to address the growing problem of unemployment worldwide . A deforested area appears in a rain forest in Brazil 's Para state in October . At least 10 million such jobs could be created , the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization will say in a report to be released this week . The report does not mention any countries but is aimed at "  mainly regions with substantial rural unemployment and degraded land areas , " said C.T.S. Nair , chief economist in the U.N. Forestry Department and one of the authors of the report . While all countries could benefit from investing in these green jobs , Nair said , Asia and Africa -- and to some extent Latin America -- could benefit the most . India , China and almost all countries in Africa stand to benefit , he added . The United Nations said it already is seeing indications that some countries -- such as the United States , India and South Korea -- are interested and taking action to invest in sustainable forest management by making it part of their economic stimulus plans . Sustainable forestry aims to prevent depletion of forests by managing them and making sure their use does not interfere with natural benefits or the local environment . For example , in forests where wood is being removed , the United Nations is suggesting that people be hired to monitor and manage how much wood is taken out to ensure the forest does not become depleted and can grow back fully . Managers also would make sure the wood harvest would n't affect biodiversity and the water supply . The report will be discussed and analyzed next week at the U.N. Committee on Forestry meeting in Rome , Italy . The Food and Agriculture Organization has designated next week as World Forest Week .	U.N. says countries should invest in green jobs for "  sustainable forest management " Sustainable forestry aims to prevent depletion of forests Asia and Africa could benefit the most from such jobs , report co-author says Report will be discussed next week at meeting in Italy
CNN  -- The contents of your pocket gleam up at you from the Newport , Rhode Island sidewalk like a sarcastic wink . You sit on the curb , surrounded by police cars , cuffs slicing your wrists , passersby whispering . You 've told the cops you 're an FBI agent . You 'd been debriefing your supervising officer two states away at the time they allege you committed the crime . They check your ID what seems like a hundred times . They even look at it upside-down . Yet here you are , still waiting on them to finish checking out your story . You are , of course , black . You 've heard folks say , "  If black folks would just take responsibility , stop blaming slavery , maybe they would n't be getting arrested and killed in the numbers they are . " But how much more personal responsibility can you take ? You grew up without a dad and still became an undercover FBI agent . After the above incident , M. Quentin Williams , author of the upcoming "  A Survival Guide : How Not to Get Killed by the Police , " went on to become a federal prosecutor , then in-house counsel for the NFL and NBA . How much more responsibility could Professor Henry Louis Gates , Jr. have taken -- beyond becoming one of the world 's pre-eminent intellectuals -- that would have stopped officers arresting him at his own front door ? How much more responsibility could President Barack Obama have taken -- beyond making history and achieving policy goals unrealized by his white predecessors -- that would stop some people from portraying him with a bone through his nose and calling him a terrorist ? Where was St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch 's personal responsibility to say , "  call a prosecutor from the other side of the state to build the case against a local officer ? " Where was the personal responsibility of Officer Daniel Pantaleo to stop choking Eric Garner when he kept saying he could n't breathe ? Why did he arrest him for the finable offense of selling loose cigarettes , or "  loosies ? " It 's racism , whether we want to admit it as a society or not , that says : "  It 's legal to kill unarmed black men . " The people marching are n't making it up . This is real . I know because I 'm married to a black man . A man , who numerous times , has had an officer 's gun on him , though he attended Harvard and has never been accused of committing a crime . The impunity with which officers  and even members of the neighborhood watch  can brutalize and kill black people reeks of the past . I ca n't sleep thinking my mixed-race girls will grow up in a society that values their lives less than mine . Still , I have friends and family who are officers . I see what they sacrifice to serve . I respect them and I need their protection . We have nowhere to go if each side paints the other with a broad and tainted brush . Dialogue is the only way forward . So I spoke to Williams , as well as to a white officer , Graham Campbell , a high school classmate of mine who became an NYPD officer in Harlem . Campbell vouches convincingly for the vast majority of officers : "  In the Academy , my lieutenant said to us : ` Ten percent of you are born to be officers . For 80 % , this is a job . Ten percent of you are criminals . ' " Quentin Williams corroborates this : "  Ninety-nine-point-nine percent of cops are good . " He adds a caveat : "  But there are bad cops , like in any other profession . You should be able to indict a bad officer . With video evidence , you  should  get an indictment probably 100 % of the time . " "  I do n't think he meant to kill Eric Garner , " Campbell says . "  Guys say they ca n't breathe all the time , especially if there 's a crowd . It 's a tactic . " This difference in perception makes me curious : Is there racial tension within the police force itself ? Campbell states , "  There 's no silent war between races on the job . " Williams parses the matter : A few minority officers "  might put their heads in the sand , but from my experience , a vast majority understand the issues very well " and they 're very concerned . But minority officers have to approach these issues with "  some sensitivity " for fear of being "  accused of using the ` race card , ' " he said . Campbell admits that occasionally , he would hear casual use of the word "  animals . " He elaborates : "  No matter where you work , you 're going to end up resenting that community because you play referee far more often than you end up playing police officer . " He adds : "  There are criminal cops . I would n't hesitate to report them : Cops who abuse , cops who steal and do drugs . But a cop who ends up spinning scenes up ? I might not want him at my crime scene ... but I 'm not going to ask him to be indicted . " But is n't it criminal to lose control to the point of killing an unarmed citizen ? Not indicting officers who kill the civilians they 've vowed to protect sends a message that they 're above the law they 've sworn to enforce . To make matters worse , when black people protest injustice , they 're further vilified . The night of McCulloch 's announcement of the Grand Jury decision , Campbell posted on Facebook that Ferguson dispatch said a white male with a flag bandana had set fire to a police car . Meanwhile , on the news , all I saw were images of black kids walking up to convenience stores with uncertain intent . Campbell acknowledges that the white male could have set fires to frame black protestors . We 'll never know . The point is , white people overwhelmingly get the benefit of the doubt from our society , while black people 's benefit to society gets doubted . When pressed if he thinks profiling exists , Campbell replies , " If anything , it looks like white folks get the benefit of much more discretion . If you got locked up , you could have your parents call a high-powered attorney to get you out . ... Whereas if you 're locked up in the bullpen with a public defender , " it 's a diferent story . A racial double standard exists in policing practices . According to ProPublica , black men are 21 times more likely to be killed by police than white men . White America must face how its own prejudices inform whom they perceive as criminals and whom as victims . Campbell nails the heart of where white and black America diverge : "  In these discussions we do n't have : ` If I stop a black guy on a drug block because I think he 's buying , and he was n't doing anything , it wounds his soul . ' This is me doing my job . I do n't think about the impact because it 's not an impact I have to live with . " Williams admits that a certain amount of profiling is part of any police work , but holds firm that law enforcement leadership must do more to create an environment of sensitivity to -- and accountability for -- injustice . Meanwhile , the wound to the man 's soul , we ignore at our peril . It has a history . It has a future . African-American culture disproportionately constitutes the soul of America . In wounding the souls of black folk , we wound our own . If we do n't acknowledge those wounds , and officially atone for the crimes that caused them , we 'll keep killing for loosies and putting the victims on trial . Note : An earlier version of this article gave an incorrect location for the incident described in the first paragraph . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Lucia Brawley : The responsibility for ending killings by police is shared by many She says black males , even FBI agents , are often the target of unfair police actions Law enforcement must do more to remedy inequities and injustice , she says
LAHORE , Pakistan  CNN  -- It 's hot and sweaty in a rat-infested room in Lahore 's historic red light district , a neighborhood of narrow alleyways lined with brothels . A dancer does the "  mujra , " a traditional dance banned by a judge for being "  vulgar , " in Lahore , Pakistan . A barefoot , long-haired woman is gyrating and twirling on the carpet , to the beat of a four-man band whose drummer sweats profusely as he pounds out a furious rhythm . The dancer , who only gives her first name , Beenish , is performing a kind of Pakistani belly-dance called the mujra . Her harmonium player , a skinny bald man who squints through coke-bottle glasses , has been performing like this for the past 50 years . But he says the art form is dying out . "  That spark , the way it was in the past , is no more , " said Ghulam Sarwar . Last fall , a judge in Lahore 's high court declared the mujra dance "  vulgar " and banned it from being performed on stage . Some here say the government is cracking down on easy , "  immoral " targets in an attempt to appease religious hard-liners like the Taliban . Islamist militants are believed to be responsible for a recent wave of bomb attacks in Lahore , targeting cinemas , theaters and cafes where young men and women fraternize together . "  It is a gesture of good will to pacify the mullahs and the Taliban , " said Samia Amjad , a lawmaker in the provincial assembly . Though she is a member of an opposition political party , she said she supported the crackdown on vulgarity . "  I see it as an essential part of Islam . " Dancers are n't the only targets of the court censors . In late March , the Lahore high court banned two female singers from recording new albums after ruling that they sang sexually explicit lyrics . "  If the current circumstances persist in Pakistan , " said Noora Lal , one of the banned singers , "  then singing will die out in this country . " Pakistan is a deeply conservative Muslim nation , where the punishment for blasphemy is the death sentence . But there is one person in Lahore who openly mocks the conservative establishment : painter and restaurant owner Iqbal Hussain . Though he said he has received multiple death threats from Islamist fundamentalists , Hussain continues to be Pakistan 's most vocal defender of prostitutes . All of the models portrayed in his paintings are sex workers . "  I portray them on canvas , portray them as human beings , " Hussain said , "  They feel pain . They want their children to be educated . " Hussain knows the industry intimately . He was born to a family of sex workers . His mother , a former prostitute , passed away last month at the age of 98 . The small , soft-spoken painter has turned the house he grew up in , an old four-story building with ornate wooden balconies , into a popular restaurant for tourists and wealthy Pakistanis . On one side of the house there is a brothel , on the other side , the 17th century Badshahi Mosque , one of the largest mosques in the world . In his subversive paintings , which Hussain said sell for more than $ 10,000 each , he highlights the overlap between Lahore 's sex industry and its religious community . In one canvas , hundreds of worshippers are depicted prostrating themselves around the mosque , while in the foreground , two women apply lipstick and makeup on a balcony . Hussain explained that the prostitutes in the painting were preparing to receive new customers as soon as the prayers in the mosque were over . Watch the dance being called "  immoral " in Pakistan " The painter claimed that on religious festivals , the brothels and dance halls in his neighborhood overflow with customers . "  They come from the northern areas with their turbans , " Iqbal said , laughing . "  All coming to this area . They 're not going to the mosque ... but to the brothels ! " Nevertheless , the rising tide of the Taliban in northwestern Pakistan has some residents of Lahore 's red light district worried . "  May Allah keep us safe from them , " said Beenish , the mujra dancer . "  We are poor , humble people . They should not target this place . " Photography by CNN 's Farhad Shadravan .	In Lahore 's red light district , Iqbal Hussain mocks Pakistan 's religious establishment "  I portray -LSB- sex workers -RSB- on canvas , portray them as human beings , " Hussain said . Painter has turned home into popular restaurant for tourists and wealthy Pakistanis Rising tide of Taliban and threat of violence has some residents worried
CNN  -- If buttons are a thing of the past and touch screens are the present , what are the screens of the future ? It 's not a riddle , but it is a trick question : if the projections of companies like Displair are true then the screens of the future wo n't be screens at all but interactive images floating in mid-air . According to Russian designer Max Kamanin , creator of Displair , high-tech displays made from mist and air are "  the next step in visual technology " . Tired with "  electronic junk " such as TV sets and monitors , Kamanin wanted to invent something that would allow people to display and interact with information without cluttering the physical environment . His solution ? Projecting 3D images onto sheets of mist , giving the illusion of a hologram : "  An airstream is created from tiny water drops , similar to the ones in the clouds . The water drops are so tiny they do n't have any moisture in them ; you can test it on paper or your glasses -- your piece of paper will remain dry and your glasses wo n't steam up . We can then see images that are projected onto these tiny water drops , " he explains . With the technology consisting of air , water and light Displair is one of the simpler concepts in the burgeoning holographic and 3D projection industry . "  I realised that everything already exists in nature and everything that people create comes from nature : we just need to watch it carefully and you will soon get your answers . " With Displair , users need not wear special glasses as with many other new screen systems because the image is being displayed onto an invisible screen ; and that screen responds "  intuitively " to hand movements -- 1500 of them -- many of which are similar to those used on our mobile devices , such as pinch-and-zoom . Today the technology is being used in advertising by big companies such as Google , Coca-Cola and Pepsi , but Kamanin can see practical applications elsewhere , such as in medicine . "  A heart surgeon could see in the air a patient 's heart and could blow it up and search for information immediately without having to wash his hands . " The screen-free display comes at a time when concerns are emerging over the hygiene of digital multi-touch displays : "  By creating Displair we have developed a product which can be used as a public terminal for extracting necessary information such as timetables and restaurant menus , " says Kamanin . "  It means that in the future when bigger displays are created numerous people can use Displair at the same time , play games and search for information . " Projecting forward , Kamanin says that in the future he and his team hope to explore scent , to offer users a multi-sensory experience . For now though , he says the basic technology needs further refinement to improve the picture quality and interaction speed . For more on the future of tech visit Blueprint	Displays made from mist and air are "  the next step in visual technology " With Displair , users need not wear special glasses Screen responds ` intuitively ' to hand movements
Editor 's note : Business Insider is contributing a series of columns to CNN.com that challenge commonly held beliefs about the tech world . Business Insider  -- Zynga 's hit Facebook game "  FarmVille " is arguably the most widely played video game in existence . What is especially impressive about that is that "  FarmVille " is n't any fun . We are n't being snobs , saying people should n't like it because it is n't good . We 're saying that people do n't like it , but they play it anyway . Try explaining "  FarmVille " to someone who has never played it , and watch their eyes glaze over . Ask your friends who fill your Facebook newsfeed with their "  FarmVille " accomplishments , and you 'll find that most of them are embarrassed . They think the game is stupid and boring , but they just ca n't stop playing . So why do so many people play "  FarmVille " if it is n't fun ? There are two main reasons : The simplest reason is advertising . "  FarmVille " is advertised like crazy all over Facebook , so it 's always in everyone 's face . This advertising is incredibly effective , because it is so immediate : You click on the ad , and you 're playing the game . "  FarmVille 's " parent company , Zynga , is n't the only one advertising "  FarmVille , " though . Users are constantly advertising the game to their friends , too , through "  viral " channels on Facebook . As you play , the game periodically prompts you to post about your accomplishments on your Facebook wall . These posts , which are generated with a simple click from within the game , appear in all of your friends ' news feeds . This encourages your friends to play . So Zynga gets free advertising . And because your name is attached to it , your friends think it 's a word-of-mouth recommendation . The less obvious reason that millions of people are addicted to "  FarmVille " is that there 's a sense of social obligation to play . If you do n't play "  FarmVille , " your "  FarmVille " friends suffer . Zynga makes it your duty to play . Getting ahead in the game depends on having plenty of Facebook friends who are also playing . If you know any dedicated "  FarmVille " players , chances are you 've seen messages from them about it : Their farms need help , and you are just the person ! You are letting your friends down if you do n't play . All of this puts "  FarmVille " in your face , whether you want it there or not . This rubs a lot of people the wrong way , but it 's essential to the game 's success . Facebook recently cut back on game developers ' ability to post updates to users ' walls , because people were angry that their newsfeeds were filling up with "  FarmVille " spam . Facebook games immediately began bleeding users . Because they are n't fun , they need a constant barrage of ads and viral endorsements to keep people engaged . Of course , none of these three forces compel the average Facebook user to play "  FarmVille . " But because the number of Facebook users is so huge -- over 500 million , at last count -- even a small percentage of Facebook users can make a game like "  FarmVille " very popular . This formula does n't lead to good games , but it does lead to consistent success . "  FarmVille " is in a league of its own in terms of users , but as a game , it is almost identical to every other Zynga game and every game released by its competitors . The same game mechanics are copied and put in different contexts . Whether you 're running a farm , heading up a mafia family or taking care of your fish , the game remains the same . Zynga does n't even have to think up the contexts : Most of its games , including "  FarmVille , " are nearly exact replicas of its competitors ' offerings . All of this makes Facebook an extremely odd platform for games . On the one hand , it is incredibly successful , generating hundreds of millions of dollars for Zynga alone . On the other hand , it leads to games that could n't work anywhere else . Zynga has made a lot of noise about establishing its own destination site , but none of these games has ever taken off elsewhere , because people wo n't play them without the ads , the viral reminders and the sense of obligation . That should be troubling for Zynga . For one thing , its business is at the mercy of Facebook 's whim . For another , it raises an important question : What if someone finds a way to make fun games work on Facebook ? Copyright  2011 Business Insider .	Zynga 's hit Facebook game "  FarmVille " is arguably the most widely played online game The company makes it your duty to play "  FarmVille , " creating a sense of social obligation Facebook is an extremely odd platform for games , but it 's successful
CNN  -- It 's been more than a year since NBA legend Shaquille O'Neal retired from the court , and he says he does n't miss it . The basketball champ has his eye on a new target : diabetes . "  It 's alarming , " says O'Neal . "  We need to come together to try to help prevent the disease and stay healthy . " Nearly 26 million Americans have diabetes , and another 79 million Americans are considered pre-diabetic , according to the American Diabetes Association . Approximately two thirds of diabetics eventually die from heart disease or a stroke . For O'Neal , the fight against diabetes is personal . He was drawn to finding a solution after watching close family members struggle to manage the disease . He 's now focusing his energy on preventing people from developing diabetes in the first place . Waist size signals diabetes risk "  Childhood obesity is getting worse , " he says . "  People need to know the problem is n't going to go away unless we take control now . " O'Neal spent years taking flak about his fluctuating weight throughout his 19-year NBA career . But the self-proclaimed "  freak of nature " says there 's always been a method to his madness . " -LSB- Critics -RSB- would automatically say , ` He 's out of shape , ' but I wanted to just relax during the summer , hang out with the family , and then work my way into basketball-playing shape , " says O'Neal . "  I 've never been obese . Even now my body fat is only 13 % . " Makers of diabetes drug will pay $ 90 million Today , the 7-foot tall O'Neal says his current weight stays around 350 , "  plus 10 , " but admits it 's not easy to stay at a healthy weight and reduce his risk of developing diabetes . O'Neal says he limits the amount of carbohydrates in his diet , eats a salad for lunch everyday and only indulges in an occasional brownie , his vice . He also clocks one hour of cardiovascular activity each day . Diabetes diagnoses increasing at alarming rate "  It 's a different world we live in now , " says O'Neal . "  I always urge people to eat healthy and ask them to try to help your kids get exercise . I stress the importance of keeping them in shape . It 's not about the physical appearance but for their health . " In addition to raising awareness on how to prevent diabetes through a healthy lifestyle , O'Neal says he also wants to help diabetics better manage their disease . He recently invested in a product called glucose quick sticks , which he describes as a healthier alternative for diabetics when their blood sugar is low .	NBA star Shaquille O'Neal says his fight against diabetes is personal O'Neal has watched close family members struggle to manage the disease Nearly 26 million Americans have diabetes , and another 79 million are pre-diabetic
CNN  -- Thousands of acres of a Southern California forest are going up in flames for the second time in less than three weeks . Together , the two blazes have scorched a large hole out of the wooded mountains near Palm Springs . More than 1,400 firefighters are struggling to contain the current ongoing wildfire as a steady wind blows it toward the east . "  You can imagine , on the side of the hill with the rocks and the terrain , how hard it would be , with 40 pounds on your back , trying to put in a hose or cutting lines with hand tools , " Lucas Spelman of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection told CNN affiliate KTLA . The blaze has scorched more than 16,000 acres , or 25 square miles , and is 25 % contained , fire officials said Friday . "  This fire ... was one of the most quickly spreading , rapidly spreading , dangerous fires I 've ever seen , " Riverside Fire Chief John Hawkins told KTLA . California Gov. Jerry Brown on Friday declared a state of emergency in Riverside County , authorizing the help of all state agencies in fighting the blaze . The weather forecast in the drought-stricken area offers no hope . The sun will blaze through dry , clear skies , the National Weather Service says . It will push high temperatures to near 100 degrees , keeping the forest flammable , while crews try to douse raging flames with the help of 169 engines , eight helicopters , 16 bulldozers and 13 water trucks . One civilian and five firefighters have been injured , California Fire reported . The cause is still under investigation . Flames have consumed 26 homes and one business . About 1,500 people have fled from their path and seven communities have been ordered to evacuate , fire officials said . Evacuation centers have been set up at area high schools . "  It 's heart-wrenching . It 's very heart-wrenching , " Joanne Trosper told CNN affiliate KTLA , after watching the fire consume some of her neighbors ' homes in Poppet Flats . "  Anytime the fire comes , it 's bad memories , but this is the worst one yet . " July 's wildfire , just a few miles away , was even worse . It devoured more than 27,000 acres and 6,000 people were ordered to evacuate , before 3,400 firefighters could get the flames under control . Luckily , rain came to their aid . CNN 's Diahann Reyes and Lauren Russell contributed to this report .	NEW : Governor delclares a state of emergency in Riverside County The current blaze has consumed at least 16,000 acres Official : ` One of the most quickly spreading , rapidly spreading , dangerous fires ' Weather forecast calls for dry , high heat and steady winds
CNN  -- With President Obama 's re-election , many liberals believe they possess the building blocks of the winning political coalition of the future : college students , single women , gays , secularists , Hispanics , African-Americans and Asian-Americans . Liberals see here not a splintered electorate but key constituencies united by a common agenda of economic and social justice . In previous columns , I have conceded the strength of the Democrats in these quarters . Fifty , 25 , perhaps even 10 years ago , this brand of liberalism probably would have failed . But today , the country , the demographics and the culture are different . Americans are less white , less religious and less likely to get married and have families . Liberalism has adapted accordingly . For the college student struggling with student loan debt , the single mother who can barely afford to provide for her children , the minority family in the inner city struggling to find work , liberalism offers immediate relief : subsidized student loans , national health care and entitlements for the elderly and the poor . Rather than waiting on free markets to correct themselves and start creating wealth again , liberalism 's cure is immediate , and so are the political payoffs . This explains partly why many voters feel liberals care about them more than conservatives . For the ideologically driven -- the pro-choice , pro-gay-marriage voters and Sandra Flukes of the world  she was the Georgetown student at the center of a birth control debate this year  -- liberalism offers a slightly different relief : the rejection of the central role of mediating institutions -- like churches , families and community organizations -- in imposing moral standards to govern or regulate behavior within the state . Politics : The new America -- What the election teaches us about ourselves Churches and families can exist , says liberalism , so long as they exercise "  soft " religion and do n't force their views on the public . When they do , like in the case of the Catholic Church and contraception , it 's necessary , says liberalism , for the state to step in and impart justice . This explains Obamacare 's contraception mandate and why much was made over the "  war on women . " Liberalism has effectively persuaded its many factions that it is uniquely qualified to meet their needs and desires , while conservatism has not . By its nature , liberalism molds to fit these times better than conservatism ; conservatism is by its nature more abstract than practical , more focused on long-term considerations than short term . Does this mean that conservatism is past its time and that liberalism is the mandate of the future ? No , it does n't . Liberalism 's continued success depends on many factors , but two in particular . First , it must paint the political alternative , conservatism , as the faction of social injustice , as anti-immigrant , anti-entitlement , anti-regulation and so on . The Obama campaign did that effectively in this election without an equally effective conservative response . One presumes that conservatives will be ready in 2016 . Second , and more important , effective state intervention of the sort liberals propose depends almost entirely on a state that is strong economically and socially . It is here that liberalism falls short in the long term . The various liberal constituencies are in fact atomized groups of individuals who are relying on government , rather than creating the economic growth or fostering the social and civic health necessary to sustain the ideal liberal state . Whereas liberals see entitlements as the immediate response to economic injustice , many fail to realize that they alone can not rebuild a middle class . In fact , they can have the opposite effect in the long term and insulate their recipients from upward mobility . With $ 16 trillion in national debt , an aging population and an already-overburdened entitlement system , the ideal liberal social welfare state can only sustain itself for so long before it collapses under its own weight . It is a lifeline attached to a slowly sinking ship . Politics : The new American electorate arrives Whereas liberals celebrate subsidized birth control and the unmooring of what they see as narrow-minded religious moral standards , they fail to realize the alternative that is right in front of them : out-of-wedlock birth rates that are at all-time highs and a destructive breakdown in the family unit . Absent strong , active , character-forming institutions , like families , schools , and churches , single mothers and low-income households in many cases have no where else to turn but to the government . The problem is that liberals often confuse such allegiance with successful governing . The liberal coalition of the future looks more like Greece , an advanced secular , social welfare state , than the idealized liberal glory days of FDR . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Bennett .	William Bennett : Since Obama won , liberals think winning coalition is diverse new groups He says it include gays , blacks , Hispanics , Asian-Americans , students , single women They want economic , social justice  aka entitlements  ; reject social unifiers like church , family Bennett : Entitlement state collapses without economic growth , shared social structures
CNN  -- Sprint superstar Usain Bolt was beaten by fellow Jamaican Yohan Blake for the second time in 48 hours on Sunday as he was pipped to first place in the 200m final at the Caribbean nation 's Olympic trials . The 22-year-old Blake , who clocked a time of 9.75 secs to beat Bolt over 100m on Friday , crossed the line in 19.80 secs in Kingston -- 0.03 secs ahead of his rival . Back-to-back defeats for three-time Olympic gold medalist Bolt , the world record holder over 100 and 200m , have increased the pressure on the 25-year-old ahead of the London 2012 Games -- which start on July 27 . "  I can never be discouraged , " the 25-year-old Bolt told reporters after the race . "  I 'm never worried until my coach gets worried . My coach is n't worried , so I 'm OK , " he added , referring to the Jamaican sprinter 's coach Glen Mills . When asked if he had anything to prove heading into his third Games , Bolt replied : "  I would say definitely . I 'm the Olympic champion , so I have to show the world that I 'm the best . "  I expect to come back . Three more weeks should be enough to get myself back into shape . " For Blake , who recorded the year 's leading time over 200m and a personal best in Friday 's 100m , it marks another significant step in his rise to prominence after clinching World Championship 100m gold in Daegu , South Korea last year , after Bolt was disqualified from the final after a false start . Bolt and Blake are the two fastest men of all time over 200m , with the former 's time of 19.19 secs the current world record . The duo will be hoping to meet again in the 100m final at London 's Olympic Stadium on August 5 and the 200m showpiece on August 9 . Former 100m world-record Asafa Powell and Warren Weir in the 200m complete the Jamaican line-up for the individual sprint disciplines . Three years ago Bolt set the 100m world record after running 9.58 secs at the World Championships .	Yohan Blake beats Usain Bolt over 200m at the Jamaican Olympic trials The win follows Blake 's victory over Bolt in Friday 's 100m final Three-time Olympic gold medalist Bolt holds the world record over 100 & 200m Blake is the reigning 100m world champion after winning in Daegu last year
CNN  -- China executed 13 people Monday who were indicted on terrorism charges related to attacks on public places in Xinjiang province in recent months , according to China 's Xinhua news agency . They were among dozens arrested and publicly tried after a government crackdown on terrorism in the region . Twenty-nine people were killed and 130 injured when men armed with long knives stormed a train station in Kunming in March . The next month , an attack on a train station in Urumqi , Xinjiang 's capital , left three dead , including the attackers , and an attack on an Urumqi market in May killed at least 39 . Those executed are believed to be close to or part of China 's Uyghur minority , a mainly Turkic-speaking Muslim population . The Higher People 's Court of Xinjiang , Uyghur Autonomous Region , found them guilty of organizing , leading and participating in terrorist groups ; murder ; arson ; theft ; and the illegal manufacture , storage and transportation of explosives , according to Xinhua . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward China 's Han majority in recent years over what they say is harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and Han people taking the lion 's share of economic opportunities in Xinjiang . Amnesty International said Uyghurs face widespread discrimination , including in employment , housing and educational opportunities , as well as curtailed religious freedom and political marginalization . Dozens of others tried and convicted received sentences ranging from delayed death penalties to life sentences and other lengthy prison terms , according to Xinhua . Yu Huitang , a spokesman with the Xinjiang Regional Higher People 's Court , said in May that "  the sentences are a warning to those who have religious extremist thoughts and intend to incite violence . " Chinese authorities say they apprehended more than 200 terror cells in Xinjiang last year and , according to Xinhua , China 's leaders have "  vowed to resolutely stop terrorism and severely punish terrorists . " CNN 's Aliza Kassim , Tim Hume and Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	13 people were executed for terrorism , Chinese media reports They had been arrested after terror attacks in Xinjiang province that killed 71 people Dozens more were convicted and given lengthy prison terms China is cracking down in Xinjiang , which has a minority Muslim population
Washington  CNN  -- From one-time participant to present-day activist against the illegal sport of animal fighting , Michael Vick came to Capitol Hill Tuesday in support of legislation that would criminalize spectators and others who organize the fighting . While trying to keep young people from taking part , the legislation more broadly hopes to make it easier to prosecute people who finance and arrange the gambling , provide locations for fights to happen and otherwise have knowledge of the activity . Vick , now a star quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles , was released from prison in 2009 after serving 20 months of a sentence for a dogfighting conviction . His case involved bankrolling illicit animal fights in the state of Virginia . "  I deeply regret my previous involvement in dogfighting , I 'm sorry for what I did to the animals , " Vick told a news conference . "  During my time in prison , I told myself I wanted to be part of the solution , not the problem . " He was accompanied by the head of the Humane Society of the United States , Wayne Pacelle , who acknowledged it was initially difficult to consider accepting Vick 's offer of help , until he realized Vick could carry some influence . "  The biggest growth area for dogfighting was urban-based dogfighting , " Pacelle said . "  Michael 's own story starting as a young boy getting involved in dogfighting I thought was a very powerful testimonial . ... "  We both agreed that the best thing he could do was speak to these kids because of the platform that he has as an NFL star and to warn them away from this conduct , " Pacelle said . The House bill , introduced last week , would establish federal misdemeanor penalties against convicted spectators , and make it a felony for adults found responsible for spectators who are children . At the Capitol Hill news conference , organizers played some local television news coverage showing illicit cockfights , including the participants and the surrounding scene . Vick told reporters the video took him right to the problem . "  To see the young kid walking with the cock , you know , was astonishing , " Vick said . "  It was taking place in a similar setting of what I 've been around before . "  This is what our kids are being taught , " he said , "  and it 's inhumane and it 's pointless . "  That child could be doing so much more with his life , instead of walking around with a cock in his hand , waiting to fight , even if he 's not involved , being there , his presence speaks volumes as to what goes on when people 's heads are turned . " The Animal Fighting Spectator Prohibition Act  H.R. 2492  was introduced by Reps. Tom Marino , R-Pennsylvania , and Betty Sutton , D-Ohio . Sutton was at the news conference along with Rep. Jim Moran , D-Virginia , who is among the co-sponsors .	Convicted former dogfighting participant Michael Vick wants spectators punished Congress considers the proposed Animal Fighting Spectator Prohibition Act The Humane Society embraces Vick 's influence against illicit animal fights The bill would criminalize broader participants and those who let children watch
Beijing  CNN  -- Flooding in China 's north and south caused by heavy rain has left at least 107 dead and inundated roads and farmland , the government and state media said . Three provinces in China 's northeast bore the brunt of the floods with 85 dead and 105 missing in Heilongjiang , Jilin and Liaoning as of 4pm on Monday , the government said . A total of 37 million residents in that region were affected by flood waters , Xinhua said , which were described by a local newspaper as the worst in 50 years in Liaoning province . More than 787,000 hectares of farmland in the region , a major grain growing area , were flooded and pictures showed roads in many urban areas looking more like rivers . Xinhua said that the People 's Liberation Army had been mobilized to carry out rescue work . At the opposite end of the country , rainfall in the wake of Typhoon Utor , which made landfall in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong last week , has killed 22 people and caused 8.6 billion yuan  $ 1.4 billion  of damage there . Dykes ruptured near Shantou in eastern Guangdong flooding low-lying homes and killing 10 . Some internet users criticized the official response to the floods . "  Government rescue is too slow . They send troops overseas for military exercise , but do n't care about its own people , " said a user of the Twitter-like Sina Weibo with the name @Lingchenliangdinan . "  Our farmland is completely flooded . The past year 's effort is all gone , " said another user @WoxiaotarenkanbuchuanL . Feng Ke reported from Beijing , Katie Hunt wrote from Hong Kong	Flooding in China 's north and south has left at least 107 dead Three provinces in China 's northeast bore the brunt of the floods Roads and farmlands have been inundated People 's Liberation Army mobilized to carry out rescue work .
CNN  -- New Zealand 's air force has gone to the rescue of a sick American -- in Antarctica . A crew of 12 , plus three medics , flew to evacuate the man Tuesday from the U.S. research base at McMurdo Station . There were limited details about the man 's health , but he had an illness , rather than an injury , said New Zealand Air Force Squadron Leader Kavae Tamariki . A rescue team initially set off Monday from Christchurch , but was forced to turn back after about an hour . With the snow , "  You were n't able to see anything , " Tamariki said . There also was snow on the runway at McMurdo . The second flight was able to touch down safely in Antarctica on Tuesday , despite temperatures of 35 below zero Celsius , he said . "  She 's landed , and we 're just waiting for confirmation that they 've taken off , " Tamariki said from New Zealand on Tuesday afternoon . The plane was expected back in Christchurch by Tuesday night , after a flight of 61/2 hours . It 's the second time in six months that New Zealand 's Air Force has been asked to rescue a sick American from McMurdo , because the Air Force is familiar with Antarctic weather and flying conditions , Tamariki said . It was unclear what the man in Tuesday 's rescue was doing at McMurdo Station , but research is done at and near the station in aeronomy and astrophysics , biology and medicine , geology and geophysics , glaciology and glacial geology , and ocean and climate systems . McMurdo was established in 1955 to serve as the logistics hub of the U.S. Antarctic Program . The station -- on the southern tip of Ross Island , on the shore of McMurdo Sound -- has a harbor , a helicopter pad , and landing strips on sea ice and shelf ice , according to the station 's website . The station , which is like a small town , includes repair facilities , dormitories , administrative buildings , a firehouse , a power plant , a water distillation plant and stores . Recorded temperatures there have fallen as low as 50 degrees below zero Celsius . Because of the tilt of the Earth and its orbit around the sun , there are two seasons in Antarctica -- summer and winter , or cold and colder . September is one of the coldest months .	A sick man needed evacuation from the U.S. research base at McMurdo Station A crew of 12 , plus three medics , flew to his rescue The flight was the second attempt by New Zealand 's Air Force Blinding snow and snow on the runway at McMurdo turned back the first mission
CNN  -- Reports of rapes , killings and other horrors are growing in the Central African Republic . Rights groups accuse security forces and militia gangs of torturing civilians as world leaders warn that the nation is on the verge of a genocide . Here 's a quick primer to get you up to speed on the escalating situation . 1 . First things first . Tell me about the Central African Republic The tiny , landlocked nation in central Africa is home to about 5 million people . It declared independence from France in 1960 , and has since been led by presidents or emperors . Some have been elected while others seized power by force . Despite vast resources , including gold , timber , diamonds and uranium , it 's among the poorest nations in the world . The riches from the minerals do n't trickle down to the population , fueling resentment . Lack of good governance does not help , either . 2 . So what 's going on with all the chaos ? It started off as anti-government resentment . A coalition of rebels named Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize in March , the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence . They accused the president of reneging on a peace deal , and demanded that he step down . Months before his ouster , both sides had brokered a deal to form a unity government led by the president . But that deal fell apart as the rebel coalition pushed its way from the north toward the capital of Bangui , seizing towns along the way . Rebels infiltrated the capital in March , sending Bozize fleeing to Cameroon . 3 . What happened after the president left ? The nation plunged into complete chaos . Political turmoil raged . Looters hit the main cities . Violence became the order of the day . Aid agencies warned of a humanitarian crisis as fear of the rebels prevented critically injured patients from going to health facilities . An unknown number of people have been killed in remote rural areas that are too risky to access . More than 400,000 people have been internally displaced , according to the United Nations . That 's nearly 10 % of the population . 4 . Who 's in charge of the nation now ? After the president fled , Seleka named its commander , Michel Djotodia , as the new leader . He took over and integrated some of the rebel fighters into the army , analysts say . 5 . Was this the nation 's first instance of instability ? No . Political turmoil is nothing new for the Central African Republic . About a decade ago , Bozize led a coup that deposed his predecessor . Though he later won elections in 2005 and 2011 , he did not have full control of the nation . Rebel groups ran amok for years , especially in rural areas . In fact , four of the nation 's five presidents since independence have been ousted through unconstitutional means . 6 . OK , the President left and the rebels got their wish . Why 's the fighting ongoing ? Some say say greed is a factor . Ousted government officials have long accused Seleka of going after the country 's vast minerals . Then there 's the reprisal aspect . When the president fled , the poorly-trained national army did n't stand a chance against the rebels . Rebels capitalized on the army 's weakness and went on a rampage , human rights groups say . The list of horrors is endless : rape , torture , kidnappings , looting . To counter the attacks , vigilante groups formed . Reprisals led to more mayhem . The country descended into anarchy and the United Nations warned that "  the seeds of a genocide are being sown . " 7 . What role does religion play in the tensions ? Good question . Rights groups say Seleka is a predominantly Muslim coalition . As history has shown over and over , religious loyalties can breed contempt and escalate conflicts . In addition , the conflict has exposed years of marginalization and discrimination against the northern , predominantly Muslim population , the United Nations says . Left uncontrolled , militia groups are banding along religious lines . Most of the vigilante groups fighting back are Christian , leading to fears of a full-blown conflict between the country 's Christians and Muslims . 8 . All this is happening a world away . Why should I care ? The Central African Republic is surrounded by countries struggling to emerge from years of conflict . South Sudan , Sudan 's Darfur region , the Democratic Republic of Congo and Chad are barely stable . Any instability is sure to have ripple effects that 'll be hard to ignore worldwide . CAR is also believed to be one of Joseph Kony 's hideouts . The United States sent special forces to the region last year to help hunt down Kony , the brutal leader of the Lord Resistance Army . In a sign of a potentially expanded role , the Pentagon recently said it 's considering sending aircraft to assault the Kony militia . The chaos not only risk destabilizing the region , they could complicate the Kony mission . 9 . What 's the current government doing ? The current president has tried to distance himself by disbanding Seleka , Human Rights Watch says . Djotodia , the president , has denied assertions that his country is on the brink of a genocide . "  I do n't think there 's a genocide , there 's not even a religious war , all of this is made up , it 's to manipulate , to manipulate the opinion of the international community , " he told Reuters . He accused the former regime of fueling the rebellion . "  They want to create a religious war by all means possible , " he says . "  That 's what Bozize wants . " 10 . What is the international community doing ? Though world leaders have warned of mass atrocities if nothing is done , the response has been limited . Last month , France pledged to send 1,000 more troops to add to the 400 it already has there . The current troops in the nation , it says , are there in a noncombat mission to protect French nationals and help secure the airport in the capital . An African Union force is already in the nation . The United Nations has suggested its peacekeeping force should eventually replace the African-led mission known , as MISCA . That potential force could number about 6,000 troops and 1,700 police personnel . Turning it into a U.N. peacekeeping operation would boost financial and logistical support .	A coalition of rebels ousted President Francois Bozize in March The nation plunged into complete chaos World response has been limited
CNN  -- The combined following of Manchester United stars Wayne Rooney and Rio Ferdinand on Twitter is an impressive 7.7 million -- more than the population of Switzerland . And to reflect the growing trend of footballers waxing lyrical on the micro-blogging site -- and occasionally overstepping the mark -- the English Premier League has now released their first ever set of guidelines on the subject . Only this week Chelsea and England defender Ashley Cole caused a storm when he joined Twitter and responded to the barbs from fans of his former club Arsenal by mocking them as to how many trophies he had won since leaving . And on Tuesday the English Football Association charged Arsenal 's Emmanuel Frimpong for bringing the game into disrepute for something he posted on Twitter . The Premier League were quick to trumpet the benefits of having their stellar names on social media sites , like Twitter and Facebook , as it allows for interaction with numerous fans , but stressed it must be used responsibly . "  Social media is doing a good job of allowing fans to feel closer to the players , " Premier League chairman Richard Scudamore was quoted as saying on their official website . "  There is a more human side now to some of the players and the public can communicate more directly with them . "  Clearly it is n't the same as texting your best mate or talking to someone in person and sometimes there can be abusive comments , but generally the internet , online chat rooms , and the way people are communicating is healthy . " According to the Premier League , their Facebook page and that of the 20 clubs in England 's top division have attracted an aggregate of 60 million ` likes . ' The figures underline the increasing importance of social media in sport , and the changing way in which people consume the action presented to them . More and more fans are not only watching the matches they attend , but filming them on mobile phones and uploading them to Twitter , Facebook or YouTube . "  The pleasure of sport lies not so much in witnessing an event as talking about it , " Ellis Cashmore , professor of Culture , Media and Sport at England 's Staffordshire University , told CNN recently . "  We 've all at some point sat at home and watched a fight or a tennis match in isolation and it 's never as enjoyable as when we are in company , talking about the competition as it unfolds . "  Mobile phones have opened out the possibilities . We can talk to anyone , anywhere while the action is taking place . " This new trend will be emphasized by the upcoming Olympics , with the number of users on Facebook having risen to 900 million -- nine times the figure it was for the Beijing Games of 2008 . With a wealth of action taking place during the Games fans from across the globe can interact with each other via various platforms . Sebastian Coe , chairman of the London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games , thinks the strides made in technology means that by the 2020 Games there will be no such thing as a passive armchair fan . "  They  the armchair fans  are part of the action , " he told reporters at the launch of a study by technology firm Atos . "  They can comment on content , interact with the athletes , create and publish their own content . Never before has there been such a channel to interact with the world , especially with young people . "	English Premier League unveils new code of conduct for social media websites More and more soccer stars have their own Facebook and Twitter accounts Combined followers between Rio Ferdinand and Wayne Rooney is 7.7 million EPL says social media is a good for interaction with fans but must be used responsibly
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A Spanish court convicted four men Tuesday but acquitted 10 others of charges that they helped four suspects from the Madrid train bombings to flee . The rush-hour train bombings killed 191 people and wounded 1,800 others . The National Court convicted Kamal Ahbar , 31 , of Algeria , and Samir Tahtah , 32 , of Morocco , of belonging to an Islamic terrorist group , and sentenced them to nine years in prison , according to a 136-page court ruling . The court also convicted Mohamed El Idrissi , 32 , of Morocco , of collaborating with a terrorist group and sentenced him to five years . Tarek Hamed Hamu , 30 , a Spaniard from Spain 's enclave of Ceuta on Morocco 's north coast , was convicted of document forgery and sentenced to two years . But 10 other men , from Morocco , Algeria or Spain 's Ceuta , were acquitted . Most were arrested in June 2005 , a year after the Madrid commuter train bombings in March 2004 that killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 . In June 2005 , police closed in on a rundown locale , the court said , in a Barcelona suburb , on suspicion it was a hive for Islamic terrorist recruitment , indoctrination and logistical support to move men to Iraq to fight against western forces there , including as suicide bombers . Prosecutors said the group helped four train bombing suspects flee . But one was later caught and convicted in Morocco ; another was thought to have died in Iraq , while a third was among seven key train bomb suspects who blew themselves up in Madrid suburb as police closed in on their hideout a month after the train bombings .	Four men convicted of helping Madrid bombing suspects flee Ten others acquitted by Spain 's National Court March 11 , 2004 , attacks killed 191 people and wounded 1,800
A Republican tide ripped the Senate away from Democrats Tuesday , giving the GOP full control of Congress and the power to pin down President Barack Obama during his last two years in office . The thumping win upends the balance of power between the White House and Capitol Hill only six years after Obama 's Democrats swept to power and marginalized Republicans in a rush to reform health care , Wall Street and pass a huge stimulus package . Now , it 's Democrats who will take the back seat on Capitol Hill , relying mostly on the power of the filibuster to stymie Republicans and keep Obama 's legacy intact . "  For too long , this administration has tried to tell the American people what is good for them and then blame somebody else when their policies did n't work out , " Mitch McConnell , who is expected to become the next Senate majority leader , said in a victory speech . In the House , CNN projected the GOP will have at least 246 seats , its largest majority since World War II . Speaker John Boehner , celebrating a widened majority , said he is "  humbled by the responsibility the American people have placed with us . " "  But this is not a time for celebration , " he said . "  It 's time for government to start getting results and implementing solutions to the challenges facing our country , starting with our still-struggling economy . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who has controlled the Senate since 2007 , congratulated Republicans on their victory . "  The message from voters is clear : they want us to work together , " Reid said . "  I look forward to working with Senator McConnell to get things done for the middle class . " Obama will make a statement Wednesday afternoon on an election many will see as a repudiation of his presidency , and he will host bipartisan leaders Friday to try to chart a way forward . GOP governors win blue states Maryland , Massachusetts , Illinois Democratic losses pile up Democratic fears of a rout came true , as party candidates struggled to defend seats won in the 2008 Obama wave in conservative territory , and could n't get out from under an unpopular president limping through his second term . The losses in Colorado and Iowa will sting especially hard , as those two states enjoyed a fabled place in Obama 's world , as drivers of the president 's unlikely bid for the White House in 2008 . The GOP also piled up wins in Montana , South Dakota , Arkansas , West Virginia and North Carolina -- all seats that had been in Democratic hands -- to surpass their magic number of six net gains . With seats still to be decided in Virginia , Alaska and Louisiana -- where there will be a runoff in December -- the GOP currently has 52 seats in the Senate . Republican numbers stood up when the GOP managed to hold on to seats in Kansas and Georgia which had threatened to fall from their grasp and complicate the Senate math . It was a night of almost unrelenting misery for Democrats :  In Iowa , Iraq war veteran Joni Ernst became the first woman elected to Congress from her state , after turning around her Republican campaign with an ad in which she boasted about castrating hogs .  In North Carolina , Democrat Kay Hagan was felled by Thom Tillis , who repeatedly pummeled her for standing shoulder-to-shoulder with Obama .  Arkansas Sen. Mark Pryor lost to Tom Cotton , who , like Ernst , is an Iraq war veteran . Pryor 's loss comes despite former president Bill Clinton 's efforts to save him in his beloved home state .  Democrats thought they had Colorado , with its mix of young voters , Hispanics and students locked down for a generation . But Sen. Mark Udall tumbled to charismatic challenger Cory Gardner who shook off claims he was anti-women .  Virginia Democratic Sen. Mark Warner is having a tougher ride than expected against Republican challenger Ed Gillespie in a state Democrats had thought was reliably theirs after Obama won it twice . A rare ray of hope for Democrats came in New Hampshire , where Sen. Jeanne Shaheen bested challenger Scott Brown . And Pennsylvania 's governor 's mansion reverted to Democrats when Tom Wolf unseated Republican Gov. Tom Corbett in a marquee race . New superstars , new villains and other takeaways Governors Two other Republican governors meanwhile won reelection and stirred buzz for their own 2016 White House prospects -- John Kasich in swing state Ohio , and conservative Republican Scott Walker in Wisconsin . In New Mexico , Republican Gov. Susana Martinez , often mentioned as a possible GOP vice presidential pick , strolled to reelection . Maryland -- a traditionally Democratic state -- elected Republican Larry Hogan as governor . And Illinois , Obama 's home state , ousted its Democratic governor . Republicans will now look with some optimism on the 2016 presidential election . But Democrats will console themselves with a more favorable Senate map in two years ' time and the belief that shifting demographics and an unresolved war between the Republican grassroots and the party establishment will make the next presidential race a tough climb for the GOP . View the full results	GOP wins Senate seats in Iowa , Colorado , Arkansas , S. Dakota , Montana , W. Virginia , N. Carolina CNN projects GOP will keep the House and Senate Mitch McConnell beat Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes in Kentucky Obama to make a statement Wednesday afternoon
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Saddam Hussein 's cousin Ali Hassan al-Majeed -- also known as Chemical Ali -- was executed Monday , an Iraqi government spokesman said . He was hanged after having been convicted on 13 counts of killings and genocide , Ali al-Dabagh said . Al-Majeed had been sentenced to death in four separate trials , including one that focused on his involvement in a poison gas attack against Iraqi Kurds that killed about 5,000 people . His execution had been delayed for political rather than legal reasons . It is not clear what change , if any , led to the reported execution . Al-Majeed had been held in United States custody since his capture in 2003 . But he was handed over to the Iraqi authorities in the 24 hours before his execution , U.S. Ambassador Christopher Hill told CNN 's Diana Magnay on Monday . The 1988 poison gas attack on the village of Halabja , which earned al-Majeed his nickname , was part of the Anfal campaign , in which the Hussein regime killed at least 100,000 Iraqi Kurds . The campaign is believed to be worst poison gas attack on civilians ever . Al-Majeed was sentenced to death separately for his role in putting down a Shiite uprising against Hussein in 1991 , and for his part in putting down a Baghdad revolt in 1999 . Estimates of the Shiite death toll in the 1991 rebellion range from 20,000 to 100,000 . Al-Majeed was convicted of playing a key part in the slaughter during the revolt in southern Iraq that followed the 1991 Persian Gulf War . One of his co-defendants in the Anfal case , Sultan Hashem , is a prominent Sunni leader who is considered a key player in efforts to reconcile the country 's once-dominant Sunni community with the Shiite majority that now wields political power . Hashem was also sentenced to death , but Iraq 's Sunni Arab Vice-President Tariq al-Hashimi has long refused to sign his execution order . That delayed the execution of al-Majeed and another defendant as well . Iraqi law requires all three members of the Iraqi presidency council -- the president and two vice-presidents -- to sign execution orders . It does not say what happens if they do not sign . CNN 's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. handed al-Majeed over to Iraqi authorities shortly before execution , official says Saddam Hussein 's cousin Ali Hassan al-Majeed executed Al-Majeed had been sentenced to death in four separate trials Execution had been delayed by VP 's refusal to OK another defendant 's death sentence
CNN  -- If clamping down the privacy settings on your Facebook page is n't enough to help you sleep at night , take a cue from the youth of America . Try the "  super-logoff . " Performing the trick does n't take superhuman powers . Instead of just closing a browser window or clicking the "  log off " button at the top right of the Facebook homepage , some young , privacy-concerned users are simply deactivating their Facebook accounts each time they leave the site . Then they reactivate their accounts to log back on . Why go to all this trouble ? Well , for one , it 's not hard . Facebook makes it notoriously difficult to fully "  delete " an account . But "  deactivating " an account is easy -- it only takes a single click , and deactivated Facebook users maintain all of their friend connections , wall posts , photos and the like . The upside , for the privacy paranoid , is that when a "  deactivated " user is n't on Facebook , no one else can see their profile , post on their wall or tag them in photos . For privacy-minded people , it 's a soothing alternative . It gives them ultimate control . Microsoft researcher and social media expert danah boyd  she does n't capitalize her name  , who identified the trend this week on her blog , believes young people may have good reasons for deactivating and reactivating their accounts frequently . "  In many ways , deactivation is a way of not letting the digital body stick around when the person is not present , " boyd writes in a November 8 post . "  This is a great risk reduction strategy if you 're worried about people who might look and misinterpret . Or people who might post something that would get you into trouble . " She credits Michael Ducker , a program manager at Microsoft , with inventing the "  super-logoff " term . As part of her field work , boyd has spoken with kids who use the technique to maintain control of their pages . One person she mentions on her blog , Mikalah , "  wants to be a part of Facebook when it makes sense and not risk the possibility that people will be snooping when she 's not around . " The blog All Facebook adds that this practice is fundamentally different , and in some ways simpler , than changing your privacy settings on the site : "  Notice that , while you or I might think that spending five minutes setting your privacy settings correctly might solve the hassle of having to deactivate your account when you log out , in reality these are two actions that accomplish different things , " Jorge Cino writes on that Facebook-focused blog . "  Mikalah and others like her want their friends to post stuff on their wall or tag them in a photo , but they do n't want them doing it when they 're not there to make sure it 's okay . Most importantly , someone like Mikalah does n't want any friends of friends digging up her profile when she 's not ` around . ' Deactivating her page literally erases her from Facebook . She becomes untraceable . " Others do n't go quite as far , says boyd . Instead of deactivating her account , Shamika engages in practice known as "  whitewalling , " boyd says . She deletes every "  like , " comment and photo almost immediately after it 's posted . "  When I asked her why she was deleting this content , she looked at me incredulously and told me ` too much drama , ' " boyd writes . She continues : "  Pushing further , she talked about how people were nosy and it was too easy to get into trouble for the things you wrote a while back that you could n't even remember posting let alone remember what it was all about . It was better to keep everything clean and in the moment . If it 's relevant now , it belongs on Facebook , but the old stuff is no longer relevant so it does n't belong on Facebook . "  Her narrative has nothing to do with adults or with Facebook as a data retention agent . She 's concerned about how her postings will get her into unexpected trouble with her peers in an environment where saying the wrong thing always results in a fight . " These stories add interesting nuance to the debate over young people and privacy on the Internet . The general line of thinking -- which is backed up by some surveys -- is that young people care less about online privacy than older people . A Forrester Research study released this week , for example , found that fewer members of Generation Y say they are "  very concerned " about social network privacy than Baby Boomers . But there appears to be more going on . A Pew Internet report , released on May 26 , found young people are more likely than their older counterparts to alter their Facebook settings and to actively manage their online identities . From that report : "  Young adults are the most active online reputation managers in several dimensions . When compared with older users , they more often customize what they share and whom they share it with . " This suggests younger people do care about their privacy and reputation online and will take steps -- sometimes big ones , as boyd 's blog post shows -- to manage these increasingly important digital identities . What do you think of these practices ? If you use the "  super-logoff , " or plan to try it , let us know in the comments section below .	Some Facebook users deactivate their accounts instead of just logging off They then reactivate the account -- with all info maintained -- to log on again Report : Young people more likely than older counterparts to alter Facebook settings
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Pirates on a seized Saudi-owned oil supertanker are delaying release of the ship despite receiving a ransom because of a fatal drowning accident that killed four of their colleagues , a journalist who spoke with one of the pirates told CNN . A small aircraft is observed by the U.S. Navy flying over the Sirius Star during a seeming ransom payment Friday . The pirates had been expected to release the Sirius Star , which they 've held since November 15 , after a ransom payment was parachuted onto the ship . The journalist told CNN that the pirate who spoke said four pirates drowned after a skiff carrying leaving the Sirius Star capsized due to rough seas . Sea charts showed that waves in the area were reaching 5 to 7 feet at the time . There were five pirates in the skiff and one survived , the journalist said . The bodies of the other four were recovered , he said , adding that this will delay the exit of the pirates still remaining on board the ship and thus affect the ship 's release after payment of the ransom . The tanker was carrying two million barrels of crude oil worth about $ 100 million when pirates hijacked it off the coast of Somalia . Pirates seized the Sirius Star more than 450 nautical miles off the African coast in one of their most audacious hijackings to date . The pirates told another journalist that they received $ 3 million in ransom money , but lost part of it when the skiff capsized . The remaining ransom money is still aboard the ship with the rest of the pirates . The U.S. Navy took photographs and observed as an apparent ransom payment was parachuted aboard the tanker . The pirates aboard the supertanker have equipment to check for counterfeit bills , authorities said . "  While the potential release of the Sirius Star is undoubtedly excellent news , we must not forget that nearly 300 other merchant mariners  on other ships  are still being held captive , " said Commodore Tim Lowe , deputy Combined Maritime Forces commander . Hijackings off East Africa are a cause of growing international concern , spurring a number of international navies to patrol the pirate-wracked Gulf of Aden . See how pirate attacks peaked in 2008 " Dozens of ships have been attacked in the gulf by pirates based in a largely lawless Somalia in recent months . See a map of the region " The area involved , off the coast of Somalia and Kenya as well as the Gulf of Aden , equals more than 1.1 million square miles . That is roughly four times the size of Texas , or the size of the Mediterranean and Red Seas combined .	Pirates counting ransom money aboard hijacked Saudi supertanker Witness tells local journalist that ship , crew to be released in next 24 hours Tanker was carrying two million barrels of crude oil worth about $ 100 million U.S. Navy took photos of apparent ransom payment being dropped onto ship
CNN  -- Syrian commanders say their troops along the border with Iraq are making strides in nabbing militants intent on staging suicide attacks in Baghdad . Syrian soldiers in a pickup truck patrol the area of their country 's border with Iraq . But , the commanders say , they could do a better job if they were able to obtain modern equipment denied to them because of sanctions and if they received cooperation from the U.S. military . The commanders also say U.S. aircraft occasionally violate Syria 's airspace , a situation that points to the lack of coordination between the countries . "  We work within our abilities , " said Gen. Khaklil Al-Khaled , a provincial military commander in northeastern Syria . "  The border constitutes a daily obsession to us , to prevent infiltration and confront the contraband groups and jihadist groups that infiltrate the border . " Watch what life is like on the Syrian border " Syrian commanders were interviewed by CNN along the border , where Syria and the United States have a complicated relationship . The Syrian government "  began limited cooperation with the United States in the global war against terrorism " after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , the U.S. State Department has said . The United States has long criticized Syria for being a staging ground for insurgents who infiltrate Iraq in the Euphrates River valley of Anbar province and conduct attacks in the towns along that waterway and in Baghdad . It has also criticized Syria for its ties to Iran , the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah , and the Palestinian movement Hamas . Syria says it is doing what it can to thwart insurgent activity and the United States in turn has softened its negative rhetoric toward President Bashar Al-Assad 's regime . They say they 've arrested many foreign fighters and have confiscated many weapons . The number of monthly insurgent strikes in Iraq has dropped dramatically recently as Iraqis who once backed insurgents in Anbar province have turned against them . Still , some insurgent activity continues in Anbar and along the Nineveh province section of the Iraqi-Syrian border . Al-Khaled said Syrian troop outposts are strung along the vast , sandy 385-mile Syria-Iraq border , with 12 soldiers per post . The troops have erected a sand wall and embark on daily foot and vehicle patrols . "  There have been many arrests of jihadi groups that infiltrate the Iraqi side , and they have been turned to the authorities . These jihadi groups belong to different nationalities , such as Egyptians , Saudis , Moroccans , Tunisians , and Libyans that fight in Iraq , " Al-Khaled said . The Syrians chafe at criticism from Americans for not doing a better job . The Syrians say they are using antiquated equipment because sanctions by the United States prevent them from upgrading . They say they lack night surveillance equipment , automatic weapons and other items they believe would help them . Al-Khaled said Syria does n't like the U.S. administration casting blame on Syria for lax border security when "  America itself can not control its border with Mexico . " The Syrian military said it has no communication with U.S. commanders along the border -- something that troubles Syrian commanders . Al-Khaled said communication would help deal with problems such as U.S. planes entering Syrian airspace . "  Every now and then there are airspace violations -- sometimes not less than five to six times per month with their military jets and helicopters , " Al-Khaled said . He said Syria lodges its complaints with an Iraqi liaison officer . Americans say the errors are tactical or human , he said , but he doubts those assertions because of the U.S. military 's acumen and resources . "  This is an issue that concerns both sides , " he said . "  There should not be any lenience from their part in violating the border of a free , sovereign state . " Mohammed Askari , spokesman for Iraq 's Defense Ministry , declined to comment , saying these are Multi-National Forces issues . The U.S. military has not responded to a request for comment .	Syrian military says it has arrested many militants trying to get into Iraq Syrian commanders say they could do better without U.S. sanctions Sanctions prevent military from having modern equipment , Syria says
Parenting.com  -- Last night I sat down to watch the Oscar red carpet with my 6-year-old daughter Kaia . She played dress-up with her American Girl doll while I followed the commentary on Twitter . "  Look , Mommy ! Julie 's all ready for the red carpet , " she exclaimed , showing off the updo she created for her doll . She watched with mild interest until the moment we 'd been waiting for arrived : Nine-year-old Quvenzhan Wallis appeared in a frenzy of flashing camera lights with her mom and sister in tow . "  Look , Mommy , there she is ! Look at her purse ! It 's a puppy ! " Kaia jumped up and down . "  I want one of those ! " Parenting.com : The best moments of the 2013 Oscars What a moment ! I wanted my daughter to see a little girl , just like her , walking the red carpet among the most talented women in Hollywood . Quvenzhan did not disappoint . She was sassy and confident while talking to reporters . And she was dressed in a perfectly age-appropriate Armani gown that she chose because "  it 's sparkly ! " Her mom looked on , proud as can be . I had a tear in my eye . "  Do you know that she 's going to play Annie in the new movie ? " I asked . Kaia 's smile was so big . "  Wow , Mommy ! She 's the luckiest girl in the world ! " I have been a huge fan of Quvenzhan from the moment I saw the trailer for "  Beasts of the Southern Wild . " She made the movie when she was only six years old and earned herself a Best Actress Oscar nomination for her performance . She deserves a standing ovation from us . Instead , last night , on her special night , she was subjected to the most distasteful showing of adult "  humor " I have ever seen . It started with a "  joke " by Oscar host Seth MacFarlane about how it will be "  sixteen years before she 's too old " for George Clooney , but sadly it did n't stop there . The popular satire site The Onion tweeted the following to its more than 4 million followers during the show last night : "  Everyone else seems afraid to say it , but that Quvenzhan Wallis is kind of a ____ , right ? "  If you want to see the actual tweet , it 's here . As if it was n't bad enough that she was sexualized in front of her peers during what was undoubtedly the most exciting night of her life , but to be further humiliated on a social networking site and called one of the most degrading terms that can be used toward women is reprehensible . The Onion is a site known for its sarcasm and although I 'm sure they did n't mean it , does that make it better ? Am I supposed to laugh at the absurdity of the statement ? Am I supposed to look at my daughter and think , wow , it would be really really funny and smart if someone jokingly called her the c word ? How ironic . Parenting.com : Celebrity baby bumps on the red carpet Many online have tried to make this a race issue . Saying she was singled out because she 's a young black girl . I hope that 's not the case . To me , this has less to do with race and everything to do with the fact that we have stopped respecting the innocence of our children . We 've become so desensitized by the "  Toddlers and Tiaras " culture that we take hurtful aim at those who epitomize childhood as much as the fluffy puppy purses they carry on the red carpet . Imagine what went through Quvenzhan 's mother 's mind when someone pulled her aside last night to tell her what happened . Did her stomach bottom out like mine did ? Did she look at her daughter with a tear in her eye and think why ? Why tonight ? What is wrong with this world ? I want my little girl to know she can do anything she sets her mind to . She can be herself , silly purse and all , and star in whatever version of life she desires . Kaia went to sleep last night clutching her American Girl doll tight , updo still in place , as I imagine Q did with her puppy purse . Both , I am sure , completely unaware of the storm brewing online in defense of little girls like them . In defense of their innocence . When our children take their turn in the spotlight , they have the right to leave it unscathed . It 's our job as adults to protect them . Parenting.com : What really happens when dad 's in charge I wish the headlines today were different . I wish we lived in a world where Quvenzhan could wake up this morning and search the internet with her mama to find herself on our best-dressed lists . To see celebrities like Oprah and Beyonc , her biggest fans , rave about her . Instead her family must hide the horrible truth from her -- the truth that our media took a cheap shot at someone too small to stand up for herself or to even know what the word she was called means . The way we treat our kids is no laughing matter . Quvenzhan Wallis is a lot of things . She is smart . She is sassy . She is talented . She is beautiful . And she is a child . She is not the c word . But thanks to the insensitive staffer at The Onion who decided to tweet and then recant the vulgar comment , this incident too is one of the ways she 'll be remembered . Parenting.com : The best books to read with your kids As chief executive Steve Hannah of the Onion wrote in his apology this morning , "  Miss Wallis , you are young and talented and deserve better . All of us at The Onion are deeply sorry . " We all are , little girl . So , so sorry . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Sabrina James and her daughter watched the Oscars to see Quvenzhan Wallis James found the treatment of Wallis by the media to be humiliating The author laments a lack of cultural respect for children 's innocence
CNN  -- A notorious Bosnian Serb general accused of trying to eliminate Bosnian Muslims and Croats from their shared country could face two separate trials in the United Nations ' International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia . Prosecutors want to try Ratko Mladic first for his alleged crimes in Srebrenica , Bosnia , in 1995 , according to a statement from the tribunal Tuesday . Then , prosecutors want to try him for allegedly spreading terror throughout the Bosnian capital of Sarajevo from 1992 to 1995 , and for taking U.N. personnel hostage , the statement says . In both cases , Mladic faces charges of genocide , crimes against humanity , and violations of the laws and customs of war , the statement says . Prosecutors say dividing the case against Mladic "  will maximize the prospect of justice for the victims , enable more effective management of the two separate trials and best allow the proceedings to be adapted in case of unforeseen contingencies . " In addition , prosecutors say they 're taking into account "  Mladic 's arrest at this late stage of the Tribunal 's mandate , the need to ensure justice for the victims , the desirability of commencing a trial as soon as possible , and the need to plan for the contingency that Mladic 's health could deteriorate . " Mladic , 69 , was arrested May 26 after 15 years in hiding . He told the court June 3 that he was "  gravely ill . " When Yugoslavia dissolved in the early 1990s , Mladic led Bosnia Serb forces in the civil war that broke out in the part of Yugoslavia that became Bosnia-Herzegovina . More than 200,000 Muslims and Croats died in the 1992-95 civil war in Bosnia-Herzegovina , including nearly 8,000 Muslim men and boys slaughtered at Srebrenica in 1995 -- Europe 's worst massacre since World War II . Mladic has appeared in court twice since his arrest . On June 3 , he called the charges he faces "  obnoxious . " At a July 4 appearance , Mladic refused to enter a plea , demanded new lawyers and repeatedly interrupted the judge until he was removed from the court .	Former Bosnia Serb Gen. Ratko Mladic could have a war crimes indictment split in two One indictment would focus on the 1995 Srebrenica massacre The other indictment would focus on the shelling of Sarajevo and taking U.N. staff hostage Prosecutors want to begin the trial as soon as possible ; Mladic says he is "  gravely ill "
