CNN  -- A Minnesota man hit the jackpot , literally . Paul White of Ham Lake , Minnesota , stepped forward Thursday to claim one-third of a $ 448 million Powerball jackpot , according to the Minnesota State Lottery . The other two winning ticket-holders have not stepped forward . The two tickets were sold in New Jersey , one at a Super Stop n Shop in South Brunswick and the other at an Acme Market in Little Egg Harbor , Carole Hedinger , the executive director of the New Jersey Lottery , told reporters Thursday . White , a project engineer at Elliott Contracting in Minneapolis , said he 's imagined winning the Powerball jackpot "  so many times in my head . " That dream became a reality when White got a telephone call Thursday morning from a friend telling him one of the winning tickets was sold in Minneapolis . His ticket matched the winning numbers : 5 , 25 , 30 , 58 , 59 and Powerball number 32 . Though he could have chosen to receive $ 149.4 million over 30 years , he said he chose the immediate cash option of $ 86 million , which will net him $ 58.3 million after taxes . White bought the winning ticket at the Holiday Stationstore in Ham Lake , north of Minneapolis , he said . The odds of getting hit by lightning in any given year are about one in 500,000 . You are about 350 times LESS likely to win the Powerball lottery . The odds of cracking one that big ? Who knows and who cares , when you 're splitting the equivalent of about the net worth of Michael Jordan or Tiger Woods , according to Forbes magazine ? Why you keep playing the lottery Giant U.S. lottery jackpots have been coming more frequently , observers say . "  You could see maybe in the next several years ... an elusive billion-dollar jackpot , " said Victor Matheson , economics professor at College of the Holy Cross in Massachusetts . Had no one won Wednesday evening , the prize would have swollen to an estimated $ 600 million for Saturday 's drawing , according to the Multi-State Lottery Association . With the winning tickets , the jackpot falls to $ 40 million . The all-time largest U.S. jackpot was $ 656 million in the Mega Millions game in March 2012 . That was split among three tickets sold in Illinois , Kansas and Maryland . Powerball is played in 43 states , the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands . A single ticket costs $ 2 . White is Minnesota 's 22nd Powerball jackpot winner since Powerball began in 1992 , according to the Minnesota State Lottery . Costly courtesy in Powerball line CNN 's Tom Foreman contributed to this report .	NEW : New Jersey tickets were sold in South Brunswick and Little Egg Harbor Paul White bought the winning ticket in Minnesota The lucky numbers : 5 , 25 , 30 , 58 , 59 ... and Powerball number 32 The Powerball jackpot was $ 448 million
A woman was beheaded in Saudi Arabia for practicing witchcraft and sorcery , the kingdom 's Interior Ministry said , prompting Amnesty International to call for a halt in executions there . Amina bint Abdel Halim Nassar was executed Monday for having "  committed the practice of witchcraft and sorcery , " according to an Interior Ministry statement . Nassar was investigated before her arrest and was "  convicted of what she was accused of based on the law , " the statement said . Her beheading took place in the Qariyat province of the region of Al-Jawf , the ministry said . In a statement issued late Monday , the human rights group called the execution "  deeply shocking " and said it "  highlights the urgent need for a halt in executions in Saudi Arabia . " "  While we do n't know the details of the acts which the authorities accused Amina of committing , the charge of sorcery has often been used in Saudi Arabia to punish people , generally after unfair trials , for exercising their right to freedom of speech or religion , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's interim director of the Middle East and North Africa Programme . Saudi Arabia , an absolute monarchy , practices a puritanical version of Islam and is governed by Shariah , or Islamic law . In the deeply conservative kingdom , sorcery , witchcraft and blasphemy are all offenses that can be punishable by death . The London-based Saudi newspaper Al-Hayat quoted a source in the country 's religious police who said authorities searched Nassar 's home and found books on sorcery , a number of talismans and glass bottles filled with liquids supposedly used for the purposes of magic . The source told the paper Nassar was selling spells and bottles of the liquid potions for about $ 400 dollars each . CNN could not reach Saudi Arabia 's religious police or Justice Ministry for comment . Amnesty says Nassar 's execution is "  the second of its kind in recent months . In September , a Sudanese national was beheaded in the Saudi Arabian city of Medina after being convicted on ` sorcery ' charges . " The human rights group said the number of executions in Saudi Arabia has almost tripled in 2011 . "  So far at least 79 people -- including five women -- have been executed there , compared to at least 27 in 2010 , " the Amnesty statement said . This is not the first sorcery case in Saudi Arabia to spark outrage from human rights groups . In 2008 , Lebanese TV host Ali Hussain Sibat was arrested on charges of sorcery while in Saudi Arabia on a religious pilgrimage . In 2009 , he was found guilty and sentenced to death . While Sibat has not been executed , he remains in prison . Saudi Arabia 's judicial system also made headlines this month for the sentence imposed on Australian national Mansor Almaribe , who was convicted of blasphemy while performing the Hajj in the kingdom , and sentenced to 500 lashes and a year in prison . The Australian government is pleading Almaribe 's case .	Newspaper says authorities found sorcery books and potions in her home Amina bint Abdel Halim Nassar was convicted of practicing witchcraft Analyst says the charge is used against people who exercise free speech or religion At least 79 people have been executed in Saudi Arabia this year , Amnesty International says
CNN  -- Former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic overcame current top-ranked player Serena Williams in an epic clash to reach the final of the Italian Open on Friday . However , hopes of an all-Serbian showdown were dashed when the return to form of another previous No. 1 , Ana Ivanovic , was ended by Spaniard Maria Jose Martinez-Sanchez in the other semifinal in Rome . Jankovic , who won the clay tournament in 2007 and 2008 , followed up her quarterfinal victory over Serena 's fourth-seeded older sister Venus by triumphing 4-6 6-3 7-6  7-5  in two and three-quarter hours . The seventh seed fought back from 3-0 and 4-2 down to save a match-point in the deciding tie-breaker as she overcame what seemed like delaying tactics by the American when serving on a vital point . "  I was just getting ready to serve and I was serving and all of a sudden she was n't ready , " Jankovic told reporters . "  For me when the server comes to play the receiver has to be ready -- that 's the rules . "  But unfortunately I had to hit another serve , regroup and refocus because I did n't want to waste my energy on that . " Williams was seeking to repeat her 2002 Rome triumph in what was her first tournament since winning the Australian Open in late January , injuring her knee in doing so . "  I almost feel like I won that match . I ca n't be really upset , but I am , " she said . "  I feel I should have won -- I could have won . But I ca n't beat myself up over it , I 've just come back and had n't played a match since January . " Ivanovic , who has slumped to 58th in the rankings since winning the French Open in 2008 , was seeking to reach her first WTA Tour final since March 2009 . But she was unable to show the form that this week knocked out ninth seed Victoria Azarenka and Olympic champion Elena Dementieva as she was crushed 6-4 6-2 by world No. 26 Martinez-Sanchez . Her 27-year-old opponent followed up her own upset win over world No. 2 Caroline Wozniacki on Wednesday by reaching her third WTA Tour final . She won minor clay tournaments in Colombia and Sweden last year , and lost in the final in Barcelona the year before . Martinez-Sanchez has played Jankovic only twice , winning on hardcourt in 2001 when the Serbian retired hurt and losing on clay last year in the Fed Cup teams event .	Jelena Jankovic beats world No. 1 Serena Williams in three-set epic to reach Italian Open final Jankovic will play Maria Jose Martinez-Sanchez , who beat her fellow Serb Ana Ivanovic The Spaniard also knocked out world No. 2 Caroline Wozniacki earlier in the clay event Jankovic is seeking to win tournament for the third time , having triumphed in 2007 and 2008
On Wednesday , President Obama nominated Caroline Kennedy to be U.S. ambassador to Japan . It turns out the Kennedy family has an important legacy in U.S.-Japan relations . Kennedy 's father and uncle , John F. Kennedy and Robert F. Kennedy , played important roles in transforming a troubled U.S.-Japan military alliance into the robust relationship the two countries enjoy today . In the 1950s , Americans were often contemptuous and distrustful toward Japan , which had very recently been a bitter enemy in World War II . The Japanese resented the post-war U.S. occupation , resented the loss of territory  such as Okinawa  to the United States , and feared that the Cold War hostilities between the United States and the Soviet Union would drag Japan into war . In 1960 , Japanese resentment boiled over in massive protests against renewal of the U.S.-Japan alliance . As crowds filled Tokyo 's streets and a political crisis rocked the Japanese parliament , the movement to distance Japan from the United States gained momentum . President-elect Kennedy feared the loss of a vital Cold War ally . Partnering with similarly worried leaders on the Japan side , he decided to take action . In the wake of Richard Nixon 's dramatic foreign policy victories in Latin America in 1958 when Nixon was vice president , and after the Bay of Pigs failure in 1961 , President Kennedy also knew he needed a diplomatic victory as he moved toward his re-election campaign . So , he envisioned a visit to Japan , the first by a sitting U.S. president . Kennedy planned a dramatic reunion and affirmation of friendship between the crew of PT-109  Kennedy 's storied boat that sank in the South Pacific in World War II  , and the crew of Amagiri  the Japanese destroyer that sank it  . To advance the historic visit , the president sent his brother and a delegation to Tokyo in 1962 . Sadly , the reunion of the two crews was never to occur ; Kennedy 's assassination the next year meant that a U.S. president would not visit Japan until Gerald Ford 's trip in 1974 . Although John F. Kennedy never made the trip , it turns out that his brother 's visit had an important effect on the U.S.-Japan relationship . Kennedy and his wife , Ethel , met with Japanese people from all walks of life : students , teachers , farmers , labor leaders . "  The Kennedys had such a disarming way ; they really charmed people , and were so genuine , " recalled Susie Wilson , a journalist who was part of the delegation . The legacy of the RFK visit also extended far beyond that week . To host the Kennedys , a group of pro-American business and political leaders on the Japan side formed what they called the "  RK Committee . " Out of it grew several institutions , exchange programs , dialogues -- which over time helped knit together the two societies . Among them were Cabinet-level exchanges on the economy , scientific cooperation , culture and education . These institutions helped transform a narrow alliance into a deep and multifaceted relationship that today , in both countries , enjoys widespread popular support . It is this alliance that Caroline Kennedy must manage . Though like-minded , deeply committed partners , the United States and Japan today face many challenges that could strain their relationship . The United States seeks Japanese agreement to its ambitious free-trade regime -- the Trans-Pacific Partnership , or TPP . Yet a thicket of Japanese subsidies , trade barriers , and domestic political and economic interests hold Tokyo back . The issue of relocating a U.S. military base that is in Okinawa remains unresolved , and -- most worryingly -- Japan 's diplomatic crises with China over disputed China Sea islands  known in China as Diaoyu , in Japan as Senkaku  have elevated fears in Washington . Critics of Caroline Kennedy 's nomination say she lacks the political or regional chops needed by an ambassador at such an important post . Of course , an effective ambassador needs to know how to navigate the Washington policy-making process , a skill that one can develop through years of experience . On the Japan side , a good ambassador must be able to relate well to the people of the host country , and having deep area expertise facilitates this . But Caroline Kennedy actually looks pretty good on both counts . On the U.S. side , a long political resume -- such as that of former U.S. ambassadors to Japan Walter Mondale , Thomas Foley , or Mike Mansfield -- is one route toward the influence needed to shape U.S. policy . But Caroline Kennedy has that most precious policy-making asset of all : the president 's ear . By virtue of her vital 2008 endorsement of candidate Obama  widely interpreted as pivotal in his primary battle against Hillary Clinton  , and by virtue of her subsequent work in key posts in his campaign , Kennedy has developed a close relationship with the president that will give her a powerful voice . Tokyo is praising the nomination . The Ministry of Foreign Affairs welcomed it as "  reflecting the great importance the Obama administration attaches to the Japan-U.S. alliance . " Japanese diplomats have commented that because the Kennedy name carries tremendous cachet there , Kennedy 's nomination will excite the people and create interest in the U.S. Embassy . This , they say , is a good thing for U.S.-Japan relations . To some degree , of course , the Japanese are excited by the nomination because of the star power of Camelot . But some of the excitement surely stems from their memory and appreciation of the important contributions of the Kennedy family to the U.S.-Japan relationship , an important legacy from which the alliance continues to benefit , and which Caroline Kennedy is now tasked to continue .	Jennifer Lind : Obama nominated Caroline Kennedy to be U.S. ambassador to Japan She says efforts of JFK , RFK to fortify U.S.-Japan relations left lasting good impression in Japan Critiques of Kennedy as lacking experience should take this key legacy into account Lind : She has Obama 's ear -- and a legacy to uphold ; Tokyo pleased with the pick
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The top U.S. envoy to Iraq said Sunday that the results of the recent Iraqi national election mark a turning point for democracy there , but he warned that challenges remain . Former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi 's secular Iraqiya bloc won 91 seats in the 325-member Council of Representatives in the March 7 elections , edging ahead of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's State of Law coalition , which received 89 , according to elections officials . Christopher Hill , the U.S. ambassador to Iraq , said the results suggest "  there there is democracy in this country . " "  People have looked at different candidates , and people have gone in different directions , " Hill told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  And so , I think frankly , it 's a good sign that Iraq could have this election . " Allawi also acknowledged Sunday the significance of the results , saying Iraqis "  voted against sectarianism " when they voted for his secular coalition . "  They do n't want to see sectarianism prevailing in this country , " Allawi told CNN . "  They want to have a government that can provide services , can provide security and ensure stability of the country , and improve the income of the Iraqi family . " Hill pointed to the challenges Iraqi officials have had to overcome leading up to the elections -- including deadly bombings of government buildings last fall and a delay in passing a key election law . "  What is important is that they 've gotten this far , " Hill said . "  When you look at some of the problems -LSB- that -RSB- have come up in Iraq in the last six months ... a lot of people predicted the Iraqis ca n't get through that . Indeed they got through ... those challenges and now they have an even bigger challenge , and I would not bet against them . " Hill said Allawi 's biggest test will be in how he campaigns for more seats to achieve a majority in the Iraqi parliament . Hill said Allawi must be inclusive in assembling supporters and building a government . "  If you 're the frontrunner -- as Mr. Allawi is right now -- you 've got to look out there to other coalitions  and  say how can I put together a government that 's going to work ? " said Hill , adding "  This is n't all about ... who 's a Shia or who 's a Sunni ; it 's about who can govern better . " Allawi appeared up to the challenge Sunday , saying he wants a "  quick formation of a strong government " and one "  that can take Iraq forward . " "  We fought for democracy , and we are continuing to fight for democracy , " Allawi said . "  That 's why we are ready to talk to everyone who is ready to engage and ready to play by the roles of democracy . ... Even if they have been nasty to us and not positive in their dealing with us ... we have an open mind . "	Christopher Hill is the U.S. ambassador to Iraq He says the results of the recent election show that Iraqis have a real democracy Hill points out challenges Iraqis overcame in past six months to hold elections Winner Ayad Allawi : Iraqis "  voted against sectarianism "
At least 48 people were killed and 10 injured when a twin-engine turboprop plane crashed while attempting to land in Penghu Islands , according to Taiwan 's Civil Aeronautics Administration . TransAsia Airways Flight GE 222 was preparing to land at Magong Airport in heavy rain on Wednesday and had asked for its second go-around before the accident occurred , according to Taiwan 's Central News Agency . Visibility at the airport during the plane 's attempted landing was about 1,600 meters  1 mile  and considered acceptable for landing , Jean Shen , Taiwan 's Civil Aeronautics Administration director told reporters . Transportation officials arrived Thursday morning to investigate the disaster and assist in relief work . The cause of the crash remains unclear and authorities have identified 14 of the 48 killed , according to CNA . The flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder have been sent to Taipei , the agency reported . The plane , an ATR 72-500 , carried 54 passengers and four crew members . The domestic flight , which took off from Kaohsiung , Taiwan , had been delayed because of conditions related to a typhoon , the airline said . Typhoon Matmo had struck Taiwan on Wednesday . Typhoon Matmo threatens mudslides in Taiwan "  Yesterday was an extremely painful day for Taiwan , " its President Ma Ying-jeou posted on his official Facebook page , adding that the typhoon had injured 17 people . "  After hearing of the tragedy , and watching relatives break down on TV news , I believe many Taiwanese were the same as me , passing a heartbroken and sleepless night . " Grief in Taiwan Family members crumpled to the ground , overtaken with grief of losing of loved ones , in footage shown on CNN 's affiliate , ETTV . TransAsia Airways sent families of the victims on a chartered flight to Penghu Islands , the site of the crash , which is located off the west coast of the main Taiwanese island . The pilots of Flight GE 222 were identified as Lee Yi-liang , who had 22 years of flight experience , and co-pilot Chiang Kuna-hsing who had two-and-a-half years of experience , according to CNA . Friends of one of the crew members posted on his Facebook page , "  Come back " and "  Rest in peace . " Also aboard the plane was Yen Ken-chuang , an 82-year-old Taiwanese wood architect , according to the Ministry of Culture 's Bureau of Cultural Heritage , CNA reported . It also reported that a local firefighter , Lee Ming-tsun , 47 , was pulled from the wreckage by his colleagues . Lee was a leader of one of the divisions , and was returning from his holiday . French passengers identified as Jeromine Deramond and Penelope Luternauer died in the plane crash , according to CNA . They were on a one-month exchange program in the field of medicine in Taiwan . "  TransAsia Airways is exhausting all means to assist passengers , victims and families " and working with investigators , an airline statement read . The airline 's president , Chooi Yee-choong appeared briefly at a news conference and bowed in front of news cameras . He choked up as he expressed his sorrow to passengers ' families and the public . "  I sincerely apologize , " he said . Crash site Footage on scene showed the plane had crashed in a residential area and broken into pieces . Witnesses told CNN affiliate ETTV that they saw homes on fire after the plane crashed around 7 p.m. . The fallen plane destroyed or damaged 11 houses , EETV reported . There were no casualties on the ground , said Taiwan 's Transportation Minister Yeh Kuang-shih . Five residents were injured , but they were discharged from local hospitals . The ATR 72-500 plane was delivered to Taiwan 's TransAsia Airways from the production line in 2000 , according to the aircraft maker . Xi Jinping , China 's president expressed his condolences saying he was "  deeply grieved " by the accident .	48 people killed and 10 injured when plane tried to land in Taiwanese island TransAsia Airways Flight GE 222 attempted to land twice , state news agency reports Taiwan 's transportation minister says there were no casualties on the ground Cause of accident is under investigation
CNN  Battered Boston is bracing for another big one . Blizzard warnings will be in effect from 7 p.m. Saturday to 11 a.m. Sunday for much of eastern Massachusetts , including metropolitan Boston . Snow accumulations of 10 to 14 inches are forecast , with winds from 30 to 40 mph likely . Gusts of up to 75 mph -- hurricane strength -- are expected . Travel will become nearly impossible with whiteout conditions expected , along with dangerous wind chills well below zero . Power outages can be expected in many areas , the National Weather Service said . Speaking of hurricanes , the storm will have a widespread wind field , and blustery , frigid conditions may reach as far south as the North Carolina mountains . Some areas of the country will have temperatures 40 degrees below normal . Many will see single digits for their lows . And many will be below zero . In Boston , it seems like they have been digging out from under the snow for weeks , only to have more fall . Three storms have Bostonians ready to break up with the white stuff . The snow that has already fallen in Boston is almost the stuff of mythology . The city has set a record 42 inches for the whole month of February . It 's only about half over . And it 's caused small business to hurt . So much so that Gov. Charlie Baker on Friday declared next week as Valentine 's week . Ca n't get to your romantic restaurant on Saturday , or you forgot to make reservations ? The governor is giving you an extension . Mayor Marty Walsh said Thursday the city is bringing in additional resources to help deal with the expected snowfall . "  The Saturday storm creates a sense of urgency . We 're taking extra steps to make sure Boston and people can dig out on Sunday , " he said . He urged people who were going out to celebrate the lovers ' holiday do so early and do so close to home . With the special day on Saturday and bad weather in the picture , one restaurant owner said too many people are going to try to go out Friday instead . "  Everyone is going to try to cram it in on Friday . Everyone is already booked on those three days . We can only do so much business . We ca n't make it up on one day , " Damien DiPaola , who owns Carmelina 's , told CNN affiliate WBZ . DiPaola said he 's been losing more than $ 10,000 a week in business due to the succession of storms . He thinks people who have reservations for Saturday and Sunday will cancel . Florists and other businesses who count on Valentine 's Day for extra sales are having their own kind of troubles . Some flights bringing in flowers did n't make it yet , and drivers were navigating roads only to end up searching for a place to park while a runner races to make the delivery . Eight of Massachusetts ' neighbors are pitching in , sending dump trucks and front-end loaders . New York City was giving up two snow melters , one of which was in action Thursday night , WBZ reported .	Strong winds are expected in this storm , all the way to western North Carolina Massachusetts governor declares next week as Valentine 's week Bostonians had just dug out ; mayor says the city will keep shoveling snow
CNN  -- Friday proved a good evening for some major European football nations , with the Netherlands , Italy and France all claiming away victories in their Euro 2012 qualifying groups . However , it was the Dutch who were most impressive coming away from their Group E match in Hungary with a thumping 4-0 success . Tottenham forward Rafael van der Vaart set the visitors on their way with an eighth minute opener and Barcelona midfielder Ibrahim Afellay added a second on the stroke of half time . Liverpool 's Dirk Kuyt made it 3-0 early in the second half and Arsenal striker Robin van Persie completed the scoring on the hour . The victory maintained Netherlands ' 100 % group record . They have won all five of their matches , conceding just two goals in the process , and are now six points clear of second-placed Hungary . Meanwhile , Italy continue to set the pace at the top of Group C after a late goal from Brazilian-born Inter Milan midfielder Thiago Motta gave the Azzurri a narrow 1-0 success in Slovenia with a fine strike from the edge of the area . That result puts Italy on 13 points from their five games , six points clear of Slovenia who remain in second . Serbia are up to third place , level on points with Slovenia , after coming from behind to beat Northern Ireland 2-1 in the evening 's other group match . Meanwhile , goals in each half from Philippe Mexes and Yoann Gourcuff gave France a 2-0 win in Luxembourg to consolidate their position at the top of Group D . The result leaves France on 12 points , four clear of Belarus , and well on course to qualify for next year 's finals . There was also an away success in Group A , where Axel Witsel scored both goals in Belgium 's 2-0 victory against Austria . The victory lifts Belgium above Austria into second in the table , but the pair are five points adrift of runaway leaders Germany .	Netherlands , Italy and France all claim Euro 2012 qualifying away wins on Friday The Dutch are the most impressive as they thump Hungary 4-0 in Group E match France win 2-0 in Luxembourg while Italy secure a tight 1-0 success in Slovenia
CNN  -- While the spread of assault rifles is fueling heated discourse in the United States , nations around the world are grappling with a similar debate involving weapons , particularly automatic rifles . Combat weapons are flowing with relative ease worldwide , intensifying bloody power struggles between brutal regimes and opposition groups , and leaving innocent civilians dead . This week , 193 nations will gather at the United Nations in New York City to negotiate a global treaty to limit their trade across international borders , a resolution supported by the United States . Agreement on the Arms Trade Treaty is not a sure thing . In July 2012 , representatives left the negotiation table without one . An international rights group came out in support of the treaty Tuesday and issued a report depicting how the flow of arms in some countries escalates tensions into bloody violence . Small arms abound An AK-47 may look like a big gun to most people , but in conflict regions , they are referred to as "  small arms . " The term includes most hand-held weapons such as hand grenades and rocket-propelled grenade launchers . They are easier to transport and use than a tank or artillery . They are also cheaper to buy , and they have spread rapidly , according to the United Nations , which refers to them as the "  weapons of choice . " "  The illicit circulation of small arms , light weapons and their ammunition destabilizes communities , and impacts security and development in all regions of the world , " the U.N. said . In many parts of the world , automatic assault rifles make their way at a dizzying pace into the hands of gangs , rebels , pirates and terrorists . "  They can all multiply their force through the use of unlawfully acquired firepower , " the U.N. said in a statement . Widespread proliferation of such handy weapons fuel armed conflict , crime and violations of human rights , according to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . Ivory Coast 's arms race Weapons buildups by factions within countries can drive nations to war with themselves , Amnesty International said in its report on the bloody conflict in the African nation of the Ivory Coast in 2010-2011 . In populations divided by deep ethnic , religious or political tensions , easy access to arms can stoke distrust and paranoia , Amnesty said . This can put peace further out of reach and deepen divisions . The country 's military split in 2002 , dividing the nation politically into two sides : north and south . Then-president Laurent Gbagbo began stockpiling arms to raise his level of power over that of his opponents , Amnesty said . His purchases included small arms and heavier weaponry such as tanks , warplanes and drones . Despite a voluntary moratorium on arms imports , the rights group said , Gbagbo bought weapons from various continents , including Asia and the Middle East . Chinese , Bulgarian and Ukrainian weapons flowed into the nation . "  Those arms transfers were highly irresponsible , as they took place in the context of a fragile cease-fire , " Amnesty said . The purchases fueled fear among Gbagbo 's opposition , which also armed up . The opposition had Polish , Chinese and Russian small arms , Amnesty said , escalating the weapons buildup of both sides . In 2004 , the U.N. attempted to stem the flow of weapons with an international embargo -- to no avail . Escalation to armed conflict In November 2010 , Gbagbo lost in a presidential election , to rival Alassane Ouattara , but refused to cede power . The government 's weapons came out . Soldiers gunned down opposition protesters in the streets , and Ouattara and his loyalists started an armed campaign to oust Gbagbo . Hundreds died ; many more were wounded , and hundreds of thousands fled to neighboring countries . Many women and girls were raped , according to the report . The United Nations intervened militarily and Ouattara 's troops took power by force in April 2011 . Both sides committed atrocities , Amnesty said , including the summary killings of "  men and boys who were singled out based on their ethnicity or political affiliation . " Widespread weapons problematic Abuses still go on , partly because of the high number of weapons still in the country . They "  continue to fuel grave human rights abuses and violent crime in the country , " Amnesty said . Amnesty supports the U.N. 's efforts and expressed hope that the world 's nations will agree on the Arms Trade Treaty . Ban wants the treaty to cover all conventional weapons , "  from small arms to tanks to combat aircraft . " The treaty has been in the works since 2006 , when the U.N. General Assembly requested all countries to submit their views on a binding arms trade treaty . That year , the United States , under the George W. Bush administration , voted against the resolution that started the process . But the Obama administration later reversed that decision . The U.N. estimates that in 2010 , more than 27 million people were still internally displaced because of armed conflict .	193 nations meet in New York this week to discuss an arms treaty The United Nations wants the trade of conventional weapons regulated "  Small arms " include AK-47s , hand grenades and rocket-propelled grenades The nations could not come to an agreement in July 2012
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama pledged Monday to cut the nation 's $ 1.3 trillion deficit in half by the end of his first term . Rep. Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , speaks after Obama called on him at the fiscal summit 's closing session . He identified exploding health-care costs as the chief culprit behind rising federal deficits during a bipartisan "  fiscal responsibility summit " convened to discuss ways to restore fiscal stability without deepening the recession . Meeting with the congressional leadership of both parties , as well as a range of business , academic , financial and labor leaders , Obama warned that the country can not continue its current rate of deficit spending without facing dire economic consequences . "  I refuse to leave our children with a debt they can not repay , " he said in remarks opening the one-day summit at the White House . "  We can not and will not sustain deficits like these without end . ... We can not simply spend as we please . " Watch more about the summit and the deficit " The country , Obama argued , is already starting to face the consequences of greater deficit spending , noting that roughly one in 10 taxpayer dollars in 2008 went toward paying $ 250 billion in interest on the national debt . The president pledged to take the first step toward fiscal responsibility by , among other things , ending "  accounting tricks " such as refusing to include money for expenses such as the Iraq war or natural disasters such as Hurricane Katrina in the regular budget . Such practices , Obama argued , only serve to mask the real size of the deficit . He also pledged to end no-bid contracts in Iraq , root out waste and abuse in entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid , require every Cabinet member to scrub department budgets "  line by line , " and reinstate a "  pay as you go " rule from the 1990s . "  This is the rule that families across this country follow every single day , and there 's no reason their government should n't do the same , " he said . "  You do n't pay what you do n't have . " But the biggest challenge , he said , would be controlling spiraling health-care costs -- "  the single most pressing fiscal challenge we face by far . " The projected increase in the deficit is largely due to anticipated growth in Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security , which in turn is driven by rising health-care costs , budget analyst Bob Greenstein noted shortly before Obama spoke . Greenstein minimized the effect of the $ 787 billion economic stimulus plan on the budget shortfall , saying that it amounts to only one-tenth of 1 percent of the gross domestic product . Obama later added that , without a stimulus package , the recession would deepen , tax revenues would decline and long-term deficit projections would ultimately be worse . "  I have no interest in making government bigger for the sake of it , " he said . But if health care is not reformed , Greenstein warned , the national debt could soar to 300 percent of the gross domestic product by 2050 . "  We are -LSB- currently -RSB- on the path to the very debt explosion we must avoid , " he declared . "  Health care is the key " to getting the nation off an unsustainable fiscal course , added Peter Orszag , head of the Office of Management and Budget . After Obama 's remarks Monday , the fiscal responsibility summit participants separated into small working groups to discuss the specific fiscal challenges facing the country , including taxes , health care , Social Security and the budget process . The administration is planning to issue a final "  fiscal sustainability project " list of recommendations based on the conclusions of those working groups in 30 days . After the working groups met , Obama stood at a podium and called on participants to share what the groups had discussed . Sen. John McCain , Obama 's Republican opponent in November 's presidential election , told Obama that a proposal to order new helicopters to transport the president was a prime example of government waste . The price tag for a proposed new fleet of 28 Marine One helicopters has virtually doubled to more than $ 11 billion over the past six years . Each helicopter in the fleet , which would have several security upgrades , would reportedly cost around $ 400 million . McCain 's group at the summit had discussed procurement . Obama said he has asked Defense Secretary Robert Gates to review the helicopter proposal . "  The helicopter I have now seems perfectly adequate to me , " a smiling Obama said , drawing laughter from the audience . Rep. Joe L. Barton , R-Texas , told Obama that if he is interested in bipartisanship , then he should encourage House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to "  have a true , open process " in crafting legislation . The stimulus bill passed this month with no GOP votes in the House and only three in the Senate . "  I think the House Republicans have shown that , when we 're not included in the decision-making , we 're disinclined to sign off on the solution , " Barton said . Obama 's address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night is expected to be dominated by economic and budgetary issues . The president is slated to officially unveil his fiscal year 2010 budget Thursday . Obama intends to cut the federal deficit in half primarily by spending less on the war in Iraq , raising taxes on those who make more than $ 250,000 a year and streamlining government , an administration official told CNN Saturday . The president 's budget proposal will project that the estimated $ 1.3 trillion deficit inherited from the Bush administration will be halved to $ 533 billion by 2013 , or from 9.2 percent of the gross domestic product to 3 percent , the official said . Obama 's plans to cut the deficit might be complicated by the continuing economic downturn , which threatens to reduce tax revenues . A group of leading economists is now forecasting a far deeper and more painful recession ahead in the first half of the year , with a solid recovery not taking hold until 2010 . The economy is likely to decline at a 5 percent rate in the first quarter , even sharper than the 3.8 percent drop recorded in the fourth quarter of last year , according to a survey of 47 top forecasters from the National Association for Business Economics . And according to estimates by economists Alan Auerbach of the University of California at Berkeley and William Gale of the Brookings Institution , the deficit -- largely because of the recession and the new economic stimulus effort -- will average at least $ 1 trillion per year for the next 10 years , even if the stimulus is limited to two years and the jobs picture improves dramatically . CNN 's Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	President Obama reaches across party lines to host summit About 130 people from variety of areas invited to open Q&A White House forum Participants discuss country 's long-term financial problems Obama 's plans to cut deficit may be complicated by continuing economic downturn
Christian Pastor Youcef Nadarkhani will be put to death for several charges of rape and extortion , charges that differ greatly from his original sentence of apostasy , Iran 's semi-official Fars News agency reported Friday . Gholomali Rezvani , the deputy governor of Gilan province , where Nadarkhani was tried and convicted , accused Western media of twisting the real story , referring to him as a "  rapist . " A previous report from the news agency claimed he had committed several violent crimes , including repeated rape and extortion . "  His crime is not , as some claim , converting others to Christianity , " Rezvani told Fars . "  He is guilty of security-related crimes . " In a translated Iranian Supreme Court brief from 2010 , however , the charge of apostasy is the only charge leveled against Nadarkhani . "  Mr. Youcef Nadarkhani , son of Byrom , 32-years old , married , born in Rasht in the state of Gilan is convicted of turning his back on Islam , the greatest religion the prophesy of Mohammad at the age of 19 , " reads the brief . The brief was obtained by CNN from the American Center for Law and Justice and was translated from its original Farsi by the Confederation of Iranian Students in Washington . It goes on to say that during the court proceeding , Nadarkhani denied the prophecy of Mohammad and the authority of Islam . "  He  Nadarkhani  has stated that he is a Christian and no longer Muslim , " states the brief . "  During many sessions in court with the presence of his attorney and a judge , he has been sentenced to execution by hanging according to article 8 of Tahrir -- olvasileh . " Rezvani , the official from Gilan province , confirmed that his execution is "  not imminent " nor is it final . Mohammadali Dadkhah , the pastor 's lawyer , said through a translator that even in light of the Fars News report , he does not believe Nadarkhani will be put to death . "  The case is still in progress , " Dadkhah said . "  There 's a 95 % that he wo n't get the death penalty . Yes , I still believe that . " Dadkhah spoke briefly of the trial proceedings , stating that he presented documents to the court that should be convincing , including documents from Shi'ite leaders that state the crime does not warrant the possible punishment . "  This is a legal process that should take its course , and it should stand , on its own merits . It should succeed , " Dadkhah said . Nadarkhani , the leader of a network of house churches in Iran , was first convicted of apostasy in November 2010 , a charge he subsequently appealed all the way to the Iranian Supreme Court . After four days of an appeals trial that started Sunday at a lower court in Gilan Province , Nadarkhani refused to recant his beliefs . That said , Rezvani -- echoing an earlier report from Fars -- insisted that "  Nadarkhani 's crime and his death sentence have nothing to do with his beliefs . "  No one is executed in Iran for their choice of religion , " he added . "  He is a Zionist and has committed security-related crimes . " The possible execution of Nadarkhani , based on an assumption it is tied to his Christian belief , has elicited responses from the highest levels of the United States government , too . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton released a statement Friday that said the United States stands with "  all Iranians against the Iranian government 's hypocritical statements and actions . " The White House released a statement on Thursday , stating that Nadarkhani "  has done nothing more than maintain his devout faith , which is a universal right for people . " "  That the Iranian authorities would try to force him to renounce that faith violates the religious values they claim to defend , crosses all bounds of decency and breaches Iran 's own international obligations , " reads the statement . Leonard Leo , chairman of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom , says a trial for apostasy in Iran is rare . According to him , this is the first apostasy trial since 1990 . Nadarkhani 's trial and his possible execution have engaged American Christians , as well . Todd Nettleton , spokesman for Voice of the Martyrs , a Christian organization that attempts to assist with persecuted and minority churches around the world , called the news of the new charges proof that international attention on the issue is working . "  They are feeling the attention , they are feeling the weight of the eyes of the world watching how they are treating this man , " Nettleton said . "  I am dumbfounded , though , that at this stage in the game , this is what they would trot out . " Voice of the Martyrs manages a Facebook page that has brought a lot of attention to Nadarkhani 's trial . With comments updated by the minute , thousand of people have taken to Facebook to spread the word about the pastor . In light of this news , Nettleton said the Facebook page would continue to be active . "  I think our first response will be prayer for pastor Youcef , " Nettleton said . "  Prayer that justice will be done and that he will remain faithful no matter that the days ahead may bring for him . "	NEW : Iranian official calls Nadarkhani "  rapist ... guilty of security-related crimes " NEW : Official says Iran does n't execute people because of their religion Nadarkhani got death sentence for rape and extortion He is the leader of a network of house churches in Iran
CNN  -- A U.S. Army sergeant pleaded guilty Monday to gunning down five fellow service members at a combat stress clinic in Iraq after military prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty . Sgt. John Russell admitted to the May 11 , 2009 , killings at Baghdad 's Camp Liberty , telling a Joint Base Lewis-McChord court that he "  did it out of rage , " according to The News Tribune of Tacoma . The court scheduled a May 6 hearing to determine whether Russell committed the slayings with premeditation , which the 48-year-old soldier has disputed . The outcome will determine whether Russell is sentenced to life without parole or given a lesser sentence . As part of the plea agreement , Russell described to the court how he killed Navy Cmdr. Charles Springle , Army Maj. Matthew Houseal , Sgt. Christian Bueno-Galdos , Spec . Jacob Barton and Pfc. Michael Yates Jr. . It was the first time Russell has publicly detailed what happened at the combat stress clinic . Russell , a communications specialist , was on his third deployment to Iraq . His attorneys have argued Russell suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder , depression and a brain injury from previous combat , which make him not fully responsible for the killings . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Army Sgt. John Russell admitted to the May 11 , 2009 , killings in Iraq Russell , 48 , told the court he "  did it out of rage , " The News Tribune of Tacoma reported A May 6 hearing has been scheduled to determine whether the killings were premeditated
CNN  -- Suburban New York mom Andrea Sanderlin , accused of running a massive marijuana operation from a warehouse in Queens , was released on $ 500,000 bail Monday after four acquaintances came to her aid . Four people -- two of them claiming to be friends of the father of Sanderlin 's 3-year-old daughter and two claiming they last saw Sanderlin at a social gathering -- contributed to the hefty bail . Because of the unusual relationship between these people and Sanderlin , Judge Steven Gold said he was going to require signatures from Sanderlin 's mother and stepfather in Virginia , as well as her daughter 's grandmother , saying they approved of the posting before she was released . Video from CNN affiliate WABC showed Sanderlin leaving court late Monday afternoon . Sanderlin had been arraigned last week and pleaded not guilty to charges of manufacturing and possessing a controlled substance with intent to distribute , and maintaining a place for manufacturing a controlled substance . Eariler this year , police said they followed Sanderlin , 45 , to a warehouse in Queens that was registered in her name . They found two rooms packed with more than 1,000 marijuana plants and large amounts of dried marijuana , along with state-of-the-art lighting , irrigation and ventilation systems to facilitate hydroponic growing , according to court documents . Sanderlin 's next court appearance is scheduled for July 15 . "  She 's entitled to the presumption of innocence and of all other constitutional protections that should be afforded to her , " Sanderlin 's attorney , Corey Winograd , said . He said after Sanderlin 's arraignment last week that the mother of three was looking forward to getting back to her 3-year-old daughter and other children . Brian Crowell , special agent in charge at the Drug Enforcement Administration , described the case against Sanderlin in a June statement . "  The warehouse was filled with over $ 3 million worth of hydroponic marijuana , and the organization covertly produced 3,000 marijuana plants , " he said . When agents raided Sanderlin 's home on May 20 , they found books on how to grow marijuana and how to launder money , according to the DEA . Details of the case were first reported by The Smoking Gun website . Originally from Virginia , Sanderlin was living in the upscale neighborhood of Scarsdale and driving regularly to Queens , according to court documents . Authorities said a confidential witness tipped them off . The witness , who has been charged with participating in a conspiracy to possess and distribute marijuana , told investigators in April that a person named "  Andi " operated at least one marijuana-growing house in Brooklyn or Queens , according to court documents . The witness later identified Sanderlin as "  Andi . " Luisa Navarro and Brittany Brady contributed to this report .	Andrea Sanderlin is accused of running a pot-growing warehouse Sanderlin was released on $ 500,000 bail Monday Officials say they followed her to a marijuana-growing operation in Queens
CNN  -- Eavesdropping is n't cool -- unless , of course , you 're Bilbo Baggins trying to get the scoop on the dastardly dragon Smaug . In an exclusive extended clip from the first installment of Peter Jackson 's "  The Hobbit " trilogy , pop culture 's beloved hobbit  as played by Martin Freeman  is seen overhearing an intense debate between Gandalf  Ian McKellen  and Elrond  Hugo Weaving  . In December 2012 's "  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey , " Bilbo Baggins is drawn into a dangerous mission to reclaim the dwarf kingdom of Erebor from the beastly Smaug . Led by the warrior Thorin Oakenshield  Richard Armitage  , Baggins teams with a group of 13 dwarves on a quest that pits them against a host of foes , from goblins to giant spiders . To Gandalf , this journey is crucial , but Elrond is n't so sure . Check out the video above to find out why . "  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey " arrives on DVD/Blu-ray November 5 . This year 's second part , "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug , " arrives in theaters December 13 , with the final installment , "  The Hobbit : There and Back Again , " opening December 17 , 2014 .	Extended clip from "  The Hobbit " shows a talk between Gandalf and Elrond They 're discussing the pros and cons of trying to reclaim Erebor The movie will arrive on DVD/Blu-ray November 5
Los Angeles  CNN  -- She 's not gon na make it . We give her 24 hours . Apryl Brown remembers lying on the hospital bed as the doctor uttered those words . A sense of relief came over her . "  I did n't think about losing my children . I did n't think about leaving my mother , " she said . She thought instead of how death would feel . "  Although I will be dead , I will not be in pain anymore . " That searing pain came from an unimaginable source : a silicone filler , like the one Brown assumed plastic surgeons use daily . Hers was injected into her buttocks , with the hope of improving her appearance . Brown never predicted the injections would land her here -- dying in a hospital bed in June 2010 . Her body was shutting down from a staph infection that doctors said was connected to the silicone injections . Her limbs were curling and turning black , the visible signs of necrosis . Brown recalled seeing her hands in the hospital , thinking , "  Oh , my God . I am going to lose my hands . I looked at my feet , and they were dead , too . " Doctors had no choice . To save Brown 's life , they amputated her hands , feet and the flesh around her buttocks and hips in 27 surgeries . Somehow , she survived . Brown is still embarrassed as she talks about the vanity that nearly cost her everything . Living a good life , except for a flat ` flaw ' At the time , she was a successful hair stylist and owned a salon . When she was n't at her shop , she was busy raising two daughters . Life was good . But Brown always wanted to fix what she saw as her "  flaw . " Ever since she was a little girl growing up in Florida , Brown remembers being teased about having a flat butt . Growing up , she always wanted a fuller posterior and even had a mantra , "  When I get me some money , I am going to get me some butt . " In 2004 , while she was working on a new client 's hair , she got her chance . The client happened to mention she did silicone injections cheaply . With a few sessions , she told Brown , she could obtain the shape she had always wanted . Brown was sold . A week later , she found herself in a house lying down in a bedroom receiving her first of four injections into her butt cheeks . Following her second treatment , Brown remembers doubting her decision . "  A voice just came to me like , ` What are you doing ? Are you serious ? You are going to allow somebody to inject something into your body and you have no idea what it is . ' " Brown decided that day to stop doing the treatments and never went back . The true cost of the injections would come later , following years of pain and visits with doctors . Brown 's story may be severe , but she is part of what the American Society of Plastic Surgeons calls a growing problem : patients bypassing doctors just to save some money on basic medical procedures . "  I think that 's awfully seductive to a person who does n't know there 's a problem , " said Dr. Richard Glogau , a clinical professor of dermatology at the University of California , San Francisco . He says he is seeing a disturbing trend , as patients turn to plastic surgeons such as him after getting botched facial filler injections . The injections are used to smooth out facial lines . Some of the patients Glogau sees have traveled out of country and had these cosmetic procedures done cheaply . Others are purchasing cosmetic fillers from websites and self-injecting these dermal fillers into their faces . Often , the patients have no idea what 's in the dermal filler , nor do they receive the procedure from a licensed medical professional . "  People assume it 's just as easy as getting your hair colored , and at the end of the day it 's a medical procedure , " Glogau said . Would-be patients need to know the facts In the United States , there are only 21 FDA approved dermal fillers . These must be administered by a medical provider or under the supervision of a physician . None of the FDA-approved dermal filler devices is approved for self-injection . There are hundreds of nonapproved dermal fillers available around the world . But Glogau cautions against having the procedure done out of country or trying to do it yourself . "  I would n't do it . I think you belong in a doctor 's office where a physician is supervising this and you can depend on where they have sourced the material . " As far as buying it online , Glogau says it 's easy for patients to take the leap . "  If we live in a world where you buy your Manolo Blahniks shoes at Neiman Marcus or you can buy them online at Zappos and it 's the same shoe , I think you 're expecting what you see on a website as full value and true . " One of his recent patients came to him after purchasing a non-FDA-approved dermal filler marketed on the Internet with just a credit card and a stroke of the keys . In a few days , the cosmetic filler she purchased from the website PMMA.com arrived postmarked from Brazil . She had her friend , who was a registered nurse , inject her face with the dermal filler . A week later , her cheeks started to react . Glogau says it appeared that there were "  red , angry nodules in the cheeks . " He had to surgically drain the area , which had "  lakes of pus under the skin , " and excise the material from her cheeks . After the surgery , Glogau had the material from her face tested . The UCSF dermatopathology results showed there was some type of "  refractile material " found in her cheeks . Glogau describes the material as low-grade "  glass or fiberglass . " The patient 's body was rejecting that material . After repeated attempts by CNN to contact PMMA.com for a comment about selling non-FDA-approved dermal fillers on its website , PMMA e-mailed , "  It has nothing to do with the product but the procedure . " Two days later , when CNN went to PMMA.com , all that appeared was a blank white screen and the words : "  Access denied . " Scars are a reminder of a bad decision While Glogau 's patient is on the road to recovery , she will always have some visible scars on her face . Glogau has a warning to people considering purchasing dermal fillers themselves . "  What we want to do is at least make the patients aware that there is a danger lurking for them out there , and they have to be careful , " says Glogau . Brown considers herself a living example of what happens when you 're not careful . She does n't hesitate to tell others about how she suffered in extreme pain for five long years after the silicone injections . She explains how she watched her buttocks harden and discolor , seeing doctor after doctor to try to get help . She lifts what 's left of her arms and explains what was actually injected in her buttocks . When her doctors tested the substance injected into her body , Brown says it was bathroom caulk . Brown does n't know what happened to the woman who injected her . At 47 , Brown has had to learn to do everything all over again with prosthetics . She is able to live on her own with the help of an aide who comes in to help her for a few hours a day . She does n't want pity ; she wants people to listen to her cautionary story . "  All I would ask them to do is , when you have that first thought , make sure they have a second thought about it and do a little research . And if they still want to do it , go for it . They wo n't be blindsided , saying , ` Oh , my God , I had no idea that a simple procedure like that can leave me with no hands , no feet and no butt cheeks . ' " Brown has a new mission in life to spread the word about what happened to her and a different mantra : "  We are enough and we were made to be enough . " Singer charged with murder in botched cosmetic procedure Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET . For the latest from Erin Burnett click here .	Apryl Brown almost died after getting cheap butt injections Some people are ordering cheap injections online and self-injecting FDA-approved dermal filler devices are not approved for self-injection
The former city manager of Bell , California , was sentenced Wednesday to 12 years in state prison in a corruption case in which he and several other former city council members were accused of turning taxpayer money into a personal "  piggy bank . " Robert Rizzo also was ordered Wednesday to repay $ 8.8 million in restitution to the city , prosecutors said . In October , Rizzo pleaded no contest to 69 felony counts of public corruption , 46 counts of misappropriation of public funds , 10 counts of falsification of public records , six counts of perjury and six counts of conflict of interest , prosecutors said . In all , Rizzo , another former city official and five former council members -- all of them now convicted -- stole nearly $ 11 million from the Los Angeles-area city of about 35,000 people , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . The corruption case drew national attention for its large-scale theft by so many elected and appointed officials in such a small city . The former officials paid themselves exorbitant salaries for little or no work . Rizzo began working for the city of Bell in 1994 as its chief administrative officer , and his council-approved annual salary rose to $ 300,000 in 2004 , prosecutors said . He began taking home $ 800,000 in "  illegal pay " by the time he resigned in July 2010 , prosecutors said . Former administrator sues for his salary Rizzo also paid himself an additional $ 400,000 annually by cashing out unused sick and vacation time that was not council approved , prosecutors said . Rizzo also wrote his own employment contracts and created "  a secret pension fund that would have given him $ 8 million upon retirement , " prosecutors said . Former District Attorney Steve Cooley , who initially handled the charges , had called the case a "  feeding frenzy of corruption by Bell officials . " Prosecutors accused the former city officials of turning the city treasury into "  their own piggy bank , which they looted at will . " In a statement , District Attorney Jackie Lacey said "  Rizzo believed he was above the law . " "  His greed and total disregard for the hard-working people of Bell have lasting consequences , " Lacey said . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Kathleen Kennedy imposed Wednesday 's sentence . Last year , former Mayor Oscar Hernandez , former Vice Mayor Teresa Jacobo and former council members George Mirabal , Victor Bello and George Cole were convicted by a jury on several counts of misappropriation of public funds , prosecutors said . The jury , however , acquitted them or were deadlocked on several similar counts , prosecutors said . Prosecutors sought a retrial on those deadlocked charges , but that effort ended this month when the five former council members pleaded no contest to two counts of misappropriation of public funds . Under the plea deal , the five former officials avoided a retrial , but they now could face up to four years in state prison , prosecutors said . The five former elected officials admitted to earning up to $ 100,000 annually for serving on boards or commissions that never met or convened for only minutes a year , prosecutors said . They also agreed to pay restitution , the amount of which has yet to be determined . Rizzo 's former chief administrative officer , Angela Spaccia , was convicted by a jury in December of 11 felony counts for writing her own employment contracts , taking loans without council approval , and creating her own retirement plan , prosecutors said . Spaccia was sentenced last week to 11 years and eight months in state prison , prosecutors said . The sentences for Rizzo and Spaccia together "  represent the longest prison terms for convicted public officials since the Public Integrity Division was established in 2001 " in the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office , prosecutors said . Rizzo also "  lavished unauthorized loans on himself and city underlings , including Spaccia , " prosecutors said .	The former city manager of Bell , California , will repay $ 8.8 million in restitution Robert Rizzo and other convicted former officials stole nearly $ 11 million from the city Rizzo and those convicted officials "  looted at will , " prosecutors said The public corruption case drew attention for its big theft in such a small city
CNN  -- "  I only really have one really major regret , " Whoopi Goldberg tells CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  And it was I had the opportunity to spend a birthday with Sammy Davis Jr. , and I did n't . " The actress and co-host of "  The View " is a guest on Wednesday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Goldberg said she did n't have an exact reason , other than to lament , "  I was young and dumb and -- and he passed like a couple of weeks later . And it devastated me because I thought ; you know what , that 's what you get . "  I just remember that he had been so good to me . And we were really , you know , good friends . And I -- I should have gone . " She also called Davis an "  amazing performer " who could "  do everything . " Morgan asked Goldberg whether Davis was the "  greatest all-around entertainer that we 've seen . " "  There are maybe three or four , in my lifetime , that were extraordinary dancers and singers and actors and performers , " she said . She mentioned Judy Garland , Frank Sinatra and Michael Jackson . The actress also talked about her well-known fear of flying . "  I feel like I should n't be flying , " said Goldberg . "  I should be rolling in my bus . " She said her fear was instilled nearly 30 years ago when she witnessed a mid-air collision while standing on a balcony in San Diego . The actress said that what frightened her so much was that "  the people on the plane were aware that they were in some danger . " She said she particularly fears for people "  who see something that they 're not sure they 're going to be able to live through . " "  And so I -- I just -- I -- that 's what stayed in my mind , " Goldberg said . "  Because I 'm a visualist . So if I see it , it lives in my brain . So I always see it . " She said her fears were somewhat alleviated by a course offered by Virgin Atlantic that helps individuals work through issues surrounding fear of flying . For decades , Goldberg traveled back and forth from New York to Los Angeles via private bus . With two drivers , she was able to arrive on the other coast in 23 hours . "  Some people are meant to fly . And I do n't know if I was meant to fly , but I do it now . " Goldberg has no choice but to fly in the near future -- she is producing a stage version of her 1992 hit movie "  Sister Act . " It premieres on Broadway on April 20 and is set to open soon in Vienna , Austria ; Hamburg , Germany ; and London . Another one of Goldberg 's quirks is her self-proclaimed refusal to eat "  anything that could be hiding something . " She said she does n't "  like anything that has a weird consistency . " For example ? "  Creamed corn . I do n't understand the point . "  I do n't understand sauce , because you could hide stuff in sauce . Like , I like my food naked . " Morgan brought up relationships and Goldberg 's three marriages . "  The first one lasted six years , " said Morgan . "  The second one lasted two years . And the last one lasted a year . " Goldberg responded by saying "  I suppose that , you know , you have to actually be in love with the person that you marry . You have to really be committed to them . And I 'm just -- I do n't have that commitment . I 'm committed to my family , you know , and so -- hence , for that relationship has lasted , you know , the longest . " Goldberg admitted that she was n't in love with her husbands and that she married them because she "  wanted to feel normal . And it seemed to me that if I was married , I 'd have a much normal -- more normal life . But clearly , that 's not the case . There 's not a good reason to get married . You have to actually want a life with someone through ups and downs . And I -- I just discovered that was n't for me . " She said has been in love only once but would not elaborate other than to say that it was with a man . He 's not famous , she 's still in close contact with him , but they are just friends -- he 's married and had a family with another woman , she said . When Morgan expressed his sorrow over the fact that it never worked out , Goldberg said "  lots of other things did . So I did n't do too badly . " Goldberg was asked about the recent "  Newsweek " magazine report that said she was the most popular host of "  The View , " and she 's more well-liked than Oprah . "  Well , I -- you know , I mean I 'm thankful , " said Goldberg . "  I 'm grateful . But I do n't know really what it means . " So is Goldberg a "  voice of America in the morning ? " "  I do n't think of myself as the voice of America , but I do think that sometimes I see things from a different perspective , sometimes because of my race , sometimes because of my gender , sometimes because of my experiences . " Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Whoopi Goldberg has been terrified of flying for 30 years Says she was n't in love with her 3 husbands and got married to "  feel normal " "  View " co-host is the producer of a stage version of "  Sister Act "
Placerville , California  CNN  -- A man accused of kidnapping then-11-year-old Jaycee Dugard and holding her captive for nearly two decades is competent to stand trial , a California judge ruled Thursday . The decision clears the way for the trial of Phillip Garrido on charges of kidnapping , rape and false imprisonment to begin late this year , El Dorado County Superior Court Judge Douglas Phimister said . Garrido 's lawyers reached an agreement with prosecutors before Thursday 's hearing and the defense waived the right to a jury trial on the issue of Garrido 's competency . Dugard was snatched from the street in front of her home in South Lake Tahoe , California in 1991 . Garrido and his wife , Nancy , are accused of holding Dugard in a hidden compound behind their home for 18 years . Dugard was 29 when she was found in August 2009 at the Garridos ' home in Antioch , about 120 miles from her house . Nancy Garrido pleaded not guilty late last year to charges in connection with the case , and proceedings against her husband were suspended until a determination about his competency could be made . The next court date in the case is February 28 , when Phillip Garrido will be arraigned on the indictment returned by a grand jury last year . The arraignment had been delayed until the competency issue could be decided . Nancy Garrido 's case is set for a hearing on the same day , February 28 . She has already been arraigned on the indictment against her . In Session 's Beth Karas contributed to this report .	The competency ruling clears the way for Garrido 's arraignment Phillip and Nancy Garrido face trial in the kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard Dugard , 11 when she disappeared , was 29 when she was found
Do n't consider this a count-down to doomsday , but on February 15 an asteroid is going to come pretty close to Earth . And this is only one of thousands of objects that are destined to one day enter our neighborhood in space . "  There are lots of asteroids that we 're watching that we have n't yet ruled out an Earth impact , but all of them have an impact probability that is very , very low , " Don Yeomans , manager of the Near-Earth Object Program Office at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , said at a press briefing . This particular asteroid is called 2012 DA14 . NASA scientists reiterated Thursday that people have nothing to worry about . "  No Earth impact is possible , " Yeomans said . The asteroid is thought to be 45 meters -- about half a football field -- long . It will come no closer than 17,100 miles from our planet 's surface . What would happen if the asteroid hit An object the size of 2012 DA14 appears to hit Earth about once every 1,200 years , Yeomans said . "  There really has n't been a close approach that we know about for an object of this size , " Yeomans said . On its close approach to Earth , the asteroid will be traveling at 7.8 kilometers per second , roughly eight times the speed of a bullet from a high-speed rifle , he said . If it were to hit our planet -- which is , again , impossible -- it would collide with the energy of 2.4 megatons of TNT , Yeomans said . This is comparable to the event in Tunguska , Russia , in 1908 . That asteroid entered the atmosphere and exploded , leveling trees over an area of 820 square miles -- about two-thirds the size of Rhode Island . Like that rock , 2012 DA14 would likely not leave a crater . Here 's a comforting thought : Meteorites enter the Earth 's atmosphere all the time . About 100 tons of rocks come in from space every day , Yeomans said . They are mostly small , from the size of a grain of sand to the size of a human fist . If you have a telescope at least a few inches in diameter , you would see it as a small point of light moving across the sky , said Timothy Spahr , director of the Minor Planet Center at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics . You 'll have to be located in Eastern Europe , Asia or Australia for the best telescope-aided view , scientists said . It wo n't be visible to the naked eye . More on the February 15 asteroid approach What else is out there ? So , we know that this particular asteroid is n't going to hit us , but how about all of those other giant rocks floating nearby beyond our atmosphere ? NASA says 9,672 objects have been classified as Near Earth Objects , or NEOs , as of February 5 . Near Earth Objects are comets or asteroids in orbits that allow them to enter Earth 's neighborhood . There 's an important distinction between these objects : Comets are mostly water , ice and dust , while asteroids are mostly rock or metal . Both comets and asteroids have hit Earth in the past . More than 1,300 Near Earth Objects have been classified as potentially hazardous to Earth , meaning that someday , they may come close or hit Earth . NASA is monitoring these objects and updating their locations as new information comes in . Right now , scientists are n't warning of any imminent threats . Yeomans and colleagues are using telescopes on the ground and in space to nail down the precise orbit of objects that might threaten Earth and predict whether the planet could be hit . Observatories around the world send their findings to the NASA-funded Minor Planet Center , which keeps a database of all known asteroids and comets in our solar system . NASA also has a space probe tracking asteroids to learn more about them . The Dawn probe was launched in 2007 and has already sent back dramatic pictures from the giant asteroid Vesta . The spacecraft is now heading to the dwarf planet Ceres . Vesta and Ceres are the two most massive objects in the main asteroid belt . A new asteroid adventure in 2016 A mission that 's scheduled to launch in 2016 will teach scientists even more about asteroids . OSIRIS-REx will visit an asteroid called 1999 RQ36 , take a sample of at least 2.1 ounces and bring it back to Earth . "  This is going to be the largest sample of an extraterrestrial object returned to Earth since end of the Apollo missions over 40 years ago , " said Edward Beshore , deputy principal investigator for the mission , who is based at the University of Arizona , Tucson . The probe will arrive at the asteroid in 2018 , study it , then bring back the sample in 2023 . 1999 RQ36 is made of materials "  almost identical to those that were present when the solar system was formed about 4.5 billion years ago , " he said . That means studying this asteroid could yield greater understanding about the sources of organic molecules and water that gave rise to life . This asteroid , like the one that will fly by on February 15 , is considered a near-Earth object . The mission would further clarify the threat that this particular object poses , and better predict the orbits of other near-Earth asteroids , Beshore said . Scientists at the University of Arizona are collaborating with NASA and Lockheed Martin Space Systems on this mission . To better predict the orbits of hazardous objects , this group is looking at the Yarkovsky effect , a force created when the asteroid absorbs sunlight and re-radiates it as heat . The effect is , at first glance , quite small -- Beshore cited his colleague Steven Chesley 's comparison of this effect to the force you feel when you hold grapes in your hand . But over time , it 's an important consideration when trying to understand where an asteroid is headed . "  That force , applied over millions of years , can literally move mountains of rock around , " Beshore said . We ca n't say this enough : Do n't panic over it . More space and science news on CNN 's Light Years blog	Asteroid will fly by Earth on February 15 NASA : 9,672 objects have been classified as Near Earth Objects The OSIRIS-REx mission will take a sample from a different asteroid and bring it back
Washington  CNN  It should have been Mike Pence 's strongest moment as Indiana governor -- a chance to showcase his style of executive leadership on the national stage . Instead , the week turned into a calamity of Team Pence 's own making . The leaked details of a bizarre proposal to create what sounded like a state government-run news agency sucked all the oxygen out of Indiana 's political media , right when Pence was supposed to explain a complicated conservative approach he 's taking to expanding Medicaid . Pence immediately backtracked , but the damage was already done . It amounted to a very bad week for Pence at a time when other candidates took clear steps toward 2016 runs for the White House . After two years of complex negotiations , the Indiana governor was poised to claim a major victory . The Republican who 'd once made his mark on Capitol Hill lambasting President Barack Obama 's health care law had struck a deal with the White House to expand Medicaid , but on the governor 's terms . Pence would get to make a series of reforms to the program -- and if it worked , he could tout them nationally as a new conservative model . As opposed to walking tall , Pence suffered a public relations gaffe that upended the news cycle . His communications staff had made plans for a new website dubbed "  Just IN . " As Pence says he understood it , the site would just be a clearing house for press releases and state reports . But an internal memo took the description much further , detailing the roles of a managing editor and an editorial board and indicating the site would publish feature stories and would sometimes break news ahead of independent journalists . The short-term embarrassment hurt Pence , but the longer-term cost could be greater : He lost his chance to explain his Medicaid moves to conservatives who hate everything about Obamacare . Even if Pence can explain the mistake , the stumble has put more distance between him and what already would have been a dark-horse run in a crowded 2016 field . "  If you 're going to get into a race , from today moving forward , it would have be to fill a void that exists , " said Chuck Laudner , an Iowa Republican strategist and the national campaign coordinator for the Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund . "  There 's really no one scrambling for a candidate that expands Medicaid and makes it harder to repeal Obamacare . So it 's going to be very tricky . " The notion of a state government-run news agency was harmful enough , earning Pence headlines like "  Pravda on the Plains " and comparisons to Chinese and North Korean state media . Indiana 's Republican House speaker , Brian Bosma , even taunted Pence a bit , joking that he 'd ordered Rosetta Stone in Russian and ending an interview by saying : "  Dasvidaniya ! " But there was another big problem : Pence really needed the oxygen those stories sucked up to explain his Medicaid expansion . After all , he was joining New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Ohio Gov. John Kasich on the list of potential 2016 candidates who broke ranks with other conservatives who 'd rejected Obamacare outright . And while those governors had argued the money was just too much to pass up , Pence 's claim was bigger : He 'd found the conservative solutions to Medicaid 's woes . It 's a tough sell to his party 's base -- and as soon as Pence announced the expansion , conservatives started piling on . Chase Downham , the Koch-backed Americans for Prosperity 's Indiana director and typically among Pence 's biggest allies , said that "  the price of reforming traditional Medicaid should not come at the cost of expanding an already troubled entitlement program . " "  Myopic Republican governors think they can fool conservatives by gaining token concessions on what remains a government-run healthcare program and calling it ` free market reform , ' " wrote the Washington Examiner 's Phllip Klein . "  This major betrayal should have consequences if he decides to run as president , " wrote the Mercatus Center 's conservative thinker Veronique De Rugy for the National Review Online . This is n't the first time conservatives who loved Pence-the-congressman have felt double-crossed by Pence-the-governor . Shortly after being elected in 2012 , he decided to scrap the state 's involvement in Common Core . But the standards his administration proposed to replace them were almost identical . They were more of a rebranding , many conservatives complained -- just slapping a new name onto what Pence himself had called a bad idea . Pence has n't ruled out a run for president , saying he 'll make a decision after Indiana 's state legislative session wraps at the end of April -- and he still has his supporters . His pollster , Kellyanne Conway , said that while some candidates might not be able to do much to portray likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton as inaccessible , rich and out of touch , someone like Pence could be a "  lesser-known but better foil for a Clinton candidacy than a true clash of the Titans . " Rex Elsass , an Ohio media consultant who 's aligned with Sen. Rand Paul  R-Ky .  for 2016 but worked on Pence 's 2012 governor 's race , touted Pence as a strong vice presidential choice , too -- saying his 12 years in Congress and four as an executive are the perfect combination . "  He 's somebody who speaks to the heart of people , and has a leadership quality and a charisma that would be an incredible asset to anybody who was the nominee , " Elsass said .	Medicaid policy could have helped Mike Pence build a national brand But missteps took attention away from the policy
Porto Santo Stefano , Italy  CNN  -- The 3,200 passengers aboard the Costa Concordia cruise liner were enjoying a night of entertainment and relaxation off Italy 's Mediterranean coast . Then , at about dinnertime , the lights went out , an ominous scraping sound moaned through the hull , and the ship tilted to one side . The 1,500-cabin luxury vessel , which was also carrying about 1,000 crew members , had run aground on a rocky sandbar off the tiny island of Giglio . Chaos overwhelmed passengers and crew alike when , as the ship listed and water rose as if it were a scene from "  Titanic , " everyone realized that only one side of the ship 's lifeboats and rafts were reachable . Amid screams , the crew appeared helpless , according to one passenger who had to make a ladder of rope to save himself and his wife . "  It was the Marx brothers watching these guys trying to figure out how to work the boat , " said Benji Smith , who was on the Concordia for his honeymoon with his wife , Emily . The couple live in Boston . "  I felt like the disaster itself was manageable , " Smith added , referring to the grounding and tilting of the ship , "  but I felt like the crew was going to kill us . " The worst part came when a lifeboat crew member told everyone , "  Women and children first , " Smith said . "  All these families who were clinging to each other had to be separated , " he added . After helping passengers , some crew members jumped overboard and swam ashore . Search continues for missing passengers At least three lifeboats apparently malfunctioned due to technical or crew error , Smith said . Life rafts were "  twisting and turning , " and the crew pulled in some rafts and put the people back on the ship , but the crew never returned for them , Smith said . With the ship 's staircases flooded , "  we made ladders out of ropes to climb down from the outer fourth deck to the third deck , " Smith said . "  We waited clinging to those rope ladders for 3 1/2 hours " before being picked up by a lifeboat that returned from dropping passengers onshore , he said . Smith said he and his wife never heard from any of the officers or captain during the incident . The couple was eventually transported by bus to a hotel in Rome . "  I 've been awake for 40 hours -- I still have never spoken to a person from Costa , " he said , adding that no food , clothes , or money were provided by the cruise line . Many passengers complained about how the cruise ship staff handled the crisis and asked why they had not yet received an obligatory safety briefing when disaster struck , only hours into their journey . "  We attended a safety presentation on the first day , " but he says it did n't turn out to have any safety information , he said . "  It was only a sales pitch " for shore excursions , Smith said . Mark Plath of Little Rock , Arkansas , said 200 passengers swam about 100 yards to rocks , where they awaited further assistance . "  We were helping the staff more than they were helping us , " Plath said of the ordeal . Rosalyn Rincon , a member of the cruise ship staff who worked as a dancer , was in the middle of a magician 's act when the ship ran aground . She was inside a box during a magic show when , she said , "  I realized that everything stopped . The music stopped , " she said . Everything on the stage fell on top of people because the ship listed dramatically , said Rincon , 30 , of Blackpool , England . "  There was no signal as to what was going on until about 30 minutes into it , " Rincon told CNN . Her boyfriend , an Italian engineer officer on the vessel , told her that there was a blackout and the ship crashed into something . "  They told us there was a fire , " she said . Then another blackout occurred , and the ship went into darkness , she said . She put on her life vest in her cabin , she said . About 15 minutes later , "  the captain of the ship told us it was an electrical problem , " Rincon said . Rincon thought to herself : "  If it was an electrical problem , why were we tilting , " she said . Several minutes later , "  we were told to abandon ship , " Rincon said . Then panic set in , she said . "  This is the problem : You 've got 3,000 passengers , you 've got 2,000 crew members , and you got only one side of usage of lifeboats and life rafts " because the ship was resting on one side , Rincon said in a telephone interview from her Italian hotel . Rincon realized there was going to be a shortage of lifesaving watercraft , she said . "  You were going higher and higher , and you were on a vertical position . I was holding on to the railing . All you could see was noise and creaks . It was very , very scary , " Rincon said . Rincon was able to get into a rescue boat -- after all the passengers were put on lifeboats or life rafts , she said . "  We were literally thrown into the boat , " Rincon said . Several crew members jumped overboard and swam to the mountain shore , she said . One friend was rescued by helicopter from the top of the ship , Rincon said . Passenger Laurie Willits from Ontario , Canada , who was watching the magic show with her husband , told CNN : "  All of a sudden the lights flashed , and the boat tipped like it was turning , but it did n't return to level . " Emergency announcements in English and other languages were difficult to hear , Willits said . Panic spread as people scrambled to find lifeboats in the dark as the ship quickly leaned to one side . Lifeboats on the higher side got stuck , Willits said , leaving some people suspended in mid-air for a long time . The sounds of children crying and screaming could be heard . Willits and her husband managed to get into a lifeboat about an hour to 90 minutes after the alarm was raised , and were among the first to be taken to land . American Nancy Lofaro said she and her husband Mario were watching the magic show , when there was a "  grinding noise . " All the performers ran off the stage , she said , leaving the audience in the theater . She added that 30 minutes passed before there was any announcement , saying everything was under control . "  The crew tried hard but they kept telling us they had no information , and it was n't until an hour into this situation that we got into a lifeboat and were lowered . " Lofaro described a chaotic situation on the lifeboat . "  At one point we were being lowered , and we were sliding off to one side . Everyone fell into one side of the boat and were slamming into the ship . This happened a few times over 30 seconds . And finally we were lowered into the water level . It took 30 minutes to get to shore ... the lifeboats were slamming into each other . It was chaos . " At reception centers set up on shore Saturday , some passengers were still wearing pajamas , slippers or housecoats from when the alarm was first raised on the ship . Most were without their money , phones and valuables . Sirens blared as some of the injured were taken to hospital . Helicopters lifted some people from the badly listing ship . Rescue officials said their operation peaked between midnight and 3 a.m. Saturday , and calm seas prevented greater loss of life . Three people were confirmed dead and 20 injured . Many people spent the night in small churches and other buildings around the island before being ferried to the mainland to make their way home . The Italian cruise company , Costa Cruises , said it would help passengers return home . Costa is owned by parent company Carnival Corp. . An investigation into the cause of the disaster is under way , officials said . CNN 's Livia Borghese in Rome , Laura Smith-Spark in London , journalist Barbie Nadeau in Porto Santo Stefano and Michael Martinez in Los Angeles contributed to this report .	NEW : 200 passengers swam to shore , Little Rock man says The tilting ship and rising water evoked the film "  Titanic , " a crew member says There was chaos on board as passengers tried to find lifeboats in darkness The luxury cruise ship was designed to appeal to young couples and families
CNN  -- A crew member of a fishing vessel seen on the "  Deadliest Catch " reality show was found dead in a Homer , Alaska , hotel room Tuesday , police said . Justin Tennison , 33 , died of "  unknown causes , " but his body was flown to Anchorage , Alaska , for an autopsy , according to a statement from the Homer , Alaska , Police Department . Police and paramedics were called to Homer 's Best Western Bidarka Inn Tuesday afternoon after Tennison 's body was found , police said . Tennison served as an engineer on board the Time Bandit during two recent fishing seasons , according to a statement on the boat 's website . "  Justin was tough as a bull and was an all-around good hand , " the boat 's Capt. Johnathan Hillstrand said . "  The captains and crew appreciated his hard work and many contributions this past year . " He is survived by a son , daughter , sister , father and grandparents , according to the statement . Tennison 's is the second death in a year among the Discovery Channel show 's cast . Capt. Phil Harris , the tattooed and gruff captain of the Cornelia Marie , died a year ago of complications from a stroke suffered while his crew offloaded crab at St. Paul Island , Alaska . He was 53 .	Justin Tennison , 33 , served as an engineer on the Time Bandit His death was from "  unknown causes , " but an autopsy is being conducted , police say Tennison was "  tough as a bull , " the boat 's captain says
North Carolina 's House of Representatives passed a restrictive abortion bill Thursday with a 74-41 vote . The bill now heads to the state Senate for approval . The bill would place requirements on clinics that family planning advocates say would make it hard for them to stay in business . Among the requirements is the presence of a doctor when an abortion is being performed . The bill allows North Carolina 's health department to make temporary new rules for the state 's 31 abortion clinics as it sees fit . It also prohibits government-administered insurance plans , such as those under the Affordable Care Act , to pay for abortions -- though it makes exceptions when a pregnancy endangers a woman 's life . House committee members refashioned a bill on motorcycle safety into one principally about abortion after the state 's governor threatened on Wednesday to veto the abortion measures . That led the bill to be dubbed the "  Motorcycle Abortion Bill . " When legislators attached the abortion measures to the motorcycle safety bill , they placed them at the top of the bill and renamed it "  Health and Safety Law Changes . " motorcycle safety measures dropped to the bottom of the bill . Gov. Pat McCrory , a Republican , vowed to veto the abortion legislation the first time it came up . In his campaign , he had promised not to restrict abortion in North Carolina , and abortion-rights advocates lobbied to hold him to his word . McCrory warned in a statement that the legislation was unacceptable without significant changes , but he noted in his objections "  that major portions of the bill are of sound  principle  and value . " The language of the bill was reworded somewhat the second time around . It now says the health department should make rules without "  unduly restricting access . " McCrory could still veto , though there are enough conservative votes in the House and Senate to override it . A similar but stricter law passed in Mississippi is coming close to shutting down that state 's last abortion clinic . Another such law passed in Alabama earlier this year . These new state laws represent a broader , nationwide assault on a woman 's right to choose , said Staci Fox , a Planned Parenthood spokeswoman . "  Bills like these have been introduced in 42 states . This is a whole new level of attack on women 's health . " Some of the states that have already passed new laws did so in anticipation of legal challenges and have shored up war chests to fund the battles , she said . They are prepared to go to court , even to challenge the landmark Supreme Court abortion ruling Roe v. Wade that provides the basic legal framework for abortion in the United States . Abortion opponents confirm the judicial strategy behind the laws . Americans United for Life states : "  Using our model legislation and our hard-won expertise with abortion clinic regulations , we also intend to provoke future , strategic ` test cases ' -- federal and state legal challenges to carefully crafted and selected state laws -- that will serve as vehicles to severely undermine Roe v. Wade and , ultimately , eradicate it from American law . " Texas abortion bill a step closer to law Raped 11-year-old stirs an abortion debate in Chile	The bill now heads to the state Senate for approval It includes a requirement for doctors to be present at an abortion It also prohibits government-administered insurance plans to pay for abortions Critics say the bill would make it hard for abortion clinics to stay in business
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Yet another scale Il Divo has mastered : scaling the heights of success . The quartet was formed in 2004 after a global search . The operatic quartet 's new album , "  The Promise , " debuted atop the UK charts , their third collection to hit the No. 1 spot . The album  which was released in the U.S. last Tuesday  features Leonard Cohen 's "  Hallelujah , " Frankie Goes to Hollywood 's "  The Power of Love , " and the traditional "  Amazing Grace . " Il Divo also takes a chance on the ABBA hit "  The Winner Takes it All . " The group is the brainchild of "  American Idol " judge Simon Cowell , who saw a potential market for an international , "  popera " - style act after the soaring success of the Andrea Bocelli-Sarah Brightman duet "  Time to Say Goodbye  Con te Partiro  . " Watch Il Divo in action " Formed in 2004 after a global search , Il Divo  Italian for "  divine male performer "  consists of Spanish baritone Carlos Marin , American tenor David Miller , French pop singer Sebastien Izambard , and Swiss tenor Urs Buhler . According to Syco Music , Il Divo 's UK-based label , the quartet has sold more than 22 million albums worldwide . It seems Cowell knew what he was doing . CNN caught up with Il Divo to find out how close they are to Cowell , and which American pop diva they dream of collaborating with . CNN : Who do you most get compared to , the Three Tenors or the Backstreet Boys ? Carlos Marin :  laughs  It 's a mix of everything . I mean at the end -LSB- of the day -RSB- we are just a pop act . We just sing pop songs , and we just converted mostly the big endings into operatic style . But we are just us , Il Divo . CNN : Are you surprised by how much of a hit you 've become ? Marin : In a way , yeah . I still remember the first time we went to number one  in the UK  . We knocked out Robbie Williams and it was just like "  Wow ! " CNN : What is the big appeal of Il Divo ? Urs Buhler : I think it has a lot to do with the big variety we have inside the group , the fact that we are all from four different countries , from different cultural music backgrounds . And we bundle all those different energies ... and bring it together for that one cause -- to make the most beautiful music that we possibly can together . It 's not like we have a strategy or recipe for it , it 's just that we 're passionate about what we do . It works somehow . It 's magic . CNN : How involved is -LSB- Simon Cowell -RSB- with the day-to-day Il Divo operation ? Buhler : With the day-to-day operation , I would say his involvement is next to nothing . He 's only involved in the actual A&R - ing and the executive producing , which means we meet him about twice a year for an hour . CNN : You took a lot of time off in 2007 . In fact you took nearly the whole year off . When you regrouped did you find anything was different ? David Miller : Absolutely . The first three years were just a roller coaster of experiences : having the number one in the UK and then that turning into the number one in all the different countries , and going all around the world and being on tour , being on tour with Barbra Streisand and then more albums . Everything kind of bled into everything else and we did n't really have any time to appreciate all the things that we had done . So after this break , -LSB- when -RSB- we came back together in the studio , it was really like a breath of fresh air . Like the magic of the first album was back . We could appreciate the music again . We could appreciate each other again . And it was a lot more relaxed and a lot more fun . CNN : When you 're standing on stage and you look out at the audience what do you see ... is there a certain age range , a certain sex ? Miller : It depends on the country we go to . For example , when we go to the UK , it 's a slightly more mature audience . When we go to Spain it 's a lot younger audience . When we go to South Africa , it 's a family affair . So it really just depends , but everywhere we go the universal thing that ties them all in is that they 're all music-lovers and they appreciate what we do . CNN : How many languages do you sing in ? Buhler : We -LSB- sing -RSB- in French , Latin , Italian , Spanish , Portuguese , English ... that would be six . And we speak about seven or eight . CNN : Do you speak the language of love ? Marin : Yes , we do ! Buhler : That would be the ninth language . CNN : Who is the biggest diva in the group ? Marin : We are really four divas . Four captains , one ship . Sebastien Izambard : We have very strong personalities , and we 're the producers of our tour and we sit down -- the four of us -- and decide what we 're going to do , what set , what choice of the music or lighting . We 're four grown-up people and we make that very possible . -LSB- In the beginning -RSB- everyone had their own opinions . Now we just know what 's best for Il Divo . It 's easy . Everything 's easy . CNN : How are you being received in America ? Miller : I think in America it 's more of a slow burn . I think it 's more difficult to put us on the radio because we fall between the cracks in a way . We 're a little bit too pop for the classical stations , we 're a bit too classical for the pop stations . And right now hip-hop and rap sort of reign supreme on the airwaves . But there is a big following and it 's growing all the time . CNN : If there was someone you could collaborate with who you have n't yet , who would it be ? Izambard : Beyonce . Christina Aguilera . Marin : Tina Turner . CNN : These are all pop acts . So you really do want to stay within the pop realm ? Buhler : Yeah , definitely . I mean that 's a very conscious choice . I do n't think we 're all opera purists , but for me personally , a "  Nessun Dorma " -LSB- Puccini aria -RSB- is as good as it is and I do n't see the point of adding a breathy voice , or adding harmonies to it . While the pop repertoire ... it 's just more out there for everyone to take it and do with it whatever without offending people . All you want to do with a pop song is somehow transmit emotion . So far there 's -LSB- been -RSB- much more freedom in pop music and that 's why we stay in there ... we pretty much can do whatever we want . And as Simon Cowell just said recently , "  Nobody owns music . "	The group is the brainchild of "  American Idol " judge Simon Cowell The operatic quartet 's new album , "  The Promise , " debuted atop the UK charts Il Divo  Italian for "  divine male performer "  is made up of singers from four countries
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Two separate grenade attacks hit the Kenyan coast Saturday night , killing one person and wounding at least 33 others , officials said . One grenade in the southeastern town of Mtwapa killed one person and injured 31 others , said Nelly Mulluka , a spokeswoman for the Kenya Red Cross . A second grenade hurled into a stadium in the coastal city of Mombasa injured two others , she said . The attacks occurred in communities along the Indian Ocean , southeast of the Nairobi capital . The East African nation has been on edge since it sent its troops into Somalia to pursue Al-Shabaab militants after the abductions of tourists and aid workers in Kenya . It blames the abductions on Al-Shabaab , which has denied involvement . While no one has directly claimed responsibility , a statement posted online Sunday credited to Al-Shabaab said "  the deteriorating insecurity in Kenyan cities is an embodiment of Kenya 's misguided policies that place foreign interests above its national interests and the security of Western nations above the security of its citizens , thereby wasting the lives of its men and its resources for no real gain . " Al-Shabaab , which the United States considers a terror group , has threatened to attack Kenya if it does not withdraw its forces from Somalia . "  The Kenyan public must be aware that the more Kenyan troops continue to persecute innocent Muslims of Somalia , the less secure Kenyan cities will be ; and the more oppression the Muslims of Somalia feel , the more constricted Kenyan life will be , " the statement said . "  Such is the law of Retribution . Your security depends on our security . It is a long , protracted war and Kenyans must neither harbour a reason for optimism nor hope for triumph . " While CNN could not independently verify the statement 's origins , it posted on jihadist website that frequently published the group 's statements . CNN 's David McKenzie and Samira Said contributed to this report	NEW : "  Such is the law of retribution , " Al-Shabaab statement says Red Cross reports two grenade attacks -- one in Mombasa , one in nearby Mtwapa Kenya has been on edge since it sent its troops into Somalia to pursue Al-Shabaab militants The attacks occur in communities along the Indian Ocean
OPRAH.com  -- Every holiday season we are cursed with the same challenge : to articulate exactly how fond we are of our friends and family in the language of purchasable objects . Appreciate specific virtues of the people you 're buying for and connect those qualities to fabulous presents . This begs a couple of questions , like , "  How do I shop for gifts that please both my brother and his wife without offending my own soul ? " Even if you love your brother dearly , you might spend way too much and give him a French designer tablecloth covered with a really terrific artichoke print , which would prompt his cute but rigidly uptight wife to say something like "  Artichokes ? Wow . Ha ha ; only you would give us something like that ! No , really , it 's great ! " And another deep and philosophical question : "  How the hell am I supposed to express fondness for my extremely fancy friends when I have only $ 40 ? " Deciding I needed a psychic obstacle course that would train me to emerge victorious in this upcoming battle , I arrived at a strategy : I would theoretically buy gifts for people who were absolutely impossible to shop for . Oprah.com : Free  or really cheap !  gift ideas If I could climb these holiday Matterhorns , I could find presents for anyone . I asked myself : "  Who in the world would best represent my worst nightmares in the area of budget holiday shopping ? " And I came up with a holy celebrity trinity : Carla Bruni-Sarkozy  the mind-bogglingly fashionable , ex-supermodel wife of the president of France  , Brad Pitt  the half-Brangelinian father of six , at last count  , and ultracouple Jay-Z and Beyonc  who I technically counted as one since I wanted to get something they 'd both like  . My budget for each : around $ 40 . Obviously , this mission was going to require an insane level of creativity -- especially in a city like New York , where everything is so monstrously expensive . So I called women 's clothing designer Gary Graham at his new boutique inside ABC Carpet & Home , a posh yet quirky department store filled with enormous golden Buddhas and strange chandeliers , and asked him to accompany me . "  We should get my friend Charlie to take us to Flatbush , " he offered . I knew immediately what Gary was getting at . The Flatbush section of Brooklyn is a fertile mix of Caribbean families , art school hipsters , neighborhood discount stores , and specialty shops crammed to the ceiling with exotic imports . Charlie -- writer and artist Charles Beyer -- met us at Phat Albert , a legendary discount store that sells everything from leather baby pants to Lucite shower fixtures . We agreed that when shopping on a budget for people rich enough to buy their own islands , the goal was to find objects that would underline qualities we liked about them , and let them know we understood their particular needs . "  I think Brad Pitt would appreciate something that helps him control his children , " I suggested . "  I mean , he has so many of them . We need to find him a six-headed lollipop , or something that can keep the kids consolidated in space for a few minutes so he can rest . " Oprah.com : The secrets of thrifty shoppers We found a gift that , with just a little bit of creative doctoring , might do the trick : an XXX-large T-shirt featuring the late hip-hop artist Tupac Shakur . "  We could cut five more neck holes in it and call it a six-pac , " said Charlie . It was tempting . This masterpiece of modern babysitting cost only $ 8.99 , which would enable us to buy more child management aids . But I was n't satisfied that Brad would be as thrilled with it as I wanted him to be . "  Hey , check this out , " said Charlie , having already moved on to Carla . "  It 's a camouflage duffel bag featuring a fake McDonald 's logo . " Even more beguiling was a secret pocket outside the bag , the fabric of which was printed with the image of a cheerful , anthropomorphic French fry . The price : only $ 4 . Oprah.com : Gifts that give back True , Madame Sarkozy might love it . She is , after all , a tastemaker . Still , we wanted to see what they had at a few smaller shops . Hmmm . A bobble-headed decoy owl ? Perhaps Carla could use it to keep pigeons off statues of her husband ? No ... Then we came upon the Goodwill Gospel Store , which promised that we 'd be able to "  Give a Gift with Spiritual Importance . " "  Look , hanging in the window ! " I screamed . "  It 's the gift that perfectly reconciles Carla Bruni-Sarkozy 's rock 'n' roll , freewheeling past , her new diplomatic role as a high-profile political wife , and her much-maligned singing career ! " It was perfect : a tambourine in the shape of a peace dove . It really said it all , and for the low , low price of $ 21.99 . Score ! With that , we turned to the grueling task of shopping for Jay-Z and Beyonc . Since they are quintessential show people and are no doubt on the road a great deal of the time , living out of Louis Vuitton steamer trunks in six-star hotels with SWAT teams of hair and makeup artists , we wanted to find them something that would strike the right balance of sophisticated flair and down-home comfort . We came upon a $ 14 pair of boxer shorts covered with bags of money hanging on a rack in front of a clothing store  unlike Phat Albert , many of the smaller places have no visible names  , which we thought Mr. Z might appreciate . Another nameless discount store had a fantastic 3-D chart for identifying the different hair bun attachments it sold . Perhaps , we agreed , we could buy Beyonc half a dozen of the various $ 7 "  donut buns " and throw them into a Krispy Kreme box for extra whimsy ! But neither of these options was really singing to us , maybe because they did n't speak to the couple 's celebrated togetherness , which was the original sentiment behind buying them one gift . "  Oh , stop -- these are it , " Charlie suddenly enthused as we passed a small , anonymous shoe store . "  These bandanna slippers are absolutely Runway Collection 2009 ! " "  Actually , " said Gary , "  they are really nice . " The price : $ 19.99 . We decided to buy red slippers for Beyonc and blue for Jay-Z . Besides satisfying our criteria  snazzy yet relaxing  , since Mr. and Mrs. Z "  tied the knot , " this matching-scarf footwear could serve as a lasting symbol of a peaceful Hollywood marriage . I was very pleased so far ... but I did n't feel we 'd completely succeeded with Brad , so we wandered into a store called Gran Bwa that featured items of a West Indian nature . "  Hey , these could be great for Brad , " said Gary . The air in the room started shimmering , because he had , indeed , found some divine objects : a stack of six child-size straw porkpie hats . They were utterly hip , as if designed for miniature jazz musicians . We figured if Brad could manage to get all of his adorable children to wear the hats at the same time , like a global version of the Partridge Family , he could sell the photo to a tabloid for more than $ 4 million and donate the proceeds to the charity of his choice . At $ 10 each , the hats were a tad beyond our price range . But we decided we 'd splash out and spend the extra $ 20 , since eventually they could end up housing , say , 30,000 displaced persons . We 'd put Angelina on the gift card , too , and then we would n't have to buy her anything at the last minute . We were suffused with the joy of giving . Mission accomplished , we found ourselves considering the plight of the Three Kings . Even with an unlimited royal budget , it still must have been difficult to shop for a newborn Messiah . But they looked around their respective kingdoms and gathered up the swankiest stuff they could find . In the earliest example of holiday gift giving , it was the thought and the effort that counted . All in all , I came away with one really valuable lesson . You can learn a lot by shopping outside your ordinary consumer comfort zone . And during our practice pilgrimage , Gary , Charlie , and I remembered what 's important about the whole insane gift hunt : appreciating specific virtues of the people we 're buying for , and connecting these qualities , with love , to fabulous presents . And you got ta figure your brother 's wife is going to hate everything you give her anyway , so you may as well save a few bucks , right ? 'T is the season ! By Cintra Wilson from "  O , The Oprah Magazine , " December 2008 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Author decides to buy three gifts under $ 40 for have-it-all people She picks Carla Bruni-Sarkozy , Brad Pitt and ultracouple Jay-Z and Beyonc Author and friends buy six child-size straw porkpie hats for Pitt They also buy Jay-Z and Beyonce matching slippers
Baghdad  CNN  -- The head of a television station and a human rights activist were shot dead by gunmen who attacked their car with small arms fire Friday , Iraq 's interior ministry said . Taha Hameed , the director of al-Massar TV , and Abed Farhan Thiyab , the director of Iraq 's political prisoners association , were killed in southern Baghdad . Hameed was also a senior official with the governing Islamic Dawa Party - Iraq Organization . He was killed immediately when gunmen intercepted his car and fired on it , interior ministry officials said . Separately , two civilians were killed and four others were wounded when a roadside bomb exploded in a residential area in the northern outskirts of Baghdad on Thursday night .	Gunmen intercept a car and spray it with bullets , Interior Ministry officials say One of the victims is Taha Hameed , the head of al-Massar TV and a political party official The other is Abed Farhan Thiyab , the director of Iraq 's political prisoners association
CNN  -- An interview with a choreographer for the Miss Universe pageant spurred controversy Wednesday over alleged claims that Donald Trump personally selects some of the finalists . Donald Trump is at the center of a brewing controversy over the Miss Universe finalists . The Q&A with Michael Schwandt , which appeared on Guanabee.com , quotes him as saying that "  it 's just kind of common knowledge that -LSB- Trump -RSB- picks six of the top 15 single-handedly . " "  And , his reason for doing so , as he told me and he 's told the girls before , is that he left it all up to preliminary judging in the past , and some of the most beautiful women , in his opinion , were not in the top 15 , and he was kind of upset about that , " the story quotes Schwandt as saying . "  And he decided that he would pick a certain number and let the judges pick a certain number . " Via e-mail , Schwandt said that he "  was speaking in hypothetical jest " when he said Trump picks some of the finalists and said the mogul has never spoken to either him , or any of his team , about the selection process . "  The story posted on that site contains many misquotes and -LSB- is -RSB- highly inaccurate , " Schwandt wrote . "  I would like to disassociate myself from it completely and anything negative in regards to Miss Universe or even suggesting that Donald Trump ` rigs ' his event . I 'm perplexed as to why Guanabee.com would run a story such as this when they are aware that it is inaccurate . " Daniel Mauser , publisher of Guanabee , said his site stands by the story , which resulted after Schwandt was contacted about his role choreographing both the pageant and a much talked-about performance by reality-star-turned-singer Heidi Montag . "  Whatever you see quoted in the article is verbatim what he said , " Mauser said . "  So I can understand why he would want to retract those words , but unfortunately that was what was said . " A statement from Miss Universe Organization President Paula M. Shugart , released Wednesday , said that "  to suggest the pageant is somehow orchestrated or ` rigged ' is utterly false and misleading . " However , the statement also observed that Trump does play a role in selecting the finalists . "  In the 2009 Miss Universe competition , a preliminary panel of judges selected nine of the Top 15 and members of the Miss Universe Organization , including owner Donald J. Trump , selected the remaining six , " the statement began . The statement went on to say that "  a separate panel of judges , introduced live at the Finals telecast , is solely responsible for the selection of the Top 10 , Top 5 and the ultimate winner of the pageant . " "  This system has been in place since 2005 and has always been fully disclosed to the contestants , their directors , the judges and the viewing audience , " the statement said . "  The procedure is overseen by the accounting firm of Ernst & Young and NBC Program Standards and Compliance . To in any way call into question the integrity of the judging process or suggest the pageant is somehow orchestrated or ` rigged ' is utterly false and misleading . " Mauser describes Guanabee as an "  entertainment Web site for the Hispanic community that covers the interests and portrayals of acculturated Hispanics in this country . " The Miss Universe pageant is very popular in the Hispanic community , Mauser said , and the story took a different turn after the alleged comments were published . Schwandt , who has choreographed the pageant for the past few years , said in an e-mail to CNN that although Trump does meet with the contestants before the televised pageant , as far as he knows , it is just a gesture on Trump 's part in his role as producer of the pageant . "  I know the Miss Universe Organization goes to great lengths to establish a preliminary and final panel of judges as well as different factors on which contestants are judged , " Schwandt wrote . "  However , I 'm the last person to be quoted as saying anything in regard to the judging or selecting process , I 'm the choreographer , I deal with that . "	Miss Universe choreographer 's interview sparks controversy Michael Schwandt says he was misquoted President of organization calls claims of rigging "  false and misleading "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's estate never gave an expert it hired permission to help AEG Live defend against the wrongful death lawsuit filed by Jackson 's mother and children , the estate 's top lawyer said Thursday . The revelation raised questioned about the testimony of entertainment industry consultant Eric Briggs , who was hired by AEG Live to challenge the Jacksons ' expert opinions concerning damages the concert promoter might owe if found liable in the singer 's death . Briggs told the court this week that his company -- FTI Consultants -- had gotten a waiver from a Jackson estate lawyer before agreeing to work on the concert promoter 's defense . Briggs had signed a confidentiality agreement with the Jackson estate in 2010 when he was hired to determine the value of its biggest asset -- the Sony-ATV music catalog that includes the Beatles songs -- for the estate 's tax filings in 2010 . He was hired by AEG Live lawyers in February to prepare a challenge of the opinion of an expert hired by the Jackson lawyers to calculate how much money the singer would have earned had he not died while working on his comeback concerts in 2009 . Briggs said he -- or someone else in his company -- gained permission from the Jackson estate lawyer Jeryll Cohen to waive any potential conflict of interest . "  No one from the estate or any lawyers authorized or waived any potential conflict for FTI or Mr. Briggs , " Jackson estate attorney Howard Weitzman wrote in an e-mail read in court Thursday . Such a waiver would be counter to the interests of the estate 's beneficiaries -- Jackson 's mother and three children , a Jackson lawyer said . Despite the conflict , the judge ordered Briggs to answer questions posed by Katherine Jackson 's lawyers about the music catalog . He said although his valuation placed Jackson 's interest in the catalog at about the same level as Jackson 's debt at the time of his death -- which he said was $ 400 million -- the IRS challenged it as low . An independent analyst hired by the IRS concluded he had undervalued Jackson 's interest in the catalog by up to $ 300 million , Briggs testified . Jackson lawyers argue it is evidence the singer was not broke when he died , contrary to what Briggs said in his testimony . Briggs testified this week that it was his opinion that it was speculative that Jackson would have earned a dime more in his life if he had not died of a propofol overdose on June 25 , 2009 . He based his opinion the testimony of a doctor who said earlier that he did not think Jackson would have lived even another week past that date . Panish , however , pointed out that the doctor 's opinion was based on the assumption that Dr. Conrad Murray would still be giving Jackson nightly infusions of propofol -- the surgical anesthetic the coroner said killed him -- as a treatment for insomnia . The Jackson 's suit contends AEG Live is liable because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Murray .	AEG Live 's consultant testifies Michael Jackson 's estate waived its conflict of interest A Jackson estate lawyer contradicts testimony of consultant Eric Briggs The IRS is challenging Briggs ' valuation of Jackson 's share of huge music catalog Briggs calls assertions of Jackson 's potential earnings "  speculative "
CNN  -- The winner of the 82nd annual Scripps National Spelling Bee said Friday she is "  pretty excited " but a little tired . Kavya Shivashankar of Olathe , Kansas , reacts to winning the Scripps National Spelling Bee on Thursday night . "  This has been my dream for so long ; I 've always wanted to win the bee , " Kavya Shivashankar , 13 , of Olathe , Kansas , told CNN . "  I was just really excited when I was able to go up and spell the last word . " The eighth-grader won $ 40,000 in cash and prizes for nailing the final word , "  Laodicean , " which means lukewarm or indifferent , particularly in matters of politics or religion . This year 's bee -- an event that has skyrocketed in popularity thanks to exposure on television and in movies -- started Tuesday in Washington with a record 293 spellers . Kavya endured 15 rounds . In an event that has seen contestants crack under the strain of the national spotlight , Kavya -- competing in her fourth national finals -- appeared composed throughout . Watch the poised winner describe the thrill " As she spelled words such as "  phoresy , " "  hydrargyrum " and "  huisache , " she calmly went through the routine of asking each word 's pronunciation , origin and roots before ticking their spellings off for the judges . "  I focus so much on my word ; I do n't really pay attention to all the cameras and photographers and all the media in front of me , " she said Friday . Kavya 's father , who is her spelling coach , would tap his foot in time as she spelled the words , and at one point he appeared so confident that he waved to someone while his daughter was in the middle of spelling a word . Second-place finisher Tim Ruiter of Reston , Virginia , bowed out after misspelling "  Maecenas , " meaning a generous patron of the arts . Kavya said she would miss competing in the spelling bee , as the rules do not permit her to enter next year . "  It was such a big part of my life , and I love doing it , " she said . However , she may someday have a new role in the competition . "  If my -LSB- little -RSB- sister gets to D.C. sometime soon , I 'd really love to help and coach her , " she said . Kavya attends California Trail Junior High School in the Kansas City suburb . Her hobbies include swimming , cycling and traditional Indian dance , according to the contest 's Web site . She plans on becoming a neurosurgeon . The first National Spelling Bee took place in 1925 , with five contestants . CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Kavya Shivashankar of Olathe , Kansas , wins in fourth trip to national finals The 13-year-old eighth-grader will receive $ 40,000 in cash and prizes Focus on task keeps cameras and media from distracting her , Kavya says Girl may return to scene if younger sister does well in future competitions
Parenting.com  -- I am a 38-year-old father of two little boys living in Portland , Oregon , and I like my circumcised penis . However , when it came time to decide the fate of my sons ' own genitalia , my wife and I bucked the trend and let them live as they were born . First , to be clear : I 'm no "  intactivist . " I do not feel nearly that passionately about the subject . I have absolutely no problem with anyone who decides to circumcise his or her child . Tradition is powerful stuff . And the American Academy of Pediatrics 's newly revised policy statement will not , in my opinion , make the issue any clearer for expectant parents -- it remains artfully ambiguous . Yet , the revised policy does clearly state that the procedure should be covered by insurance . This will likely lead to greater access to circumcisions , which will surely be heralded by advocates . But for me , the decision came down to my penchant to leave well enough alone . I figure that nature knows better than I do about how to make a penis . That 's it . Parenting : A history of circumcision I 'm not worried about the hygiene issues that are potentially related to uncircumcised penises . They are minor and rare . Besides , my boys are lucky enough to be able to bathe in clean water just about every day . I 'll take the time to show them how to clean themselves just as the parent of a little girl must teach her to wash her vagina carefully . Considering that some estimate a 1.5 percent complication frequency rate among newly circumcised infants , I 'm OK with my boys ' risking the infrequent urinary tract infection . There is , I suppose , a slightly higher risk of HIV transmission and other sexually transmitted infections for uncircumcised males . But I trust that I 'll be able to convey the importance of proper condom use when my boys reach the appropriate age . Should teens make circumcision decision ? Before the birth of my first son , most of the parental backyard barbecue banter dealt with either aesthetics or tradition . Who was going to opt for the knife -- and why -- had a lot to do with personal preference , it seemed . Practical health issues and religious adherents were rarely , if ever , discussed . Either the men were adamant that their son look like them or they just did n't care if they did n't . There was some talk among the women about whether circumcised penises were "  cuter " than uncircumcised penises . They could n't agree . While amusing , I did not find any real substance in these discussions . There is also an argument to be made that circumcision , in effect , mutilates the genitals of a minor without their consent , which strikes me as neither fair nor particularly holistic . I ca n't help but wonder if the practice of male circumcision , as with female genital mutilation , has something to do with a fear of human sexuality and a desire to control . A stretch ? Perhaps . But it is interesting to note that the Netherlands sure does n't think so : In 2010 , the Royal Dutch Medical Association stated that non-therapeutic male circumcision "  conflicts with the child 's right to autonomy and physical integrity . " They went as far as to claim that there are as many good reasons for prohibition of male circumcision as there are for female genital mutilation . Parenting : Why I decided to circumcise my sons I had a good friend who chose to get circumcised when we were in the eighth grade . I believe that he was solely motivated by pressure to look like his male peers . He was out of school for a week . I remember him telling me about the excruciating pain associated with the procedure . He was in pain for at least a week post-operation . Adolescents like to exaggerate , but I believed him . I remembered this anecdote when it came time to make the decision for my sons . I did not have any desire to subject my beautiful baby boys to excruciating pain , even with analgesia . The thought of forcing them to endure another traumatic experience right after birth seemed cruel . Parenting : How a circumcision is actually performed Besides , the perception of what a "  normal " penis should look like is rapidly changing . Our doctor here in Portland informed my wife and me that the circumcision rate was nearing 30 % locally -- a far cry from the approximately 80 % rate of the 1960s . Thirty percent is a lot closer to the global ratio . So , even if we move away from Portland someday  and go ahead , make all the Portlandia jokes you want  , the likelihood that my boys ' penises will be accepted is pretty high . The day will come when one of my boys will want to know why his penis is different than mine . It has n't happened yet although the oldest is only 3 . When it does , I will look him in the eye and tell him that people did things differently when I was born -- no big deal . Parenting : Boy parts -- and what to do with them This story was originally published on Parenting.com : Why I did n't circumcise my sons The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Will Robertson . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Dad Will Robertson is circumcised , but chose not to circumcise his sons He says he and his wife decided to let their children "  live as they were born " Robertson recalls a friend who underwent circumcision as an eighth-grader He says he could not subject his infant sons to excruciating pain
CNN  -- Booms , busts and bubbles are all jargon you might associate with today 's troubled Irish economy . But now you can add "  beans " to that list . The Jelly Bean Factory -- a father-and-son start-up -- is defying a difficult Irish economic climate with a turnover of 11 million euros  $ 14.6 million  a year . The sweet maker is refining the art of gourmet confectionery , teaming up with corporate giants including GlaxoSmithKline to produce specially designed jelly beans . Richard Cullen , managing director of The Jelly Bean Factory , told CNN : "  We make their energy sports beans under the brand Lucozade , we also partner with a Finnish company called Panda and we sell that into the Finnish market and also into the U.S. market . " The business , founded in 1998 by father Peter Cullen and son Richard , produces 12 million jelly beans a day and exports the sugary treats to more than 55 countries worldwide . The company expects growth to double over the next two years . Before the financial crisis of 2008 , Ireland 's economy was known as the "  Celtic Tiger " due to its rapid economic expansion and property boom . Cullen said : "  Setting up manufacturing in Ireland at the height of the Celtic Tiger was a challenge in itself - just trying to find a property that we could afford was difficult , but then finding a workforce in those early stages was very difficult as well . " The Celtic Tiger stumbled after Ireland 's banking crisis and the collapse of its construction sector . A member of the 17-nation single currency , Ireland is now undergoing a harsh austerity program and grappling with high unemployment . And as one of the three member states to receive financial aid from the eurozone 's rescue funds , Ireland is also is also trying to repay a 67 billion euro  $ 89 billion  bailout to creditors . But despite the country 's economic woes and the problems plaguing the eurozone , Cullen believes Ireland 's place in the 27-nation European Union is "  definitely " helping the business . Food regulation within the EU is tight but the Jelly Bean Factory is meticulous in its production . It takes two weeks to craft each of the individual 36 flavours , from Cranberry and apple to Belgian chocolate . Cullen told CNN : "  We transformed our business ; we only use natural colours and natural flavours , so we do n't have to put any health warnings on our products . " CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report .	The Jelly Bean Factory has a turnover of 11 million euros  $ 14.6 million  a year The sweet maker expects the company to double its growth over the next two years Managing Director Richard Cullen believes Ireland 's EU status is helping the company
CNN  -- As long as there have been movies , there have been bad movies . For a long time , they were forgotten -- or wished to be . But there were those who remembered . One of them was Harry Medved . In the 1970s and '80s , he co-wrote four books on bad movies , some with brother Michael . Along with Danny Peary 's 1981 book "  Cult Movies , " Medved 's works helped blaze a trail . The films included the high and low . Alain Resnais ' inscrutable "  Last Year at Marienbad " was in there ; so were "  Robot Monster , " "  The Horror of Party Beach " and the films of Ed "  Plan 9 from Outer Space " Wood . The choices got attention . Medved was written up in People magazine and guested on talk-show panels . "  We were thrilled at becoming part of the national discourse on movies that are so bad they 're good , " says Medved , who now writes for the film and ticketing site Fandango . Some of his targets were n't so thrilled . Medved remembers sharing a couch on the old "  Merv Griffin Show " with Burt Reynolds . "  He accused me of making money off of bad movies , " Medved recalls . "  I told him he had made millions off of his own bad movies , so I did n't see the problem . " Other actors can only smile and shrug . Carrie Fisher , no stranger to bad films , told CNN that she made one film because it earned her a trip to Israel . Michael Caine , who starred in "  Jaws : The Revenge , " once wrote , "  I have never seen it , but by all accounts , it is terrible . However , I have seen the house that it built , and it is terrific . " Gradually , Hollywood detritus got more attention from the mainstream . Joel Hodgson and his colleagues created "  Mystery Science Theater 3000 , " which featured the cast watching bad movies and yelling jokes at the screen . The show ran from 1988 to 1999 . Putting Hollywood 's biggest bombs back together Hodgson , who confesses that "  when I was a kid , I thought God made the movies , " says that he could always find something good in what he was joking about . "  When you write  the riffs  , you spend a lot of time with the film , " says the comedian . "  There are certain things that you ca n't get over , like certain performances that are great , but they 're within the body of this  bad  movie . " These days there 's an afterlife well beyond "  MST3K . " Medved mentions there 's a book in the works about the production of "  Robot Monster . " The making of "  The Creeping Terror , " a 1964 film about a man-eating alien , has inspired the more dramatic "  Creep ! " , about the con-man director behind the film . "  Manos : The Hands of Fate " is being restored , thanks to a Kickstarter campaign . "  The Room , " which Entertainment Weekly called "  the ` Citizen Kane ' of bad movies , " has led to "  Rocky Horror " - like midnight-movie participation , a video game , a live reading and a book coming in October . Bogdanovich on hits , flops and surprises If you want the original bad stuff more or less straight , there are also live events to harness your happiness . Hodgson occasionally tours with his "  Cinematic Titanic " show ; former "  MST3K " writer and host Michael J. Nelson has a show called "  RiffTrax . "  If you want to play at home , Shout ! Factory has been issuing DVDs of "  MST3K " episodes ; Volume XXVII is due July 23 . It all goes to show that there are many paths to immortality . The "  Attack of the Killer Tomatoes " creators used Medved 's inclusion to create a franchise , for example . And Ed Wood ? The man became the subject of an Oscar-winning film . "  Ed Wood 's widow was not exactly thrilled when we lauded him with the Golden Turkey Award as ` the worst director of all time , ' " says Medved . "  But  we helped bring an underground cult for ` Plan 9 ' above ground . I think Wood would have enjoyed the resulting attention . "	Hollywood has long history of bad movies , but few paid attention until '70s Harry Medved one of the leaders in calling attention to film badness "  Mystery Science Theater , " "  Cinematic Titanic , " "  RiffTrax " invite participation Some bad movies have long afterlife
CNN  -- The Rev. Jesse Jackson ended a trip to the Ivory Coast on Friday , after he spoke to leaders from the nation 's political parties and was honored as a prince by a tribe in the West African nation . Jesse Jackson says ceremony to name him a prince of the Agni people was "  very exciting . " Jackson said he met with President Laurent Gbagbo and leading members of two opposition parties , Henri Konan Bedie and Alassane Ouattara . Bedie is a former president of the nation and Ouattara is a former prime minister . Jackson said his mission was not to endorse a candidate , "  but a process . " "  I wanted the three of them to agree ... -LSB- to -RSB- campaign vigorously ... not to create divisive language , to each agree to support the winner , -LSB- and -RSB- end the -LSB- U.N. -RSB- sanctions , " he said . "  I think there 's a common agreement on these points . This country has so much to offer the world and Africa . " The United Nations imposed sanctions on the nation in 2004 , among them , a ban on arms and diamond trades , a travel ban and asset freezes for some individuals . The sanctions , renewed last year , are in effect until October 29 . Earlier in Jackson 's trip , Amon N'Douffou V , king of the Krindjabo kingdom , named Jackson a prince of the Agni people , news reports said . Jackson said it was a "  very exciting ceremony . " Jackson 's wife , Jacqueline , suffered a broken leg during the trip when a stage she and her husband were on collapsed , Jackson told CNN in a telephone interview . "  We had excellent medical care , " the pastor said , adding that the collapse was "  not the fault of the organizers , " but that too many people had gathered on the stage . Official news agency Agence Ivoirienne de Presse reported that the stage collapse occurred in a sports complex in Yopougon , north of Abidjan . A doctor was to accompany them on their Friday night flight back to the United States , Jackson said . The coming elections in the Ivory Coast are being closely watched by U.N. officials . In a July 30 statement , the U.N. Security Council said "  any postponement of the elections of 29 November would be inconsistent with a credible process " and with a peace agreement that had followed an armed rebellion in 2002 that had divided the country in two . The Security Council said it would review progress toward elections before October 15 . In March , U.S. State Department spokesman Gordon Duguid said the "  United States believes that long-delayed presidential elections are still technically possible in 2009 and calls on all parties to take every step necessary to ensure that credible elections go forward as promised . " The statement said more than 5.7 million people had been enrolled as voters on a "  preliminary basis . "	Coming elections in the Ivory Coast are being closely watched by U.N. officials Jackson meets with president , opposition leaders in trip to West African nation Leader of Krindjabo kingdom reportedly names Jackson a prince of the Agni people Jackson : Wife received "  excellent medical care " after breaking leg in stage collapse
CNN  -- I love you Rihanna . You succinctly gave voice to the anger that 's been building ever since Washington Post columnist George Will wrote skeptically about young women caught up in a "  supposed campus epidemic of rape , a.k.a. ` sexual assault . ' " You remember that ? Will said , in his special Will way , that when colleges and universities "  make victimhood a coveted status that confers privileges , victims proliferate . " You , Rihanna , gave voice to the anger that 's been simmering since Rush Limbaugh said , "  no means yes if you know how to spot it , " and Fox & Friends joked about "  taking the stairs " 'cause there are cameras in the elevator to record you punching your lady . You , Rihanna , succinctly said , in two words , how many women feel for getting blamed for everything from raising "  problem children " to "  feminizing " men . F *** you ! Rihanna slams CBS for pulling song Mr. Goodell , if you 're wondering why you 're getting so much grief for that that two-game suspension you handed to Ray Rice for decking his fianc  e , I 'll spell it out . You provided the tipping point for the anger women feel for getting blamed for just about everything bad that happens to them . Voices of domestic violence It 's why Rihanna is so upset that CBS pulled her song "  Run This Town " from Thursday Night Football because , well , in Rihanna 's words : "  Y' all are sad for penalizing me for this ... CBS you pulled my song last week , now you wan na slide it back in this Thursday ? NO , F *** you ! Y' all are sad for penalizing me for this . " Oh , and do n't say you did n't penalize Rihanna for what Ray Rice did to Janay Palmer . CBS Sports Chairman Sean McManus told the Associated Press that Rihanna 's history of domestic abuse at the hands of Chris Brown was "  among several factors considered  for pulling her song  but was not the overriding one . " To make matters worse , it was n't even Rihanna 's song ! It was Jay Z 's song . Rihanna was merely performing alongside the man who discovered her . As Rihanna tweeted , "  The audacity ... " and forbade CBS to use any of her songs in its Thursday Night Football lineup ever again . CBS promptly announced : "  Beginning this Thursday , we will be moving in a different direction with some elements of our Thursday Night Football open . We will be using our newly created Thursday Night Football theme music to open our game broadcast . " Wise move CBS . It would have been a colossal mistake to bully Rihanna into singing for the NFL . There have been so many strong , female voices speaking out about crimes against their sisters , and you know what ? People are listening . Universities  Princeton most recently  are more aggressively tackling sexual assaults on campus , there are now consequences -- at least for some -- for spouting irresponsible garbage about female victims . And the NFL ? It has now hired female advisers to shape its domestic violence policy . Dare I say again , I love you Rihanna .	A song featuring Rihanna , a past victim of violence , was shelved after Ray Rice case Carol Costello praises Rihanna for refusing to be victimized in the process She says Rihanna gave voice to anger simmering as result of recent controversy Costello : Good for Rihanna that she would n't be victimized again
Washington  CNN  -- The Secret Service continued to be rocked Thursday by allegations of its agents ' transgressions , though one U.S. government official cautioned against assuming there are systemic problems or that they are not properly investigated . The new claims include an account stemming from El Salvador described by CNN affiliate Seattle TV station KIRO as very similar to the Colombia prostitution scandal purportedly involving members of the Secret Service and other government agencies . The U.S. government official acknowledged there had been missteps among Secret Service members , while adding that such problems are to be expected given the agency 's 147-year history . Amid calls by some Republicans for a broader congressional-led investigation , the official was also quick to defend the government 's internal review process and the role of the Secret Service 's Office of Professional Responsibility in dealing with that agency . "  We have had employees that have engaged in misconduct , " the official said . "  People make mistakes . " Reports of other incidents involving members of the agency , which is charged with protecting the president and other top officials , as well as investigating criminal activity , have been brought to Congress , a congressional source said Thursday . That includes the incident in El Salvador , which the congressional source said the Secret Service has told Congress it is looking into as well . The KIRO report cited an unnamed U.S. government contractor who worked extensively with the Secret Service advance team in San Salvador before President Barack Obama 's trip there in March 2011 . The source said he was with about a dozen Secret Service agents and a few U.S. military specialists at a strip club in the city a few days before Obama arrived . Cartagena investigation not over , Secret Service says The men drank heavily at the club , and most of them paid extra for access to a VIP section where they were provided sexual favors in return for cash , the source told the station . The station reported that the strip club 's owner corroborated the allegations . The owner confirmed that a large number of agents , and some military escorts , "  descended on his club " that week and were there at least three nights in a row , KIRO reported . The owner said his club routinely takes care of high-ranking employees of the U.S. Embassy in San Salvador as well as visiting agents from the FBI and U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , KIRO said . The owner said his reputation for "  security " and "  privacy " makes his strip club popular with "  those who want to be discreet . " The government contractor source said he told the agents it was a "  really bad idea " to take the strippers back to their hotel rooms , but several agents bragged that they "  did this all the time " and "  not to worry about it , " KIRO reported . KIRO investigative reporter Chris Halsne told the CBS show "  This Morning " on Thursday that he considers his source very credible , and he later told CNN that he had checked billing records , receipts , credentials and other information to confirm the contractor was with the Secret Service in Central America at the time of the incident . The source told him about the alleged scandal last year , while Halsne was in El Salvador on a different story . Halsne said he pressed for details at that time , but the man did n't want any information from him to be used then in a news story . After the allegations involving Secret Service agents in Colombia surfaced , Halsne again pressed his source , who this time assented to the use of his account in the KIRO report . CNN can not independently confirm the allegations . Responding to the KIRO report , Secret Service spokesman Edwin Donovan said , "  The recent investigation in Cartagena  Colombia  has generated several news stories that contain allegations by mostly unnamed sources . Any information brought to our attention that can be assessed as credible will be followed up on in an appropriate manner . " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Thursday that his department is not investigating any of its troops about the reported incident in El Salvador . But the State Department is questioning its El Salvador embassy staff about the allegations , spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Thursday . The Drug Enforcement Administration also is prepared to look into , "  in an appropriate manner and immediately , " allegations that it deems "  credible " regarding its agents in El Salvador , agency spokesman Rusty Payne said . But he added that , while the DEA has seen news reports , "  We are unaware of any allegations of misconduct . " Sen. Chuck Grassley -- the top Republican in his chamber 's Judiciary Committee , which was briefed Wednesday by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano on the Colombia scandal -- said the KIRO report "  only reaffirms the need for independent investigations by the  Homeland Security Department 's independent  inspector general . " "  There are rumors flying about various incidents over several years about the conduct of Secret Service personnel , as well as other law enforcement and military personnel in locations around the world , " the Iowa Republican said . "  The only way to put to rest the rumors of a much wider problem is for the allegations to receive transparent and independent reviews . " Another Republican on that committee , Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , called for Congress itself to investigate "  as part of our oversight responsibilities . " But Sen. Chuck Schumer , a New York Democrat and Judiciary Committee member , disagreed and said Napolitano 's investigation needs to come first . "  After that , Congress should look into it and see what went wrong and what could be changed , " he said . The Washington Post reported Thursday that an unnamed source said such behavior is part of the culture at the Secret Service and not a one-time occurrence . Napolitano : Obama has full confidence in director The Secret Service said it has no comment on the Post story , but a Secret Service official , who was not authorized to comment on the continuing investigation , said , "  It 's difficult for the Secret Service to defend against this , " referring to the Post 's article . "  The reaction by our leadership speaks for itself , " the official told CNN , referring to the Colombia incident . "  Everyone was sent home . There 's an investigation . We have taken action regarding the agents . " Spokesman Jay Carney said Thursday that the White House would not comment on unconfirmed reports about other incidents , saying questions should be directed to the Secret Service . The alleged prostitution scandal in Colombia occurred before the president 's trip this month to a pan-American summit in Cartagena . Secret Service and U.S. military members are said to have consorted with prostitutes . Nine Secret Service members have resigned or are being forced out as a result of the scandal . The military has launched its own investigation into 12 troops who were in Colombia in advance of Obama 's visit . The U.S. Southern Command said Thursday that the latest soldier included in this inquiry had "  duty at the White House Communications Agency , " which is part of the military . Fresh off a meeting with Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan , Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee told CNN 's "  OutFront " on Thursday that she 's learned the agency -- besides setting up working groups focused on its culture and outreach efforts , including to women -- will institute several measures in light of the uproar . These include having a "  professional development or personnel officer  go  on every trip the agents take out of the country , " barring agents from being "  associated with any place of bad acts " such as strip clubs and mandating that "  no foreign nationals will be allowed in " an agent 's hotel room . "  If this is the culture , then they want to immediately put it to rest , " the Texas Democrat said , explaining the Secret Service 's rationale . CNN 's Brian Todd , Dan Lothian , Carol Cratty , Tom Cohen and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : A congresswoman says the Secret Service will institute steps to prevent future issues NEW : They include restricting agents ' guests or from patronizing places like strip clubs KIRO reports Secret Service agents went to a strip club , solicited women in El Salvador Some Secret Service members allegedly paid for sexual favors , took strippers back to their hotel
CNN  -- Interpol , at the request of a Swedish court looking into alleged sex crimes from earlier this year , has put WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange on its most-wanted listed . The Stockholm Criminal Court two weeks ago issued an international arrest warrant for Assange on probable cause , saying he is suspected of rape , sexual molestation and illegal use of force in August incidents . Sweden asked Interpol , the international police organization , to post a "  Red Notice " after a judge approved a motion to bring him into custody . The "  Red Notice " is not an international arrest warrant . It is an advisory and request , issued to 188 member countries "  to assist the national police forces in identifying or locating those persons with a view to their arrest and extradition , " according to Interpol . The Swedish court ordered Assange , 39 , formally arrested in his absence , which requires Swedish authorities anywhere in the world to detain Assange if they come across him . Sweden 's director of prosecutions , Marianne Ny , had requested the arrest-in-absence . "  The background is that he has to be heard in this investigation and we have n't been able to get a hold of him to question him , " Ny said at the time . Assange faces five counts that appear related to two incidents , according to the request Ny filed with the court . He faces one count of rape and one count of sexual molestation related to an instance around August 17 in Enkoping , just outside Stockholm . He then faces two counts of sexual molestation between August 13 and 18 in Stockholm , and one count of illegal use of force between August 13 and 14 , also in the capital . Assange could be sentenced to at least two years in prison if convicted , according to the document . Assange , an Australian , was rejected for permanent residency in Sweden in October . Swedish Migration Board official Gunilla Wikstrom said his application failed to fulfill all the requirements but declined to give details . On Monday , Ecuador invited Assange to come to Quito to discuss documents leaked on the site relating to Ecuador and other Latin American countries , according to a statement from the country 's foreign ministry . The ministry also offered to process a request for residency "  in accordance with the country 's current laws . " In a November news release , Assange 's British lawyer said the sex-crime charges stem from consensual sexual relationships his client had with two women . "  Only after the women became aware of each other 's relationships with Mr. Assange did they make their allegations against him , " lawyer Mark Stephens said in the statement . Stephens also said neither he nor Assange "  have ever received a single written word , at any time , in any form , from Swedish authorities on the Swedish investigation against our client . " The media has been the only way they 've learned substantial information about the investigation , Stephens said . He called it "  a clear contravention to Article 6 of the European Convention , which states that every accused must be informed promptly , in a language which he understands and in detail , of the nature and cause of the accusation against him . " Swedish prosecutors announced over the summer they were investigating Assange in two separate cases of rape and molestation . Ny said then there was reason to believe a crime had been committed , but that more investigation was necessary before she could make a final decision . Assange has maintained he is innocent , telling the Arabic-language television network Al-Jazeera the accusations were a "  smear campaign . "	Interpol puts WikiLeaks founder on wanted list Julian Assange faces five counts in alleged sexual crimes in Sweden Assange has maintained his innocence
CNN  Brazilian police worked for five months to track down a fugitive American pastor accused of dozens of sexual assaults in Minnesota . Victor Arden Barnard , 53 , was arrested Friday at a home in a gated community , said the Public Security Secretariat of Rio Grande do Norte state . A 33-year-old woman was detained , police said . Both were transported to a federal jail in Lagoa Nova in Natal , awaiting extradition to the United States , authorities said . Barnard is suspected of 59 counts of sexual assault in Minnesota . He is accused of sexually abusing two young girls who were members of his church , the U.S. Marshals Service said . The last U.S. sighting of Barnard was last year in Raymond , Washington . The fugitive was featured on CNN 's "  The Hunt With John Walsh " last year and again last week . Barnard was featured on the U.S. Marshal 's 15 Most Wanted List along with a $ 25,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . In addition to the sexual assault allegations , he was also wanted for unlawful flight to avoid prosecution . As a pastor , Barnard inspired his congregants with his charisma and apparent devotion to the teachings of Jesus Christ . "  I had never met anybody that I thought loved the word of God as much as Victor Barnard did , " said Ruth Johnson , a former member of Barnard 's River Road Fellowship . Barnard set up a so-called "  shepherd 's camp " in the mid-1990s in Pine County . Several congregants moved to the rural area about 100 miles north of Minneapolis to be a part of the camp . In June 2000 , the pastor allegedly convinced some members of his congregation to hand over their firstborn daughters to live with him in a secluded campsite . Lindsay Tornambe 's name was called , and her parents allowed their 13-year-old daughter to join the group of girls at the camp , called "  The Maidens , " under Barnard 's supervision . She and other congregants said the girls got up early , sewed , cooked and cleaned . "  Everything that a wife would do , they did for him , " Johnson said . Barnard proclaimed he was Christ on Earth . "  He taught that in the Bible , the church was the bride of Christ and because he was Christ in the flesh , the church was supposed to be married to him , " Tornambe said . "  At that time , I did n't really understand the fullness of what it meant . " The complaint filed in Minnesota says Tornambe alleges she was sexually abused by Barnard from the ages of 13 to 22 while she and her parents were members of River Road Fellowship . She told investigators the group of 10 young girls and women were known as Alamoths , or maidens . Her group was sent to what she thought was a summer camp , the document says . Tornambe told investigators Barnard sexually assaulted her one to three times a month until she left in 2010 to be with her parents , who had moved to Pennsylvania . In fall 2011 , Tornambe was contacted by another former maiden who shared a similar story : She said she was molested by Barnard from the time she was 12 until she was 20 , although she said the number of sexual acts varied each month . Tornambe and the other woman went to the police in Minnesota . Barnard had moved to Washington state after an admission to affairs with married women caused the religious group to split , the complaint says . The ministry operated in a secluded area of Pine County from about 2000 until 2011 or 2012 , Chief Deputy Steven Blackwell of the county sheriff 's office told CNN last year . The fellowship left the property shortly after a new sheriff was elected and began investigating the ministry , Blackwell said . Afterward , The Salvation Army started running a family camp there . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Victor Barnard is accused of 59 counts of sexual assault on two young girls He was a preacher of a religious group that had a camp in Minnesota
Washington  CNN  -- To the pile of accusations against the IRS , now add one of the first opinions by a nonpartisan official that the agency went outside the law . That conclusion on Tuesday from the official responsible for managing historically important U.S. records came at a congressional hearing during which Republicans also tried to widen the spotlight of IRS scandal to include the White House . David Ferriero , who heads the National Archives and Records Administration , told a House panel that the IRS "  did not follow the law " when it failed to tell his agency about the loss of emails belonging to former IRS official Lois Lerner . The Lerner emails are of particularly high-interest because she was the most senior manager so far connected to IRS targeting of tea party and other political groups . Lerner retired last year and has refused to testify before Congress , exercising her constitutional right not to do so . The House has charged her with contempt as a result and her lack of testimony has frustrated Republican investigators . Over a week ago , the IRS revealed that Lerner 's hard drive crashed in 2011 , destroying thousands of emails and documents . The agency insists it has retrieved some 24,000 of the missing emails by checking the accounts of other IRS employees who corresponded with Lerner . Republicans have pounced on the technical aspects of the crash as well as on whether the IRS followed federal records keeping law by not having a better backup system to retain electronic information . Those laws also require agencies to notify the archives of any loss of official records . Tuesday 's hearing before the House Oversight Committee followed a contentious session on Monday night during which the panel grilled agency commissioner John Koskinen . In questioning before the panel on Tuesday , Ferriero told lawmakers that Lerner 's emails were certainly federal records -- either temporary or permanent . And he said the IRS has yet to report the loss of the hard drive and the emails to his agency . "  Did they break the law ? " Rep. Tim Walberg , a Michigan Republican , asked . "  I 'm not a lawyer , " Ferriero answered . "  Can we safely assume they broke the law ? " Walberg followed . "  They did not follow the law , " Ferriero concluded . White House official testifies The IRS has maintained that it did not realize the full extent of the hard drive crash until late April or early May . Koskinen testified the IRS waited to tell Congress because it was trying to retrieve and reconstruct what information it could at first . The same hearing included testimony from White House attorney Jennifer O'Connor , who worked at the IRS from May to November of 2013 . Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa subpoenaed O'Connor after the White House initially said that she left the IRS before the agency knew about the hard drive crash and could not offer any meaningful testimony . She agreed to appear following the subpoena . That set up immediate tension , as the California Republican opened his questioning by accusing O'Connor of being a hostile witness , demanding quick yes or no answers . "  I 'm definitely not hostile , " she answered in an almost gentle voice , stressing that she was eager to cooperate and ultimately sparking Issa to say the term "  hostile " was not accurate . As the White House foretold , she shed no light on the Lerner hard drive crash . But O'Connor did give one of the most detailed public descriptions yet of how the IRS initially responded to the congressional investigations into the tea party targeting . Tedious process She laid out a tedious five-step process to find and collect tens of thousands of emails , for which the agency was unprepared at first . "  The IRS ' material is protected with careful encryption , " O'Connor said . "  So it needs to be processed before it can be reviewed . They have to load it and flatten it and then decrypt it . ... Then , they would run the  search  terms that the congressional committees had identified over the material and once that was done and the material was viewable , they would move it over into a review tool . " O'Connor said that then acting IRS Commissioner Dan Werfel was emphatic in directing that the agency turn over documents as fully and quickly as possible in response to congressional requests . But when she arrived , O'Connor saw an IRS that did not have the resources in place for such an operation . "  We  needed  to add people because the IRS had never encountered anything like this , " O'Connor told the panel . "  We did n't have the staff in place to do this kind of document review production . " She added that the agency also had to add significant server capacity to handle the requests . "  I think the record of the IRS reflects very very hard work to produce the documents , " O'Connor concluded . IRS blasted over lost hard drive , but no apology from agency chief Key questions about the controversy	House committee conducts another hearing on IRS targeting controversy National Archives official says the IRS failed to tell his agency about lost emails IRS lost two years ' worth of e-mails from former administrator Lois Lerner
Madrid  CNN  -- Inspired by the deadly Columbine school shooting , a Spanish man purchased more than 300 pounds of explosive materials as part of an alleged plan to massacre university students , authorities said Thursday . Instead , Spanish police , who had been tracking him for five months , descended on his home Wednesday morning and arrested the 21-year-old just as he received the potentially deadly materials he had ordered off the Internet , according to authorities . They seized 140 kilograms of the materials . Police arrested the man in Palma de Mallorca , not too far from the University of the Balearic Islands , where they say he planned his attack . Mallorca is one of Spain 's Balearic Islands , off its southeastern coast in the Mediterranean Sea . Police have not released the suspect 's name , but they say he was a student at another educational center where he studied business administration . Although they believe he planned his attack at the University of the Balearic Islands , he had sent a threatening letter to his school , a police statement said . Documents taken from his home , including his personal diary , indicated he wanted to imitate the 1999 U.S. massacre that left 15 dead at a high school in Columbine , Colorado , according to police . "  He showed a hatred for society , especially for university students , and his decision to strategically place pipe bombs filled with shrapnel on the university campus , " according to the police statement , referring to the documents seized from the suspect 's home . "  He also admitted the hypothesis of suicide while carrying out the massacre , " the statement added . Police began investigating the suspect five months ago after detecting Internet messages alluding to the Columbine massacre . "  The suspect showed a sympathy " for the two men who carried out the Columbine attack , the statement said . His blog included sections showing that he knew how to make bombs , displaying the same musical tastes as the Columbine killers , describing his interest in weapons and mentioning "  social isolation that led to situations of feeling left on the sidelines at school , " the statement said . Read more : Nothing the same after Columbine , say students , teachers The suspect sought to acquire weapons illegally and later applied for a license to legally possess weapons , a document that is hard to get in Spain . The application was rejected . Police tracked his subsequent efforts to acquire the explosive materials through the Internet before arresting him Wednesday . The suspect "  is not part of any political party or association , " according to Teresa Palmer , a central government representative in the Balearic Islands . She called it "  a completely isolated event " and encouraged citizens to remain calm . Complete coverage : Theater shooting in Aurora Read more : Norway killer Anders Breivik ruled sane , given 21-year prison term	Police began investigating man 5 months ago after Internet messages about Columbine Police tracked his efforts to acquire explosive materials via the Internet Suspect arrested Wednesday as he received the materials at his home , police say In his personal diary , "  he showed a hatred for society , " police say
CNN  -- Hours after being released from jail , a man walked through an emergency door at San Diego International Airport , onto the tarmac and sat down on a United Express plane Tuesday , according to San Diego authorities . "  He completely bypassed TSA screening , " San Diego Harbor Police Chief John Bolduc said . "  He was in a public area and went out an emergency fire door , which gave him access to the tarmac . " Marc Duncan , 38 , was paroled from jail Monday night , according to San Diego County Sheriff 's Department records . He had been serving time for theft . After it was opened , the emergency door alarm sounded , and Bolduc said police were on site in four minutes , but by then Duncan had blended in with other passengers . He allegedly boarded a 30-seat United Express aircraft operated by SkyWest , which was heading to Los Angeles , according to airline spokesman Wes Horrocks . The flight attendant realized she had too many passengers , Nicholas Blasgen , a passenger on the plane told CNN affiliate KGTV . "  They said , ` What is your count ? ' She said this is my count , and they said that is wrong . " The passengers got off the plane and their luggage was searched . "  They had us put all the bags out , they separated the bags by enough distance and had the dog go over everything , " Blasgen said . Duncan was identified and arrested . He is being held in the San Diego jail and is scheduled to be in court Thursday . "  I still ca n't , in the world , understand how this happened , " Blasgen said . "  It sounds like they just have lax security or not enough management . Something was going wrong . " The Harbor Police chief said they will examine this incident and find out where to make security improvements . "  The guy did breach security , but he was caught , " Bolduc said . "  We have multiple layers of security built into our airports , as you know , and the backup systems were able to catch this guy . " "  Security of airports is a shared responsibility , and airports and airlines are required to adhere to TSA-approved security standards . " TSA spokeswoman Sterling Payne said in a statement . "  TSA has initiated an investigation and if necessary , will take appropriate action . " CNN 's Todd Sperry contributed to this report .	Hours after leaving jail , man boards plane with no ticket Police say he bypassed TSA and went out an emergency exit Passenger says everyone left the plane , bags were searched before man was found
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Launching a show at San Diego Comic-Con can be a risky business , but sometimes it pays off . "  Lost , " "  Heroes " and "  Glee " all went on to spectacular first seasons after panels at Comic-Con . AMC 's "  The Walking Dead " seems like it might benefit the most from Comic-Con , with an audience that already knows the show 's title from the comic book on which it 's based . An extremely creepy display promoting the series , with two bloody bodies and words scrawled on a wall in blood , greeted many Con-goers on the floor . This is the network 's way of letting fans know that they do n't intend to hold back on the violence and gore . It 's just one example of how this year , more than ever , the networks are hoping to build buzz around their new shows , as well as keep or grow the audience for established ones . To do that , they try to give the fans what they want . "  I think fans want to meet the cast and creators , and they want a bit of inside information , " said Lisa Gregorian , chief marketing officer of Warner Bros. . Television  which is owned by Time Warner , owner of CNN  . "  All fans are looking for a unique , fun experience with the shows they love . " Warner certainly made its presence known , with free bags promoting many of their shows handed out to fans as they registered . USA Network , SyFy and Showtime were also ubiquitous . Shows such as "  Eureka " and "  Burn Notice " were being promoted in a variety of ways outside the convention , including a takeover of a nearby restaurant . Showtime plastered ads all over buses in San Diego . Inside , it held a panel for four of its shows , including "  Dexter , " which is extremely popular at Comic-Con . One thing that ca n't miss at Comic-Con is free food , and Fox served up free burgers and soda on behalf of the upcoming animated series "  Bob 's Burgers . " Then there 's the low-key approach ; of course , low-key at Comic-Con means driving through town with a bullhorn . HBO did this to promote the return of "  Eastbound and Down . " "  No Ordinary Family , " about a family given superhero powers , gave attendees the chance to "  lift " a car themselves . Stars Julie Benz and Michael Chiklis showed the pilot as well , and Benz talked to the media about this change in tone after the extremely dark "  Dexter . " "  For me , it 's just the perfect marriage of genres , and I 'm ready to explore more of the lighter side , " she said . Chiklis , with his background as The Thing in the "  Fantastic Four " movies , was asked about playing another superhero . "  I just think it 's a huge genre , there 's so much room to grow . Just look at Comic-Con , it 's like Vegas , " he said . "  I 'm happy to do a show that blends genres . " Of course , there are shows that are already perennial favorites at the convention , such as "  True Blood , " which had ads plastered all over the convention center . And there 's "  Chuck , " which once again wowed the fans with the fictional band from the show , Jeffster , doing a music video of Lady Gaga 's "  Bad Romance . " The crowd also cheered at the announcement that Linda Hamilton would be playing Chuck 's mother . Stars Zachary Levi and Joshua Gomez were in rare form talking to the media . They riffed on the power of the internet to keep "  Chuck " on the air and the upcoming season . Levi said that much of what was said at the panel was a surprise to him . " ` Old Spice Guy ' as a guest star ? News to me , " he said . Nicole Richie who guest-starred in season one , will also reprise her character . Now that Chuck 's best friend , sister and brother-in-law are in on his spy secrets , what about Jeffster ? "  I kind of like that we kind of operate around the spy world , inadvertent , " said Vik Sahay , who plays the Lester half of the duo . "  I 'd like to see more of us accidentally helping out . " One show with something to prove was NBC 's "  The Event , " which showed the pilot to an audience that came away seeming fairly impressed . Of course , even the meaning of the show 's title still remains a mystery . The producers and cast were n't able to provide many more clues , aside from what was presented in the pilot , which involves  spoiler alert !  some mysterious detainees trying to win their freedom and a shocking ending . "  That moment at the end , I was like , ` what the heck was going on ? ' " said actor Ian Anthony Dale . "  I just wanted the chance to read for it , and it was a dream come true . " The mystery continues to build around the show , but the biggest mystery of all may be whether this show , like the other new offerings for the season , will catch on . If so , they can look forward to a triumphant return like "  Chuck " and "  True Blood . "	"  Lost , " "  Heroes , " "  Glee " all went on to spectacular first seasons after panels at Comic-Con Fox serves up free burgers , soda on behalf of upcoming animated series "  Bob 's Burgers " NBC 's "  The Event " debuts to audience that came away seeming fairly impressed
CNN  -- A World War II German U-boat , sunk during the Battle of the Atlantic more than 72 years ago , has been discovered off the coast of North Carolina , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced Tuesday . The German sub , the U-576 , was found at the bottom of the Atlantic 30 miles off Cape Hatteras and just 240 yards from an American merchant ship , the merchant tanker Bluefields , which was part of a 24-ship U.S. convoy heading from Virginia to Key West , Florida , on July 14 , 1942 . "  This is not just the discovery of a single shipwreck , " said Joe Hoyt , chief scientist of NOAA 's Office of Marine Sanctuaries expedition , which found the vessels . "  We have discovered an important battle site that is part of the Battle of the Atlantic . These two ships rest only a few hundred yards apart and together help us interpret and share their forgotten stories . " The story of U-576 is the more tragic of the two wrecks . Bluefields did not sustain any casualties during the sinking , but all 45 crew of the U-boat were lost . Commanding U-576 that July day was Kapitanleutnant Hans-Dieter Heinicke . According to documents from the Monitor National Marine Sanctuary , where the wrecks rest , Heinicke had radioed back to commanders in occupied France on July 13 to say the U-boat was damaged and heading back to Germany after a month-long patrol without success against Allied shipping . A U-boat and its American prey haunt Gulf of Mexico As U-576 began that journey home , it ran across convoy KS-520 , with 19 merchant vessels and five escorts , on the afternoon of July 14 , according to the documents . Heinicke , who was on his fifth U-boat patrol with relatively little success against Allied shipping , saw a chance for redemption . "  In spite of his damaged ship , Heinicke decided to attack at all costs , " a history from the sanctuary reads . "  However , at 4:00 pm just before he could fire his torpedoes , one of the Coast Guard cutters picked up a sonar contact . The Coast Guard crew dropped three depth charges , followed by five more 10 minutes later . " But Heinicke pressed his attack , firing off four torpedoes about 4:15 p.m. "  The U-576 sank the Nicaraguan-flagged freighter Bluefields and severely damaged two other ships . In response , U.S. Navy Kingfisher aircraft , which provided the convoy 's air cover , bombed U-576 while the merchant ship Unicoi attacked it with its deck gun , " the NOAA release reads . The sub sank in minutes . Two NOAA research vessels , the Okeanos Explorer and SRVX Sand Tiger , participated in the search for the wrecks , which were found and verified in August , NOAA said . The wreck site is considered a war grave and protected by international law . "  Few people realize how close the war actually came to America 's shores , " David Alberg , superintendent of NOAA 's Monitor National Marine Sanctuary , said in a statement . "  As we learn more about the underwater battlefield , Bluefields and U-576 will provide additional insight into a relatively little-known chapter in American history . " Zeroing in on what caused Civil War submarine 's sinking	German U-576 attacked convoy off Cape Hatteras in 1942 U-boat sank tanker Bluefields , but was sunk by Allied planes , ship Wrecks rest 240 yards apart on bottom of Atlantic
A suspected Islamic militant who was detained in Afghanistan in 2001 , imprisoned at the U.S. detention center in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , but later acquitted at trial in Spain , is again facing a trial in Madrid on new charges . The suspect , Moroccan national Lahcen Ikassrien , has been indicted , along with 14 other suspected militants , on charges of recruiting and sending militants to help ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria . Investigating magistrate Pablo Ruz at Spain 's National Court , which handles terrorism cases , issued the indictments on Tuesday , which were made public Thursday , and CNN viewed a copy . Ikassrien , who is in his late 40s , was arrested last June in Madrid , where he lives . He is the suspected "  charismatic leader of the organization , " and was "  the determining factor " for recruits , providing them with "  cover and international contacts , " Judge Ruz wrote . The Madrid-based cell had contacts with militants in Syria , Egypt , Tunisia , Morocco , France and Belgium , the magistrate alleges in a 102-page indictment order , which sets the case for trial before a panel of judges . No trial date has been set . In 2003 , a different judge at the National Court , in a separate indictment , repeatedly cited Ikassrien and said he had been recruited earlier to go to Afghanistan by a Syrian-born man , Imad Eddin Barakat Yarkas , who was later convicted of being al Qaeda 's leader in Spain . After Ikassrien 's capture in Afghanistan by U.S. forces in 2001 , he was sent to Guantanamo , but then extradited to Spain in 2005 . He was acquitted in 2006 of charges he was a member of a terrorist group . At trial he had argued that he was tortured while a prisoner at Guantanamo . In this case , Ikassrien and the 14 other defendants are charged with membership in a terrorist group . If convicted , they face up to 12 years in prison , the judge wrote . Spain 's interior minister said earlier this year that about 50 militants have left Spain to assist ISIS , or ISIL , the extremist group that refers to itself as the Islamic State . Security officials have expressed particular concern about these or other Islamic militant fighters returning from combat zones to Spain and other Western countries , and potentially carrying out attacks .	Lahcen Ikassrien has been indicted , along with 14 other suspected militants They are charged with recruiting and sending militants to help ISIS Indictment calls Ikassrien the "  charismatic leader " of Madrid-based group He was acquitted in 2006 , having argued that he was tortured at Guantanamo
PADUCAH , Kentucky  CNN  -- Defense attorneys hoping to save former U.S. soldier Steven Green from the death penalty presented witnesses Thursday who described Green 's childhood as troubled and stressful . Former U.S. soldier Steven Green has been convicted of raping and killing a 14-year-old Iraqi girl . Green was convicted last week in U.S. District Court in Kentucky of murder , rape , conspiracy and obstruction of justice . A jury found Green guilty of raping a 14-year-old girl , then killing her and setting her body on fire to destroy evidence . Green also was found guilty of killing the girl 's parents and 6-year-old sister . He could become the first former U.S. soldier to get the death penalty for war crimes before a civilian court , where he was tried because he had been discharged from the military before his crimes came to light . Four other former soldiers are in prison for their roles in the crimes and the cover-up that followed . Testimony in the sentencing phase focused Thursday on Green 's early years , with witnesses describing him as the middle child of a dysfunctional west Texas family , unwanted by his mother and routinely beaten to the point of injury by his older brother . Clinical social worker Jan Vogelsang , testifying for the defense , said she interviewed the defendant 's immediate relatives and studied his family history . Vogelsang characterized Green as the attention-starved second son among three siblings . Family members told her that he "  became the child that was odd and different , " she said . According to Vogelsang , Green 's mother , Roxanne , worked at a bar for most of his early years in the town of Midland , Texas . His mother jokingly called him "  demon spawn " throughout his childhood , while she referred to his older brother as "  the golden child , " Vogelsang said . "  She often repeated that had Steven been born in Colonial times , she would be able to take him outside the village and stone him , " Vogelsang said . His parents split up by the time Green was 4 . After he moved from Midland with his mother and her new husband , he was diagnosed with attention-deficit disorder at 9 and put on an anti-depressant drug , Vogelsang said , adding that she questioned whether his mother properly administered the medication . She noted that Green 's standardized test scores reflected a bright child with "  considerable intellectual ability . " But she said Green 's mother had no interest in parenting and it fell to Green 's older brother to take on the role of disciplinarian . Three years older and significantly bigger , the brother once beat Steven Green to the point ` his head swelled like a pumpkin , " according to testimony . Vogelsang pointed out that Green appeared to respond well to the discipline of military life . His family members at the time noted "  he was a changed man " in the Army . After returning from Iraq , Green lived with various relatives . A cousin , Suzi Woolsey , testified that Green briefly stayed with her . His appearance after returning from the war was shocking , she said . He was thin and his eyes had sunk into his head . He had few clothes , ate little and spent much of the week at her house watching late-night television . He played with her 2-year-old daughter , Woolsey said , and Woolsey recounted a trip to visit Green in jail after his arrest . Her daughter , by then 3 , went with her and , when they met , Green was wearing shackles . The child asked about the restraints , and Green told her , "  Well , I run really , really fast , " Woolsey said . The trial resumes Monday in the U.S. District Court of western Kentucky .	Steven Green faces death penalty for rape of Iraqi teen , murder of her and family Defense calls witnesses who recount Green 's troubled and stressful childhood Testimony : Mother called him "  demon child " and older brother beat him savagely Green diagnosed with attention-deficit disorder at 9 , put on anti-depressant
EW.com  -- Alison Sweeney -- who has spent 21 years in NBC daytime playing the popular character Sami Brady -- will leave "  Days of Our Lives . " Sweeney announced her decision on "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show " Tuesday . The 5 best critic vs. celeb fights at TCA "  I 'm celebrating my 21st year ... and I decided that it 's going to be my last year with the show , " she says . "  I have worked so much , and my daughter just turned 5 and my son is 9 , and I just want to be with them . " The actress is expected to leave the sudser at the end of the season . Sweeney first joined the soap in 1993 and went on to win a special fan award from the Daytime Emmys in 2002 . She also moonlights as host on "  The Biggest Loser " and has authored books like "  All the Days of My Life  So Far  " and "  The Star Attraction . " See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Alison Sweeney will leave "  Days of Our Lives " at the end of the season She 's played Sami Brady for 21 years Sweeney announced her decision on "  Ellen " Sweeney says she just wants to be with her kids
EW.com  -- Does invoking the mighty name of "  Avatar " to describe the pleasures of "  Mars Needs Moms " sound presumptuous ? Hear me out : "  Avatar " is a great , myth-minded adventure about a human guy able to project himself into the beatifically peaceful world of the Na ` vi from Pandora . Despite an earthbound script , the movie , with its computer-generated imagery and 3-D effects , is visually magnificent , proudly so . Also long . In a parallel universe , "  Mars Needs Moms " is a great , jaunty adventure about an unruly kid named Milo  Seth Green , the right guy for the job  who had no plans to go to Mars but finds himself there anyway . He 's been inadvertently scooped up by the same alien kidnappers who made off with his mother  Joan Cusack , custom-fit  to plunder her maternal DNA for child-rearing tips .  Martian surveillance has verified that Milo 's mom is good at nagging her boy to take out the trash . Enhanced by nimble ad-libbing from the comedy-trained cast , the screenplay is delightful , by turns funny and emotional , as befits a Disney family fable in which , through wacky adversity , Mom and kid reaffirm their love for each other while Dad is nowhere in sight .  He 's not dead , just away on business . And with its splendid use of computer-generated motion-capture animation and 3-D effects , the movie is also visually magnificent -- modestly so . Plus , it 's half the length of "  Avatar . " I do n't know why performance-capture moviemaking -- the kind pioneered in "  The Polar Express " and "  A Christmas Carol " by Robert Zemeckis , who also produced "  Mars Needs Moms " -- has n't received more applause . Thanks to its unique ability to blend both animate and inanimate subjects in one magical landscape , it may be the technology-based artistic medium best suited to 3-D projects . More on movies from EW.com Certainly it 's the right way to go when visiting the Mars of this cool story , a wittily conceived planet of curvy female soldiers and sidelined males , ruled by a splendidly screechy old crone called the Supervisor .  She 's voiced by Austin Powers ' excellent Frau Farbissina herself , Mindy Sterling . Milo , by the way , would be dead on the Red Planet without the help of a fellow human who calls himself Gribble  slam-dunk excitability from Dan Fogler  . Another dude whose mom was picked up for Martian study years ago , Gribble is a chatterbox , a slob with a big heart , and a resourceful geek who lends Milo a weight belt so the boy does n't waft away in zero gravity . Personally , I cared more about him than I did about Jake Sully in "  Avatar . " But who says you have to choose ? EW.com rating : A -- See the original article on EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Mars Needs Moms " is a great , jaunty adventure about an unruly kid named Milo Screenplay is delightful , by turns funny and emotional 3-D technology blend sboth animate and inanimate subjects in one magical landscape
CNN  -- Our surroundings are changing rapidly . Against a backdrop of serious concerns about the Eurozone , projecting labor market activity can be particularly tough . However , changing patterns of employment by occupation are largely dominated by longer-term trends rather than the cyclical position of the economy . To understand the natural evolution of the jobs market -- industries and career paths that are becoming extinct versus those that are advancing through a process of natural selection -- the jobs landscape needs to be viewed in the context of the most influential macro-trends . Below are some of the careers that are thriving and dying due to the changing technological , economic , social and business landscape . Dying careers Postal service workers  including sorters , clerks and mail carriers The industry has had a tough time since the widespread adoption of email stole a large part of its consumer and business market share . Increased communication via phone and cloud computing is another contributory factor , but the main reason for the decline is that mail sorting is becoming automated , with robots replacing people . In the United States , the Bureau of Labor Statistics  BLS  has predicted a further 30 % decline in the occupation by 2018 . In fact , three of the top 10 occupations with the highest projected declines are a type of postal service worker . The U.S. service has already lost $ 11.6 billion this fiscal year . According to another report by Accenture research , from 2008 - 2009 Poste Italiane registered a 9.9 % drop in its postal product volume in response to the increasing digitalization of mail . The amount of volume decline clearly made it more difficult to run a profitable business and will make it even more difficult in the future . Office and administrative workers  particularly data entry clerks Revolutions in technology also continue to cause profound changes in the office and administrative market . Although it was hard-hit by the recession , the industry had in fact already been declining for years due to technological advancement boosting productivity and operational efficiency . Word processing , voicemail and the internet all make it easier for skilled professionals to do clerical work themselves . With companies focused on cutting costs , secretaries and file clerks are no longer in demand . In the U.S. alone , word processors and typists are slated to lose 13,200 jobs by 2020 and data entry clerks are expected to lose 15,900 according to the BLS . The European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training also estimated demand for occupations such as office clerks will decline by an average one million jobs by 2020 across Europe . Manufacturing assembly jobs In many developed economies manufacturing assembly jobs that require modest training and only a secondary school education are a thing of the past . In the Unied Kingdom specifically , 400,000 manual jobs are forecast to disappear before 2020 , reducing the combined employment share of these occupations from 18 % to 16 % . However , the industry does need people to manage the technology now running automated processes . As a result , higher skilled occupations , including managers , professionals and associate professional roles are projected to rise significantly by 2020 . Telemarketing and door-to-door sales This type of sales is no longer efficient and has been replaced with internet and television advertising . In the United States , for example , door-to-door sales and telemarketer positions are expected to decline 15 % and 11 % respectively by 2018 . Thriving careers Data scientists According to IBM , every day we create 2.5 quintillion bytes of data  $ " so much that 90 % of the data in the world today has been created in the last two years alone . This data comes from everywhere : sensors used to gather climate information , posts to social media sites , digital pictures and videos , purchase transaction records , mobile phone GPS signals and so on . With technological innovation meaning that more data is now shared and stored by businesses , it follows that the result of a data explosion -- combined with a need to leverage the data effectively to drive a competitive edge -- creates its own tidal wave in the jobs market . Data and information management is a huge growth area . But it 's not just data management creating new job opportunities , its gathering , analyzing , storing and securing the data as well . Research and design managers , particularly in engineering Increased automation is the result of a need to reduce cost , which in turn is driven by a company 's need to become more competitive and grow market share -- a trend accelerated by pressures felt by the difficult economic situation . These improved efficiencies support profitability and overall business growth , which spur recruitment demands . In the United Kingdom alone , manufacturing output growth is projected to average around 2.5 % per annum , with particular growth in R&D - related industries , such as parts of chemicals and engineering . Computer programmers and network administrators One key misperception among industry watchers is that technology advancements results largely in the death of career opportunities . This is simply not the case . Instead of killing jobs , technological advances are changing the nature of the roles available . Computer programmers and network administrators are just two examples of roles in the IT sector that are seeing significant growth across the globe . Medical assistants There have been significant changes in the management of healthcare services , both in the United States and across Europe . As a result , more middle management positions have become available . In America , the Department of Labor projects 162,900 new positions will be added before 2018 . In Europe in particular there is also likely to be significant growth in community and clinical nursing roles . Where to go from here The key to navigating this evolving jobs market is to follow the premise of Darwin 's own theory of evolution and be as versatile and adaptable as possible while career paths are naturally selected to align with the changing surroundings . By monitoring and understanding the major trends that are affecting our global economy , our businesses and our lives , savvy industry watchers are able to shape their skill set and career in line with the key influences driving long-term opportunities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan Townsend .	Technological advances are changing the jobs market , says Alan Townsend Postal service has been hit by new technologies and increased automation Data and information management is a huge growth area , he says Townsend says key to navigating the jobs market is to be versatile and adaptable
CNN  -- Each summer , more than 50,000 people pour into a cobblestone square in Tuscany for a gut-wrenching 90-seconds . That 's all it takes for the flamboyantly dressed jockeys of Italy 's legendary horse race -- Palio di Siena -- to race bareback around the medieval square . It 's been called the "  most dangerous horse race in the world " -- about as far away as you can get from the genteel green lawns of Britain 's Royal Ascot or the multimillion prize money bestowed on America 's Kentucky Derby . Now as the dust settles on this year 's colorful Palio di Siena , CNN takes a look at five weird and wonderful horse festivals from across the world . Palio di Siena , Italy On two days each year , the pretty town of Siena in northern Tuscany is transformed into an elaborate medieval race track , with 10 riders careering around the iconic city square three times . Dating back to the 17th century , each rider represents their local neighborhood , competing not just for the coveted victory banner -- but good luck for the coming year . Luminarias Festival , Spain Fire and horses may seem like an unlikely combination , but that 's exactly the dramatic scene which takes place in a small town in central Spain each year . Horse are ridden over blazing tree branches as part of the Luminaries Festival in San Bartolome de Pinares , in an effort to purify and protect the animals . The controversial tradition , which has been criticized by animal welfare groups , dates back 500 years and is held on the eve of Saint Anthony 's Day . Watch : From camel racing to prized jockey White Turf , Switzerland From fiery Spain to snowy Switzerland -- there 's not a bonfire in sight at the glitzy White Turf racing carnival , held on the frozen Lake St Moritz . The remarkable competition includes skijoring , where horses thunder around the icy track while their riders hold on for dear life to a harness at the back , trailing behind on skis . In such extreme weather -- around -20 C -- fur coats are the order of the day for the champagne-sipping spectators who are perhaps better known for their luxury lifestyles than racing tips . Pasola Festival , Indonesia The glitz and glam of snow-capped St Moritz could n't be further from the spear-wielding horsemen of Indonesia 's annual Pasola Festival . The fierce festival -- held on the island of Sumba -- sees two teams go head-to-head on elaborately decorated horses , throwing blunt spears at each other as part of an ancient ritual battle . It is believed that every drop of blood spilled will bring a good harvest . Soma-Nomaoi Festival , Japan If you like your ancient festivals a little less violent , there 's the 1,000-year-old Soma-Nomaoi wild horse chase in central Japan . The three-day festival sees samurai horsemen compete in different challenges -- from racing over a one kilometer track to battling over sacred flags . Dressed in extravagant armor , helmets , and carrying swords , the fantastical warriors appear to have stepped straight out from the 10th Century .	As the dust settles on Italy 's Palio de Siena , CNN looks at wild horse festivals Includes fire leaping in Spain and samurai battles in Japan A world away from traditional races such as Royal Ascot or Kentucky Derby Some ancient horse shows date back to 10th Century
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Fish tanks , financial markets and the future of the world 's climate came together at the third Principal Voices debate of 2008 in Chicago . The Principal Voices discussed climate change against the backdrop of the Shedd Aquarium , Chicago . In the tranquil and slightly surreal aquatic setting of the city 's Shedd Aquarium , the panelists and audience members plunged into the problems of climate change , their solutions and ultimately why there are still reasons to be cheerful . Despite the potentially catastrophic consequences of climate change , and the hammering the financial markets were receiving that very day , the panelists were able to find many reasons to be optimistic . From a growing consensus that climate change existed to the myriad opportunities we have to protect the environment , there were plenty of positives . In regards to fluctuating fortunes of the global economy , that should not make us lose sight what is at stake ; "  it is just a distraction , " said Dr Rajendra Pachauri , his face projected onto a giant screen , beamed into the room via video link from Mumbai . See photos of the event " It will cause a period of introspection and worry , he said to the audience and fellow panelists , but the results would ultimately be positive and a new system would emerge . The good news , said Dr Carl Hodges , was that , perversely , the situation around climate was so terrible that it was raising awareness from all quarters . Reconnecting people with how their everyday lives impact the environment was one challenge that both Alexandra Cousteau and Suzanne Malec-McKenna , the other panelists , were working towards in different ways . As Chicago 's Environment Commissioner , Malec-McKenna is working at the sharp end of balancing policy with the real practicalities of managing a city and transforming its environment , and its citizens ' attitudes . Adding some political noise and bite to proceedings , she championed the latest climate initiative by Chicago and continued the upbeat tone . Could the city 's green policy , and world in general , afford an economic recession , asked co-host Stephanie Mehta . It 's all about re-thinking , replied Malec-McKenna . "  Maybe people will hunker up rather than hunker down . " Give people the opportunity to see new ways to do business and look at the assets rather than the liability , she continued , and a new energy infrastructure would follow . Pachauri called it a "  silent revolution , " and one that people across the world would follow . But , they need some form of leadership , he cautioned , otherwise , "  the positive forces of human energy could be misleading and we could have another cyclical problem . " Where that leadership could come from was also debated . Shell 's president , Marvin E. Odum , was invited to comment on whether business could be a big driver for change . He said he believed that ultimately it is government and policy that drive the pace of reform . With a suitable aquatic backdrop , Alexandra Cousteau , granddaughter of legendary French explorer Jacques-Yves Cousteau , championed the emergence of shared values that crossed nations , political persuasion and culture , forming a groundswell of new environmentalism . It might not provide new leaders , but she believed just as important was the promotion of ways that people across the world could participate to negate climate change and preserve ecosystems . The challenges could seem overwhelming , said Cousteau , but Malec-McKenna added that there are a great number of global networks open to people to take action and make even the smallest changes to their lifestyle . Changing the ways in which many of us lead our lives was a tacitly agreed point , and just as important as technological advances . Innovations from operations such a Dr Hodges ' Seawater Foundation have the potential to be revolutionary , although some in the audience were happy to debate the importance of his and other solutions in the discussions that took place after panel debate . What made the panelists so optimistic , asked CNN 's Jim Clancy , echoing a question from CNN.com reader Sabrina Shaw Cannabrava . For Hodges , it was that his work that brings him and others joy ; for Cousteau , it was the excitement of being part of the adventure to preserve and understand more about our planet ; for Pachauri , it was the momentum that was building ; while for Malec-McKenna , it was the possibility of a new economy . All different , but ultimately all on the same path . We 'll be posting more from the debate , including audience reaction and the highlights from the discussions very soon . Have your say -- email Principal Voices by filling out the form on the front page . Or "  Sound Off " below .	Principal Voices panelists discuss ways world can address climate change Of current economic turmoil , IPCC Chief Pachauri says "  it 's just a distraction " Panelists include sea campaigner Alexandra Cousteau and Dr Carl Hodges Panel agree small lifestyle changes are just as important as new technology
CNN  Endless dunes , scrubby vegetation , camels . Dubai seems to have contemplated the kinds of things you 'd expect to find in a desert and responded : irrigate ! And so it has , planting not only botanical gardens but record-breaking botanical gardens , ski slopes complete with penguins  no , not a mirage  and dozens of greens , fairways and golfing water hazards . The secret ? Well , desalinated water provides some of the countless gallons of water needed to realize these dreams but another source is somewhat dirtier . 45 million flowers It takes a lot of water to maintain any kind of garden in the desert -- but imagine trying to keep 45 million flowers in bloom . That 's the task for the team behind Dubai Miracle Garden , a seven-hectare attraction that opened in February in the sands just outside the city limits . Visitors are confronted with a riot of colorful -- some would say gaudy -- patterned flower beds , creative vertical displays and manicured lawns . With precipitation such a rarity in Dubai -- it falls on fewer than 25 days a year , on average -- the plants are kept hydrated using waste water and a drip irrigation system . A butterfly garden is next on the cards here and , this being Dubai , there are already world records to boast of -- the longest  800 meters  wall of flowers , the world 's biggest flower clock and the tallest flower pyramid . An effort not to be sneezed at . Dubai Miracle Garden : Al Barsha South 3 , Barsha/Dubailand ; +971 4 422 8902 ; general admission : $ 5.40 per adult . More : Best Dubai brunches : The good , the very good and the ` drunch ' Fairways and greens Golf should n't be a desert sport . While all that sand might be good for bunker practice , lush fairways sound rather fanciful . However , this is the UAE , which seems to have staked its reputation on creating real-life mirages . The emirate has more than 20 golf courses -- but how do they keep the greens green ? The answer 's dirtier than you might hope . "  We use treated sewage effluent for irrigation , " among other sources , says Mark Tupling , agronomy manager at Jumeirah Golf Estates . A hi-tech system "  deliver -LSB- s -RSB- the precise amount of water depending on topography , wind directions and soil conditions . " Jumeirah Golf Estates : Al Fay Road , Dubai ; +971 4 375 9999 ; 18 holes from around $ 100 at the cheapest visitor twilight rate . A wetland wilderness You 'll find birdies of a different kind , and a taste of wetland wilderness in an unexpected locale , at the Ras al Khor Wildlife Sanctuary on the northern edge of Dubai . Some 20,000 birds of 67 species make their home in these saline lagoons , which are fed by the Dubai Creek inlet and protected from the city 's ever-expanding urban development . Waders such as egrets , spoonbills and flamingos , as well as raptors including ospreys and greater spotted eagles , give a real feeling of wildness next to the ultra-urban environment of Dubai . Ras al Khor Wildlife Sanctuary : Al Khail Road , Ras al Khor , Dubai ; +971 4 606 6822 ; entrance is free but visitors must register at the Dubai Municipality website . More : Best falafel in Dubai -- and the woman behind it Penguins and snow Rather surreal , a small colony of 20 king and gentoo penguins recently took up residence in the emirate 's Ski Dubai attraction and can be observed marching across the artificial snow-covered slopes . Even without the penguins , a winter sports arena in the desert is more than a little incongruous . Occupying 25,000 sq meters of the huge Mall of the Emirates , the self-styled indoor ski resort opened in 2006 and boasts five separate runs , complete with chairlift and tow . Basically one giant refrigerator , temperatures are kept at -1 C during the day , then dip to -6 C at night when cooled water is blasted out of an overhead snow gun and turned into new snow . Ski Dubai : Mall of the Emirates , off Sheikh Zayed Road , Dubai ; +971 4 409 4000 . Two-hour ski passes cost $ 55 per adult . Full-day passes are $ 83 per adult . Penguin encounters from $ 40 . Fun runners Given that most advice for getting about in the desert around Dubai is to travel inside an air-conditioned 4x4 and not over-exert yourself for fear of heat stroke , the sight of a gaggle of runners pounding the outback highways is a strange one . Temperatures often exceeding 40C do not , however , deter participants in the Dubai Desert Road Run , a 10-kilometer race following empty asphalt roads through the dunes . Races are held around six times a year , including in August , when the race kicks off at 6 a.m. to avoid the worst of the summer heat . Dubai Desert Road Run , +971 4 420 6001 . Races start from The Sevens Stadium , Al Ain Road , Dubai . Entry fee for the 10-kilometer race : $ 22 ; three-kilometer fun run and junior race options also available . More : CNNGo in Dubai : The extravagant edition Water slides In times gone by , when Bedouin trekked across the Arabian desert in search of water sources , the thought of people floating down a nearby river on rubber rings , or riding an artificial wave on a boogie board , would have been considered the stuff of mirages . But now there are not one but four big water parks in the UAE -- Wild Wadi  +971 4 348 4444  and Aquaventure  +971 4 426 0000  in Dubai , Dreamland in Umm Al Quwain  +971 6 768 1888  , and Yas Waterworld in Abu Dhabi  +971 2 414 2000  . Each pumps millions of liters of desalinated seawater through dozens of rides each day for the entertainment of aqua-loving thrillseekers . At Wild Wadi , 600 gallons of water a minute surge through the white-knuckle Jumeirah Sceirah to propel riders down its steep slide at more than 80kph . Nicol Nicolson helped with research for this article .	Dubai Miracle Garden boasts around 45 million flowers in bloom "  Dirty " methods used to keep emirate golf greens immaculate A ski resort -- in Dubai ? With penguins ? And can a desert run be called fun ?
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- Remains found last week in a wooded area have been identified as belonging to missing Florida toddler Caylee Anthony , authorities said Friday . Caylee Anthony , 2 , had been missing since June in a case that has received national attention . The cause of the child 's death will be listed as homicide by undetermined means , said Jan Garavaglia , medical examiner for Orange County , Florida . She said she does not expect enough additional evidence to surface for that finding to be revised . The remains were identified through DNA testing , comparing a sample from the remains to a sample known to be from Caylee . Some of the remains had been sent to the FBI lab in Quantico , Virginia , for testing . The skull was found December 11 a half-mile from the home of Caylee 's grandparents , where the girl and her mother , Casey Anthony , 22 , lived before the girl disappeared . She was last seen in June . Casey Anthony faces charges including first-degree murder in the case . Watch a Nancy Grace video tribute to Caylee Anthony " Orange County Sheriff 's Capt. Angelo Nieves said Thursday that searchers at the site had found "  significant skeletal remains " since the discovery of the skull . A "  large percentage " of Caylee 's skeleton has been recovered , Garavaglia said Friday . The bones showed no sign of trauma before death . A child 's skeleton has many more bones than an adult 's , she said , and not all are fully developed . Some of the bones recovered are no larger than a pebble , she said . Watch the medical examiner discuss her findings " Garavaglia said the manner of Caylee 's death -- an opinion based on factors including an examination of the body and circumstantial evidence -- was determined to be homicide . Caylee 's grandmother Cindy Anthony was notified of the test results by the medical examiner 's office , Garavaglia said . Officials at the Orange County Corrections Department said Casey Anthony was notified of the results by a chaplain about 1:45 p.m. , per jail policy . One of Casey Anthony 's defense attorneys , Jose Garcia , entered the jail earlier , corrections officials said in a written statement . "  Due to happenstance , not policy , attorney Garcia was not in the presence of the inmate when the notification was made , " the statement said . "  We will not be commenting on the demeanor of inmate Anthony or her reaction to the news . " The Anthony family 's pastor , Thomas Shane Stutzman of Eastside Baptist Church , arrived at the jail about 2 p.m. but left 19 minutes later because Casey Anthony had refused his visit , as she was meeting with Garcia at the time , jail officials said . Casey Anthony could face a sentence of life in prison if convicted . Prosecutors said this month that they will not seek the death penalty against her . Garavaglia would not disclose specific information regarding the remains other than to say they were completely "  skeletonized . " Toxicology tests on the remains are pending , she said . "  Our number one priority from day one was to locate little Caylee Anthony , " Orange County Sheriff Kevin Beary said . "  We have stayed the course , and we will continue to do so until we have thoroughly completed our investigation into this tragedy . " The sheriff grew emotional while responding to a reporter 's question about the effect of the case on him personally . "  Having a kid ... I 've raised two girls , goodness gracious , " Beary said , his voice breaking . "  The bottom line is , no child should have to go through this . " The case has left an "  open wound " in the community , he said , but he thinks closure will not come until after trial . George and Cindy Anthony , Casey Anthony 's parents , did not give up hope that Caylee was still alive until they were notified of the test results , their attorney , Brad Conway , said Friday . He took no questions but read from a statement . "  They now know that their precious granddaughter is safe and hope that she will serve as the angel that protects thousands of missing children and their families , " he said , adding that the Anthonys want "  the same answers as everyone who has been assigned to investigate and prosecute this case " and will be available to authorities . "  As you can imagine , the Anthonys are grieving deeply over this loss , " he said . "  Please respect their privacy and understand they will stand together as a family in order to get through this . ... This is a tragic moment in the lives of good and honorable people . Please treat them respectfully so they can grieve with dignity over the loss of this precious child , Caylee Marie Anthony . " On Thursday , the sheriff 's office said that the utility worker who found the skull December 11 had called police three times -- August 11 , 12 and 13 -- regarding the site where the remains were found . That utility worker , Roy Kronk , came forward Friday . Reading from a statement , he said that "  back in August of this year , I previously reported to Crimeline and to the sheriff 's communications center that I had spotted something suspicious , a bag in the same area . " "  I have been and will continue to cooperate fully with the ongoing investigation by the sheriff 's office and the FBI , " Kronk said . He refused to provide details of what he saw at the site where the remains were found . Watch Kronk talk about his calls to police " His attorney , David Evans , said Kronk "  has no connection whatsoever to this case , has no connection whatsoever to the Anthony family or any of the proceedings that have gone on before . He is here as a concerned citizen and no more . Those who have specified to the contrary could not be more wrong . " Evans said Kronk was asking for privacy for his co-workers , who have been the subject of "  intrusive news-gathering activities . " Some of those colleagues , he said , "  protected his privacy and sacrificed their own in doing so . " Kronk will not be granting interviews at this time , Evans said . Police said Thursday that in his first call August 11 , the worker reported seeing a gray bag on the side of the road . A deputy responded , Nieves said , but the worker was no longer at the scene , and the deputy did not see the bag . On August 12 , the worker called a police crime line . The call was sent to a detective , who told the meter reader that the area had been searched and cleared by cadaver dogs , police said . On August 13 , the worker reported finding a bag in a swampy area , and a deputy was dispatched . The deputy looked at the area but found nothing , thinking the "  bag " may have just been trash , Nieves said . The meter reader revisited the site last week , apparently while working in the area , authorities said , and found the skull . The site was searched earlier , Beary said , but was flooded at the time . Nieves said Thursday that police were conducting a thorough review of the tips and their response but emphasized that the meter reader has been cooperative and is not a suspect . Beary acknowledged Friday that there were questions surrounding those tips but said the only way to find the answers was to conduct an investigation . CNN 's John Couwels and Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	NEW : Casey Anthony 's parents express grief , ask for compassion Meter reader Roy Kronk comes forward , says he saw bag in wooded area Casey Anthony notified that remains are her daughter 's , authorities say Medical examiner declares Caylee 's death a homicide
A few years ago Vinicio Riva boarded a public bus in the northern Italian town of Vicenza . He went toward the nearest vacant seat but before he could sit down the man in the adjacent seat snapped , "  Go away ! Do n't sit next to me . " "  I wanted to answer back , but I controlled myself , " recalled Vinicio , now 53 years old . "  I felt my blood pressure rise . " He stayed on the bus , standing . "  There were lots of people on the bus , and they heard it all , but no one said a word . " Vinicio has long been accustomed to the unkindness of strangers . He suffers from a non-infectious genetic disease , neurofibromatosis type 1 . It has left him completely covered from head to toe with growths , swellings and itchy sores . His mother suffered from the same illness before she died , and his sister has a milder version of it . His aunt , Caterina Lotto , says his undershirt is often completely soaked in blood that seeps from the sores . In early November Vinicio traveled with his aunt and dozens of others from northern Italy to Vatican City , where they attended a morning public audience held by Pope Francis . Vinicio , who has difficulty staying on his feet for long , was in a wheelchair . "  We did n't think we would be so close to the Pope , but the Swiss Guard kept ushering us forward until we were in a corner in the front row , " recalled Lotto , a woman in her late sixties with a quick smile and an infectious laugh . "  When he came close to us , " she said , "  I thought he would give me his hand . Instead he went straight to Vinicio and embraced him tightly . I thought he would n't give him back to me he held him so tightly . We did n't speak . We said nothing but he looked at me as if he was digging deep inside , a beautiful look that I would never have expected . " Vinicio , accustomed to stares of shock and fear , was initially confused by the pontiff 's lack of hesitation . "  He did n't have any fear of my illness , " he said . "  He embraced me without speaking ... I quivered . I felt a great warmth . " In moments of drama , odd details often remain vivid . "  I looked down at his shoes , " Vinicio 's aunt recalled . "  They were like this , " she said , holding her hands apart and laughing . "  I thought yes , this is someone who really walks . " The entire encounter lasted little over a minute , and soon Vinicio and his aunt were back on the bus , Vinicio in a state of combined shock and joy . "  He was almost not himself , " Lotto said . "  He was shaking . " "  I felt I was returning home ten years younger , as if a load had been lifted , " Vinicio said . But life returned to normal soon enough . He went back to his job at a home for the elderly , collecting and throwing out the trash , running odd jobs . He works there on weekdays and in slower moments enjoys chatting with the residents who do n't seem to notice his condition . His preferred topic of conversation is the ups and downs of Juventus , his favorite football team . When I ventured to discuss football with him , suggesting he should consider the merits of other teams , like Rome or Lazio , he was dismissive , shaking his head and wagging his fingers in contempt . Diego Munari , the director of the home , said Vinicio 's energy and humor help keep the residents ' spirits up . He said , "  Everyday he meets a lot of people here who like him , who chat and joke with him . " When Vinicio finishes work , he rides his bicycle back to the flat he shares with his sister Morena . Aunt Caterina says he can be lazy when it comes to preparing meals , and often prefers to make a sandwich to avoid having to wash the dishes . CNN Rome producers Hada Messia and Livia Borghese had been trying for weeks to speak with Vinicio , ever since the photos of his embrace with Pope Francis were first made public . Initially his family was hesitant , but the encounter with Francis emboldened him . A change came over him , he said . "  I feel stronger and happier . I feel I can move ahead because the Lord is protecting me . " "  Now that people have seen him they will be less detached , " said his aunt , who also hopes the Pope 's embrace and the media furor it whipped up will raise awareness about neurofibromatosis . She is worried that cuts in cash-strapped Italy 's health and social services could impact her nephew . Vinicio savors his moment with Pope Francis , but says he still has unfinished business . "  I hope he calls me so we can have a face-to-face meeting him and I. I have many things to tell him , " Vinicio said . One of the hallmarks of Francis ' papacy has been to call people , out of the blue . "  What do you want to tell him ? " I asked . "  That 's a bit private , " he said , shaking his head apologetically . "  It 's between him and I. " Read more : Pope 's embrace of man touches world Read more : Popular pope , but same old Catholic Church ?	Pope embraced Vinicio Riva at the Vatican in early November A genetic disease called neurofibromatosis has left Riva disfigured Pope embraced Riva without speaking : "  He did n't have any fear of my illness " Riva hopes to one day have a face-to-face meeting with Pope
CNN  -- A group of uprooted Syrians grew angry when they sat down with John Kerry on Thursday . The world has forsaken their homeland , the six refugees told the U.S. secretary of state as he visited them at the U.N. refugee camp in Za'atri , Jordan . Kerry told them that he was sorry for their suffering and that he was there to listen to them . He asked them to speak their minds . They did . Please set up a no-fly zone to stop Bashar al-Assad 's bombardments , the five women and one man pleaded repeatedly . Syrian opposition questions Taliban rebel role "  Where is the international community ? What are you waiting for ? " asked a woman who did not give her name . At least impose an embargo . "  I wish it was very simple , " Kerry told them . "  As you know , we 've been fighting two wars for 12 years . " He let them know that the United States is fatigued from Iraq and Afghanistan . They begged him to set up buffer zones and to stop the influx of weapons from Iran to aid al-Assad . Stop Hezbollah 's troops from Lebanon from coming to fight side by side with his troops against the rebels , a woman pleaded . Kerry told her he was "  not happy " either with what Iran and Hezbollah were doing . Lucy Liu : Syria 's children deserve chance to be kids again The Za'atri camp is home to roughly 120,000 refugees fleeing the civil war in Syria . Most of them are women and children . The U.S. has donated more than $ 800 million in humanitarian aid to the U.N. for Syria . More than one-fifth is for refugees in Jordan . The U.N. estimates that more than 93,000 people have died in Syria 's civil war . After his visit , Kerry climbed into a helicopter and flew back to Amman , Jordan 's capital . Before he left , one of the Syrian women told him that the refugees might not be there when he came back . If no help comes from the outside , she said , they will return to Syria to fight al-Assad with knives . Meanwhile , Kurdish militants have taken control of a village in the northeastern part of Syria , close to the border with Turkey , after violent clashes with fighters from the al Qaeda-affiliated group Jabhat al-Nusra , also known as the al-Nusra Front , who were based in the village , the London-based opposition group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Thursday . There are reports of casualties on both sides in the village in Qasrouk as the fighting moved to the nearby villages of Tal A'lo and Karhouk , the group said . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Refugees vent their anger to John Kerry over a lack of international action They call for a no-fly zone , want to end a flow of troops and arms from other countries "  As you know , we 've been fighting two wars for 12 years , " Kerry responds The Za'atri camp in Jordan is home to roughly 120,000 refugees fleeing the civil war
CNN  -- English Premier League side Chelsea have said they will mount the "  strongest appeal possible " following the transfer ban placed on the club by world football 's governing body FIFA . English Premier League side Chelsea have been banned by FIFA from signing any new players until 2011 The punishment , which would prevent any new member joining the squad until 2011 , was dished out after the club were found to have "  induced " Gael Kukuta to breach his contract in a transfer from French league side Lens in 2007 . In a statement on their official Web site , Chelsea announced their plan to : "  Mount the strongest appeal possible following the decision of FIFA 's Dispute Resolution Chamber over Gal Kakuta . "  The sanctions are without precedent to this level and totally disproportionate to the alleged offence and the financial penalty imposed . We can not comment further until we receive the full written rationale for this extraordinarily arbitrary decision , " the statement concluded . The ruling came after Lens complained to FIFA that Chelsea had acted improperly over the transfer of 18-year-old left-winger Kakuta two years ago . The complaint was referred to the body 's Disciplinary Resolution Chamber  DRC  who decided to impose a ban on any further player recruitment by last season 's Champions League semifinalists . Have FIFA made the right decision ? Sound Off below . A statement on FIFA 's official Web site read : "  The DRC found that the player had indeed breached a contract signed with the French club . "  Equally , the DRC deemed it to be established that the English club induced the player to such a breach . As a result the player was condemned to pay compensation in the amount of $ 780,000  $ 1.1 million  , for which the club , Chelsea , are jointly and severally liable , and sporting sanctions were imposed on both the player and Chelsea in accordance with art. 17 par . 3 and 4 of the Regulations on the Status and Transfer of Players . " Kakuta , who was voted the side 's academy player of the year in his first 12 months with Chelsea , received a personal suspension of four months as a result of the ruling . "  Chelsea are banned from registering any new players , either nationally or internationally , for the two next entire and consecutive registration periods following the notification of the present decision . " The first football transfer window in Europe runs from January 1-31 in 2010 ; the second from the end of the current season until August 31 in Europe , and September 1 in Britain next year . Chelsea were also ordered to pay Lens "  training compensation " of $ 130,000  $ 185,000  , in a decision the club could appeal at the Lausanne-based Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  . Football governing bodies have intervened on two previous occasions in recent times regarding the acquisition of new players by Chelsea . In 2005 , Nigeria midfielder Jon Mikel Obi was ordered by FIFA to return to Norwegian club Lyn Oslo to see out his contract before eventually joining Chelsea , after protracted transfer negotiations had led to disagreement with Manchester United who also claimed they had signed the player . Chelsea were also fined # 300,000  $ 490,000  by the English Premier League over the capture of England defender Ashley Cole from Arsenal in 2005 . The club were found guilty of breaking rule K3 , which forbade them approaching Cole , who still had two years left on his Arsenal deal , "  by any means while under contract . " Watch a former Chelsea manager discuss the ban " The Blues were also warned they could face being docked points if a similar offence occurred during the 2005/2006 season . It is the second time FIFA have handed out a transfer ban on a club . The transfers of Switzerland 's FC Sion were frozen until the end of the 2010 season after they attempted to sign Egypt 's Essam El Hadary before the goalkeeper 's contract with Al-Ahly had expired .	Chelsea to mount the "  strongest appeal possible " following the club 's ban Chelsea prevented by FIFA from signing any new players until 2011 Club found to have "  induced " Gael Kakuta to breach his contract with Lens Have FIFA made the right decision ? Sound Off below
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- For nearly 30 years , one man dominated Egypt . Hosni Mubarak , 82 , survived would-be assassins and ill health , crushed a rising Islamist radical movement , and maintained the peace with neighboring Israel that got his predecessor killed . His government 's continued observance of the Camp David accords was the cornerstone of what peace has been achieved in the decades-long Arab-Israeli conflict . But following the revolt that toppled Tunisia 's longtime strongman , demonstrators in the streets of Cairo stood up to riot police , chanting , "  Mubarak , Saudi Arabia is waiting for you . " Ultimately , the demonstrations helped bring down the man critics called Egypt 's last pharaoh . Mubarak decided Friday to step down , Vice President Omar Suleiman said on state television . Now that Mubarak is finally exiting the political stage , the debate over his legacy is growing louder . Longtime observers of the region say the stability Mubarak purchased for nearly three decades came at the cost of entrenched poverty and repression in the Arab world 's most populous nation . "  Egypt is a broken country , " Fawaz Gerges , a professor of Middle Eastern relations at the London School of Economics , told CNN . "  It used to be the jewel of the Middle East . It 's the capital of its cultural production . " But now , Gerges said , "  Egyptians have no outlets . They do n't feel that they have a sense of hope for the future . " Mubarak was a Soviet-trained pilot who was chief of staff of Egypt 's air force during the 1973 Mideast war . The early success of Egyptian pilots against Israel made him a national hero , and then-President Anwar Sadat made him vice president in 1975 . Six years later , Sadat died in a hail of gunfire at a military parade , killed by Islamic militants from within the army 's own ranks after he took the dramatic step of making peace with Israel . Upon assuming office , one of Mubarak 's first acts was to declare a state of emergency that barred unauthorized assembly , restricted freedom of speech and allowed police to jail people indefinitely . He made extensive use of those powers in the ensuing decades . The Egyptian army put down riots by disgruntled police officers in 1986 , and he threw an estimated 30,000 people in jail when jihadists carried out a string of attacks on tourists . "  He pretty much wiped them out , " University of Michigan Professor of History Juan Cole said . "  It 's not an accident that they were in Afghanistan instead of Egypt . " The government penetrated opposition movements so thoroughly that "  if five people  sat  down to plot something , the fifth person  wrote  a report to Hosni Mubarak about it , " he said . The result was "  a regime that has very little legitimacy , but presents itself as something there 's no point in trying to change , " said Nathan Brown , a professor of Middle Eastern politics at George Washington University in Washington . But Brown said the January 14 overthrow of Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , who fled to Saudi Arabia after 23 years in power , changed the thinking of many in the region . "  I think what the events in Tunisia did was take that sense that nothing could ever change and lead a few people to question it , " he said . Mubarak headed off a similar movement in 2005 , when Egyptians mounted large-scale protests to demand fundamental and widespread reform . He intimidated the leaders of the officially banned but tolerated Muslim Brotherhood , harassed middle-class demonstrators and managed to pick off the leadership of those protests , Brown said . But the most recent protest movement had "  no real leadership , so it  could n't  be decapitated the same way , " Brown noted . Mubarak won four terms as president in elections that were considered formalities . His fifth , in 2005 , was Egypt 's first multi-party presidential vote , but it was widely criticized as a "  sham , " Cole said . Meanwhile , the country 's economy stagnated for the first 20 years of Mubarak 's rule . Development picked up in the last decade , fueled by a move away from state control and by billions in tourist dollars , but gains were "  very unevenly distributed , " Gerges said . About 40 % of Egyptians currently live in poverty , he noted . The aging autocrat escaped at least two assassination attempts , including a close call in 1995 when Islamic militants opened fire on his motorcade at a pan-African conference in Ethiopia . In recent years , Mubarak had several bouts of illness but never picked a vice president . He was widely believed to have anointed his son Gamal as his successor , but later insisted he never intended for his son to take power . In 2003 , Mubarak collapsed while delivering a televised speech to the Egyptian parliament -- returning later to blame his illness on the flu . He had back surgery in Germany in 2004 , returning in 2010 to have his gall bladder removed . He largely withdrew from public view in recent years . His domestic political situation was closely watched overseas , particularly in the United States . In the past decade , Egypt has been a major player in Israeli-Palestinian peace talks , and it contributed troops to the U.S.-led coalition that drove Iraq out of Kuwait in 1991 . It receives about $ 1.3 billion in military aid from Washington every year -- second only to Israel -- and has received nearly $ 30 billion in economic aid since 1975 , according to State Department figures . But it opposed the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 , and while sticking with Camp David , Egypt 's ties with Israel amount to a "  cold peace , " Cole said . President Barack Obama said recently that Mubarak was "  very helpful on a range of tough issues , " but prodded the Egyptian leader to take steps toward reform . "  You can see these pent-up frustrations that are being displayed on the streets , " Obama said . He urged the Egyptian government to avoid resorting to violence to put down the recent demonstrations , adding , "  I think it 's very important that people have mechanisms in order to express legitimate grievances . " Gerges said the Middle East has seen "  the barrier of fear " removed since the events in Tunisia . "  Arabs really no longer feel terrified of the security apparatus " in Egypt and elsewhere , he said . "  We 're going to have a new era of politics . "	Hosni Mubarak ruled Egypt for nearly 30 years , surviving would-be assassins , ill health He was a major player in Mideast politics , helping enforce the Camp David accords with Israel Mubarak did n't allow political dissent , and had a questionable economic track record Mubarak 's fall signals the start of a new era in Arab politics
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A 12-year-old Southern California boy admitted he made a fake emergency call that sent police to Ashton Kutcher 's Hollywood home last year . The juvenile 's "  swattting " also targeted Justin Bieber 's Calabasas , California , home and a bank , the Los Angeles County district attorney 's spokeswoman said . Dozens of emergency personnel rushed to Kutcher 's home on October 3 , 2012 , only to find workers inside and no emergency , police said . Kutcher , who was on the set of his TV sitcom "  Two and a Half Men , " also rushed to his home . "  The comments of the call advised that there were individuals inside the location with guns and explosives , and that several people had been shot , " a police statement said . The boy , who is being prosecuted as a juvenile and not identified , will be sentenced by a juvenile judge in his home county , according to the spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney . "  Swatting " usually is done by computer hackers , who use online skills to make a false report of a serious crime in progress , police said . "  The swatting practice is extremely dangerous and places first responders and citizens in harm 's way , " police said .	Police rushed to Ashton Kutcher 's home in response to fake 911 call A 12-year-old will be sentenced by a juvenile judge in his home county "  Swatting " is extremely dangerous , police say
No glamorous chandeliers , no extravagant faade -- to find the most beautiful bookshop in China , travelers just have to follow the yellow-striped road to an underground car park . Before Librairie Avant-Garde owner Qian Xiaohua , 50 , obtained the 4,000-square-meter underground space beneath Wutaishan Stadium in Nanjing in 1999 , it was a government car park and , earlier , a bomb shelter . "  We chose this car park because it borders Nanjing University -- it has become the second library for university students , " says Qian . "  There is an old saying in Chinese -- turn something rotten into a miracle . " Instead of a shelf for best-selling books , visitors are welcomed by a replica of Rodin 's "  The Thinker " sculpture . The cashier counter is built from thousands of old books . "  You walk up the slope that still retains its yellow traffic stripes on the ground between two rows of shelves , " says Qian , as though he 'd just opened the shop a week ago . "  After that , look back and you 'll see a big shining cross that shines upon you , as well as many others that came here before you . " Reading as religion Qian converted to Christianity when he quit a job with the provincial government to open the first Librairie Avant-Garde , across the street from the St. Paul Cathedral . It was a tiny store -- 17 square meters . "  I listened to the hymns coming from the church every day and I felt so peaceful , " says Qian . "  Then I became a Christian . " That explains the large crosses in all of shop 's branches . But it 's not simple Christian faith Qian is promoting . "  We aim to be a humanities bookstore as well as a religious store , " says Zhang Xing , manager of the Wutaichan shop . "  Here in Librairie Avant-Garde , reading is our religion and this place is the heaven for book lovers . " The main hall of the bookstore serves as a forum for talks and concerts . It also houses a homey coffee shop , permanent exhibition space for beautiful book designs and a retail area for creative works by Nanjingers . Qian 's favorite artworks hang from the ceiling . Pillars in the store are etched with famous verses and poems . Book shops reflect city 's well being The beauty of Qian 's bookstore lies in its unique way of operating . Qian sees his shop as a kind of public library . Two long reading tables and more than 300 seats are available for readers who are encouraged to stay and read in the shop 's main hall . "  I come here very often because they stock a wide range of books and they do n't discriminate against readers who just want to read , " says Robin Wang , a recent graduate from a local university . She says she came to the store twice a week during her years in the university . "  A good bookshop should provide space , vision and nurture the city with its humanitarian spirit , " says Qian . "  It 's a place for people to have dreams in the city . " As Chinese cities undergo rapid development , and e-books chip away at the market for traditional books , many independent book stores are facing financial difficulties across the country . "  Independent book shops represent the well being of the city , " says Qian . "  When a city is losing its bookshops , it 's actually losing something in its soul . " Librairie Avant-Garde operates two other stores in Nanjing , including one inside the Presidential Palace . Its latest store is its first outside of Nanjing ; it 's located in the old town in Wuxi . But it 's the special car park location and design that 's made the main shop a tourist landmark of the city . "  Librairie Avant-Garde has unintentionally become the city 's tourist spot , " says Qian . "  Tourists come here to observe the culture of a city , to exchange cultures and it 's also become a new meeting spot in Nanjing . " Librairie Avant-Garde , 173 Guangzhou lu  next to Wutaishan Stadium  , Gulou District , Nanjing ; +862583711455 ; open daily from 10 a.m.-9 p.m.	Voted China 's most beautiful bookshop , Librairie Avant-Garde is in an underground car park The shop 's owner believes reading is a religion The bookshop is also a coffee shop , exhibition space and public forum
Washington  CNN  -- Haitians being treated on a U.S. Navy hospital ship are requiring longer care than expected , forcing the U.S. and other international agencies to scramble for an alternative . The solution involves plans for a 3,000 - to 5,000-bed temporary hospital on land , for continued care , because the ship is reaching its treatment limit , according to Gen. Douglas Fraser , the senior officer in charge of military operations in South America . The USNS Comfort , the Navy 's hospital ship sent to assist in aid efforts , has performed more than 200 surgeries and treated more than 1,000 patients injured in the January 12 earthquake , and has been bolstering its medical staff to keep up with the demand . "  It 's used up the clinical capacity before we reach the bed-space capacity , " Fraser , commander of the U.S. Southern Command , said at a Pentagon briefing Thursday . "  The effort that we have ongoing right now for the discharge is looking to put together a facility where we have the ability to recover those patients -- and be able to provide them with that recovery space and time that they need , " Fraser said . He said the initial effort would be to make a temporary facility on land the Haitian government has identified , with the facility consisting of tents and cots and whatever other resources can be scrounged together . Earlier this week the head of the U.S. military 's aid relief in Haiti told reporters the military was assisting in getting together components of a large facility with 3,000 to 5,000 beds , to handle the health needs in Haiti . Lt. Gen. P.K. Keen said the U.S. military would provide medical equipment , but the United Nations is working with other aid organizations to staff it and contractors to build it . It 's not clear where the hospital will be but military officials say it will be just outside of the capital , Port-au-Prince . Some patients discharged from the ship to continue care at home have no home to recover in , according to witnesses . Gen. Fraser said the U.S. government 's joint task force in Haiti is working in a , "  very concerted effort " to put the medical facility together . The U.S. Navy is also taking care of patients on three other ships -- the USS Carl Vinson , a aircraft carrier ; the USS Nassau ; and the USS Bataan . The ships are supporting efforts in other parts of the quake-ravaged country and are complete with operating rooms and dozens of hospital beds and medical personnel . "  We 'll look to see how we can improve this better . But it 's an ongoing process because of the magnitude of the need , the difficulties as we 're working through the infrastructure to meet the needs , " Fraser said . Fraser , talking about the cost of the operation , said he had not been placed under any financial limits . "  The focus is on meeting the needs of the Haitian people , " he said . In response to criticism that there were still people who have not been able to receive food or aid , Fraser said he does not have an accurate number of how many or exactly where they might be . "  We 're still having to move around and find those pockets for food distribution , and so it 's really a communication and a continuing effort to get out to every spot that there is in the country , " he said .	U.S. , aid agencies scramble for alternative because ship is nearing capacity Solution involves plans for a 3,000 - to 5,000-bed temporary hospital on land USNS Comfort has performed more than 200 surgeries , treated more than 1,000 Officials say patients are requiring a longer stay time than expected
New York  CNN  -- A billboard has sparked controversy in New York after an anti-abortion group erected a sign focused exclusively on African-American abortion rates . The sign -- which was paid for by an organization called Life Always -- reads : "  The most dangerous place for an African-American is in the womb . " The billboard -- located roughly a half mile from a Planned Parenthood facility in Manhattan 's Soho neighborhood -- features an African-American girl . "  They 're attacking women for choosing abortion while simultaneously destroying family planning , " said spokeswoman Mary Alice Carr for the New York-based National Institute for Reproductive Health . "  Their hypocrisy is as large and as obnoxious as this billboard . " But Pastor Stephen Broden , a Life Always board member , told reporters at a press conference on Wednesday that "  it 's hard to celebrate Black History Month " with abortion "  hanging over our community . " "  Abortion is out-pacing life in our community " and he said the billboard 's message is meant to be a "  provocative " way to illustrate the problem . African-Americans tend to have high abortion rates when compared to other demographic groups , according to Rebecca Wind , a spokeswoman for the Guttmacher Institute , a New York-based research center for sexual and reproductive health . The disparity is in part attributed to a "  lack of adequate services " in many black communities , which "  has resulted in more unintended pregnancies , " Wind said . According to the Life Always website , the move is an attempt "  to raise public awareness of Life issues through advertising and raise truths about Life issues to educate and empower individuals . " The sign is part of a national campaign where more billboards will appear over the next couple of months across the country , Life Always spokeswoman Marissa Gabrysch said . Critics say the message is misleading . "  The issue is here they are doing a campaign , targeting one group of women and making them feel guilty and shameful about family choices that they are making , " Carr said . "  You ca n't take a woman and lift her out of her experience . " But Rev. Derek A McCoy , another Life Always board member , told reporters something needs to be done about abortion in the black community and this is "  calling attention to a dramatic event . " "  This is a truth and tragedy , " he said . Broden said "  The child  in the billboard  was selected for her innocence . "	A New York billboard focused on exclusively on African-American abortion rates The billboard is located roughly a half mile from Planned Parenthood abortion facilities Blacks tend to have high abortion rates compared to other groups , research center says
CNN  -- Watch out Bermuda , here comes Hurricane Gonzalo . The powerful system strengthened to a Category 4 storm early Thursday as it churned through the North Atlantic with wind speeds of 140 miles per hour , the National Hurricane Center in Miami reported . The storm is expected to brush Bermuda on Friday , but Gonzalo 's path could still vary enough that officials are n't ruling out a direct hit on the island . Bermuda is now under a hurricane warning . Gonzalo is expected to cause powerful , gusty winds , heavy rains of up to 6 inches and flooding as it closes in . The storm hit the Virgin Islands on Monday , causing some property damage and power outages . Meantime , Tropical Storm Ana in the Pacific also is on the radar . The storm could reach hurricane status by this weekend , according to forecasters . Ana 's winds measured 60 miles per hour , under hurricane strength . It is forecast to intensify into at least a Category 1 hurricane with wind gusts up to 100 miles per hour by Friday , officials said . If it stays on its current track , it will directly impact the Hawaiian Islands by this weekend into early Monday , according to the National Hurricane Center . Hurricanes are a rare occurrence in Hawaii , the agency said . Only three storms have made a direct landfall on the islands in the past 55 years . 2014 Atlantic Hurricane Season facts CNN 's Taylor Ward , Steve Almasy , Dave Hennen and Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report .	Hurricane Gonzalo is churning through the North Atlantic Wind speeds are hitting 140 mph Ana will threaten Hawaii over the weekend
CNN  -- It 's an entirely preventable disease , and when diagnosed early , it 's easily treatable . Yet Malaria still claims hundreds of thousands of lives each year . All it takes is a single mosquito bite and you can become infected . In 2012 , the tropical disease caused 627,000 deaths internationally , 90 % of them in sub-Saharan Africa . Ashley Uys , a South African biotechnologist-turned-enterpreneur , is hoping to bring that number down to zero . Through his company Medical Diagnostic , Uys has developed a self-testing kit that can diagnose the disease in less than 30 minutes , and put sufferers on the path to recovery faster . "  I decided to look at what is the most needing product in Africa at the moment . And malaria , malaria is big , " says Uys . "  I then decided to look at a malaria test that can actually show you the strain of malaria you have -- the type of malaria -- so  doctors  know which treatment to give you , and then also to see if the treatment is working or not . So I developed a test that can do all of that . " Merging science and business The best think about Uys ' test is the price : they cost roughly 30 cents each , a fact Uys takes immense pride in . "  The fact that  they are affordable  of course makes it more accessible to the public . For me . it is very satisfying to know that a farm worker in a rural area does n't have to worry about going to a doctor . Our product can be used at the point of care , " he says . "  You do n't need skilled labor to use it : prick  your finger  , run the test and wait for results . There 's a lot of diamonds in the rough  is Africa  , a lot of potential , and diseases and epidemics are killing off this potential . So it has a knock-on effect that is important . " Given Uys is only 30-years old , he 's achieved an incredible amount . Like many young entrepreneurs , he has drawn inspiration from his childhood and surroundings . Using this experience , Uys creates local solutions for everyday problems . For the Cape Town native , malaria prevention is just the beginning . Saying ` No ' to drugs Uys has turned his attention to another scourge affecting his community : Drug use . "  On the Cape Flats , there was a big problem of drugs abuse , " he recalls . "  People abusing methamphetamine , et cetera . Fortunately for me , although I grew up on the Cape Flats where it 's very prevalent , I used sport to keep me away from bad habits and getting involved with the wrong crowd . " Now , as the founder of his own biotech company , Uys created a test capable of detecting a range of drugs , including amphetamines , benzyls , cocaine , methamphetamine , heroine and morphine . The idea first came to him when , following a survey of users , he identified the correlation between drug use and eye movement . Following this revelation , Uys had a light-bulb movement that would take his product development to the next level . "  We get five to 10 megapixel cameras on mobile phones . I thought to myself : ` imagine developing an app for your phone where you can actually test your kids for drugs by using the flash as a light stimulus . The camera can capture the movement and calculate the speed of your eyes and action , or  tell  if they 're dilated or constricted . " Uys is still working on the prototypes for his Oculus ID pupil scanner , but he hopes the product will be ready to go into the market in coming weeks . "  I 'm looking at innovation as the challenge for me . If you look at the first world countries it 's satisfying for me to see that we are innovating on that level or even better . "  And me coming from Belhar , I did n't go to Harvard , did n't have a rich dad who could buy me what I wanted -- I had to work for everything . I had to work and study . I used to pack fish when I was a student . And that motivated me to work harder , " he says . WATCH : Nigerian professor makes history	Malaria is a tropical disease frequently transmitted by mosquitoes When caught early , it is entirely preventable and yet , it still claims over 600,000 lives a year 90 % of all malaria deaths are in sub-Saharan Africa South African biotechnologist has developed a test kit to diagnose sufferers earlier
CNN  -- Why the hell would anyone drink two liters of beer at 6 in the morning before running with wild animals through the streets of a strange city ? This was the first of many questions I posed to myself upon dusting off a journal from 1997 , the year I  kind of  ran with the bulls in Pamplona , Spain . I went looking for the journal after photographer Clint Alwahab and I were assigned to cover a rendition of Pamplona 's famed Festival de San Fermin in Conyers , Georgia . This was n't Pamplona . That was apparent as soon as we arrived at Conyers ' Georgia International Horse Park , a far cry from Pamplona , where the "  encierro " is run on a half-mile of cobblestone streets through town . There 's a good deal more pageantry in Pamplona , as you might expect , with the rockets , or txupinazo , counting down to the running , the Giants and Big Heads Parade and afternoon bullfights . Conyers had free beef jerky . But was it ever going to measure up ? Relying on a journal from a seemingly constantly inebriated 22-year-old , I realized that outside of bulls and beer , the events are nothing alike . Author 's note : Many of the revelations in the aforementioned journal were long forgotten by the writer until it was discovered in his home office last week . Unless otherwise noted , all quotes are from the journal . The purpose The Great Bull Run is nakedly a for-profit event . It will visit nine more cities between now and August before returning to the Atlanta area in October 2014 . Upcoming locations To merely spectate cost $ 10 , while running alongside the bovine herd cost anywhere between $ 45 and $ 75 . Those enchanted by the experience could run again for $ 25 . This is n't to say Pamplona is n't a moneymaker . There just is n't a fee for anyone bold/dumb enough to get in the street with bulls , but the encierro is still a major cash cow for Pamplona  terrible pun intended  . Pamplona 's infrastructure is so unequipped to handle its San Fermin visitors , which can quadruple the city 's population , that makeshift shops and beer stands pop up all over town . The hotels are booked far in advance , so my cohorts and I "  walked down to the park  Vuelta del Castillo  and found a nice corner under a tree where we 'd reside for the weekend . " The park was packed with revelers , most of them charming , but one who "  was sniffing cocaine off of a paper plate " and another "  bastard who tried to pick  my pal 's  pocket while we were sleeping . " Taking in all the revelry was great fun , but sleeping in the park took its toll , as washing up in a plaza fountain over a long weekend left me feeling "  like I 'd been dipped in mayonnaise . " But I digress . The purpose , as it were , for the festival is to honor the patron Saint Fermin . It dates back to the Middle Ages , as opposed to 2013 for Conyers , and many locals told us at the time that Fermin was killed and dragged through the streets of Pamplona by bulls . It appears he was actually beheaded . Which also sucks . Getting there Traveling to Conyers involved driving 25 miles east of the city in a Saturn . Done and done . Pamplona , however , required a hellish trek after a language barrier resulted in us showing up two hours late for the express train . The slow train took 10 hours to make the 250-mile trip from Salamanca , where I was attending school . Fortunately , it had a bar car where we imbibed Cruzcampos and Carlsbergs before returning to our train car for a siesta . We continued our naps in the Castejon train station , where during a two-hour layover , I awoke to find "  a guy with a Mohawk and a safety pin through his cheek who had decided to micturate on the floor of the train station . " On the last leg , we hopped a "  train full of ... Spaniards who sang all the way to Pamplona , " then caught a bus downtown to find "  expletives  partying like it was Dec. 31 , 1999 . " The bulls The Conyers bulls were pansies . This is n't merely my observation . Not only did they have the ends of their horns shorn off  the tips of a Pamplonan bull 's horns resemble pitchforks  , but they 're also a good deal smaller than the Spanish species . "  More like running with goats , " said a man named Frankie , laughing and beer in hand . "  I think if a bull hits me , I might do more damage to him . " Glenn Gentle , 72 , a retired Navy diver who has been to Pamplona eight times since 2000 , told me a bull broke three of his ribs in 2004 . "  I just was in the way , I guess , " he said . "  It 's hard to escape over there . " After the Conyers run , Gentle seemed unfazed that the bridge of his nose was bloody and most of the skin was missing from one of his elbows . He said he did n't know whether a bull or the crowd ran him over -- "  it was awful hard " -- but he expressed relief he 'd taken a tumble on a horse track rather than Pamplona 's cobblestone streets . Still , the "  adrenaline junkie " was unimpressed with the Conyers bulls ' ferocity . "  In Pamplona , those bulls are bred at a special place in the south of Spain to be mean and aggressive . The bulls there will look for you and run you down , " he said . The actual running As the bulls and their white-and-red-clad entourage galloped toward Pamplona 's Plaza del Toros , the streets trembled . Wooden fences separated the bulls from spectators , and Red Cross paramedics were stationed along them to tend to injured runners . As the bulls neared -- and I saw how big these beasts actually were -- I chickened out and sought refuge behind the fence , the crowd erupting in glee as they thundered past . Once the bulls and runners blew by the clock tower where I was catching my breath , "  I jumped the fence to find my amigos . All of a sudden , everyone screamed and darted for the fence . A wee bit dazed , I turned around to see a million-pound bull standing 20 feet from me . " The sight apparently conjured my Catholic upbringing as "  I hit the wall of people like a battering ram , asking God 's forgiveness for all my sins , as I desperately tried to swim over the people and the Red Cross fence . " Where Pamplona 's streets were narrower , offering few options for escape , the Conyers event was run on a wide , dirt track with several nooks in the steel gating . I jogged on the fringe of the Conyers running , experiencing virtually none of the raw fear that had possessed me 16 years before . As the bulls neared , I dipped into one of the nooks and watched , amused , as the cattle passed . The grand finale The Conyers running was capped by an enormous tomato fight , which is reminiscent of another Spanish festival , La Tomatina in Bu  ol . I 've never been . They basically dumped 50,000 pounds of tomatoes in a parking lot and let attendees have at it . It was hilarious watching participants emerge , covered in seeds and red tomato excrement . The Pamplona running happens every morning for eight days and culminates in a series of bullfights . The runners and bulls spill from Calle Estafeta into the stadium , where the bulls are corralled . Runners scramble around the bullfighting ground tussling with smaller bulls , which were described to me as babies . "  These were NOT babies . The baby had a three-foot rack and was flipping full-grown humans through the air with ease . " After watching the spectacle for about 20 minutes or so , we left the stadium and "  found a nice plot of grass in front of the stadium to take a nap . When we woke up , we made our way to one of the makeshift bars and drank Aguila . " Conversely , in Conyers , Clint and I hopped in the Saturn and drove back to Atlanta . I made it home just in time for the Auburn game . Sober . Follow Eliott C. McLaughlin on Twitter : @CNNWriters	Conyers , Georgia , holds first in series of bull runs , kicking off nationwide tour Event is quite unlike the Pamplona , Spain 's Festival de San Fermin Pamplona has pageantry , parades , bullfights ; Conyers has free beef jerky Pamplona vets attending the Conyers running complain bulls are pansies
CNN  -- Somalia 's interim prime minister said Thursday that he has spoken to one of two French hostages seized earlier this week by gunmen who stormed their hotel in Mogadishu . Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke said the government will hold Hizbul Islam responsible for the safety of both men . Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke told a news conference at the presidential palace in the Somali capital that the hostage said he was in good health and is being treated well . Sharmarke said three low-level security officials have been arrested for their involvement in the kidnapping . The Somali government is negotiating the release of the hostages , who are being held by Islamist militants , he added . The two French nationals -- who have not been identified -- were abducted Tuesday when a group of about 10 armed men raided the hotel where they were staying . The French Foreign Ministry said the two were on an official mission to help the Somali government with security . The ministry has not divulged any details of its efforts to release the hostages , saying only that it is "  mobilized . " The two advisers had apparently told the hotel they were journalists , something that the media watchdog group Reporters Without Borders has criticized . "  We hope these two advisers are freed quickly , but we are shocked that they were passing themselves off as journalists , " Reporters Without Borders said . "  They were on an official mission and had no need of cover . Their behavior endangers journalists in a region where media personnel are already in danger . " Sharmarke said the two hostages were kidnapped by the militant group Hizbul Islam but later were transferred to Al-Shabaab . Both Islamic insurgencies are trying to topple the current Somali government . Eyewitnesses said a group of gunmen stormed into the Sahafi hotel , which is frequented by foreigners , and took the two blindfolded and bound hostages on foot toward Mogadishu 's Bakara market , a stronghold for Islamist insurgents fighting against the Somali government . The Somali prime minister said that the government will hold Hizbul Islam responsible for the safety of both men . He did not say if any demands had been made for the hostages ' release . Hizbul Islam is led by Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys , a bitter rival of Somalia 's transitional president , Sheikh Sharif Ahmed . The two men once shared leadership of the Alliance for the Re-Liberation of Somalia , which opposed the presence of Ethiopian forces in Somalia . The alliance split because the two leaders disagreed over whether to use force to oust the Ethiopian forces . Hizbul Islam and Al-Shabaab have continued their fight in Somalia despite the withdrawal of Ethiopian forces earlier this year . The United Nations had hoped that the withdrawal of the Ethiopians and the election of Ahmed -- an Islamist -- to the post of transitional president would help quell the insurgency in Somalia . The Islamist insurgency is led by Al-Shabaab -- an al Qaeda-linked group that is on the United States ' terror list . It wants to overthrow Somalia 's weak , transitional government and implement a radical version of sharia , or Islamic law . Fighting in Somalia 's capital city has displaced 200,000 Mogadishu residents since early May , according to the United Nations . Journalist Mohamed Amin Adow contributed to this report .	Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke reported hostage said he was in good health Two French nationals abducted Tuesday by gunmen from their hotel Sharmarke said they were kidnapped by militant group Hizbul Islam The two advisers had apparently told the hotel they were journalists
CNN  -- Ten-man Burkina Faso boosted their chances of reaching the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations Friday with a 4-0 trouncing of Ethiopia in Mbombela . The superb victory , owing much to two-goal Alain Traore , left them in pole position in Group C after holders Zambia and Nigeria drew 1-1 in the early kick off in Rustenburg . Burkina Faso were leading 1-0 through a first half Traore strike when they had goalkeeper Abdoulaye Soulama sent off in the second half for handling the ball outside his area . But Traore , who plays for Lorient in the French League , struck minutes later with a blistering shot from just outside the area to all but sink Ethiopia 's chances of getting back into the match with a man advantage . He had also scored Burkina Faso 's last-gasp equalizer against Nigeria in the opening match of the tournament in South Africa . Traore then set up Djakaridja Kone for the third as the Ethiopia defense opened up again . Jonathan Pitroipa rounded off the win with the fourth in stoppage time to make it a miserable evening for the Ethiopian fans who had made up the majority of a sizable crowd in the stadium . It left Burkina Faso with four points from two games , with Zambia and Nigeria on two apiece . Ethiopia have just one point . Zambia , who won last year 's championship , looked headed for the exit door when they trailed Nigeria late into their game . But they were awarded a controversial penalty , which was converted with considerable aplomb by Zambia goalkeeper Kennedy Mweene , lofting his effort into the roof of the net . Mweene had been at the receiving end of a first half spot kick awarded to Nigeria , but watched on as Chelsea 's Jon-Obi Mikel scuffed a feeble effort wide of the post . Henri Richard 's Zambia were encouraged by the miss , but it was Nigeria who struck first through Emmanuel Emenike in the 57th minute . It looked enough to seal through crucial points until Davies Nkausu tangled with Ahmed Musa in the penalty area and the referee pointed to the spot . Nigeria goalkeeper and captain Victor Enyeama was disgusted by the award and was well beaten by his counterpart , who regularly takes penalties South Africa Premier League club Free State Stars . "  That was one of the worst calls I 've seen in the history of football , " he told AFP . The group will be decided next Tuesday with Burkina Faso taking on Zambia in Mbombela , while Ethiopia face Nigeria in Rustenburg .	Burkina Faso beat Ethiopia 4-0 in Group C match at Africa Cup of Nations Alain Traore scores twice in commanding performance Burkina Faso goalkeeper Abdoulaye Soulama sent off in the second half Holders Zambia and Nigeria drew 1-1 in earlier match
Washington  CNN  -- Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan 's confirmation hearing by the Senate Judiciary Committee concluded Thursday with witnesses for and against the solicitor general , including former military members who slammed her handling of military recruiters on the Harvard University campus . Twenty four witnesses testified about President Barack Obama 's pick to replace the retiring Justice John Paul Stevens on the high court . Kagan herself was not there , having concluded her participation in the committee 's hearing Wednesday after three days of testimony . Democratic senators have openly predicted Kagan would win confirmation as the 112th high court justice , perhaps by the end of July . Her addition to the high court would mean the nine-member panel would include three women for the first time . The 50-year old Kagan has come under criticism from Republican senators who say that as dean of Harvard Law School , she actively tried to block military recruiters because of the Pentagon 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy that bars openly gay and lesbians from military service . "  Dean Kagan 's clearly unlawful actions estranged the campus , " said former U.S. Army Capt. Flagg Youngblood . He called Kagan 's actions "  double dealing , " and a "  condescension to the American rule of law that harmed the interests of the military . " Youngblood attended Yale University as an ROTC member , and is now director of military outreach for conservative Young America 's Foundation Capt. Pete Hegseth of the Army National Guard said Kagan "  encouraged students to oppose and protest the presence of military recruiters on campus . " Hegseth now heads the private group Vets for Freedom . The nominee and the White House have strongly defended her actions , saying that while she opposed the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , Kagan never kept recruiters off the university and never sought to sidestep the law . Another former military member invited by Republican senators to testify did not appear . Retired Gen. Jerry Boykin , who has been criticized for speeches comparing the war on terror as a Christian fight against Satan and suggesting Muslims worship idols , was disinvited by committee Republicans earlier this week . "  Although General Boykin 's prior comments concerning the war on terror are unrelated to his scheduled testimony on Dean Kagan 's nomination , it is clear that these comments would be used to distract from the very important issues surrounding Ms. Kagan 's actions at Harvard Law School , " said Stephen Boyd , spokesman for Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama , the committee 's ranking Republican . As Harvard Law School dean , Kagan supported other schools challenging a federal law -- known as the Solomon Amendment -- requiring that recruiters be given equal access or face the loss of federal funding . The Supreme Court unanimously upheld the law on March 6 , 2006 . Just four months after taking the job as Harvard 's dean , in October 2003 , Kagan offered students her thoughts in a campus-wide e-mail , saying that to give recruiters equal access to the campus "  causes me deep distress . " "  I abhor the military 's discriminatory recruitment policy , " she said then , calling it "  a profound wrong -- a moral injustice of the first order . " Kagan received support Thursday from the head of the Harvard Law Armed Forces Association , Capt. Kurt White . Still a student at the Ivy League school , White told lawmakers he saw firsthand Kagan 's support of veterans and the military . Her outreach and graciousness "  made a big difference in the lives of the small group of us veterans , " said White , who was critical of other military members that opposed Kagan 's nomination . Among other witnesses invited by the Senate committee 's Democratic majority were two people who sued their employers , claiming age and sex discrimination on the job . Lilly Ledbetter said she hoped Kagan would be a sympathetic ear to those who bring legitimate workplace suits . "  I learned who is on the Supreme Court makes all the difference , " she said . The onetime tire company manager alleged she was paid less than her male counterparts for equal work about two decades , but did not find out about the discrimination until she was about to retire . The high court in 2007 ruled against her , saying existing federal law did not allow such lawsuits to be filed so late . Most workers had 180 days to file a claim after the first discriminatory pay decision . Obama , in the first bill he signed when taking office in January 2009 , enacted the Lily Ledbetter Act . It nullified the high court decision , and said every new paycheck received over the years based on a discriminatory act -- regardless of when the first discrimination occurred -- would extend the statute of limitations 180 days . "  If one more person like  liberal  Justice  Ruth Bader  Ginsburg or Justice Stevens were on the court , " Ledbetter said , "  then my case would have turned out differently . " Jack Gross lost his Supreme Court appeal last year , after he alleged he was a victim of age discrimination when he was passed over for a promotion . He criticized the current conservative court for reading federal laws in a way that makes it more difficult for people like him to claim wrongdoing by employers . Other witnesses included leaders of advocacy groups on opposite sides on the abortion rights debate . A number of notable legal conservatives also voiced contrasting views of Kagan 's qualifications . Jack Goldsmith was hired by Kagan in 2004 to be a law professor , and said Kagan showed her openness by hiring several right-leaning faculty members at a campus with a liberal reputation . The American Bar Association told lawmakers why it gave Kagan its highest "  well qualified " rating , following a detailed evaluation of her to be a justice . "  Almost all of the experienced , dedicated and knowledgeable sitting judges , former solicitors general from both parties , legal scholars from top law schools across the country , and lawyers who have worked with or against the nominee in government or court , describe the nominee as outstanding in all respects and cite specific evidence in support of that view , " said Kim Askew , who coordinated the ABA evaluation panel . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Senate panel concludes confirmation hearing on Kagan 's Supreme court nomination Kagan supporters and detractors appear before Senate Judiciary Committee Military witnesses say Kagan harmed recruiting efforts Victims of discrimination call for Kagan 's confirmation
CNN  -- Atlanta-area authorities are investigating the death of Chris Kelly , half of the 1990s rap duo Kris Kross , as a possible drug overdose , Fulton County Police Cpl. Kay Lester said Thursday . Kelly , 34 , died Wednesday at an Atlanta hospital after he was found unresponsive at his home , police said . After paramedics took him to the hospital , a woman who identified herself as Kelly 's friend told an investigator that Kelly had taken a mixture of heroin and cocaine Tuesday night , and that she had brought Kelly home "  to recover from his drug use , " according to a police report . Betty Honey , with the Fulton County Medical Examiner 's Office , said that an autopsy showed no signs of trauma or foul play . A toxicology report is expected to be complete in three to four weeks , at which point , a cause of death will likely be determined , she said . Kelly , together with Chris Smith , shot to stardom in 1992 with "  Jump , " which spent eight weeks on top of the Billboard Hot 100 . A #TBT in honor of Chris Kelly The duo opened for Michael Jackson that year on his Dangerous World Tour . Their penchant for wearing their clothes backward was , at least for a time , widely emulated . "  I 'm wearing my clothes to work backwards tomorrow , " Michael Skolnik , edito-in-chief of the hip hop site Global Grind said , when he learned of the death . Leslie Tookes , a CNN project coordinator , lived next door to Kelly . Like others , she was saddened by his untimely death . "  We often heard him playing classical music and the piano , " Tookes said . "  He was a low-key type of person who was very talented and courteous , friendly and wonderful to our 5-year-old twins . "  Indeed , gone too soon . " His family also mentioned the notable wardrobe adjustment in a statement mourning Kelly 's passing . "  To millions of fans worldwide , he was the trendsetting , backwards pants-wearing one-half of Kris Kross who loved making music . But to us , he was just Chris -- the kind , generous and fun-loving life of the party , " Kelly 's family said in a statement . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived Discovered at a mall Kelly and Smith were 13-year-olds when they were discovered in 1991 at an Atlanta mall by producer Jermaine Dupri . Going by the stage name Mac Daddy  with Smith known as Daddy Mac  , the pair followed up their smash "  Jump " with the single "  Warm It Up . " Together , the songs pushed their debut album , "  Totally Krossed Out , " to multiplatinum status . Next came 1993 's "  Da Bomb . " But the album failed to find the following of the duo 's debut , in large part because the boys had hit puberty and they were marketed with a tougher image . Their career never again reached the heights of their debut , but they continued to make music . In 1996 , the duo released the album "  Young , Rich and Dangerous . " The pair reunited for one night in February for a 20th anniversary party for Dupri 's So So Def label . Rapper Da Brat , who also performed that night , wrote about Kelly 's death , "  REST IN PEACE TO MY LIL BRO CHRIS KELLY OF KRIS KROSS . Dam was n't we JUST at rehearsal and doin a So So Def20 show ? " Share your memories CNN 's Ed Payne , Chelsea Carter , Jason Hanna , Chuck Johnston and Tresha Lindo contributed to this report .	NEW : Autopsy shows no signs of trauma or foul play Woman told police Kelly had taken heroin and cocaine Tuesday night He died Wednesday at an Atlanta hospital Kris Kross topped the charts with "  Jump " in 1992
CNN  -- Packing maximum sustained winds of 85 mph , Hurricane Ernesto strengthened as it closed in Tuesday on Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula , the National Hurricane Center said . The Category 1 hurricane was forecast to make landfall Tuesday night and could strengthen before it does . The Mexican government extended a hurricane warning to the island of Cozumel on Tuesday as the storm advanced in the Caribbean . Belize issued a hurricane warning from Belize City to the border with Mexico . There is a tropical storm warning south of Belize City . As of 8 p.m. ET Tuesday , the storm was about 65 miles  140 kilometers  east of Chetumal , Mexico , the National Hurricane Center reported . Ernesto was moving west at 18 mph . Hurricane force winds extended 35 miles  55 kilometers  from the storm 's center , while tropical storm force winds reached up 140 miles  225 kilometers  . The eye of the storm was expected to cross the east coast of the Yucatan Peninsula on Tuesday night , then move across the peninsula into the Bay of Campeche by Wednesday afternoon or evening . The storm could cause life-threatening flash floods and mudslides , the hurricane center warned . Between 3 and 5 inches of rain are expected along the northern coast of Honduras , the hurricane center said . Some mountains might get up to 8 inches . Complete coverage of weather Belize , the southern Yucatan Peninsula and northern Guatemala may get up to 12 inches of rain in some areas . Areas of Honduras and the Yucatan Peninsula were under tropical storm warnings . Ernesto will cause a surge when it reaches the coast , increasing water levels by as much as 2 to 4 feet above normal tide levels in the area near and north of where the storm makes landfall , the hurricane center said . NASA scientist links climate change , extreme weather Lightning strikes outside NASCAR race , kills 1	Hurricane Ernesto is expected to make landfall Tuesday night Outer bands of the storm , with tropical storm force winds , near land The storm is about 65 miles from Mexico 's coast
Aberdeen , Maryland  CNN  -- The man who abducted the mother of Baltimore Orioles legend Cal Ripken Jr. from her Maryland home restrained her and appeared to have used her credit cards , a law enforcement official said Wednesday . But officials in Aberdeen , Maryland , say they are still looking for motives in the case and have n't found evidence of ransom demands for Violet Ripken , the mother of one of baseball 's most celebrated players . Ripken , 74 , was safe and resting with relatives Wednesday after a nearly daylong ordeal , authorities said . Police in Aberdeen said a man with a gun showed up at her home between 7 and 8 a.m. Tuesday , then forced her into her vehicle and drove off . She was found about 6:15 a.m. Wednesday in the back seat of her vehicle near her home with her hands bound , but she was otherwise unharmed , police said . Michael Jackson 's mom found safe , family drama unfolds Investigators are looking for a motive . Aberdeen police said that they have no knowledge of a ransom being demanded or paid , and that Cal Ripken apparently was n't contacted . "  At this time I can say we know of no ransom demand , " Aberdeen Police Chief Henry Trabert told reporters . He also said police do n't know of any relationship between the suspect and the Ripken family . Trabert said Violet Ripken was understandably upset after the ordeal . The official said the suspect put sunglasses on the woman and they drove around all day and made stops for gas . The official said the suspect made no mention of Cal Ripken , an indication that he might not have known she is the mother of a famous former baseball player . The official was not aware of any attempt to ask anyone for a ransom , but said the suspect did take Mrs. Ripken 's credit cards and it appears he has used them at several places . Police believe the suspect drove the woman 's silver 1998 Lincoln Towncar throughout central Maryland but they are n't sure of precise locations and counties . Police are looking for a white male with a light , thin build in his late 30s to early 40s last seen wearing a light-colored shirt , glasses and "  camo pants . " Police consider the man armed and dangerous . Rich Wolf , a spokesman for the FBI in Baltimore , said the FBI is helping local police investigate the case . The Ripken family released a statement expressing gratitude for Violet Ripkin 's safe return . "  This has been a very trying time for our family , but we are grateful and relieved that mom is back with us , safe and healthy , " the statement said . Cal Ripken Jr. achieved stardom as a shortstop with the Baltimore Orioles and is a member of baseball 's Hall of Fame . He holds the Major League Baseball record for playing in the most consecutive games -- 2,632 from 1982 to 1998 . He made 19 straight All-Star appearances and won two Most Valuable Player awards , racking up 3,184 hits and 431 home runs . His father , Cal Ripken Sr. , was a manager , coach and scout who worked in the Orioles organization for 36 years . He died in 1999 . Ripken does n't stop after retiring CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report	NEW : Police say Vi Ripken was found in the back seat of her car , hands bound Police in Aberdeen , Maryland , say a gunman forced her into a car at her home Tuesday She was found unharmed about 6:15 a.m. Wednesday , they say The family of Cal Ripken Jr. expresses gratitude that his mother is safe
CNN  -- The powerful Service Employees International Union has decided that , because of the $ 700 billion financial-system bailout , it wants to organize bank workers . Banks that get taxpayer money need to "  ensure their workers have a voice , " a union spokeswoman says . In an e-mail dated November 12 and obtained exclusively by CNN , a member of SEIU 's Private Equity Project outlined initial discussions to organize bank workers "  since the banking industry is now being infused with billions of taxpayer dollars . " The e-mail was written by SEIU 's Inga Skippings to the director of the Washington office of the Association of Community Organizing for Reform Now  ACORN  , a longtime ally and partner of the union . "  We need to get a handle on who these workers are , working conditions , etc. , " Skippings wrote . "  Do you have ACORN members who work for banks or Freddie Mac/Fannie Mae ? Is there anyway -LSB- sic -RSB- you could check ? The banks we 're most concerned about are : -- Fannie Mae -- Freddie Mac -- Chevy Chase/B . F.Saul -- BB&T -- SunTrust -- Bank of America/Countrywide -- Wachovia/Wells Fargo -- PNC Bank/National City -- Citigroup "  Please let me know and if you have other suggestions , I 'd love to hear them . " Skippings referred questions to a union spokeswoman , who confirmed the authenticity of the e-mail and that the union is considering targeting the banks for unionizing . "  We believe there is special responsibility for companies who receive taxpayer dollars to ensure their workers have a voice on the job , " SEIU 's Lynda Tran said . "  And those workers should have a seat at the table at the companies where decisions that impact the future of their families and the companies that employ them " are made . "  We are talking to workers really broadly in banking , " she said . SEIU is the fastest-growing trade union in North America , according to its own Web site , with a membership of more than 2 million , including health-care industry workers and state and local government employees . It also represents guards and janitors who work in commercial and residential properties . And its clout continues to grow . SEIU 's $ 85 million in political donations made it the single-largest contributor to either party in the recent elections . The union worked vigorously for the election of Barack Obama , who has named a former union official as his White House political director , a post once held in the Bush administration by Karl Rove . The official , Patrick Gaspard , formerly was executive vice president of politics and legislation for Local 1199 , the SEIU 's United Healthcare Workers East . SEIU , which broke away from the AFL-CIO in 2005 , is known for its successful but sometimes controversial tactics : It often targets private equity groups ' leaders , as well as banks and companies , with loud and demonstrative rallies . The union 's hierarchy has made no secret it hopes to grow under the incoming Democratic administration . "  I would say that we 've been very vocal about the optimism about the new administration , " SEIU 's Tran said . "  There are a number of newly elected members of Congress who agree with us on matters relating to working families . " One labor professor said SEIU 's timing in trying to unionize bank workers may be on target "  because financial institutions are at a moment of weakness . " "  Low-wage earners are the growing sector of the work force , " said Gregory DeFreitas , an economics professor at Hofstra University and director of its labor studies program . "  This is a very shrewd political move to tie this to the bailouts . " DeFreitas said unions tend not to do well in attracting workers during economic recessions because jobs are scarce then . But he said recent surveys indicate a majority of workers would consider organizing , so the public 's appetite for unions may be on the upswing . "  Bank teller jobs are one of the few jobs that are actually growing , " DeFreitas said . "  And they are low-wage earners , so it makes sense that it fits into the SEIU model . SEIU has been very opportunistic in growing its membership . Success breeds success . " The median annual earnings of bank tellers was about $ 22,000 in May 2006 , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . A spokesman for the American Bankers Association said it had no one who could comment on labor issues . He said the association represents 95 percent of the industry 's $ 13.6 trillion in assets .	Union says it is considering targeting banks for unionizing E-mail from union lists the banks it 's "  most concerned " about E-mail cites $ 700 billion financial-system bailout as reason for move Spokeswoman : Bailed-out banks have responsibility to ensure workers have voice
CNN  -- The two teams contested one of the most dramatic matches in football history , and now Bayern Munich and Manchester United will meet again in the quarterfinals of the European Champions League . Bayern are looking to become the first team to defend the Champions League title , while United 's task has been made harder by the loss of Robin van Persie for the tie . The Dutchman , whose hat-trick enabled the Reds to come from two goals down to knock out Olympiakos , suffered a late injury on Wednesday that will keep him out of both legs of the quarterfinal . "  Following further investigation , Robin van Persie has a sprained knee , which will keep him out for around four to six weeks , " the club announced on its Twitter page on Friday . The second leg takes place in Munich on April 9 , leaving the 30-year-old striker to concentrate his return on the closing stages of the Premier League season and June 's World Cup in Brazil . His absence is set to boost Pep Guardiola as his all-conquering squad attempts to reassert its dominance at home and abroad . The five-time European champions are on the verge of wrapping up the German title and will wrap up a Bundesliga triumph this weekend if they win -- and Borussia Dortmund and Schalke fail to . But to stand any chance of retaining their continental title , Bayern must beat the team that inflicted one of the German club 's most painful defeats in the final of this competition 15 years ago . United won the Champions League in 1999 by scoring two goals in injury time to beat Bayern 2-1 , but such halcyon days are in stark contrast to the club 's current predicament . Manager David Moyes has struggled to get the best out of his team since replacing Alex Ferguson , the Scottish coach who masterminded United 's win in 1999 and also its Champions League final victory over Chelsea in 2008 as well guiding the club to 13 English league titles before retiring in May 2013 . Moyes ' team sits seventh in the Premier League , quite a fall from grace for a team that lifted the English championship last season . Friday 's draw in Switzerland also threw together Spanish title rivals Barcelona and Atletico Madrid . Barca 's modern Champions League history is formidable , with the Catalans lifting European football 's most prestigious trophy in 2006 , 2009 and 2011 . Barca won their first European Cup in 1992 . But in the Spanish league Barca sit in third position , behind second-placed Atletico . Diego Simeone 's team has caught the eye this season , disrupting the Spanish duopoly of Barca and Real Madrid through exciting play and the goals of striker Diego Costa . For Real it 's a rerun of last season 's semifinal against Borussia Dortmund . The German team stunned Real by destroying the nine-time European champions 4-1 in the first leg . Dortmund prevailed 4-3 on aggregate before losing to Bayern in the final . Former Real coach Jose Mourinho will pit his Chelsea team against Qatari-owned Paris Saint-Germain . Mourinho is looking to win the tournament with a third club after triumphs with Porto in 2004 and Inter in 2010 . PSG will be relying on the mercurial talents of Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who has scored 10 goals in seven Champions League appearances this season , while former Chelsea defender Alex also plays for the Parisian club . European Champions League quarterfinal draw : Barcelona vs. Atletico Madrid Real Madrid vs. Borussia Dortmund Paris Saint-Germain vs. Chelsea Manchester United vs. Bayern Munich	Bayern Munich will play Manchester United in the Champions League quarterfinal Premier League side must do without Van Persie , after injury rules him out for 4-6 weeks Four-time champions Barcelona face Atletico Madrid in an all-Spanish tie Real Madrid drawn against Borussia Dortmund , while Chelsea face PSG
CNN  -- This year 's top 10 CNN Heroes are working hard to make a difference in the world , and you can help by donating to their causes through Google . Google is waiving all transaction fees so that each Hero 's designated nonprofit gets 100 % of the funds . These donations are also tax-deductible in the United States . To learn more about each nonprofit and where your money would go , here are the top 10 Heroes in alphabetical order : Pushpa Basnet Nonprofit : Early Childhood Development Center What it does : Gives dozens of children in Nepal a place to live while their parents are incarcerated . Many children in Nepal actually have to live behind bars with their parents because there 's nowhere else to go and there is n't an adequate social safety net . Basnet 's group also provides a day care program for young children who live in prison . Basnet says : "  I hope that ECDC is soon able to expand its services so that it is able to accommodate more children who are still living behind prison walls . ... We are working to rescue them and give them a better life . " Donate to the Early Childhood Development Center Wanda Butts Nonprofit : The Josh Project What it does : Provides low-cost swimming lessons for hundreds of children in Toledo , Ohio . Most of the children in the program are minorities like Butts , who lost her 16-year-old son because he did n't know how to swim . Statistics show that minority children in the United States are more likely to drown than white children . Butts says : "  Our objective is to change the drowning statistics . Drowning is preventable if you know the rules . Awareness , education and knowledge are key . That was something I did not have . " Donate to the Josh Project Mary Cortani Nonprofit : Operation Freedom Paws What it does : Helps U.S. war veterans train their own service dogs . Many Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans are suffering from invisible wounds such as post-traumatic stress disorder , and some of them are finding it easier to cope thanks to canine companions . Cortani says : "  Being a veteran myself , I understand loss of purpose , the mission . Training their own service dog gives them that and more . It gives them a shot at a quality life again . " Donate to Operation Freedom Paws Catalina Escobar Nonprofit : Juan Felipe Gomez Escobar Foundation What it does : Provides counseling , education and job training to more than 2,000 teenage mothers in Colombia , where one in five girls age 15-19 is or has been pregnant . The group also runs a medical center that has brought health care to tens of thousands of children whose families could n't otherwise afford it . Escobar says : "  I want my girls to be empowered . Earning money provides them with independence and allows them to gain back control of their lives . " Donate to the Juan Felipe Gomez Escobar Foundation Razia Jan Nonprofit : Razia 's Ray of Hope What it does : Operates a free school for girls in Afghanistan , where many terrorists will stop at nothing to keep girls from getting an education . There were at least 185 documented attacks on schools and hospitals in Afghanistan last year , according to the United Nations . The majority were attributed to armed groups opposed to girls ' education . Jan says : "  It took a lot of determination and courage to build the first girls school in an area where the girls did not count . Now , with hard work , I have proven to the men of seven villages surrounding the school that this is the best thing that 's happened for their daughters . " Donate to Razia 's Ray of Hope Thulani Madondo Nonprofit : Kliptown Youth Project What it does : Provides academic support , including tutoring , meals and school uniforms , to 400 children who live in the slums of Kliptown , South Africa . Kliptown has long suffered from high rates of unemployment , crime and school dropouts . Madondo says : "  We  want to break the poverty cycle that has existed for many decades . This will be done through formal and nonformal education , where people will be empowered in things they are good at . ... We believe that if people are guided to what they are interested in , that is setting them up for success . " Donate to the Kliptown Youth Program Leo McCarthy Nonprofit : Mariah 's Challenge What it does : Gives college scholarships to teenagers who pledge not to drink while they 're underage . Nearly $ 150,000 in scholarship money has been awarded by the group , which started after McCarthy 's 14-year-old daughter Mariah was killed by an underage drunken driver in Butte , Montana . McCarthy says : "  I want this to be a platform for people to say : ` OK , I do n't want to be like that guy who killed Mariah . But I need some help , because I 'm getting group pressure . ' ... I 'm not asking you to say no to drugs . I 'm asking you to say yes to yourself and a life of simple self-respect . " Donate to Mariah 's Challenge Connie Siskowski Nonprofit : American Association of Caregiving Youth What it does : Supports young people who have to take care of an ill , disabled or aging family member . Since 2006 , the group has provided assistance to more than 550 young caregivers in Palm Beach County , Florida . Siskowski says : "  We 're not advocating that children should do this or be in this position , but they are . So we want to make it as safe as possible and arm them with the knowledge base that they need . " Donate to the American Association of Caregiving Youth Scott Strode Nonprofit : Phoenix Multisport What it does : Provides free athletic activities and a sober support community to more than 6,000 participants in Colorado . It offers dozens of programs every week , from casual walks and yoga to mountain biking and ice climbing . Strode says : "  Phoenix Multisport prides itself on our ability to help recovering addicts and alcoholics repair their self-esteem . Many of us in recovery had our dreams stripped away during our alcohol and drug use . The Phoenix Multisport community helps give those dreams back through standing on top of mountains and crossing finish lines . " Donate to Phoenix Multisport Malya Villard-Appolon Nonprofit : KOFAVIV  a Creole acronym that translates into the Commission of Women Victims for Victims What it does : Offers safety , medical care and legal aid to rape victims in Haiti . Gender-based violence has been an issue in Haiti for years , according to Villard-Appolon , and her group has seen an increase in rape cases since the 2010 earthquake . Villard-Appolon says : "  We tell people to come out of silence . Do not be afraid to say that you have been victimized . " Donate to KOFAVIV	The top 10 CNN Heroes are tackling important issues , and they need your help You can donate to their causes through Google , which is waiving all transaction fees
CNN  -- A 25-year-old Oklahoma man was charged Friday with murder in the deaths of two girls who were found about three and a half years ago , shot to death in a ditch alongside a remote country road . "  We do n't believe that he knew  the slain girls  directly , " Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation Director Stan Florence said Friday of Kevin Sweat . "  We just believe that he happened to be in the area that day . " According to a probable cause affidavit , Sweat told investigators on September 13 that he 'd been driving his Chevrolet Cavalier where the girls were found when he saw "  two monsters " come at him . The suspect said he "  panicked , " shooting the "  monsters " first with a Glock .40 handgun and then with a .22 handgun he 'd had in his glove box , the affidavit said . It claimed Sweat had voluntarily waived his rights and agreed to talk to investigators . The "  monsters " are believed to be best friends Taylor Paschal-Placker , 13 , of Weleetka and Skyla Jade Whittaker , 11 , of nearby Henryetta , who were discovered June 8 , 2008 , by Taylor 's grandfather . They had been shot in the head and chest , eight times for Skyla and five for Taylor , the state medical examiner reported after an autopsy . Their killings rattled Weleetka , a town of just over 1,000 residents , with police calling the shootings the community 's first murders in more than 20 years . They also set off an extensive investigation involving multiple local , state and federal law enforcement agencies and including about 650 interviews , 900 leads and 19,000 forensic tests on 800 pieces of evidence , according to Florence . In January 2010 , Sweat was among those interviewed about the girls ' murder , because he owned a Glock .40 Model 22 handgun like one of those thought to be used in the shootings . He then told an investigator then that he 'd sold such a gun in 2007 , according to the arrest affidavit . But he was not considered a suspect until this year , after being arrested and charged with the murder of his girlfriend , Ashley Taylor , Florence said . He was already in the Seminole County Jail in his girlfriend 's death when the new charges were filed , according to the state investigative bureau director . He is charged on four counts related to the 2008 case : two each of first-degree murder , plus two each of shooting with intent to kill , according to the affidavit . The witnesses cited in this document include several of Sweat 's family members , including his father , as well as the two victims ' relatives and the Glock gun company . District Attorney Max Cook , whose jurisdiction includes Creek and Okfuskee counties , said Friday that he has filed court documents requesting that Sweat be eligible for the death penalty if found guilty of murder in any of these killings . "  We feel that we are in an appropriate position to go forward in this case , " Cook said Friday , referring to the case of the two girls . Neighbors and relatives described Taylor and Skyla as nearly inseparable , often playing together after school , riding their bikes and sleeping at each others ' houses . They were at Taylor 's house the night of June 8 , when they set off about 5 p.m. for a walk down the road . Soon thereafter , Taylor 's grandfather made a futile attempt to call her on her cell phone . He found the two girls about 30 minutes later , lying side-by-side in a ditch about a quarter-mile from the home , police said . Six weeks after the slayings , Oklahoma authorities released a 911 tape in which a breathless , nearly hysterical woman -- identified only as a family member of one of the victims -- is heard screaming , "  Somebody killed two girls . " "  They went for a walk , and now they are both down here dead . ... My granddaughter and her friend , " the woman said on the tape . "  Help me . Please ! " On September 30 , a $ 5,000 reward was offered for information on "  the Glock .40 model 22 handgun used in the Weleetka girls ' homicides , " the state investigation bureau noted on its website . A serial number was given for that weapon , one of two linked to the girls ' deaths . Ballistics tests determined that the .40 - caliber shell casings found at the crime scene , matched those found on the property of Curtis Sweat , Kevin 's father , the affidavit said . Investigators determined the serial number of the gun , which had been sold to Sweat . In his September interview , the suspect admitted that he 'd purchased the Glock .40 gun in 2007 . Authorities on Friday reiterated their plea for the public 's help in tracking down this firearm , which they said Sweat may have tried to sell in March at a Tulsa gun show . Two photos of the suspect were also released : one taken around the time of the Weleetka killings and the other a mug shot after he was charged in his girlfriend 's death . "  We hope that , by releasing  those photos  , it will spark someone 's memory of seeing Mr. Sweat around the scene of  Taylor and Skyla 's  murder , " Florence said .	NEW : Shell casings at crime scene matched those on suspect 's father 's land , police say The suspect says he saw "  two monsters " and shot them , according to an affidavit "  We just believe that he happened to be in the area that day , " an investigator says Sweat became a suspect in this case after being arrested this summer in his girlfriend 's death
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Phenomenon is back . You may not have recognized him when he came on as a substitute for Corinthians in a Brazilian Cup match , though . After all , he 's a few kilos heavier than the Ronaldo we grew to know and love in the last decade . Comeback Brazilian : Ronaldo is playing competitive football again -- but will he reach his former glory ? However , at 32 years of age , Ronaldo Luis Nazario de Lima is attempting another comeback . Will it be a successful one ? As far as I am concerned , it wo n't . Debate : Do you think Ronaldo can return to his former glory ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . I have had the privilege of interviewing Ronaldo various times , and spent some one-on-one time with him in Italy and France . He 's a great guy , friendly , humble and fun-loving . However , that last personality trait has contributed to a turbulent career and lifestyle . Wherever he has gone , the striker has always made his mark , on and off the field . While he was helping Barcelona , Inter Milan , Real Madrid and Brazil win a multitude of titles , he also found himself in the headlines a multitude of times for all the wrong reasons . It 's true that Ronaldo has always been unfortunate with injuries - he has undergone three major knee operations . However , his love for a night out and for a playboy lifestyle may have also contributed to the breakdown of his body . In my opinion , this is the reason he will struggle to stay fit and motivated for Corinthians this season . There are too many temptations for him in Brazil , and I do n't see him being able to resist all of them . Furthermore , he has won practically everything there is to win in the world of football , with the exception of the Champions League . So it would be fair to say that he 's not going to bend over backwards to make sure his new team wins some silverware this season . He will score the odd goal and make the odd highlight , but I do n't expect his latest comeback to be a success .	Brazilian Ronaldo is back playing competitive football for Corinthians The 32-year-old has been out for 13 months after needing knee surgery CNN 's Pedro Pinto predicts Ronaldo wo n't reach his former glory
CNN  -- The death toll grew to 38 on Tuesday as crews recovered three more bodies in last week 's devastating train derailment in the Canadian town of Lac-Megantic , said Genevieve Guilbault , spokeswoman for the Quebec coroner 's office . An unmanned 73-car train that had been parked in the neighboring town of Nantes on July 6 suddenly rolled into motion after the engineer went to a hotel . Loss , now anger , fuel a town forever changed The train slammed into the center of Lac-Megantic , and tank cars full of oil exploded and burned in the heart of the commercial district . The rail company said the train 's engineer failed to set the brakes properly , but the engineer said he reported to managers that he set 11 hand brakes on the train cars before they broke away from their engines .	Crews recovered three more bodies from train crash in Lac-Megantic Unmanned train was parked in neighboring town of Nantes on July 6 Tank cars of oil exploded in heart of commercial district
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Investigators think that a reality TV contestant wanted for questioning in the death of his ex-wife has gone to Canada , police in Washington state told CNN Thursday . Police want to question Ryan Jenkins about the death of his ex-wife , model Jasmine Fiore . Ryan Alexander Jenkins , who appeared on two VH1 reality TV shows , matched the description of a man seen driving a boat in Blaine Marina off the coast of northwest Washington on Wednesday , the Whatcom County Sheriff 's Office said . Blaine , Washington , is very near the Canadian border . Authorities searched the area and found Jenkins ' black SUV with an empty boat trailer at the Blaine Marina , police said . The nude body of Jasmine Fiore , 28 , a former swimsuit model , was found Saturday stuffed into a suitcase in California . Fiore lived in Los Angeles and was last seen alive Friday in San Diego at a poker game with her ex-husband , Jenkins . Police have wanted to question Jenkins about Fiore 's death . "  We believe that perhaps he might have information that would be beneficial to the investigation , " Lt. Gary Worrall of the Buena Park Police Department said Wednesday on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " Jenkins reported Fiore missing Saturday night to the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department , authorities said . Earlier that day , a body was found in a large suitcase inside a trash bin behind an apartment complex in Buena Park , just outside Anaheim in Orange County . Watch man describe finding body " The body was identified as Fiore on Monday . While the cause of death has not been confirmed , a preliminary coroner 's report indicates she was strangled . Jenkins , who appeared on VH1 shows , "  Megan Wants a Millionaire " and "  I Love Money 3 , " may have headed back to his native Calgary , Alberta , police said . The U.S. Marshals Service and Canadian authorities have joined the search for Jenkins , according to the Whatcom County police . Jenkins and Fiore reportedly were married for a few weeks before getting the union annulled . "  Given the fact that he has some celebrity status , we 're quite certain that he has been made aware of the media frenzy regarding this case , " Worrall said . "  And we have made some attempts to get in touch with him . " In a statement , VH1 said it has postponed any future airings of "  Megan Wants a Millionaire " because of the "  tragic situation " and said "  our thoughts go out to the victim 's family . " Davida Sullivan , who trained with Fiore in Las Vegas to be a Playboy Bunny called her a bit reserved , careful with her words , and a "  very , very sweet girl . " "  Nancy Grace " producer Philip Rosenbaum contributed to this report .	NEW : Man resembling Jenkins seen on boat near Canadian border , police say Police want to question Ryan Jenkins in connection with ex-wife 's death Jenkins reported model Jasmine Fiore , 28 , missing on August 15 Earlier that day , Fiore 's nude body was found stuffed into a suitcase
Washington  CNN  -- Martin Ginsburg , husband of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , has died of cancer at age 78 . A statement from the Supreme Court said Ginsburg died Sunday at his Washington home , due to complications from metastatic cancer . The court said a private ceremony will be held at Arlington National Cemetery , but no date was given . Ginsburg , known as Marty to his friends and family , was the outgoing , jovial opposite of his soft-spoken , diminutive wife , but the couple maintained a strong , happy marriage over 56 years . Their wedding anniversary was four days ago . The Supreme Court will wrap up its work for the term Monday , and recess for the summer . Justice Ginsburg was on the bench as recently as Thursday as rulings were announced . Until his recent illness , Ginsburg worked as a lawyer at the Washington law firm Fried Frank , and as a professor at Georgetown Law Center . He was constant presence at his wife 's side at many social and court-related events . Ginsburg was known inside the court for cooking meals for the justices , their families , and for his wife 's law clerks , a skill he picked up when discovering his wife possessed few culinary talents . That became a running joke in the family , and one which the justice regaled audiences with over the years , somewhat sheepishly . "  Professor Ginsburg is a regular contributor to the lighter side of life at the Supreme Court , " said the justice in March 2009 . "  Mainly he performs in the kitchen , for the quarterly spouses ' lunches held at the Court and , occasionally in past years , at a dinner for the entire Court family -- justices , their spouses , and widows of former Court members . In the beginning , when I was the newest justice , my dear husband offered aid in lightening my load . " Ruth Ginsburg , who joined the Supreme Court in 1993 , long credited her husband 's open-mindedness for the success she has enjoyed in her legal , academic , and judicial career , especially at a time decades ago when women were encouraged to stay home and devote their energies to supporting their spouses . Martin David Ginsburg was born in 1932 and grew up in Long Island , New York . He met his future wife on a blind date at Cornell University , and they married in 1954 . After he served a stint in the military , the couple both attended Harvard Law School . During his third year , Ginsburg developed a rare form of testicular cancer and underwent two surgeries . He credited his recovery in part to wife 's ability to juggle caring for him , their young daughter , and their dual legal studies . He later worked as a lawyer in New York and a professor at Columbia University 's law school , where Ruth Ginsburg had transferred and graduated . Unlike her husband , the future justice was unable to find a job at her alma mater or any decent offers at a law firm , so she began teaching at Rutgers University , and developed a national reputation taking on gender discrimination cases . He was known for quietly helping build and organize political support for his wife 's appointments to those top government jobs . The justice has called her husband her "  best friend and biggest booster . " "  A supportive husband who is willing to share duties and responsibilities is a must for any woman who hopes to combine marriage and a career , " she recently told a forum on professional opportunities for female lawyers . " Through his friendship with billionaire businessman and onetime presidential candidate Ross Perot , a special position -- or "  chair " in academic circles -- was created at Georgetown for the study of tax law , and named in Martin Ginsburg 's honor . It was less than successful , however , as the professor himself explained in his professional resume . "  In 1986 , someone who probably prefers never to be identified endowed a Chair in Taxation in his name at Georgetown , " wrote Ginsburg . "  No one appears willing to occupy the Ginsburg Chair , and it remains vacant , " a fact he always laughed about . The Ginsburgs had two children , Jane -- a professor at Columbia -- James , an independent record producer in Chicago , and four grandchildren .	Martin Ginsburg was Washington lawyer , law professor Wife Ruth Ginsburg joined Supreme Court in 1993 Couple celebrated wedding anniversary four days ago Martin Ginsburg had been ill with cancer
CNN  -- Prue Murdoch , the daughter of Rupert by his first marriage , once told me that her abiding memory of her father over the breakfast table was not of his beaming face , but of the back page of a newspaper . One doubts if James Murdoch even remembers that . Judging by his evidence to the parliamentary inquiry into the "  industrial-scale " hacking of innocent parties ' phones by the News of the World and The Sun -- over which he presided , as executive chairman of their publisher , News International -- he appears to have suffered so bad a case of amnesia that it 's a miracle he even remembered his own name . That his inquisitors , competitors and shareholders have struggled to believe his evidence is an understatement . Nonetheless , it still came as a surprise when James resigned from his position Wednesday , congratulating himself on the successful launch of the new Sun on Sunday last weekend . Coming so soon after the closure of the News of the World -- in apparent contrition for its despicable and illegal snooping , but in fact because advertisers had withdrawn their support -- the publication of the new Sunday rag has been widely perceived as an act of breathtaking cynicism . Pundits have even wondered if it was the Murdochs ' plan all along to cut costs by replacing two papers with one leaner , seven-day operation . But that 's another story . Today 's questions are : Why did James go now ; and how has his departure played in Parliament , in the press and with the public ? To the first , the quick answer is that his I-don ` t-know-nuthin ' stance was becoming untenable . Even the News of the World 's ex-lawyer has pointed the finger at him , and it can only be a matter of time until hard proof of his complicity in either the hacking or its coverup becomes apparent . At another level , it can be seen as a PR move : Let the parliamentarians think they 've got a scalp ; and let the public and shareholders think there 's a new broom in New International 's Augean stable . If so , it has certainly impressed the money men : News International 's share price rose 2 % on the news , and there is speculation that the company is being primed for a sale . Many politicians are also happy . Against all the academic research , it is generally believed that the press has a huge effect on the public 's voting intentions . And since the Murdoch press generally leans to the right , while its tormentors lean leftward , they are counting James ' resignation as a victory for the common man . While the Conservative Party has been rather muted on the subject , Labour 's deputy leader Harriet Harman has weighed in with veiled demands for James ' arrest and prosecution . But what of the common man ? The truth is , he probably does n't give a flying fig . A friend of mine who works in the popular press tells me that she recently commissioned some research into the attitudes of 1,000 former readers of the News of the World . "  If the paper was still being published , they would still be buying it , " she said . "  Ninety-five percent of them either did n't know or did n't care about the methods by which the paper got its stories . "  They can feel sympathy for the parents of Milly Dowler -LSB- the murdered schoolgirl whose phone was hacked by News of the World investigators -RSB- , as they can for Charlotte Church -LSB- the celebrity singer and another phone hacking victim -RSB- . But at the end of the day , their interest in a story will always outweigh any qualms about how it was obtained . " True , the public 's interest in the James Murdoch story has hardly been piqued . Most papers have made very little of it . Maybe that 's because they have their own misdemeanors to conceal ; maybe because , in such a close-knit profession , it limits job prospects to attack the son of a major employer ; maybe because of an unspoken convention among the press barons that they do n't attack each other . But one suspects that our editors know what their readers really care about . Today , that 's the death of Monkees frontman Davy Jones . And ai n't that a shame ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tim Willis .	James Murdoch resigned as the chairman of News International on Wednesday Tim Willis : His I-don ` t-know-nuthin ' stance was becoming untenable in the hacking scandal Willis : Politicians are happy about the resignation and count it as a victory for the public He says the public has far more interest in the death of Davy Jones than Murdoch news
CNN  -- When Joseph Altuzarra sent a model down the runway in an enormous black-and-white intarsia fox fur coat on Saturday , Elle 's Anne Slowey tweeted , "  Cruella de Vil  eat your heart out . " This , oddly enough , would not be the only time a ready-to-wear look would be compared to the pelt-wearing villain 's wardrobe during Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week . As fashion week faded to black Thursday with the final shows by Ralph Lauren , Calvin Klein and Marc Jacobs , the stylish affair ended exactly the way it started -- with fur , fur , everywhere , from fox to raccoon to mink . On opening day , BCBG Max Azria showed off a collection inspired by Istanbul 's architecture and the gypsies of southern Europe . Amid the layers of chunky knit sweaters and patterned tunics were knee-length , patterned fur vests and cropped fur jackets . It 's not only real pelts prancing the catwalk . Designers such as Anna Sui , Jeremy Scott and Christian Siriano accented their offerings with faux fur elements . "  This is almost the golden age in fur , " said Charles Ross , the Head of International Marketing for Saga Furs . "  Our skin prices are going up 20-30 % every year . " All this fur fervor raises the question : Is using real animal hide worth the potential controversy ? After all , it 's difficult to forget the great raccoon incident of ' 96 , in which an animal-rights activist served Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour a dead raccoon at her lunch at the Four Seasons . We have n't seen a paint-splashed mink in the headlines lately . Is it possible the moral outrage over the use of animal skin is over ? Veteran furrier Dennis Basso celebrated his brand 's 30th anniversary with a runway collection of dazzling gowns and statement furs . And relative newcomer Brandon Sun , who previously worked in the fur departments for J. Mendel and Oscar de la Renta , displayed 20 ensembles , incorporating Blackglama mink and fox fur . Non-fur-centric designers , like BCBG , played with fur collars , hats , capes , stoles and detailing . There was fur in natural hues , as well as dyed . There were even furry boots . Photos : Fashion Week in a flash "  Fur is the most luxurious thing you can use down the runway , " said Lubov Azria , chief creative officer for Max Azria designs , and Max 's wife . Lubov said the brand uses both real and faux fur in its designs , but the runway entices artistic extravagance . Mathieu Mirano 's fall presentation was pelt-heavy , including a nude tulle gown with black fox fur panels . For Mirano , an upstart in the business at just 21 , the appeal comes from fur 's versatility . "  You can use it on a coat , a jacket , or even a dress , " Mirano said . "  You can pair it with leather , sequins , wool . " Mirano said his brand is all about specialty , luxury fabrics , and fur matches that particular mindset . The furry look is right on trend for fall and winter of 2013 , according to fashion forecaster WGSN . Meanwhile , around the tents , many attendees cloaked themselves in fur to keep warm amid the historic snowfall that buried the Northeast in the middle of Fashion Week . Industry experts like Ross attribute the fur frenzy to its newfound accessibility -- no longer associated only with the rich , grandmotherly set , it has caught on with a younger , hipper crowd . Fur is also more widely available to consumers . It 's not exclusive to specialty fur boutiques like Dennis Basso 's Madison Avenue store . High-end department stores now carry scads of the fluffy stuff . But the fur-lined autumn and winter collections are a sharp contrast to Vaute Couture 's presentation last Wednesday , which was billed as the first all-vegan independent fashion house to show during New York Fashion Week . Vegan couture : Faux meets fabulous The label 's founder opted for organic cotton velvets and velveteen , colorful faux fur and soy fiber knits . Joshua Katcher , who crafted the animal-free men 's shoes for Vaute 's presentation , said the use of leather and fur is tough to rationalize now because of the technological advances of faux products . Saga 's Ross disagreed : "  The studies have shown that faux fur is an environmental nightmare . That it 's a non-biodegradable product made from petroleum whereas fur is very biodegradable and has a long shelf-life . " But Ross also contends that designers now feel more confident using the real deal after examining the chain of production and finding it humane . According to the European Fur Breeders ' Association , the E.U. is the world 's largest producer of factory farmed fur . Farms like Saga 's are governed by E.U. farming regulations . China is the second largest worldwide producer of fur pelts , but the country is often lambasted for its lack of regulation . Fur farming is currently banned in the United Kingdom , Croatia and Austria . "  Fur is not for everybody , " Ross said . "  For people that have made the decision not to use fur , we certainly respect that . But , other people should also respect the right for a designer to use it . " Saga 's fur auction house , located in western Finland , supplies fox , mink and Finn raccoon to more than 400 designers globally , many of which are showing at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week . Another reason for the fur boom is that companies like Saga are wooing and supporting young designers . Saga operates a research facility in Copenhagen , the Saga Design Centre , and invites established and emerging designers to visit and experiment with new techniques . In the case of anticipated newcomers who might not have the capital to purchase the high-end product , Ross said the Design Centre will make an investment in their first collection by providing a couple of pelts . More than 25,000 fashion industry workers have visited the center since it opened in 1988 , according to Saga 's website . As for faux fur , designers say imitation is the best form of flattery . "  I think the use of real fur vs. faux fur is up to the designer and the wearer . I prefer real fur , it 's more luxe , " designer Mirano said . "  A woman should have options and I think a lot of people do buy synthetic furs , " Lubov said , adding that he thinks the product still needs further development . Still , staunchly anti-fur designers argue it 's as simple as changing the perception of luxury -- and the definition of cool . "  In the fashion world , being a villain is definitely a sought after aesthetic and that 's a problem for ethical designers because we come across as the do-gooders , " Katcher said . Follow Sarah LeTrent on Twitter	Fur was omnipresent in the fall and winter collections at New York Fashion Week Fur industry insider says designers approve of their chain of production and find it humane Animal rights designers say faux fur can be luxurious and stylish , and is a viable alternative
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi has been killed . Here are the latest developments : -- Reacting to the news of Gadhafi 's death , Vice President Joe Biden said that "  NATO got it right " and "  the people of Libya got rid of a dictator . " -- The South African government said "  a lasting and sustainable peaceful solution is possible through an all-inclusive political process . " -- Even with Gadhafi dead , analysts say it will likely take years for the country 's oil to return to full production . It 's thought that Libya is already producing about 350,000 barrels of oil per day , up from near zero during the depths of the conflict . -- Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said Gadhafi 's death "  clears the way for the Transitional National Council in Libya to begin to put together a representative government . " -- German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the death of Gadhafi is "  important " for Libyans . -- French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's office called Gadhafi 's "  disappearance " Thursday a "  major step " in the struggle by Libyans to "  free themselves from dictatorship and violence . " Earlier developments : On the ground : -- Gadhafi 's son Mutassim has been killed , according to Anees al-Sharif , spokesman for AbdelHakim Belhajj of the Tripoli military council . -- Al-Sharif also said Gadhafi 's chief of intelligence , Abdullah al-Senussi , has been killed . -- Libyans erupted in jubilation with the first reports that Gadhafi may have been killed . A "  cacophony of celebration " could be heard in Tripoli as ships and cars blasted their horns and shots were fired into the air . -- Revolutionary fighters attacked the house where Gadhafi was hiding , National Transitional Council Information Minister Mahmoud Shammam told CNN . Gadhafi was shot while trying to flee , he said . -- A cell phone photograph distributed by the news agency Agence France-Presse appeared to show the arrest of a bloodied Gadhafi . CNN could not independently verify the authenticity of the image . -- A video surfaced that apparently shows Gadhafi 's body . International : -- NATO is going to convene soon for a meeting to discuss ending its operation in Libya , a source told CNN 's Barbara Starr on Thursday . -- NATO said its aircraft struck two pro-Gadhafi military vehicles in the vicinity of Sirte on Thursday . "  These armed vehicles were conducting military operations and presented a clear threat to civilians , " Col. Roland Lavoie said . -- U.S. Defense Department costs for operations in Libya stand at about $ 1.1 billion as of September 30 , according to Pentagon spokesman George Little . That includes daily military operations , munitions , the drawdown of supplies and humanitarian assistance . -- Opposition activists from Syria and Yemen said dictators should pay heed to the fate of Gadhafi . -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said , "  This day marks an historic transition for Libya " -- Sen. John Kerry , chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said Gadhafi 's death marks the end of his reign of terror and the promise of a new Libya .	Vice President Joe Biden said that "  NATO got it right " South Africa says "  a lasting and sustainable peaceful solution is possible "
CNN  -- Q : Why are doctors recommending fewer cancer screenings ? Should n't you find out if you have cancer and then decide whether to treat it ? "  His teeth began to chatter . God All-Mighty ! He thought , why have n't I realized it all these years . I 've gone around with a -- skeleton -- inside me ! I wo n't stand for it . " In one of Ray Bradbury 's most famous short stories , "  The Skeleton , " the lead character goes insane after becoming obsessed with the fact that he has something foreign and frightening inside himself . The story , preposterous as it is , rings psychologically true because it taps into the most primal of all human terrors : Having one 's body invaded by something different than oneself , especially when that thing is not just different , but dangerous . This evolved fear , which is supported by very specific mechanisms in the brain and nervous system , likely helps explain why people are so much more terrified of cancer than they are of heart disease , even though the average American is more likely to die of the latter than the former . In the case of heart disease , there is only the failure of something we 've always had ticking away inside us . On the other hand , cancers are our own cells that quickly become hideous mutant beings , not quite us , but not quite something else either . Whatever they are , they invade our bodies to disfigure and destroy us . Much has been written recently about why people are so upset over the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommendation to abandon the current practice of routinely screening healthy men for prostate cancer . Some experts have argued that the negative reaction comes from the fact that the panel is just flat-out wrong . The problem with this argument is that copious data suggest that the panel is right . A recent blog on Time.com more insightfully suggested that people are loathe to abandon even worthless blood tests because they anecdotally know someone who claims he/she was saved by getting this test at the right moment . Prostate cancer screening 's false promise As a psychiatrist I ca n't help but wonder if the extra fever pitch of outrage over abandoning prostate-specific antigen , or PSA , tests might also have its roots in our primal fear of harboring dangerous strangers beneath our skin and our consequent reluctance to give up any light in the darkness that might flush such foreign combatants from the shores of our bodies . To understand the mental health implications of this idea we have to take a step back and ask why abandoning the PSA test would improve our society 's health . One reason is that , despite its name , the PSA is not particularly specific . This means that many people with a positive test will turn out not to have prostate cancer . That 's good news for the affected individual , but bad news for overall health and well-being , because this conclusion only comes at the end of a medical work up that includes a biopsy and other procedures that come with their own health risks . Here is the more relevant reason for abandoning the PSA : It is probably even more dangerous when it is right than when it is wrong . That 's because prostate cancer frequently follows one of three courses . Sometimes it remains small and contained and does n't grow . In this situation it poses no health risk . Sometimes it grows , but grows so slowly that the person will almost certainly die of old age before succumbing to the cancer . Again this situation poses no health risk . Sometimes the cancer grows rapidly and is so aggressive that it will kill the person regardless of when it is discovered . In this case the PSA test does no material good . What these situations share is the fact that in each case , knowing that you have a cancer growing inside of you does n't do you a whole lot of good . Here is what is being largely ignored in the current controversy : Would it cause harm to know you have a cancer growing inside you and do nothing about it ? You do n't have to be a mental health specialist to suspect the answer to this question is yes , for several reasons . At the most basic level , the knowledge that one harbors an ignored malignancy would place many people in an emotional state reminiscent of the unfortunate main character in Ray Bradbury 's story . They would know that something strange , foreign and dangerous had taken up residence inside themselves , and this knowledge would almost certainly alter how they perceived themselves in multiple ways , subtle and not so subtle . But the real cost would come from the fact that not following up on a positive PSA test would almost certainly promote the development of mood and anxiety disorders . Why ? Because we know from many studies that feeling powerless in response to a threat or danger in the environment greatly increases the risk that a person will develop depression and related conditions like post-traumatic stress disorder . Knowing you harbor a tumor and are n't able to do anything with this knowledge would be a perfect example of this phenomenon . The cost of this knowledge would be especially high for those already predisposed to mood and anxiety disorders as a result of a tendency to worry , to ruminate , to focus too greatly on their health . But can you imagine any better way to make a previously normal person into a ruminating wreck ? Imagine living in a world in which every mention of the word "  cancer " immediately reminded one of his own situation and his inability to do anything meaningful about it ? So from a mental health perspective , it seems to me the guidelines around PSA testing are clear : To continue PSA testing in low-risk individuals will significantly increase mental health morbidity if treatment guidelines change such that prostate cancers are not routinely removed . But it is also clear that PSA testing itself is not the deepest issue at play in the current debate . What it really comes down to is the question of whether we can sufficiently overcome our evolved terror of harboring dangerous foreign invaders inside ourselves to tolerate the clear implication of the Task Force 's recommendation : For medically healthy men , prostate screening is truly a situation in which ignorance is bliss .	Task Force recommends against routinely screening healthy men for prostate cancer Dr. Charles Raison says mental health can decline when people worry about their health Many people with a positive PSA test will turn out not to have prostate cancer
Coronado , California  CNN  Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker portrayed himself as a battle tested warrior who has successfully beat back successive attempts by powerful Democratic-aligned organizations to try and defeat him , during a campaign style speech Thursday night to members of the Republican National Committee . Walker , who is considering a run for the Republican presidential nomination , used his remarks to sharply criticize Washington and Hillary Clinton as he argued that Republicans should look to the states for a presidential nominee in 2016 . While not outwardly saying he would run , it was clear Walker was making the point to these state party leaders and activists that he has the record and the experience to be the next GOP nominee . "  I want to share a vision , I think we have a unique opportunity going forward , not only for the good of this party , but more importantly for the good of the country , to find a new fresh leader out there who can take big bold ideas , take ideas that come from of outside of Washington , from the states all the way down to the grassroots , " Walker said . "  We need someone who hopefully has the backing and the track-record of success , of showing that commonsense , commonsense conservative reforms can work not just in Wisconsin , but they can work all across America . " Walker reiterated a common theme throughout his remarks that it is a time for a "  fresh new approach " -- an apparent reference to Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush , both of whom have strongly signaled they will seek the Republican nomination . As he was leaving the ballroom following his speech , Walker was asked about Romney , to which he replied "  good man " as he walked away . In his speech , he noted it was critical for the GOP to offer voters a contrasting vision and experience in governing in the next election . "  For us going forward , if we are going to be up against particularly , Hillary Clinton , we got to offer a new fresh approach , and ideally it comes from the states , " he said . "  The reason for that , the reason we mentioned last week in our inaugural address is the states is the place where he actually gets things done . That matters . " Walker was a top target for national Democrats last year , but he won re-election by more than five points . He survived a recall election in 2012 . Walker also emphasized that he enjoyed campaigning and meeting voters -- an important trait for a presidential candidate who endures grueling hours on the road away from family and friends . He told the audience that the reason he was motivated to run for governor in 2009 was because of his sons . "  We were afraid that the state was not as great as the Wisconsin we grew up in , " Walker said of the decision he made with his wife to seek the governorship . Walker then followed by saying that since taking office , "  because of our reforms in our great state of Wisconsin , they are growing up in a state that is better , even better than the state I grew up in . " He later added , "  I look at our country I am worried about our country the same way I was worried about my state in 2009 . "	Walker is considering a run for the White House in 2016 He spoke to members of the Republican National Committee Thursday
When Melissa Stegner thinks about the days after Christmas in 2007 , it 's mostly a blur with a few focused , unavoidable truths . Her dad , Scott , and big brother , Sean , had dropped her grandmother at home . As father and son headed back to Virginia , a Cadillac Escalade crossed into the southbound lane and struck the Stegners ' Chrysler minivan head-on . The SUV driver was drunk , a repeat offender . Her dad and brother died before rescue workers arrived . "  I was totally naive to drunk driving and the dangers of alcohol , " said Melissa , now 17 . "  I did n't know how to deal with it . Nobody knew how to deal with it . " Years later , her story precedes her in the high school hallways . She thinks she 'll always be known as the girl whose family was killed by a drunken driver . She 'd always thought of herself as shy , but the worst moments of her life have become a reason to speak up . She 's talked about her father and brother in courtrooms , and to convicted drunken drivers . She spoke this year at the national conference of Mothers Against Drunk Driving . Perhaps most importantly , she 's talks about it at school , to teens , to anybody her age who will listen . She believes talking about it prevents more accidents and helps her heal . "  I remind my friends that no matter what , drinking and driving is not OK . There 's no dumber decision you can make , " she said . Even in high school , where everybody feels invincible , where she knows people party with beer , "  I 've had people come up to me and thank me , " she said . They 're exactly the conversations advocates against underage drinking and drunken driving want to happen more . After all the laws , stats and warnings , they 're learning that peers and parents are among the most powerful influences on whether teens drink alcohol . A report released last week by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention showed the number of teens who drink and drive dropped by 54 % in the last 20 years . Ninety percent of high school students surveyed said they do n't drink and drive at all . For all the improvement , the CDC estimated that high school teens still drank alcohol and drove 2.4 million times every month in 2011 . And young drivers are 17 times more likely to die in a crash when there 's alcohol involved . "  Because of that heightened risk , we can never be complacent , " said Ralph Hingson , a director at the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism . Putting a face on the warnings and statistics can help , he said . "  I testified probably 50 times to state legislatures about different interventions you could do to reduce the problems , " Hingson said . "  I 'm not nearly as effective with the data alone as when people come and tell stories . It 's people , not just numbers . " In 2008 , Mothers Against Drunken Driving members began to take a closer look at the research about what would really stop kids from drinking , and from driving afterward . They 'd successfully advocated for graduated licenses for new drivers and zero-tolerance laws for drivers younger than 21 with alcohol in their systems and needed a next step . "  Over many years , we were doing what sounded like it would work . Some of it did work , " MADD National President Jan Withers said . But not everything . Research helped them realize schools assemblies did n't sway teens as much as a conversation with their parents , or an exchange with a classmate . They 're trying to get kids and parents to rethink how they talk to each other about alcohol , no matter how awkward it might feel . "  Parents believe the peer pressure is so great that they do n't have as much influence on their teens as they actually do , " Withers said . Empower them , and "  it moves into the power of community -- students and adults work together . " Others around the country are coming to the same conclusion . In Montana , Mariah 's Challenge asks people younger than 21 to promise publicly they wo n't drink or get in a car with someone who has . The program was was founded by Jimm Kilmer , Chad Okrusch and Leo McCarthy , a 2012 Top 10 CNN Hero . McCarthy 's 14-year-old daughter , Mariah , was killed in 2007 when an underage drunken driver ran into her as she walked along the sidewalk a block from her house . Kilmer 's and Okrusch 's daughters were injured , too . "  If you stick with me for four years , " McCarthy told the crowd during Mariah 's eulogy , "  do n't use alcohol , do n't use illicit drugs but give back to your community , work with your parents and talk to your parents , I 'll be there with a bunch of other people to give you money . " Since then , more than 140 high school graduates in different communities around the country have gotten $ 1,000 scholarships from the program . At Melissa Stegner 's high school in Virginia , she launched a chapter of Students Against Destructive Decisions that now boasts about 30 members . She was also among the first to join MADD and State Farm 's Power of You  th  National Teen Influencer Group this year . The whole idea : No matter the stats , keep talking about drunken driving . Later this month , during MADD 's annual high school Red Ribbon Week , the group will distribute a new guide for teens , written with guidance from Melissa and other young people . It reminds students that the majority of teens do n't drink , and even fewer binge drink ; that teens react differently to alcohol than adults ; that there could be major legal consequences to drinking . It offers ideas about talking to parents , and resources to call if a family member has a drinking problem . "  We 're doing everything we can to empower youth to make sure they know they have influence over their own lives , " Withers said . "  We still want to be constantly talking about the issue . " Withers , after all , has her own story . When her kids were growing up in Maryland , they were never allowed to drink at home or to join their friends for Ocean City getaways some saw as a rite of passage . They 'd all signed contracts that said they would n't drink and drive and promised to call if they needed a ride . One night in 1992 , her 15-year-old daughter , Alisa , spent the night at a friend 's house . The girls went out with another group of friends . The driver had been drinking . Alisa was killed . Looking back , Withers said , she thought she 'd talked to her kids about drinking and driving . Now she knows it was n't often enough . "  I had the attitude that ` They know how I feel about it , ' " Withers said . "  I believe she had some of the tools -- she certainly did n't drink that night . "  But still Alisa got in the car . "	CDC : The number of teens who drink and drive has plummeted 54 % in 20 years But every month , millions of them still do it -- and the results are often tragic MADD leaders say it 's parents , peers that resonate with teens , not statistics Top 10 CNN Hero Leo McCarthy gives scholarships to students who pledge not to drink
CNN  -- Well played , fake Scott Weiland . A man arrested July 26 by Beverly Hills police on suspicion of shoplifting at a local Rite Aid and alleged drug possession was somehow able to convince police he was the Stone Temple Pilots frontman . But the real Weiland -- upon seeing a report on TMZ 's website posted Thursday that he was in jail -- quickly recorded a video and posted it on his Facebook page to prove that he was free . "  I just got done reading something very interesting , a nice piece of fiction from TMZ saying that I was in jail and have been for four months , " the musician said in the video . "  I 've actually been touring , writing and recording my new album . " Weiland has had run-ins with police before due to problems with addiction . For its part , TMZ said that -- after seeing an obviously not incarcerated Weiland -- the site "  then called the Sheriff 's Dept. back but they were unwavering , telling us they did a ` physical check ' on the inmate and insisted Scott ` was definitely in custody . ' " "  The BHPD got back to us late Thursday night and said they made a BIG mistake ... the inmate is actually a 44-year-old guy named Jason Michael Hurley , " TMZ reported . "  They discovered it through belated FBI fingerprint analysis , even though he 's been locked up since July 26 . " According to the Los Angeles Times , Hurley gave police the name and birthdate of Weiland and now probably also face charges of giving false information to officers . Hurley remains in the Men 's Central Jail in Los Angeles . Weiland had a few arrests in the 1990s for drug possession and completed a stint in rehab in 2008 after being arrested for allegedly driving under the influence of drugs .	The rocker is not in jail A Weiland imposter has been locked up since July 26 TMZ said police insisted they had Weiland
Chicago  CNN  -- The family of a Chicago teenager killed just a week after she performed in President Barack Obama 's inauguration supports using her death to help shape the debate over gun control , her father and godfather said Thursday . "  Yes , definitely , " Hadiya Pendleton 's father , Nathaniel Pendleton , said on CNN 's "  Early Start . " Pendleton , 15 , an honor student and band majorette at Kings College Prep School , died Tuesday after a gunman shot her at a park in what her godfather , Damon Stuart , described as an "  ideal community " on Chicago 's South Side . Giffords : ` Too many children dying ' Police have told CNN affiliates that the teenager had no gang affiliation and likely was not the intended target . The issue quickly entered the national discussion over gun control , with White House spokesman Jay Carney referring to it in his daily press briefing and the issue coming up Wednesday in a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence . Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin cited the girl 's death as more evidence of the need for stronger gun control . "  Yesterday , in a rainstorm after school , she raced to a shelter . A gunman came in and shot her dead , " he said during the hearing . "  Just a matter of days after the happiest day of her life , she 's gone . " White House spokesman Jay Carney described her death as a "  terrible tragedy . " Watch : Chicago 's 500 homicides in 2012 Hadiya 's father said she had been ecstatic to participate in the inaugural festivities . "  It was one of the great things , she was so excited , " Nathaniel Pendleton said . "  She had been talking about it way before the inauguration , way before the election . " The year has gotten off to a deadly start in Chicago -- Hadiya Pendleton was the 42nd murder victim of 2013 . No arrests have been made in the case . Chicago recorded 506 murders in 2012 . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel described the teenager Wednesday as "  what 's best in our city , a child going to school who takes a final exam , who had just been to the inaugural . " "  We have a responsibility to see a stop to this , " he said . "  And all of us are responsible . " LaPierre , the NRA 's heavyweight Carney said the president and first lady 's thoughts and prayers are with Hadiya Pendleton 's family . "  And as the president said , we will never be able to eradicate every act of evil in this country , " Carney said , "  but if we can save even one child 's life , we have an obligation to try when it comes to the scourge of gun violence . " How the violent mentally ill can buy guns CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report from Chicago , CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed from Washington and Catherine E. Shoichet and Michael Pearson contributed from Atlanta .	NEW : Father of slain Chicago girl supports using her death to spur gun control talks Last week she performed in events surrounding President Obama 's inauguration "  She was so excited , " Hadiya Pendleton 's father says about her participation in inaugural "  Just a matter of days after the happiest day of her life , she 's gone , " Sen. Dick Durbin says
President Barack Obama 's upcoming budget plan , which according to senior administration officials will include proposed changes to Social Security and Medicare plus some new tax increases in an effort for the president to reach a deal with Republicans on deficit reduction , quickly drew criticism from liberal groups on Friday . The progressive group MoveOn.org labeled the president 's proposed changes to Social Security as "  unconscionable " and Democracy for America called the cuts "  profoundly disturbing . " "  Millions of MoveOn members did not work night and day to put President Obama into office so that he could propose policies that would hurt some of our most vulnerable people , " read a statement from Anna Galland , executive director of the group . Boehner blasts reported Obama budget as ` wrong direction ' The budget will include an offer Obama made to House Speaker John Boehner in December , officials said . That proposal included $ 400 billion in savings to Medicare over 10 years . Obama follows up on past call to bolster U.S. infrastructure "  The president 's budget to be presented on Wednesday will show how we can invest in the things we need to grow our economy , create jobs and strengthen the middle class while further reducing the deficit in a balanced way , " a senior administration official said . But Boehner said he and the president were never able to reach an agreement because Obama 's "  offers never lived up to his rhetoric , " a reality he said still exists . "  When the president visited the Capitol last month , House Republicans stated a desire to find common ground and urged him not to make savings we agree upon conditional on another round of tax increases . If reports are accurate , the president has not heeded that call , " Boehner said in a statement . For Social Security , Obama plans to propose a switch to a key Republican request called "  chained CPI , " which is an inflation formula . Obama seeks $ 100m to unlock mysteries of the brain Proponents say chained CPI is a more accurate way to measure inflation than the way it 's done now , which they say overstates growth in consumer prices . Some critics have said chained CPI is not a better way to measure inflation for Social Security recipients , because they spend so much on health care , which rises faster than inflation . The geeky debt fix that might work Other highlights : - The new budget would lead to $ 1.8 trillion in savings in 10 years and replace the forced budget cuts that took effect on March 1 , also known as the sequester . - The budget includes funding for initiatives that Obama outlined in his State of the Union address , including universal access to prekindergarten education . That move would be paid for by increases to cigarette taxes . So far , forced spending cuts not as bad as advertised - The plan would also close a current loophole that allows people to collect disability and unemployment benefits at the same time , a move that could create savings for the government , officials said . Obama 's budget was due in February . Previously White House officials would only say the budget was coming the week of April 8 , without revealing a specific date . Republicans were sharply critical of the delay , which came after protracted negotiations over spending cuts and tax rates . Opinion : Obama 's slow growth economy is n't good enough	Obama pushed this plan before in talks with House Speaker John Boehner Official : Plan would include $ 400 billion in savings to Medicare over 10 years Budget "  will show how we can invest in the things we need to grow our economy , " official says
CNN  -- At least 29 people died in a head-on crash involving two buses Friday in northeastern Nigeria , national police said . The buses caught fire , with 11 of the dead burned beyond recognition , according to a police news release . Sixteen people were injured in the crash in Daniski village in Yobe state . Nigeria 's roadways are among the deadliest in the world , according to the World Health Organization . Causes of deadly incidents include human error , vehicle overloading , poor maintenance and bad roads . Dozens killed in China bus crash 12 killed in bus crash in Mexico	Two buses collide in northeastern Nigeria 11 victims burned beyond recognition
New Delhi  CNN  -- The death toll from Monday 's building collapse in southern India has risen to 13 , local officials said Tuesday . The three-storey hotel was located in Secunderabad , a city in Andhra Pradesh state , senior police official Anjani Kumar told CNN . Rescue operations are ongoing at the scene , he said . The cause of the collapse would be investigated once the rescue phase was over , he added . According to Municipal Commissioner M.T. Krishna Babu , another 21 people were injured . He said at least 19 people had been pulled from under the rubble .	13 dead , 21 hurt as hotel collapses in southern city of Secunderabad Rescuers are continuing to search for people trapped under the rubble The cause of the collapse is still unknown at this stage
Washington  CNN  -- Nearly 16 years after a fuel tank explosion destroyed TWA Flight 800 , killing all 230 aboard , the Federal Aviation Administration on Friday proposed to fine Boeing Co. $ 13.57 million for failing to meet a deadline intended to prevent similar catastrophes . The FAA said Boeing failed to meet a 2010 deadline to give airlines information on how to reduce fuel tank flammability , missing the deadline by 301 days for its B-747 aircraft , and by 406 days for its B-757 planes . Because of the missed deadline , airlines have asked the FAA for extensions to make necessary fixes , the FAA said . The FAA said it is considering extending a deadline requiring airlines to retrofit half of their aircraft by 2014 , but will not extend a 2017 deadline to retrofit all impacted aircraft . Some 383 Boeing aircraft in the United States are affected by the delays , it said . "  We take this matter very seriously , " said acting FAA Administrator Michael Huerta . "  We have issued hundreds of directives to eliminate fuel ignition sources over the past 16 years , and this step will add another layer of safety . " In a two-page letter to Boeing on Friday , the FAA proposed the fine of $ 13,574,400 . Miles Kotay , a Boeing spokesman , said Friday in a statement that the company is "  committed " to continuing efforts to provide a solution to the problem . "  Boeing has since provided the service instructions to the FAA concerning the out-of-production aircraft that are the subject of the proposed penalty , " the statement said . "  In compliance with the rule changes , Boeing has already included a Flammability Reduction System in the basic design on the 747-8 and 787 . The system is being installed on all Boeing airplanes currently in production  737 , 747-8 , 767 , 777 and 787  and is available for retrofit on all other out-of-production models . The system is currently in service on 1,805 Boeing airplanes around the world . " The July 17 , 1996 , explosion of TWA 800 , a Boeing 747 , was one of the deadliest accidents in aviation history , and was among the most difficult to solve . Although it was originally feared the explosion over the Atlantic Ocean near Long Island , New York , may have been downed by terrorists , National Transportation Safety Board investigators eventually concluded that a short in some electrical lines ignited the volatile fuel-air mixture in the plane 's nearly empty center-wing fuel tank . The TWA 800 case illustrates the slow process of identifying and correcting dangerous systems on sophisticated aircraft . By the time all jetliners are retrofitted with safety systems in 2017 , two decades will have passed since the initial accident . The FAA has itself come under fire for the slow pace of change . In 2005 , the NTSB criticized the FAA , saying there had been little progress in making aircraft safer from fuel tank explosions . "  The stark reality is that on a fleet-wide basis , on the flammability side we are no different today than we were in 1996 , " the NTSB said at the time . On Friday , the FAA took the offensive , saying Boeing had failed to meet deadlines . The FAA said that since the TWA accident , it has issued 283 directives to prevent the ignition of vapors in and around commercial aircraft fuel tanks . In January 2010 , Boeing committed to providing instructions for FAA approval for airline mechanics by December of that year . The instructions were to explain how to install systems that would replace the oxygen in airplane fuel tanks with non-flammable nitrogen gas , reducing the risk of explosion . But it missed those deadlines , the FAA said . The FAA said Airbus , the other aircraft manufacturer , met the deadline . Boeing has 30 days to respond to the agency .	The FAA says Boeing has failed to meet a deadline to prevent similar crashes as TWA Flight 800 The flight crashed in July 1996 after an explosion in the central fuel tank Boeing has n't yet given airlines information on how to reduce fuel tank flammability , FAA says
The Hague , Netherlands  CNN  -- Bosnian Serb genocide suspect Ratko Mladic Monday refused to enter a plea at his war crimes trial , demanding new lawyers and speaking over the judge until he was removed from the court . Mladic , who was captured earlier this year after more than 15 years in hiding , was a combative defendant , repeatedly interrupting the U.N. war crimes tribunal 's judge . "  You 're not allowing me to breathe , " the former general said Monday before Judge Alphons Orie ordered him removed from the court and adjourned briefly . Orie then entered not guilty pleas to all counts against Mladic and adjourned the hearing indefinitely . Monday 's appearance was Mladic 's second at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia . At his first appearance on June 3 , Mladic dismissed as "  obnoxious " charges against him . "  I would like to receive what you 've read out just now , these obnoxious charges leveled against me , " Mladic said , after the judge recited the charges against him . "  I want to read this properly , to give it some proper thought together with my lawyers , because I need more than a month for these monstrous words , the ones that I 've never heard before . " Mladic was the commander of Bosnian Serb forces during the civil war in Bosnia-Herzegovina , the bloodiest of the conflicts that accompanied Yugoslavia 's breakup in the 1990s . The 69-year-old is accused of leading a campaign of "  ethnic cleansing " against Bosnia 's Muslim and Croat populations that included the shelling of Sarajevo and the torture , abuse and rape of civilians . More than 200,000 Muslims and Croats died in the 1992-95 conflict , including nearly 8,000 Muslim men and boys slaughtered at Srebrenica in 1995 . It was Europe 's worst massacre since World War II . His first court appearance at The Hague occurred days after he was arrested after more than 15 years in hiding . During the appearance , he asked for more time to enter a plea , saying he needs more than the 30 days required so he can understand the charges . He was "  gravely ill , " he said , and had not yet read the documents relating to the charges . Mladic was asked whether there was any issue relating to his arrest or detention , or any other issue that he wanted to raise . Mladic -- who repeatedly said he stood up for his country -- said he did n't kill Croats . "  I do not fear any journalist or any people , any nation or ethnicity . I defended my country and people ... now I am defending myself , " Mladic said . "  If you want the proceedings to proceed as they should ... I just have to say that I want to live to see that I am a free man . And such as I am , I am defending my country and my people and not Ratko Mladic . " Mladic was taken to The Hague after losing his fight against extradition from Serbia . He was charged with genocide , crimes against humanity and violations of the laws of war . An amended indictment against him was then filed to make sure charges "  reflect the most recent developments in the tribunal 's case law . " The suspect gave himself up without a fight May 26 . Officials located Mladic in a village north of the Serbian capital after culling information from his former comrades and close family members . It is unclear what source led investigators to the former military commander . The arrest clears a major hurdle that once stood between Serbia and its long-awaited entrance into the European Union , but the move could also usher in a political backlash from the country 's electorate , some of whom consider Mladic a hero . Other key fugitive war criminal suspects previously captured are Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic and former Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic , who died in jail in 2006 during his trial at The Hague . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen , Dan Rivers , Nic Robertson and Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	NEW : The hearing is adjourned until further notice The court orders a combative Mladic removed from the hearing The judge enters a not guilty plea on his behalf The former Bosnian Serb commander was arrested after more than 15 years in hiding
Los Angeles  CNN  -- As Michael Jackson 's three children stood onstage at the end of their father 's memorial in July 2009 , many wondered how Prince , Paris and Blanket would adapt to the world their father had always shielded them from . The late pop icon 's oldest son turned 16 this month , and his birthday wish shed light on what his future may hold . Prince Michael Jackson has a driver 's license , a girlfriend and ambition to start a career in the entertainment industry . "  I 'm looking to become well-rounded as a producer , director , screenwriter and actor , " Prince told Entertainment Tonight reporter Brooke Anderson last week . His interview was part of his first big job , as a special guest correspondent for the show . Prince 's assignment was interviewing James Franco , Zach Braff and Sam Raimi about their movie "  Oz the Great and Powerful . " He begins his second job this week , a guest star role on the CW Television Network 's teen drama "  90210 . " While many parents encourage their 16-year-olds to get a job to supply their own pocket money , Prince gets an allowance from his father 's estate , large by any teenager 's standards . It will progressively grow as he gets older , eventually at least 20 % of the fortune being managed by the executors his father 's estate . But Prince has told family and friends that he wants to stand on his own , and not in the shadow of his superstar dad . Being a rising star in perhaps the world 's most famous show biz family , he has plenty of relatives to call on for help and advice . Aunt La Toya Jackson agreed to help her nephew . Her company Ja-Tail Enterprises , based in a sprawling office in Beverly Hills , California , is representing him , booking his interviews and jobs , according to a source in the company who 's close to him . It 's what Prince Jackson asked for as a birthday present , the source said . Some journalists and fans reacted negatively to word that he was entering the work world , suggesting that his father would never have approved . Several sources close to the Jackson family agree that it would not be happening if Michael Jackson were still alive . Remaining sheltered behind the gates of his father 's mansions and the masks he wore in public as a child was no longer an option after Jackson 's death from a surgical anesthetic overdose nearly four years ago . The children are living with their grandmother , assisted by cousin T.J. Jackson , in a hilltop mansion in in the same gated Calabasas , California , development that is home to Justin Bieber . Prince and sister Paris , who turns 15 in April , attend a private school . They are both active on Twitter , sharing personal thoughts and photos with the world . People who know them describe them as normal , smart and strong . An acting role may be more likely for the son of a superstar than a job at a fast-food restaurant , a typical first job for many American teens . Janet Jackson , Wissam Al Mana are married	Prince Michael Jackson has a driver 's license , girlfriend and ambition to start a career He will guest star on the CW network 's teen drama "  90210 " He turned 16 this month Aunt La Toya Jackson represents her brother 's oldest son in show biz
CNN  -- Temporary calm returned to Rio de Janeiro on Saturday as anxious residents remained locked in their homes , awaiting developments in the week-long conflict that has turned their picturesque city into a de facto war zone . Dozens of armored military vehicles combed the streets of Rio on Saturday , video from CNN 's Brazilian affiliate TV Record showed , as authorities prepare for another incursion into some of the city 's notoriously dangerous shanty towns , including the Alemao favela complex -- a virtually impenetrable labyrinth of slums in the city 's north . Police spokesman Mario Sergio Duarte declared an ultimatum Saturday against drug gangs in the complex , stating that a military attack is imminent . "  We will not retreat in our decision to bring peace to Rio , " Duarte said . "  We are in our final stages of reaching the traffickers in the Alemao complex . " "  Whoever wants to turn himself in , do it now , " he said . At least 35 people have died , 174 arrested and 123 detained since violence broke out Sunday as a response by drug gangs to an increased police presence in the crime-ridden slums , known as favelas , police said , according to the official Agencia Brasil . More than 96 vehicles have been burned . Gangs continued to torch buses and exchange fire with police Friday throughout the city 's northern neighborhoods as more than 800 federal troops arrived to support Rio 's civil authorities who are often outnumbered and outgunned by the powerful criminal groups . Freedom of movement also has been curtailed in the conflict zones as police put up blockades in an effort to prevent fugitive criminal gang members from finding protection in neighboring slums . Residents trapped in the crossfire and unable to go to their jobs have waved white flags outside their homes asking drug gangs to spare them , as criminals spray police with semi-automatic weapon fire and military artillery . On Friday , police detained the wife of Marcinho V.P , a renowned drug lord who allegedly ordered the coordinated attacks from a prison in the state of Parana . According to local reports , the conflict began November 21 when disgruntled drug traffickers decided to launch an attack against Rio residents to protest the government 's crackdown on their organizations . TV Record showed two letters allegedly written by drug lords from maximum-security prisons , protesting the government 's crackdown on drug trafficking and vowing to avenge the arrest of their members . Ocimar Santos , president of Rocinha.org , the website for Rio 's largest favela , said that for people who live in Rio 's slums , this is business as usual . "  They are listening to the rumors and laying low , " Santos said . If the conflict spills over to Rocinha , residents there are ready for violence , he said . But for the first time , Santos said , they will side with the police . "  We now perceive that our population feels more protected and respected by the police with the creation of these ... peace units , " he said . Another development in the conflict is the direct involvement of the federal government . Brazil 's Defense Minister Nelson Jobim said that in addition to the 800 federal troops , other reinforcements in support of local police are being directed to Rio amid fears that the crisis could spill over to neighboring states . "  This is not a time to bypass risks , it is the moment to face them , " Jobim said Friday . Brazil 's President Luiz Inacio da Silva said his government will do all it can to support the government of Rio de Janeiro in its fight against drug gangs . Antonio C. Costa , president of Rio de Paz , a local NGO , drew attention to the civilian victims of the clashes and blamed Rio 's state government for creating a so-called "  urban Vietnam " in the city -- the future site of the 2016 Summer Olympics . "  The world 's eyes are on Rio de Janeiro , praying that we find a solution to the security crisis , but also intent on knowing whether we are handling this as civilized people , " Costa said .	Police spokesman says a military attack on notorious slum is imminent "  Whoever wants to turn himself in , do it now , " he says Civilians are trapped in the crossfire The violence is a response by drug gangs to an increased police presence in slums
CNN  -- Peru 's president arrived Tuesday night at a mine in southern Peru , where he was expected to lead an operation to reach nine trapped miners . "  We have been able to talk with the miners . Their spirits are quite high , " President Ollanta Humala told reporters outside the mine . But more work needs to be done before the rescue begins , Humala said . Engineers were working to make sure the mine was secure "  so there are no victims , " he said . "  Those same engineers tell us that we have to wait a few hours . They have n't said how many , " the president said . The miners have been stuck since Thursday in the wildcat Cabeza de Negro mine in southern Peru . Earlier Tuesday , one of the mining engineers in charge of the rescue declined to give a specific time frame for the operation . "  We ca n't say how long it will take right now to get them out , but I can guarantee that they are alive , that they are in good health , and that ultimately they are going to be freed alive , " engineer Carlos Bejarano said . A cave-in over the weekend complicated efforts . "  It 's very complicated work . We 're taking into account all the necessary security measures to avoid risks among the rescuers themselves , " said Cesar Chonate , a regional head of Peru 's civil defense agency , the state-run Andina news agency reported . Video from state-run TV Peru showed workers , wearing hard hats and headlamps , loading rocks into a pushcart by hand . It was not clear what caused the initial collapse . The miners have been getting oxygen , food and water through a tube , which has also allowed them to stay in contact with people above ground , Andina reported . Peruvian Mining Minister Jorge Merino was also in the area and appealed to mining companies for their expertise , according to a statement from his office . Mining is big business in Peru , which is a major world producer of copper , silver , gold and other minerals . "  The important thing is that the nine people are alive . We wo n't abandon them , " Merino said . The ordeal stirred memories of a 2010 Chilean mine collapse in which 33 men were trapped underground for 69 days . All those miners were rescued , pulled one by one from hundreds of meters beneath the Earth 's surface with a specially designed capsule .	NEW : Peru 's president says it will be "  a few hours " before the rescue begins NEW : The miners ' "  spirits are quite high , " President Ollanta Humala says Nine miners have been trapped since Thursday In 2010 , 33 miners were rescued after being trapped underground for 69 days in Chile
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- Joel Osteen strides into the former Compaq Center . Some 20,000 people are standing and singing . Purple lights softly pulse across the ceiling , and mist floats around two giant screens flashing words to the songs . It 's not a pulpit but a podium . It 's not an altar but a stage . There is no cross . Instead a huge globe spins , and two massive bubbling creeks flank the stage . A lighting system softens distant corners of the massive arena and spreads colored light and smoke in strategic spots . Somehow , the space that will hold 40,000-plus on Sunday morning does n't feel like a sports arena . In the control room , producers watch multiple camera angles and feeds . Smiling broadly , Osteen bounds up the few stairs to the stage , closes his eyes , lifts his hands and leads a prayer . "  God , I 'm going to start this week off in faith . Expecting your goodness . Expecting to have a blessed and a prosperous week . Amen . Well , God bless you . Give him your very best today . " Welcome to Sunday morning at Lakewood Church in Houston , Texas . It 's reportedly the nation 's largest congregation and probably one of the most diverse places in America . One third of these churchgoers are Hispanic , one-third African-American and a quarter white . There are dozens of nationalities . Osteen will give this sermon twice . He later said he knows immediately which segments to edit together into a sermon that will air on television to millions three weeks later . Between services , he is signing his most recent book in the lobby , just past the bookstore that is one of the highest-grossing Christian bookstores in America . His wife , Victoria , is co-pastor of the church and a best-selling author in her own right . In fact , the Osteens are not paid to be pastors at Lakewood , according to the church , but they live off the considerable proceeds of their books . Joel Osteen 's advance for "  It 's Your Time , " his third book , an instant best-seller , was $ 12 million , according to the church . Settled into the pastor 's suite after two Sunday services and book signings , Osteen explains why he is telling people it 's the time to "  thrive . " "  I tell them that this is not the time to get discouraged or put your life on hold and really to be talked into having a down year , " Osteen said . "  I really believe that fear is contagious , that worry and anxiety ... if you let that get into you long enough , it almost paralyzes you . " "  So if you get talked into saying , ` Well , I 'm just going to survive this year and make it and not get laid off , ' I believe you draw more negativity in , versus if you get up and say , ` OK , yes , we 're not in denial the economy is terrible , stuff 's not going great , but I believe that God calls me to be at the right place at the right time ' and you know put your faith out there -- do n't have a survival mentality , believe that you can thrive . " That message is resonating . His publisher , Simon & Schuster , said some 850,000 copies of "  It 's Your Time " are already in print . Osteen shrugs off criticism from mainstream Protestants , evangelicals and others who call Lakewood Christianity lite , more showbiz than theology -- a religious Disneyland , where after the "  ride , " the doors open into the gift shop to buy books DVDs , calendars and all things Osteen . "  I 'm not a debater , " he said , shrugging . He said he 's been called to deliver God 's message to as many people as possible , and God gave him a unique set of gifts to do so . One of those gifts is the ability to market brand Osteen across multiple media : podcasts , Twitter , books , DVDs , CDs and television . He produced his father 's telecasts for years and stepped into the spotlight after his death . Osteen 's expertise behind the camera has taken his father 's church to a stratospheric level . Osteen 's supporters and associates suggest mainstream Christian mistrust of his success may be as much jealousy as theology . "  Have you been to church in America recently ? " one aide said . "  They put on a funeral . If you put on a funeral every week , eventually people stop coming . " Osteen 's is the largest , but according to Hartford Seminary , there are 1,350 megachurches in the country , and they are spreading , while more traditional Christian churches struggle to fill the pews . "  What megachurches represent for good or bad is the world that we live in , " said Scott Thumma , a sociology of religion professor at the Hartfold Seminary in Connecticut . "  I do n't think it is the only form of religion that is going to survive into the future ; I think there is also a very strong place for small intimate worship settings , like house churches and small cell churches . But the megachurch is appealing and attracting people for a reason ; it parallels the experience that we have with rock concerts and sports arenas and the mall . " Joel and Victoria Osteen appear profoundly , unfailingly positive . On the screen that recent Sunday are these words -- God plans to prosper you and not harm you . "  I do n't believe it 's just money -- money is a part of it -- but prosper is to give you a good life , meaning good relationships , and give you health , " Osteen said , explaining the "  prosper " phrase comes from the Book of Jeremiah . It 's to "  give you a good job and money to pay your bills and do other things , but you know I encourage people to have a prosperous mindset . " Osteen said . Osteen is often characterized , and criticized , for being a "  prosperity preacher . " "  I do n't like to be called a prosperity minister because I think in most people 's minds that do n't know me they think , ` Well , all he talks about is money , ' " Osteen said , "  Which I do n't , I talk about being blessed in so many different ways . " Yet he does offer advice about finances and he has some experience . Osteen said Lakewood still has $ 40 million to pay off on $ 100 million he borrowed to convert Compaq Center from a basketball arena into a church . In "  It 's Your Time , " he writes , "  If you have a burden of heavy debt , you need to announce to that debt , ` It is finished . ' Look at that house payment . ` It is finished . ' Look at that college loan . ` It is finished . ' Look at those unpaid bills . ` It is finished . ' " Can God really wipe out your debts ? "  It starts ... with the vision that you have to believe that God can help you to get out of debt to fulfill your dreams , " Osteen said . "  I do n't think anything is going to happen if you do n't believe , so I think that 's where you start . " And what of the Bible verse that it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven ? Or that Jesus preached his followers to give up all their belongings and follow him ? "  Years back at least , you know you had to be poor and to show you were holy , " Osteen said . "  You 're supposed to sacrifice everything , and I 'm all for sacrifice and I believe in that , but I also believe that God wants us to be leaders . He 's put gifts and talents in every person , that they 're supposed to come out to the full . " CNN 's Ben Tinker contributed to this report .	Joel Osteen preaches before 40,000 people in Houston , Texas , plus millions more on TV Osteen reported received $ 12 million advance for his latest book Osteen says he does n't think he 's a "  prosperity preacher , " but he offers advice on finances The balance between faith and finances on CNN 's "  In God We Trust " at 8 p.m. ET Saturday
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- The battle for control of the eastern Ukrainian town of Slovyansk has intensified in the past 24 hours , with civilians caught in heavy crossfire between government forces and pro-Russian separatists . Each side blames the other for mortar and rocket fire that has struck apartment buildings and homes in the town , which is now also suffering acute power and water shortages . Social media video from Slovyansk uploaded Sunday and apparently filmed in the past two days shows extensive damage to an apartment block in the center of the town , which appears to have taken a direct hit to the third floor . Another building was engulfed by fire . Other videos showed people hurrying to basements , with the sound of artillery and rocket fire in the distance -- and at times much closer . The charred ruins of cars littered the streets , and windows in a number of buildings had been blown out . The office of President Petro Poroshenko , who was inaugurated Sunday in Kiev , said he had opened the first meeting of a three-party contact group on implementing a peace plan he had discussed with French President Francois Hollande , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Russian President Vladimir Putin on the margins of the D-Day commemorations on Friday . In an apparent reference to the fighting around Slovyansk , Poroshenko said : "  We have to stop fire this week . For me , every day of people dying , every day of Ukraine paying such a high price is an unacceptable one . " The talks involve Ukrainian ambassador to Germany Pavel Klimkin , a special envoy with the Organization on Security and Cooperation in Europe and Russian Ambassador to Ukraine Mikhail Zurabov , the President said . Slovyansk -- normally a city of some 130,000 people -- was taken over by separatists early in April . The Ukrainian army first attacked separatist blockades on its outskirts later that month but subsequently withdrew . Only in the past week have Ukrainian troops moved decisively to bottle in the separatists , using tanks , artillery and rockets against their defenses . A spokesman for the Anti-Terrorist Operation told CNN from outside Slovyansk that the army was not shooting at residential areas and that separatists had launched a counterattack early Sunday . Separatist officials in the town told the Russian news agency ITAR-TASS that artillery fire had been aimed at the city administration building , the former Security Service compound and Police Department -- all of which are occupied by the separatists . ITAR-TASS quoted a local militia official as saying that "  there were victims among civilians as many were injured by shrapnel . " CNN was unable to confirm the account , but one social media video appeared to show a pool of blood close to the impact of a shell . Overall casualties in Slovyansk are impossible to quantify . A health official with the Donetsk regional administration , Elena Peteyaeva , said 140 bodies had been collected -- but it was not clear over what time span . Peteyaeva said there were only three ambulances at work in the town and very few people were able to get out . A CNN team that reached the area Thursday found all major roads into Slovyansk blocked and deserted . During an extensive tour of the region , only two cars , piled high with belongings , emerged from country tracks . South of Slovyansk , separatist groups have consolidated their hold of several towns in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions . A CNN team on Sunday visited Shnizhne , Krasny Luch and Antratsyt , all on or close to the main road east to the Russian border . Separatist roadblocks guarded the fringes of each town in a heavily industrial part of the Donbass region , and dozens of well-armed fighters were seen in the center of Shnizhne . The main administration building in Antratsyt was surrounded by sandbags . One nearby border crossing at Marynivka -- which was the scene of clashes last week when separatists of the so-called Vostok Battalion tried to bring heavy trucks and an infantry fighting vehicle across the border -- had been reinforced by the Ukrainian Border Guard , with additional troops deployed on nearby hills . Even so , the troops deployed at the border admitted it was impossible to patrol the 1,200-mile border effectively , much of it unfenced amid rolling , empty countryside . Journalists Azad Safarov and Victoria Butenko contributed to this report	Civilians caught in a crossfire between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian separatists Social media video shows extensive damage in the city of 130,000 people President Petro Poroshenko has consulted with France , Germany and Russia on peace push Poroshenko : ` Every day of Ukraine paying such a high price is an unacceptable one '
CNN  -- Since President Obama seems to be a reflective soul , he must be reflecting on the irony of his latest predicament : as the man who came into office promising to change everything and who instead seems to have let much of what he promised to fix only get worse . First , the good news : Slowly but surely , the economy is coming back . And that 's no small feat , given where it was in 2009 . Then , everything else : The constitutional scholar , civil libertarian and antiwar activist ca n't seem to wake up each day without some basic challenge to his political ecology . The confirmed presence of chemical weapons in Syria now makes some sort of escalation there inevitable , just as the war in Afghanistan winds down .  More military support for the rebels ? No-fly zone ? The newbie senator who railed against President George W. Bush 's "  warrantless wiretaps " is now defending his own version of government for-your-own-safety intrusion .  "  No one is listening to your telephone calls . "  He gives a speech defending drone strikes ; he answers questions about the Justice Department 's dragnet surveillance of media outlets in its leak investigations . He might be forgiven for asking himself James Stockdale 's infamous vice presidential debate questions : Who am I ? And what am I doing here ? CNN poll : Obama numbers plunge into generation gap Now all he has to do is answer them . The president has -- rightly -- called for a public debate about the proper balance between national security and privacy . But the debate ca n't happen without him . In fact , he needs to lead it . That 's what presidents are supposed to do when the country is having a national conversation . It 's part of the job description . In the National Security Agency controversy , we 've heard from the leaker , the director of the NSA , the director of national intelligence , the members of the intelligence committees . We heard a bit from the president , who seems to be saying , in effect , that "  I 'm glad you guys are talking about this , because we are going to have to make some tough choices as a society . " Here 's what we know : The president entered office skeptical of the very programs he is now defending . But after vetting them and adding some additional protections , he now thinks they are important , even integral , to our self-defense . All of which makes sense to me personally . But it 's hard to categorically decide something  especially when it affects you  without some more information . And if you 're asking people to decide that Big Brother-ism in some form is OK -- and to trust that you are doing the right thing -- you 've got to give them something to work with . Remember when Bush said "  I hope the American people trust me " ? It turned out they did n't . Obama bristles at suggestion he 's shifted on snooping In fact , the public 's view of the Obama administration 's handling of civil liberties is beginning to eerily resemble what the public thought about Bush : Forty-three percent in a new CNN/ORC poll say the administration has gone too far in restricting some civil liberties in order to fight terrorism . In 2006 , 39 % thought Bush had gone too far . That 's the same Bush that then-Sen . Obama excoriated for the "  warrantless wiretaps " in 2006 . But the worst news for the president is that he seems , at least right now , to be losing the benefit-of-the-doubt factor he has enjoyed because people think he 's an honest guy who tries to do the right thing . The latest CNN/ORC polling shows that while 49 % of Americans consider the president to be "  honest and trustworthy , " that 's down 9 points -- in one month . And his approval rating has fallen 8 points to just 45 % . The unkindest drop , fueling the entire downward trend , comes from Obama 's stalwarts , younger voters . A huge 17-point decline among the under-30 set has got to be some sort of wake-up call . Now , I know this president does n't like some parts of his job . He does n't much like schmoozing members of Congress , despite his recent share-a-meal plan with assorted Capitol Hill types . He does n't like the LBJ-style strong-arming , either . He does n't much like the messy lawmaking process in which personal relationships can often mean the difference between getting what you want and getting nothing at all . And he does n't ever like to be pushed . Ever . No-drama Obama , remember ? But he does like speeches . He likes writing them , redrafting them , pondering them . He likes giving them , too -- because he 's good at it . So speak . The American people need some quality time here . An interview or two , sure . Declassify some information about thwarted terror attacks that can be shared without compromising intelligence . Let Americans in on the real secret they 're puzzling : how this president has been affected by what he has seen from the Oval Office . Some may buy it ; some may not . But letting us in on this secret is just part of the job . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	President Obama 's numbers have taken a hit , according to a new poll Gloria Borger says the president must wonder how he got into this predicament Obama decided to largely back Bush 's surveillance policies , she says Borger : Obama should lead the debate over security rather than just listen to it
CNN  -- One of Asia 's youngest self-made billionaires , 35-year-old Yoshikazu Tanaka looks the part of a young internet tycoon . The Japanese founder and CEO of mobile social gaming business Gree arrived for his CNN interview wearing a hooded sweatshirt , ripped jeans and a pair bight red shoes . His personal wealth is valued at $ 2.2 billion so he can afford to wear whatever he wants to the office . Gree has grown from Tanaka 's self-financed project into a company with a market value of around $ 7 billion . The share price is more than sevenfold what it was at its 2008 IPO . The company is now partnered with Tencent , one of the largest social networks in China , and in April 2011 it acquired OpenFeint , a large U.S.-based gaming network . Tanaka hopes to take Gree into Europe , the United States and emerging markets like Brazil to increase the number of users to one billion , five times the current level . Q&A : Andrew Stevens meets Japan 's ` Zuckerberg ' What makes Tanaka 's success so intriguing is that he 's built a profitable business against the tide . The Japanese economy has just begun its third decade of lackluster economic growth and large Japanese companies like Sony , Panasonic and Toyota are retrenching after facing record losses or scandals abroad . The triple blow of last year 's earthquake , tsunami and reactor meltdown at the Fukushima-Daichi nuclear plant added to the country 's gloomy economic outlook . Sony expects nearly $ 3 billion loss If traditional Japanese corporate powerhouses are flagging , few have risen up to replace them . Tanaka believes a key weakness of corporate Japan has been its insular attitude . "  I think the biggest problem is that so many people have not been able to accept the fact that we can not survive without trying to compete globally , " he says . It 's easy to lay blame at the feet of the politicians but Japan is a democracy and so everyone has to share responsibility , believes Tanaka . He hopes Gree can have positive impact on Japan as an example of a successful start-up . "  People say there is no culture of growing a business from scratch in Japan but actually social games and our company Gree became successful within seven years , " he says . Tanaka is aware of the comparisons to Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg , and not just in his dress sense . Both men started companies for themselves in 2004 and continue to lead them as they 've grown into global players . Both believe there is more to business than just making money . "  Facebook became very big ; big enough to change society . I think we can change society as well , but in our own way , " he says of Gree . He does n't know if the online gaming industry can be the savior of corporate Japan , but he believes there are few other sectors where the prospects are so bright in this struggling country .	Yoshikazu Tanaka is billionaire founder of mobile games company , Gree The company is valued at $ 7 billion ; personal wealth $ 2.2 billion Tanaka hopes his company can change Japanese society Mobile gaming sector one of few areas experiencing growth
Near Bani Walid , Libya  CNN  -- Libya 's opposition fighters launched an assault on one of Moammar Gadhafi 's last bastions of support on Saturday , but they met stiff resistance and some even pulled back , military commanders said The fighting raged after negotiators failed to work out a deal to surrender the city of Bani Walid , a hardcore Gadhafi stronghold southeast of Tripoli . Fighters believe key members of the ousted Libyan leader 's regime -- including two of Gadhafi 's sons -- may be hiding . Positioned on the outskirts of the city , Grad rockets and bullets targeted the advancing fighters , some of whom retreated . Others worked to position themselves in advantageous locations . Planes were heard overhead and fighters assumed they were NATO jets because no other aircraft has been allowed in the no-fly zone established by international powers . The National Transitional Council , Libya 's new leadership , said it wanted to negotiate the surrender to prevent further bloodshed and destruction , though critics believe it would give Gadhafi 's fighters time to entrench themselves within the town . Opposition forces claim Gadhafi loyalists fired on them Friday , hours ahead of a Saturday deadline to lay down their arms . "  The deadline expired yesterday when they fired at our forces with Grad rockets , " NTC chief negotiator Abdullah Kenshil told CNN . Kenshil said he expects opposition forces to take the town soon but acknowledged the tough resistance by snipers positioned in houses and loyalist forces firing artillery and rockets . Opposition forces have been staging outside the town for nearly two weeks , surrounding it on three sides , while negotiations were under way . Shortly before the Saturday deadline expired , NTC spokesman Shamsuddin Ben Ali said absent a resolution "  it 's up to military planners to decide how to move forward . " Sticking points in the negotiation included the demand by Gadhafi loyalists for opposition fighters to enter their communities unarmed , and to refrain from searching houses , Ben Ali said . The loyalists also asked for blanket pardons , but the NTC wanted to prosecute loyalists with blood on their hands , Ben Ali said . Bani Walid is one of three major towns in Libya that remain loyal to Gadhafi . The other towns are Sirte , on the Mediterranean coast , and Sabha , in the southwest of the country . Opposition forces do n't know how many Gadhafi loyalists are in Bani Walid , though they believe they are heavily armed with machine guns and rockets , said Abdulrahman Busin , an NTC spokesman . The NTC has previously said it had confirmed reports that two of Gadhafi 's sons -- Saif al-Islam and Mutassim -- were seen inside Bani Walid . Saif al-Islam , who was once viewed as Gadhafi 's possible successor , is wanted along with his father , for crimes against humanity for a brutal crackdown on anti-government protesters . Mutassim , a defender of his father , served as Gadhafi 's national security adviser . Ben Ali also said he received intelligence reports that loyalist forces were moving captured NTC fighters to Qasr Bu Hadi for use as human shields . That town is 10 miles east of Sirte . Loyalists and opposition forces clashed about 55 kilometers  34 miles  outside of Sirte , said NTC media committee spokesman Jalal el Gallal . CNN can not independently verify the reports . The renewed fighting came as Interpol issued Red Notice arrest warrants Friday for Gadhafi , who is wanted by the International Criminal Court in The Hague for alleged crimes against humanity . A Red Notice allows Interpol , the international police agency , to circulate arrest warrants widely with an intention to extradite suspects to the ICC . At the United Nations , Ian Martin , the secretary-general 's special envoy to Libya , told reporters that fears of a humanitarian disaster within the capital city have not materialized . Tripoli 's infrastructure has suffered little damage , the disruption of the water supply has been largely alleviated , supplies of fuel and electricity are improving , schools are slated to reopen September 17 , and there has been no general breakdown of public order , said Martin , who had earlier briefed the Security Council after his return from five days in Libya . "  That 's quite a striking conflict with other post-conflict " cities , he said . But those advances do not minimize the enormous challenges that transitional authorities still face . A Supreme Security Committee has been established in Tripoli to bring all armed elements under a single command , but "  the proliferation of weapons is a major concern , including to Libya 's neighbors , " Martin said . "  The approach they 're taking is to , at this stage , tell the very top echelon of the military , the police , the civil service , to remain at home while decisions are taken as to which of them should or should not be part of the future , " he said . Despite appeals by NTC leaders , acts of revenge have been carried out , "  especially of sub-Saharan Africans accused -- often , I think , quite wrongly -- of having fought for the Gadhafi regime , " he said . In addition , "  terrible evidence continues to come to light of the deliberate human rights abuses and crimes of the Gadhafi regime , both those that took place over many years and during the fall of Tripoli , when many of the prisoners were massacred , " Martin said . Meanwhile , an interim government is to be established within 30 days of the declaration of liberation , U.N. envoy Martin said . Until then , the NTC is assuming "  caretaker responsibilities " to carry out urgently needed functions , he added . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has proposed a support mission for three months , after which "  we would then go back to the Security Council for a longer mandate , " Martin said . CNN 's Phil Black and Ian Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : Some opposition fighters retreated amid tough resistance Negotiator : "  The deadline expired yesterday when they fired at our forces " Gadhafi loyalists clash with fighters in Bani Walid , a military commander says Fighting also is reported outside the Gadhafi stronghold of Sirte , a commander says
Washington  CNN  -- Nancy Pelosi name-dropped her neighbors Wednesday , and critics were quick to paint he words as an "  out of touch " moment . As the House Democratic Leader was walking out of her weekly press conference , a reporter asked a question about her baseball picks . She 's an avid sports fan , and as a Baltimore native and California congresswoman , she frequently mentions her allegiance to both the San Francisco Giants and the Baltimore Orioles . "  My father brought the Orioles to Baltimore , " she said . "  My next door neighbor owns the Nationals . So ... there 's a lot of good teams . " This aside came after she criticized Republicans for not focusing on jobs , raising the minimum wage , or fighting for equal pay . Pelosi predicts 2016 Democratic sweep In an email blast , the National Republican Congressional Committee took a jab at Pelosi , saying "  Nothing says ` Middle Class Jumpstart ' like bragging that your neighbor is the owner of the Nationals . Amirite ? " On Twitter , some noted similar statements by Republicans , like when Mitt Romney said in 2012 that owners of two NFL teams were his "  good friends " and characterized some NASCAR team owners as "  great friends . " . CNN Senior Congressional Producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Nancy Pelosi mentions that her neighbors own the Nationals The Nationals , an MLB team , are going to the playoffs Critics on social media argue the moment shows she 's out of touch Pelosi is the House Democratic Leader
CNN  -- Something remarkable is happening Wednesday . A large swath of the Internet is blacking out in protest of two controversial copyright bills being considered in Congress . Major Web juggernauts such as Google and Wikipedia , some graduate schools and a number of start-ups and prominent advocates are participating in what is expected to be the largest organized online protests in more than a decade . While the actions vary from site to site -- some are shutting down , some are turning their pages black -- the message is clear : Neither the Senate 's Protect IP Act nor the House 's Stop Online Piracy Act represents a consensus view on how to address online piracy without undermining the open Internet , and neither should be rushed to a vote . The bills propose new enforcement tactics to be carried out by Internet intermediaries -- Internet service providers , search engines , payment processors and ad networks -- against foreign websites that flagrantly infringe U.S. intellectual property rights . This is a laudable goal , but some of the proposed measures would do more harm than good , and there is significant risk that the bills as they currently stand could infringe on First Amendment rights . The online backlash against the legislation , which began with the introduction in October of the House bill , known as SOPA , is already having a meaningful impact . Large social media sites and online communities have spread the word , and thousands of Internet users have kept up a steady stream of calls and tweets at their senators and representatives . Under intense pressure from their constituents , Sen. Pat Leahy and Rep. Lamar Smith , the bills ' principal sponsors , issued separate statements last week indicating that they would revise the bills to remove requirements that ISPs attempt to block access to websites using the domain-name system , or DNS . In addition , a group of six Republicans -- including co-sponsors of the legislation -- sent a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid urging him not to proceed to a vote on the Protect IP Act , or PIPA , citing the public outcry as well as their own concerns . And on Saturday , the White House issued a formal response to two petitions that had each received more than 50,000 signatures . The Obama administration said it would oppose legislation that risks online censorship of lawful activity , inhibits innovation or creates new cybersecurity risks -- all charges that have been levied against PIPA and SOPA . It also criticized mandated DNS-filtering on cybersecurity grounds , offered some guiding principles and called for continued discussion between proponents , opponents and the public on how best to proceed . However , the Senate remains scheduled to try to break a filibuster against PIPA next week . If that vote succeeds , the Senate will move to an up-or-down vote on a bill -- currently being revised -- that no one has seen . If the DNS-filtering provision is indeed removed , it will be a major improvement , but this is not PIPA 's only problem . Countless technologists and advocates still question whether the remaining enforcement tactics meet the balanced , sensible criteria laid out by the White House . There is still room for debate and a path forward on anti-piracy legislation . Some of PIPA and SOPA 's biggest opponents have expressed support for an approach that would "  follow the money " by requiring carefully targeted action by payment processors and ad networks to stem the flow of revenue to websites that make a business of infringement . But despite rumored changes , PIPA is not yet that bill . Reid should delay next week 's Senate vote to give the bill a real chance of developing into something all sides can agree on . Editor 's note : Time Warner , the parent company of CNN , is among the industry supporters of the legislation . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew McDiarmid .	Some websites are blacking out in protest of two controversial copyright bills in Congress Andrew McDiarmid : Stop Online Piracy Act and Protect IP Act would undermine open Internet Online backlash against the bills are forcing supporters to back down , McDiarmid says McDiarmid : Voting on the legislation should be delayed because it can be improved
