In the wake of a botched execution , an Oklahoma court has granted a six-month stay for a man on death row . Earlier , the state 's attorney general had said his office would not object to the stay for Charles Warner . An investigation into the death of Clayton Lockett last month continues . His lethal injection was stopped because of problems in administering the drugs . Officials say he later died of an apparent heart attack . Witnesses described the man convulsing and writhing on the gurney , as well as struggling to speak , before officials blocked their view . It was the state 's first time using a new , three-drug cocktail for an execution . Warner had been scheduled to be put the death the same day as Lockett , but his execution was stayed . "  No one wants to see another prolonged , botched execution take place , so we are greatly relieved that the Court of Criminal Appeals stayed Charles Warner 's scheduled execution , as both Mr. Warner and the State requested , " Susanna Gattoni and Seth Day , attorneys for Warner , said in a statement . "  The extreme secrecy surrounding lethal injection that led to Mr. Lockett 's agonizing death must be replaced with transparency in order to ensure that executions are legal and humane , " they said . Attorney General Scott Pruitt 's office filed court documents Thursday that said he would not protest a 180-day stay to allow for the completion of the investigation . Warner 's execution , which had been set for May 13 , is now scheduled for November 13 . Warner was convicted in 2003 for the first-degree rape and murder six years earlier of his then-girlfriend 's 11-month-old daughter , Adrianna Waller .	Charles Warner 's execution is now set for November 13 An investigation into last month 's death of Clayton Lockett continues His lethal injection was stopped because of problems in administering the drugs Warner had been scheduled to die the same day ; his execution was stayed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama recently shared sensitive intelligence with Russia and China about Iran 's newly unveiled nuclear facility to get the two countries ' leaders on board with new sanctions against Tehran , senior U.S. officials revealed Friday . President Obama speaks with Chinese President Hu Jintao , left , at the Group of 20 plenary session Friday . And the strategy to build a coalition with Russia and China "  has already begun to bear fruit , " one senior U.S. official said . The officials declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the negotiations . Like the United States , Russia and China are both veto-wielding members of the U.N. Security Council . Both countries have long opposed additional sanctions against Iran for its nuclear program , although Russian leaders recently have said they might be willing to compromise . Watch Obama discuss the recent news " Iran admitted to the existence of a second uranium enrichment plant in a letter sent to the International Atomic Energy Agency on Monday , the IAEA said Friday . The announcement prompted Obama , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and French President Nicolas Sarkozy -- all in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , for the Group of 20 economic summit -- to hold a news conference in which they threatened a stiff response if Iran fails to conform to international obligations regarding nuclear development . "  Iran is breaking rules that all nations must follow , " Obama said . He called on the Iranian government to "  take concrete steps " to demonstrate it will comply with its international guidelines to ensure its nuclear program is for civilian use and not a covert weapons program .	Senior U.S. official : Strategy is to build a coalition with Russia and China Iran admits to existence of second uranium enrichment plant , U.N. agency says Officials : President Obama recently shared sensitive intelligence with Russia , China Administration 's goal is to impose new sanctions on Iran , officials say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Resourceful African filmmakers are using cell phones to tell their stories in spite of political censorship . Art school student Kiripi Katembo Siku listens during a mobile phone filmmaking workshop at the Académie des Beaux Arts in Kinshasa . Kiripi Katembo Siku , an art school student from the Democratic Republic of Congo is one such director who shot his first film using only a mobile phone . The ingeniously devised "  Voiture en Carton "  "  Cardboard Car "  provides a rare glimpse of street-life in Kinshasa , the country 's capital , while highlighting the lengths filmmakers must go to in circumventing the eye of the law . While the country 's name implies freedom of speech , filmmakers in the country 's capital are restricted by government censorship . To get around these problems , Siku came up with a novel plan . He attached his mobile phone to a toy car , set it to film , and gave it to a young girl to pull behind her on a piece of string as she walked through the streets of Kinshasa . The film runs for seven minutes , during which time the toy car stops and starts  it also upends a number of times and has to be righted by Siku 's young camerawoman  giving viewers a clandestine look at life in the capital -- the dancing feet of children , some teenagers gambling , and at one point a United Nations jeep passing by . Siku is one of a number of filmmakers in DR Congo who say using a mobile phone allows them to film in ways that were previously impossible . "  Camera phones are affordable , small and easy to maneuver , " Siku told CNN . "  They allowed me to work more discreetly and get closer to my subjects . " Government officials try to keep reports of poverty and corruption quiet , which means filming permits have become virtually impossible for Congolese working in Kinshasa to obtain , according to filmmakers working there . Salim Amin , Chairman of Kenya-based African news organization , Africa 24 Media , which has operated in DRC , agrees that it can be very difficult for filmmakers to work in the country . " -LSB- They -RSB- try and stop stories of corruption from coming out by refusing accreditation to locals from the Ministry of Information . That 's the way they weed out people who will be critical to government , " Amin told CNN . Those brave enough to defy the authorities and shoot without permission , whether or not they have an anti-government agenda , risk hefty fines , arrest , or worse . A spokesperson from the DRC government was not available for comment . Siku only started making films last year , when he participated in a mobile phone filmmaking workshop held by French filmmaker , Marie-Dominique Dhelsing in February 2008 . The young Congolese says it gave him the inspiration he needed to carry on making films . "  After her course here in Kinshasa I fell in love with directing , editing and working in a team , " Siku told CNN . Watch Siku 's "  Voiture en Carton " here . Dhelsing organizes mobile filmmaking master classes in deprived regions of the world to give young people in developing countries an opportunity to tell their stories . Although her Congolese workshop was officially organized for students at the Académie des Beaux Arts , Kinshasa 's only arts school , Dhelsing also encouraged less privileged youths from nearby slums to attend her tutorials . "  The pupils who were most interested were coming from the roughest townships in Kinshasa , " the 49-year-old told CNN . "  They would spend two and a half hours traveling to the school by foot because they did n't have money for a bus . "  For me it was very important that they could participate , " she said . During the two weeks she spent in Kinshasa in 2008 , Dhelsing and her trainees produced a total of eight short films -- an impressive tally given the logistical problems they faced . "  I wanted them to edit what they had shot , but there was little access to computers , " she told CNN . "  We also had a lot of electricity problems , " she continued . "  In Kinshasa , you have a period of at least two or three hours a day where you have no electricity . " Siku 's film has been entered into the international section of mobile phone film festival , 5th Pocket Films Festival , which is being held in Paris in June . The festival organizers supported Dhelsing 's mobile workshops by equipping her with camera phones . Laurence Herszberg , founder of Pocket Films , says the relative cheapness of mobile movies can serve as a stepping stone for emerging cineastes in poorer regions . "  Young filmmakers , knowing that it 's very cheap , often decide to make their first feature film by shooting it on mobile , using it as an advertisement to show what they 're capable of , " Herszberg told CNN . Siku 's mobile film allowed the young Congolese to successfully showcase his talents and opened the vital first door to a future in filmmaking . He is now working as an assistant director on a documentary about the economy of DR Congo 's mining region , Katanga . Siku also continues to shoot on mobile phones and has , with a number of his workshop colleagues , founded YEBELA , a collective of video artists who show their films in the streets of Kinshasa . Dhelsing is pleased that her classes have taken on a momentum of their own . "  For the artists in the collective , it 's a very important way to express themselves , " she said . "  We 've been in touch all year by e-mail and I support them , but they 're doing their own thing now . " Now , she 's seeking a new challenge . Having just returned from her second workshop in Johannesburg , Dhelsing is currently planning a third in the slums of São Paulo this September . "  Sometimes I think I must be crazy doing what I do , " she told CNN . "  But if it was n't for the workshops I would never get to see these places and meet these interesting people . " Mairi Mackay and Metsa Rahimi contributed to this article .	French Filmmaker organises mobile movie workshops in developing nations Faced with technical and political problems whilst teaching in Kinshasa Congolese pupil 's film nominated at Pocket Films Festival in Paris Workshops have taken on momentum of their own
CNN  -- BP said Wednesday it is heading to the Louisiana coast to test whether tar balls and oil found on shore after Hurricane Isaac are from the company 's 2010 Gulf oil spill . State officials reported tar balls and a large oil mat along the Gulf shore south of New Orleans , and the U.S. Coast Guard reported finding three oiled birds in the area on Monday . BP spokesman Ray Melick said the area is one where BP teams were already helping with cleanup from the 2010 spill before Isaac arrived . As soon as they 're given the all-clear , they will return to do more cleanup and test whether the new oil is from their spill or another source . At least 13,000 Louisiana homes damaged by Hurricane Isaac "  There 's a lot of oil out there that may not be ours , " Melick said . One sample is already being tested and more are heading to the lab , according to the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority of Louisiana , which is coordinating with other state agencies to test the contents . The area is near Fourchon Beach and Grand Isle . The same area was heavily affected by the spill , which happened in April 2010 after an explosion aboard the Transocean Deepwater Horizon oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico . BP had contracted the rig , which had 126 workers on it , 11 of whom are presumed dead . It 's not clear whether the hurricane swept the tar balls ashore or exposed them under the sand , U.S. Coast Guard Petty Officer Bill Colclough said . In any case , he said , pollution after a hurricane is expected because the force of the storms can bring oil and other debris to the surface . Certain areas are still closed to recreational and commercial fishing because of the BP spill , state officials said . . People on Grand Isle said they were hopeful Isaac would stir up the waters and move leftover oil out of the area so it could help revive the fishing waters off the coast . Report : Companies involved in Gulf spill did n't focus on major accident risks CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : One sample is already being tested Tar balls and an oil mat have been found since Hurricane Isaac BP says it 's investigating whether oil is from the 2010 Gulf spill It 's possible the oil is from another source , a BP spokesman says
CANTON , Mississippi  In Session/CNN  -- A Mississippi middle school teacher could face the death penalty after she was found guilty Tuesday of fatally shooting and stabbing her lover 's pregnant fiancee in 2006 . Carla Hughes taught at the same middle school as the victim 's fiancé , Keyon Pittman . Carla Hughes , 28 , sobbed loudly as a judge read the verdicts on two counts of capital murder for the deaths of Avis Banks and her unborn child . The jury also found the slayings occurred during the commission of a burglary , making Hughes eligible for the death penalty . A jury of nine women and three men are due to return to Madison County Circuit Court Wednesday morning to decide if Hughes should be executed for killing Banks , who was five months pregnant . Their verdict must be unanimous or Hughes will receive a life sentence . Mississippi is among the states that consider murdering a pregnant woman to be taking two lives . Madison County district attorneys alleged Hughes killed Banks so she could be with Keyon Pittman , her lover and colleague at Chastain Middle School in Jackson , Mississippi . Watch the jury find Carla Hughes guilty " Banks , 27 , was found lying in a pool of blood on November 29 , 2006 , in the garage of the Ridgeland home she shared with Pittman , the father of her unborn child . She had been shot four times in the leg , chest and head , and then stabbed multiple times in the face and neck as she lay dying , according to medical testimony . Suspicion initially fell on Pittman , who admitted to having an affair with Hughes , a language arts teacher . Pittman , a key prosecution witness , told the jury he began seeing Hughes one month after finding out his girlfriend was pregnant . He testified that the two met frequently in Hughes ' home and even went out of town together , but he insisted the relationship was based solely on sex . Throughout the trial , defense lawyers maintained her innocence and attempted to cast blame on Pittman , portraying him as a womanizer seeking to avoid the burden of fatherhood . But prosecutors said they could not link the crime to Pittman , who testified that he invoked his right against self-incrimination during a preliminary hearing when asked where he was the afternoon his fiancée was killed . Instead , prosecutors alleged that the murder weapons connected Hughes to the crime . The defendant 's cousin testified that he lent her a knife and a loaded .38 caliber revolver the weekend before Banks ' death . Ballistics tests matched the bullets from Banks ' body to the gun , which Hughes returned unloaded to her cousin after her first interview with police . Madison County District Attorney Michael Guest said Banks ' relatives plan to deliver victim impact statements at the sentencing . He said medical testimony will be presented to support the prosecution 's claim that the murders were gruesome and heinous , and warrant the death penalty . Hughes ' lawyer , Johnnie E. Walls , Jr. , a Mississippi state senator , said her relatives will testify in a bid to spare her life .	Mississippi jury convicts Carla Hughes of two counts of capital murder on Tuesday Avis Banks was five months pregnant when she was shot and stabbed in 2006 Prosecutors said Hughes killed so she could be with Banks ' fiance , Keyon Pittman Hughes and Pittman were teachers at Chastain Middle School in Jackson
CNN  Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says his regime is apprised of U.S.-led coalition efforts against ISIS in his country -- not by the Americans , but through third parties such as Iraq . "  Sometimes , they convey a message , a general message , but there 's nothing tactical , " he told the BBC . "  There is no dialogue . There 's , let 's say , information , but not dialogue . " Several Western countries have clamored for al-Assad to step down since 2011 , when peaceful protests against his regime led to a violent government crackdown and , subsequently , a full-on civil war . But now , U.S. allies and the Syrian regime have a common enemy : ISIS , which is trying to solidify an Islamic state across swaths of Iraq and Syria . In the broad BBC interview , al-Assad said Syria wo n't join the international coalition trying to "  degrade and destroy " ISIS . "  No , definitely we can not and we do n't have the will and we do n't want , for one simple reason : because we can not be in an alliance with countries which support terrorism , " he said . For years , al-Assad 's government has used the term "  terrorists " to describe radical militants as well as members of the Syrian opposition . Even though U.S.-led warplanes have been striking ISIS targets in Syria -- using the country 's airspace along with the regime -- al-Assad said he does n't speak with U.S. officials . "  No , because they do n't talk to anyone unless it 's a puppet , and they easily trample over international law , which is about our sovereignty now , " he said in the interview . "  So they do n't talk to us , we do n't talk to them . " Al-Assad said the messages about U.S.-led coalition efforts have been coming "  through third-party , more than one-party , Iraq and other countries . " "  We knew about the campaign before it started , " he said . "  But we did n't know details . " In the interview , al-Assad flatly denied that his military is using barrel bombs in rebel-controlled areas , even though opposition activists report near-daily barrel bombs raining from regime helicopters . Barrel bombs are filled with explosives and other objects , such as nails , to produce maximum carnage . Human rights activists say these bombs are particularly abhorrent because they kill and maim indiscriminately , often civilians . "  I know about the army . They use bullets , missiles and bombs . I have n't heard of the army using barrels or maybe cooking pots , " al-Assad told the BBC . "  There 's no indiscriminate weapons . When you shoot , you aim . And when you aim , you aim at terrorists in order to protect civilians -- again if you 're talking about casualties , that 's war . You can not have war without casualties . " The United Nations has said about 200,000 people have been killed in the civil war . On Tuesday , the opposition group Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported more barrel bombs falling on the provinces of Aleppo , Hama and Daraa -- the birthplace of the uprising . On top of the staggering death toll , the civil war has also left 12.2 million Syrians in need of humanitarian aid , U.N. Assistant Secretary-General Kyung-wha Kang said last month . Many have been choked off from food and medical care as the military besieged rebel-held cities . But in his BBC interview , al-Assad defended the blockades . "  In most of the areas where the rebels take over , the civilians fled and come to our areas , " he said . "  So most of the areas that we encircle and attack are only filled with militants . " Kurds take key ground near Mosul ; UAE resumes strikes against ISIS	Bashar al-Assad says he is getting information , but nothing tactical , about U.S.-led efforts against ISIS He denies that the government has been using barrel bombs to attack opposition-controlled areas
CNN  -- A year is a very long time on Mars -- 687 days . NASA 's Curiosity rover can attest that it 's enough time for some unexpected life changes . On Tuesday , the rover celebrated the Martian one-year anniversary of its touchdown on August 6 , 2012 . Looking back , some things have gone much better than anticipated , in spite of one nasty snag . Here 's a look at some of Curiosity 's accomplishments so far : Signs of life Its main mission : Find out whether Mars could have once hosted life -- small stuff like bacteria , viruses and fungus . A key ingredient for this would be signs that there was once water on the bone-dry red planet . Bam ! Mission accomplished right off the bat . It was supposed to take longer . To find the answer , Curiosity was scheduled to take a hike up the slopes of Mars ' Mount Sharp , a peak nearly as high as Earth 's Mount McKinley , NASA said . But right where the rover landed , it stumbled upon an ancient riverbed . Not long after that , Curiosity 's operators back on Earth pulled some dirt from Mar 's Gale Crater , which is the rover 's exploration areal . The samples revealed that water once on Mars had been the right kind to support life . It also found traces of chemicals microbes on Earth use . "  If Mars had living organisms , this would have been a good home for them , " NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory said in a statement . Wheels keep turning That success did n't make the challenge of Mt. Sharp -- which is in the middle of Gale Crater -- go away . And on the way there , Curiosity hit that snag . It suffered wheel damage in late 2013 , slowing down the rover 's already tip-toe pace . Since it landed nearly 700 days ago , it has driven slightly less than five miles , and its operators are adjusting its itinerary to take it over less rugged terrains . Even with sensitive feet , like a resolute tourist in a foreign land , the rover is snapping lots of pictures . By August last year , it had sent more than 70,000 back to Earth . One of its first was a selfie to show it had made it to Mars . Artful hobbler And Curiosity continues to poke around to see what it can find . It has fired its laser tens of thousands of times to help scientists analyze varieties of dirt and stone . And it has drilled for more signs of the previous existence of water . Scientists are still assessing the samples in hopes of finding out just how habitable Mars once was eons ago , NASA said . In the meantime , Curiosity has found another similarity to Earth in its drill bit , a mineral called orthoclase . It belongs to a class of minerals that makes up more than half of our planet 's crust , and the rover pulled up a rich sample on Mars . The rover 's drivers have decided to take it easy on Mt. Sharp , using cameras on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter to map out a path on its lower slopes . But that 's also making the paths longer . With its two camera eyes and block-shaped head atop a long shaft that looks like a neck , Curiosity has a somewhat humanized appearance akin to that of ET . Maybe it 's a sign of things to come . During its flight to Mars and after its landing , it measured radiation levels . Scientist are using the measurements to determine how much protection would be required to send human astronauts to Mars . Scientists create a mini Mars on Earth Curiosity rover takes snapshot of Earth	Curiosity has been on Mars for one Martian year -- 687 days It discovered right off the bat that Mars could have hosted life The rover broke a wheel late last year but is still hobbling along It has taken thousands of photos and analyzed numerous samples
New York  CNN  -- Those following the news of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico may be surprised at how much is still unknown about the extent and movement of the oil , in particular below the sea surface , as engineers and scientists attempt to stanch the flow . More than five weeks after the oil rig disaster , and even with today 's sophisticated technology , tracking and measuring the spill remains a huge challenge . Understanding fundamental difficulties with measuring in deep water helps explain why . Because oil is lighter than water , it tends to rise to the surface and form slicks that can be very damaging to the natural ecosystem , and ultimately the regional economy , as we are seeing now . Spraying chemical dispersants on the slick , as BP has , is one way to remove oil from the surface . The dispersants break the slick into small droplets , which are transferred down into the water column by waves and turbulence . BP has also injected dispersants into the oil plumes rising from the oil rig 's broken plumbing on the seabed to try to prevent oil slicks from forming on the surface at all . This appears to have been at least partly successful in reducing the size of the surface slicks . The oil that does not reach the surface is dispersed through the water column by ocean currents . Instruments lowered from a research ship in the gulf have detected large oil plumes near the leak , more than 3,000 feet down . This is therefore the first spill where large plumes of oil have been observed spreading below the sea surface . While we have some understanding of how much oil is sitting at the surface and where it is heading , we have virtually no idea how much oil and dispersants are drifting below the surface of the gulf , nor do we know where these pollutants are going . It is notoriously difficult to take measurements at that depth . We can remotely survey large areas of the sea surface with planes and satellites but surveying the ocean 's interior is vastly more difficult . Water blocks electromagnetic waves , such as light and radar , preventing us from imaging the deep . To map underwater concentrations of oil and dispersants , instruments need to be lowered into the plumes to take measurements and samples that are later analyzed in a lab . Close to the source , where oil-droplet concentrations are high , it may be possible to map the plumes using sound waves , but dissolved chemicals , such as dispersants , can not be detected with such acoustic methods at all . In other words , we can "  see " what is at the surface , but to find out what is going on beneath the waves , we need to put our "  feelers " out . Decades of research on natural plumes , such as those rising from deep-water , hydrothermal hot springs on midocean ridges , and man-made plumes , such as sewage outfalls , have taught us that mapping subsurface plumes is time-consuming and costly . To put this into perspective , consider how hard it would be to map the ash cloud from the erupting volcano in Iceland if , instead of satellites , we were forced to use weather balloons . Near the source of the oil plumes in the gulf , the sampling problem is particularly severe because "  young " plumes tend to be extremely patchy  the oil distribution is very uneven  . Varying ocean currents , such as tides and eddies , move the plume patches around continuously and randomly , and cause the plumes to spread . This makes sampling both easier , because the plumes become less patchy and therefore harder to miss ; and more difficult , because the plumes become more dilute and therefore harder to detect . With each passing day the problem gets worse as the oil spill 's boundaries grow . In recent days , scientists began mapping the subsurface oil plumes by ship and using unmanned underwater robots  floats and gliders  . Unfortunately , these plume surveys are unlikely to produce a reliable estimate of the amount of oil dispersing through the gulf , especially since much of the oil may already be too dilute to detect . To determine the extent of the oil spill , we will need to combine measurements with computer modeling . But even a perfect model can not make valid predictions if the data are wrong . Therefore , it is crucial that the amount of oil leaking into the gulf be estimated accurately . I am hopeful that the recently formed "  Flow Rate Technical Group , " a multi-agency team that includes the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , will be able to carry out this task with minimal outside interference . It is equally important , however , to continue to collect data on the circulation in the gulf over the full water depth to validate and improve the realism of models for this spill . And monitoring the circulation should continue even after the oil leak has been stopped , until the oil has dispersed sufficiently so as not to pose any further biological risk . In this way , we will have a better idea of the full environmental impact of this incident . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andreas Thurnherr .	Andreas Thurnherr says it may surprise that much still unknown about spill 's flow in deep sea Surface oil can be measured , he says , but vagaries of dispersal at depths thwart technology Thurnherr : Data collection must continue when spill is done to gauge environmental impact
President Barack Obama is ordering the most sweeping overhaul of the immigration system in decades , despite Republican claims he is acting illegally by moving unilaterally to shield five million undocumented immigrants . Obama rejected accusations by conservatives that he is offering a free pass to undocumented immigrants and warned in a prime-time address that he would bolster border security and make it harder for unauthorized outsiders to get into the country . "  Today our immigration system is broken and everybody knows it , " Obama said . "  It 's been this way for decades and for decades we have n't done much about it . " Obama is pressing ahead and making broad changes to the immigration system without the consent of Congress , which has failed to pass a comprehensive reform bill . The announcement prompted an angry response from House Speaker John Boehner . "  By ignoring the will of the American people , President Obama has cemented his legacy of lawlessness and squandered what little credibility he had left , " Boehner said . "  Republicans are left with the serious responsibility of upholding our oath of office . " A key element of Obama 's plan is to instruct immigration authorities to target those undocumented immigrants who are dangerous rather than law-abiding undocumented parents of U.S. citizens and residents and others . He said they will go after "  felons , not families . Criminals , not children . Gang members , not a Mom who 's working hard to provide for her kids . " "  We 'll prioritize , just like law enforcement does every day , " he said . The changes will offer those who qualify the chance to stay temporarily in the country for three years , as long as they pass background checks and pay back taxes . But they will not be offered a path to eventual citizenship or be eligible for federal benefits or health care programs . And , in theory , the measures could be reversed by a future president . "  If you meet the criteria , you can come out of the shadows and get right with the law . If you 're a criminal , you 'll be deported . If you plan to enter the U.S. illegally , your chances of getting caught and sent back just went up , " Obama said . The President argued that ordering a mass amnesty would be unfair but mass deportation would "  be both impossible and contrary to our character . " Republicans are slamming Obama 's use of executive authority as a mammoth presidential power grab . But Obama said he was acting in a manner consistent with action taken by Republican and Democratic presidents . "  To those members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better , or question the wisdom of me acting where Congress has failed , I have one answer : Pass a bill . " Officials insist that Obama 's moves are deeply grounded in law and constitutional precedent , despite claims by Republicans that they represent an unlawful overreach of his authority as president and his oath of office . "  The actions you see here reasonably sit within his powers , " one senior administration official said . "  I think that they are bold and they are aggressive but they are in keeping with precedent . " Congressional Republicans are weighing their response , juggling ideas that range from a government shutdown to holding up Obama 's nominees in the Senate . And in the states , some Republican officials had already raised the possibility of lawsuits against the president . The most far-reaching changes in Obama 's order will offer papers and work authorization to up to four million people who are undocumented parents of U.S. citizens or legal permanent residents , as long as they have lived in the U.S. for five years or longer . Obama will also remove the upper age limit of 30 years old from a program known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  DACA  or Dreamers that allows those brought illegally to the country as children to stay , offering relief to thousands more people . The program will cover anyone who arrived in the country before 2010 and will extend a previous two-year guarantee of relief to three years . But White House lawyers concluded the president did not have the power to offer parents of those covered under DACA permits to stay in the country and work , a move that will disappoint some immigration reform lobby groups . In one concession however , parents of the so-called "  Dreamers " will be removed from priority lists for deportation . Officials said that the broad sweep of the immigration measures were within Obama 's powers because he was directing authorities to prioritize which groups of the 11.4 million undocumented immigrants in the country should be deported . "  Deferred action is not a pathway to citizenship . It is not legal status . It simply says that for three years , you are not a law enforcement priority and are not going to go after you , " said one senior official . "  It is temporary and it is revocable . " Officials said law enforcement officials made similar decisions each day about which categories of offenders to target with prosecution and the president was simply charting a new way to apply existing immigration laws . The new approach , which will begin to be phased in next spring , will include a more robust effort to target gang members , suspected terrorists , and felons . It will also focus more sharply on undocumented immigrants who have recently crossed U.S. borders . This is a bid to slow the flow of illegal immigration , the officials said . New resources are also expected to be announced to secure borders , following claims that enforcement is lax and contributed to the flow of thousands of undocumented child migrants into the U.S. earlier this year , which sparked a hot political controversy . In moves likely be applauded by the business community , the administration will also reform immigration rules to make it easier for science and technology students to study in the U.S. . There will also be a new program to attract entrepreneurs to come to the U.S. if they can show they have sufficient investors . But the president got mixed reviews among leaders in border states . "  In the face of Washington gridlock , the president stepped up for hard-working families across America . This is the right thing to do , and it 's time for Congress to finish the job , " said California Gov. Edmund G. Brown Jr. , a Democrat . But Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said Obama should have sought a bipartisan solution . "  He is once again taking brazen , unilateral action that will only further exacerbate the border problem , " the Republican said . Texas Gov. Rick Perry said the president 's action will lead to more illegal immigration . "  It is time for the president and Congress to secure our border , followed by meaningful reforms . There is no more time for political grandstanding , " he said . The changes that Obama announced , however , fall far short of the reforms that could be enacted were Congress to pass a comprehensive immigration bill . The president has no power to put undocumented immigrants on the long road to citizenship . He can not grant permanent residence permits known as Green Cards , and all of his changes could be struck down by a future president . Officials insisted that Obama 's moves were consistent with immigration actions ordered by presidents , including Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush , for decades . The magnitude of the numbers involved here , however , surpass anything any president had done before .	Speaker Boehner slams Obama for "  legacy of lawlessness " Obama to shift deportation priority from families to felons Moves will shield up to 5 million undocumented immigrants
Sydney , Australia  CNN  Indonesian authorities remain on course to execute two Australians for drug trafficking , despite pleas for leniency made by the government in Canberra and six former prime ministers . Australia 's second longest serving premier , John Howard , said : "  Mercy being shown in such circumstances would not weaken the deterrent effect of Indonesia 's strong anti-drug laws , " while Kevin Rudd , who served as premier on two occasions , said : "  As a deep , long-standing friend of Indonesia , I would respectfully request an act of clemency . " Julia Gillard , Bob Hawke , Malcolm Fraser and Paul Keating all followed suit in a united plea to Indonesia 's president . Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan , members of the so-called "  Bali Nine , " were sentenced to death in 2006 and after several failed legal appeals and two denials of clemency , their execution by firing squad may now be close . Bali 's Kerobokan prison was given permission this week to move Sukumaran and Chan to a maximum security facility on the island of Nusa Kambangan to have their sentence carried out . But the transfer has now been delayed due to "  technical reasons . " On Friday , Agence France-Presse quoted the vice president 's office as saying the executions will be delayed for up to a month . The two men were among five inmates scheduled to be transferred , Tony Spontana , a spokesman for the Indonesian attorney general 's office , told CNN . Spontana said requests from Australian officials for the families to spend more time with the prisoners had been granted . He also said one of the prisoners , a Brazilian , needs medical attention . Spontana added that there was an issue with the holding cell at the prison where the executions would take place . The inmates will be transferred when those issues are resolved , he said . Perhaps fearing a boycott , national carrier Garuda Airlines has said it would not be involved in their transportation . Most observers believe the executions will proceed despite a last minute appeal to Indonesia 's Administrative Court and a new claim that the 2006 trial judges offered a lighter sentence in exchange for a bribe . And this has n't gone down well in Australia . Speaking on Monday , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott asked Indonesia to reconsider their position on Sukumaran and Chan , considered the ringleaders of the Bali Nine -- a group of nine Australians who failed in a bid to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin back to their country in 2005 . "  Well , what we understand is that there are still legal options available to these two Australians and their legal teams and we certainly appreciate that the Indonesian government does n't normally go ahead with executions of this type , while there are legal options still available and that 's what we 're saying to the Indonesian government , " he said . At the weekend , Abbott struck a more combative tone when he told The Bolt Report on the TEN television network "  we will be finding ways to make our displeasure felt . " He did not detail what the government intended to do . "  What we are asking of Indonesia is what Indonesia asks of other countries when its citizens are on death row , and if it 's right for Indonesia to ask and expect some kind of clemency , it 's surely right for us to ask and expect some kind of clemency , " he said . It 's also a point that the mothers of the two men , Raji Sukumaran and Helen Chan struggle to comprehend . "  They are helping the Indonesian citizens overseas who are on death row and what is the difference between my son and these people overseas ? " Sukumaran told reporters in Jakarta , where she had sought the help of Indonesia 's National Commission on Human Rights . "  I do n't want my son murdered . Please help . " READ MORE : Capital punishment : Inhumane aberration or necessary deterrent ? But on Tuesday , Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi told CNN that Australia should not interfere with Indonesian law and policy . "  Although we understand the position of the Australian government ... it should be underlined that this issue is purely a law enforcement issue . Law enforcement against extraordinary crime . Law enforcement by a sovereign country , Indonesia , " she said . "  Both Indonesia and Australia have wide ranging cooperation in many fields -- political , security , trade and investment , as well as sociocultural and people to people . "  Bilateral relations between two counties should be based on mutual respect and mutual benefit . Indonesia is committed this principle . " Meanwhile , the Australian Federal Police has been criticized for its part in the case . Speaking to media in Sydney last week , AFP Deputy Commissioner Graham Ashton admitted the role his force played in the 2005 Bali arrests of the nine but denied it was responsible for what then transpired . Instead of stopping one of the convicted drug mules , Scott Rush , from traveling to Bali -- which had been the request of his parents -- the AFP alerted its counterpart , the Indonesian National Police of his intentions . It offered the names of the conspirators , some of whom had been on the AFP 's radar . "  The AFP had no evidence or lawful reason to detain , much less arrest or charge , any member of the Bali Nine before their departure from Australia , " the AFP noted in a February 7 statement . It also explained it could not limit "  its cooperation to countries that have similar legal systems as Australia . " The AFP is not compelled to answer requests for information about Australians from countries where the death penalty might be imposed , but there are no guidelines to stop it volunteering information , as it did with the Bali Nine . Opinion : Why executions wo n't win Indonesia 's drug war Sukumaran and Chan have become model prisoners during their time behind bars , according to fellow inmates and the jail 's chief warden . Sukumaran is studying fine arts and has set up a class for fellow inmates . Chan has found spirituality , which he uses to counsel inmates with drug problems . Their rehabilitation is genuine , Australia 's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said . "  Andrew and Myuran are the model of what penal systems the world over long to achieve , " Bishop told the Australian Parliament last week . The foreign affairs spokesperson for the opposition Australian Labor Party , Tanya Plibersek delivered a personal account of what it means to be given a second chance . Long before she met her husband , he 'd been convicted in Australia of conspiracy to import heroin from Thailand where the death penalty applies to such crimes . Aged 19 , Michael Coutts Trotter was sentenced to nine years in prison but released after three . He is now one of the most respected public servants in state of New South Wales and the father of three children , all of which might not have been , said Plibersek . "  I feel a genuine debt of gratitude , " Michael Coutts Trotter told CNN . "  So like it or not , you have to accept a deeper sense of responsibility to try to make something useful of your life to repay the trust people have invested in you , " said Coutts Trotter , the current Secretary of the Department of Family and Community Services . Short of a miracle , redemption is not a gift likely to be offered to Sukumaran and Chan . If last-minute appeals fail , Sukumaran and Chan will be allowed a few final choices : whether to stand or kneel , wear a blindfold or face the 12 man firing squad , one or more of whom will kill them . The hashtag , #BoycottBali trends in Australia whenever news of the men 's plight features in the media . While Chan 's parents have now left Bali , Sukumaran 's will stay to the end . As they prepare for what appears inevitable , it is surely little comfort for them to know that according to the Sydney Morning Herald , the man police suspect was the mastermind of their son 's trafficking enterprise is reportedly living a life of luxury in Sydney . He was investigated but escaped prosecution and is believed to have won U.S. $ 3.89 million in a lottery just after the young Australians were convicted . His fortunes stand in stark contrast to that of Sukumaran and Chan . CNN 's Kathy Quiano in Jakarta contributed to this report .	Two Australians on death row will be executed despite pleas from Canberra government One of their mothers questions why Indonesia calls for mercy for its citizens abroad on death row , while sentencing foreigners at home Australian police role in the Bali 9 case has been criticized
Editor 's note : A gunman killed 10 people and himself Tuesday in southern Alabama . It 's the most recent example of mass killing sprees that have traumatized communities over the years . Here 's how one city responded . In the worst mass shooting in the U.S. at the time , a gunman killed 23 customers in a Texas cafeteria in 1991 . CNN  -- On October 16 , 1991 , 35-year-old George Hennard drove a pickup truck into Luby 's cafeteria in Killeen , Texas , and fatally shot 23 people and wounded more than 20 before killing himself . For more than 15 years , the city next to the sprawling Fort Hood military base had the dubious distinction of being the site of the deadliest mass shooting in the United States -- until a student killed 32 people and himself at Virginia Tech in 2007 . "  You can never prepare for an incident like this , " says Killeen city councilman Fred Latham , who was mayor pro tem of the city , which had a population of about 66,000 at the time of the shooting . But Killeen 's experience shows a city can survive the grief , pain and stigma of such an incident . About 80 people were in the cafeteria , many of them taking their bosses to lunch for National Bosses Day when Hennard arrived . He methodically chose his victims , most of whom were women , before he was wounded by police and shot himself . Latham , who is 60 and a real estate broker , has been on the city council off and on for 16 years . He spoke to CNN.com Wednesday . CNN : What are your memories of that day in October ? Latham : It was a tragic day in our history , Many of the people who were killed or injured I personally knew . It was just a big shock that anything like that could ever happen in our community . CNN : Where were you when it happened ? Latham : I was with the mayor and the Waco city engineer , looking at potential road improvements and we just happened to be driving near where Luby 's was , and we saw some roadblocks being set up and we knew something terrible had happened . There were police cars and barricades and you had the sense that something was wrong . CNN : What are your memories of the days after the shooting ? Latham : The community came together as far as trying to help resolve the issues with the people who were victims or their families who were trying to get through it . There were a lot of human resource agencies that came , American Red Cross , a lot of counselors . It was just overwhelming . I think the phones into Killeen were jammed from people all over the country trying to check on their family members . Luby 's was the kind of place that would attract any kind of person . That was Bosses Day that particular day , so you had a lot of extra business there , I 'm sure . And many of the people were in our school district . Our school district is one of the biggest employers in the region . So when you had administrators or people in that administration office killed , they 're going to be known by many , many people . The commanding general at Fort Hood sent in helicopters and all kinds of extra assistance that might be needed . ... Fort Hood is the major employer in the area . At that time there were some 42,000 assigned troops there and some soldiers were actually killed . You can never prepare for an incident like this from somebody that just goes off . How they pick a destination you do n't know . This person drove all the way from Belton , which is about 16 miles to our east . He was n't a Killeen resident , so how he picked Luby 's you do n't know . He actually drove through the front window and the people that were in the restaurant thought maybe he had an accident where you try to apply the brakes and hit the gas pedal . ... . When he came out shooting , the people were kind of trapped . I was proud of our community as to how they handled the situation and overcame all the adversity . Everybody was concerned about the welfare of the families and the people who were victims , Luby 's began a fund to help defray some of the expenses and I think people from all over the country sent money . We formed a committee that helped look at how you disburse the money . I think that was successful and helped some with the aftermath . CNN : What are the emotions that a community goes through ? Latham : Grief , just disbelief that something like this could happen , all the same emotions that you go through with any significant death in a family , I suppose . To have at the time ... that this was worst shooting anywhere in the world , it gives a stigma that you do n't ever want to have for your city . It 's similar to the one that happened at Columbine and at Virginia Tech . Nobody has the answers as to why these things happen and the randomness of the person shooting his victims does n't make any sense . It 's not logical , you ca n't comprehend it . To see death happen to people , they were just there to have a meal with their boss and have a celebration of that and no interaction with the person that perpetrated this act . CNN : Were the churches and houses of worship involved in trying to heal the wounds ? Latham : Absolutely , the churches throughout town came to the aid , performing counseling and having funeral services . There was a lot of compassion , if anything good came out of this , it was the fact that we realized that we all really cared more about each other more than we ever thought . CNN : Has the town recovered ? Latham : It has been resilient . We 've been in a dynamic part of central Texas where the economy has been good for many years . -LSB- There 's -RSB- the resiliency and the strength of Fort Hood , which is one of the most efficient training facilities for the Army and it has continued to grow . A lot of people have retired here and the cost of living is good . There 's affordable housing , the weather is good ... then you 've got a work force that 's educated and disciplined , and they 're fairly young . CNN : You talked about the stigma of having the worst mass killing in the world . Latham : The tendency for the news media , each time an event like this happens , they 'll list one , two , three , four , five , where the most killings occurred and you 're mentioned in that top five . And that 's not something we want to be reminded of . CNN : Some people say the stigma can hurt a town economically , but it does n't seem to have done so in Killeen . Latham : We 're a very mobile community . Our population turns over at least 30 percent every five years . Maybe two-thirds of our population -LSB- now -RSB- were n't even here or does n't even know anything about this . So we 're different from a longtime community that does n't turn over like that . CNN : What advice would you have for other mayors or other city council people in towns who experience these kinds of incidents ? Latham : Well I would accept help from others . You 're not in it by yourself . You 'll be surprised at the resiliency that you 'll have as a community . The faith-based community will come forward , embrace that . You 'll get through it , but you wo n't ever forget the victims or what has happened to the community .	Fred Latham : "  You can never prepare " for an incident like the one in Killeen , Texas In 1991 , a gunman drove a pickup into a cafeteria and killed 23 people Latham says the city raised money for victims and bounced back Latham : Communities are resilient but they will never forget what happened
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen 's opposition groups announced the formation of the National Revolution Council Wednesday , the first significant move toward forming a new government in Yemen . The move comes amid efforts to replace President Ali Abdullah Saleh and his embattled government . The council will have 143 members from a range of political factions , including political figures abroad and in exile . Its main mission will be to end the Saleh regime and ensure that its demands be met . The council will seek recognition from world and regional powers as the sole representative of Yemen . The Yemeni political crisis started January 16 , when youth protesters took to the streets demanding Saleh 's resignation . Today , protests continue in the majority of Yemen 's provinces . Saleh , who has been faced with widespread anti-government sentiment and militant activity , has been urged to accept a political transition plan that will lead to his departure . He has been in Saudi Arabia for treatment of wounds he suffered in an assassination attempt June . Mohammed Qahtan , the spokesman for the opposition Joint Meeting Parties , welcomed the powerful step on the council formation and insisted that Yemen is going in the right direction . "  The national council will speed the process of change in Yemen and will end all government efforts in forcing the country to enter a phase of violence , " said Qahtan . The council is expected to meet later in the week to choose a president and a 20-person executive committee to run the affairs of the "  Yemeni revolution , " said Qahtan . Sakhr Wajeeh , a senior opposition official and member of the council , said the doors are still open for more political figures and sides to enter in order to ensure that the council represents all the Yemeni people . "  This council is key to the success of the Yemeni revolution and all parties must be involved and active in order to lead the country towards prosperity , " said Wajeeh . The Houthi Shiite rebels , who control the northern Saada province and are a strong force in Yemeni politics , were not involved in the national council ; they refused to join . However , they are still in dialogue with opposition officials on receiving membership to the council . The council will gradually work on convincing the international community to acknowledge it as a legitimate representative of the Yemeni people . "  This is step one , and if the regime does not accept peaceful transition of power , we will call on the international community to change its stance on who represents the Yemeni people , " said Ahmed al-Bahri , a senior opposition Haq party official . The conference was held at Sanaa University , just meters away from Change Square , where youth protesters have set up camps demanding a regime change . Protesters insist that Saleh 's family stand trial for crimes committed against Yemenis .	NEW : The council is expected to pick a president and executive committee soon The group will be called the National Revolution Council The president has been urged to step down in an orderly transition
CNN  -- Does the Internet need more rules ? Does it need any rules at all ? Based on the comments to our story "  Meet the Rules of the Internet , " the judgment is decidedly mixed . The story explained the origin of the Internet 's "  rules , " originally a set of guidelines/inside jokes spawned by a variety of sources , including the Internet collective Anonymous , the site Encyclopedia Dramatica and 4chan 's Christopher Poole . As with many Internet memes , however , the concept quickly spread to the mainstream to the point where it 's now fairly routine to run across references to "  Rule 34 " in blog posts and comment strings . Some CNN commenters , however , were n't going to have any rules under any circumstances . "  The only rule of the Internet is that there are absolutely no rules , " said Sal , among others . Other commenters mentioned one of the best-known Internet observations , Godwin 's Law : "  As an online discussion grows longer , the probability of a comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches 1 . " Some wondered why it was n't included . We agree : Godwin 's Law should definitely be a part of any set of Internet rules .  Personally , I blame my editor for its exclusion : Frankly , the guy is a ... With that out of the way , here are 10 more nominations for the list of Internet rules . Ignore them at your peril . • As an online discussion grows longer , the probability of a comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches 1 .  Godwin 's Law • You can not unsee anything Rules 34-36 apply to .  suggested by Josh Weikel • The cake is a lie .  suggested by DragonWife ; originated in the video game "  Portal " • Comment boards tend not to extend the discussion in a productive manner .  suggested by Simps0n • If a new version of anything comes out , half the Internet will hate it because they changed it too much , and the other half will hate it because they did n't change it enough .  suggested by chewie402 • For trolls : When in doubt -- or when you just do n't know -- go hostile .  suggested by Matt in KY • Do n't be a d ** k.  Wheaton 's Law , suggested by freddosaurusRex • The girl you met online may actually be a guy .  suggested by Krehator ; this is a variation of the classic New Yorker cartoon caption "  On the Internet , nobody knows you 're a dog . " • If anything you see upsets you , it is your problem , not the poster 's .  suggested by readerman • Keep it simple . Odds are , most people reading this are stoned .  suggested by Jeffrey John Albrecht Thanks for playing . You can have your Internet back now .	CNN commenters respond to our story on the Rules of the Internet Said one : "  The only rule of the Internet is that there are absolutely no rules " Others mentioned Godwin 's Law , about commenters calling each other Nazis
CNN  -- So let 's try to recount why we are where we are . In August 2011 , Washington was trying to figure out how to raise the debt ceiling -- so the US might continue to pay its bills -- when a stunt was hatched : Kick the can down the road . And not only kick it down the road , but do it in a way that would eventually force Washington to do its job : Invent a punishment . If the politicians failed to come up with some kind of budget deal , the blunt instrument of across-the-board cuts in every area would await . Unthinkable ! Untenable ! Until now . In fact , something designed to be worse than any conceivable agreement is now completely acceptable to many . And not only are these forced budget cuts considered acceptable , they 're even applauded . Some Republicans figure they 'll never find a way to get 5 % across-the-board domestic spending cuts like this again , so go for it . And some liberal Democrats likewise say 8 % cuts in military spending are better than anything we might get on our own , so go for it . Opinion : Forced budget cuts a disaster for military The result : A draconian plan designed to force the two sides to get together has now turned out to be too weak to do that . And what does that tell us ? More about the collapse of the political process than it does about the merits of any budget cuts . Official Washington has completely abdicated responsibility , taking its dysfunction to a new level -- which is really saying something . We 've learned since the election that the second-term president is feeling chipper . With re-election came the power to force Republicans to raise taxes on the wealthy in the fiscal cliff negotiations , and good for him . Americans voted , and said that 's what they wanted , and so it happened . Even the most sullen Republicans knew that tax fight had been lost . Points on the board for the White House . Now the evil "  sequester " -- the forced budget cuts -- looms . And the president proposes what he calls a "  balanced " approach : closing tax loopholes on the rich and budget cuts . It 's something he knows Republicans will never go for . They raised taxes six weeks ago , and they 're not going to do it again now . They already gave at the office . And Republicans also say , with some merit , that taxes were never meant to be a part of the discussion of across-the-board cuts . It 's about spending . Politics : Obama more emotional on spending cuts Here 's the problem : The election is over . Obama won , and he does n't really have to keep telling us -- or showing us , via staged campaign-style events like the one Tuesday in which he used police officers as props while he opposed the forced spending cuts . What we 're waiting for is the plan to translate victory into effective governance . Sure , there 's no doubt the president has the upper hand . He 's right to believe that GOP calls for austerity do not constitute a cohesive party platform . He knows that the GOP has no singular , effective leader , and that its message is unformed . And he 's probably hoping that the next two years can be used effectively to further undermine the GOP and win back a Democratic majority in the House . Slight problem : There 's plenty of real work to be done , on the budget , on tax reform , on immigration , climate change and guns . A second-term president has a small window of opportunity . And a presidential legacy is not something that can be kicked down the road . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger : Prospect of deep budget cuts was designed to compel compromise She says the "  unthinkable " cuts now have many supporters The likelihood that cuts may happen shows new level of D.C. dysfunction , she says Borger : President may want a 2014 House victory , but action needed now
CNN  -- Former "  Survivor " contestant Caleb Bankston has died while working on a coal train near Birmingham , Alabama , a railway official told CNN . Bankston was a conductor on the Alabama Warrior Railway , a job he had held for seven months when Tuesday 's accident happened , said Ed McKechnie , an executive vice president for Watco , the railway 's parent company . Bankston , 27 , was a contestant on "  Survivor : Blood vs. Water " last year , along with his fiance , Colton Cumbie , according the CBS show 's website . "  Our prayers continue to be with Caleb and his family , " railway Senior Vice President Dan Smith said in a written statement . The railway began a "  safety stand down " Wednesday morning , sending its workers to sessions "  to ensure all team members understood that nothing is more important than their safety , " the company said . Federal Railroad Administration investigators were on the tracks Wednesday looking at what caused the accident , according to a railway statement . "  Once completed , our investigation will identify the root cause of the accident , and we will take all appropriate enforcement actions , " Federal Railroad Administration spokesman Warren Flatau said . People we 've lost in 2014	Caleb Bankston was a conductor on a coal train for seven months Bankston was a contestant on last year 's "  Survivor : Blood vs. Water " Federal Railroad Administration investigators are on the scene in Alabama
CNN  -- When Shorter University in northwest Georgia recently informed its 200 employees that they had to sign a "  personal lifestyle pledge " requiring them to reject homosexuality or lose their jobs , school administrators underscored a staggering injustice : In 29 U.S. states , people can still be fired for being gay . While same-sex marriage and other equality debates soak up political and media attention , the Employment Non-discrimination Act , a 37-year-old bill , languishes in the U.S. Congress . Without that federal law , a majority of our states condone job , housing and other discrimination based on sexual orientation . An even larger number -- 35 -- have no protections for transgender people . Even corporate America is ahead of our legislators on this issue : 87 % of Fortune 500 companies have policies barring discrimination based on sexual orientation .  About 46 % also protect gender identity .  What do the innovators and drivers of our economy know that our politicians do not ? Despite a bomb threat that canceled classes , hundreds of Shorter students , faculty , alumni and neighbors protested against the pledge on November 11 . These individuals demonstrated tremendous courage in standing up to the university and its leaders ' opportunistic interpretation of religious tradition . I know something about the personal strength that kind of protest requires . In the late 1990s , when I stood as President Bill Clinton 's nominee as U.S. ambassador to the small European nation of Luxembourg , Christian extremists circulated false allegations of pedophilia and other lies in hopes of sinking the nomination . They never once questioned my professional qualifications ; the only issue was my sexuality . One of the main reasons discrimination persists is that many people in America -- whether we speak of Don Dowless , Shorter 's president , or presidential hopefuls Herman Cain or Michele Bachmann -- advance and reinforce the myth that being gay is a choice . For them , it is as if we silly LGBT people would be perfectly happy and healthy if we would just make a different set of decisions about our lives . As a young boy growing up in Austin , Minnesota , teachers forced pens into my right hand in the futile hope of correcting my left-handedness . If they had known I was gay , they might have tried to fix that , too . They would have failed . I spent the first 35 years of my life trying very hard not to be gay , to the extent that I married my college sweetheart and created a beautiful family of five children with her . Hard as I tried to make that life work , I could not escape my attraction to men . Choice had nothing to do with it . Scientists from San Francisco to Stockholm are finding evidence of what gay people know in their hearts : that sexual orientation is innate . Recent research in Sweden has identified differences in brain structure that may determine whether a person is gay or straight . Until the time that people accept that all of us are born into our sexual orientation and identity , LGBT citizens will still endure discrimination and selective application of the Constitution 's protections . Through a social media campaign that includes online petitions , the anti-bigotry protesters are keeping pressure on Shorter to drop its policy . But the question must be asked : Why is it legal for a university to discriminate ? The protesters must next take their demands to Georgia 's legislature . Discrimination based on sexual orientation has no place in America today . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Hormel .	Shorter University told employees to sign an anti-gay pledge or lose their jobs James Hormel : In 29 states , you can still be discriminated against , fired for being gay Hormel : Congress needs to pass 37-year-old Employment Non-Discrimination Act It 's not a choice , he writes ; people are born into sexual orientation and identity
CNN  -- Asia 's economic growth will tumble to the slowest pace since the 1997-1998 Asian financial crisis , the Asian Development Bank  ADB  said in a report released Tuesday . Customers buy vegetables at a market in Quezon City in suburban Manila , Philippines , on September 16 . "  The short term outlook for the region is bleak as the full impact of the severe recession in industrialized economies is transmitted to emerging markets , " said Jong-Wha Lee , acting chief economist for the ADB . The Asian Development Outlook 2009 forecasts that economic growth in developing Asia will slip to 3.4 percent in 2009 , down from 6.3 percent last year and 9.5 percent in 2007 . Growth could improve to 6 percent in 2010 , if the global economy experiences a mild recovery next year , the report says . "  The concern for the region , and especially for the region 's poor , is that it is not yet clear that the -LSB- United States -RSB- , European Union and Japan will recover as soon as next year , " Lee said . The slowdown should prompt Asian countries to expand their economic base and not be as dependent on exports , according to the report . Despite the downturn , the report says Asia is in a much better position to cope with the current crisis than it was in the late 1990s . "  Large foreign currency reserves and steadily declining inflation rates will provide policymakers with the necessary tools to nurse their economies through the hard times ahead , " the report said . A number of Asian governments , including China , Japan and South Korea , have already responded quickly to the global financial crisis with stimulus packages and changes in monetary policy , helping to stem some of the downturn . In November , China announced plans to inject $ 586 billion  4 trillion yuan  into its economy to offset declines in industrial and export growth . That economic stimulus plan included the loosening of credit restrictions , tax cuts and massive infrastructure spending .	Economic growth in developing Asia forecast to slip to 3.4 percent in 2009 Growth could improve to 6 percent in 2010 , report says Report : Slowdown could prompt Asian nations to not be as dependent on exports
CNN  -- Deputies in Arizona 's Maricopa County will leave white wooden crosses at desert locations to mark the spots where immigrants die as they try to enter the country from Mexico . Sheriff Joe Arpaio , who made the announcement , said 14 people have died since June in the area known as Gild Bend . More than 30 people have been rescued in the same area , he said at a Thursday news conference in the desert south of Phoenix . "  Desert crossers are dying in unknown numbers due to the desert 's brutal conditions and excessively high temperatures , " the sheriff said . He said the crosses , made by inmates , also will serve as landmarks so people in distress in the desert can give their location when they call for help . The sheriff criticized the federal government for failing to seal the border and said it should reimburse his county for "  the time and resources spent on these mercy missions . " Arpaio is known for his strict approach to immigration enforcement in Maricopa County and has been at odds with the federal government over immigration policy . In May , a federal judge agreed with the Justice Department that his deputies were illegally detaining Hispanics on pretexts to try to find undocumented people . Arpaio has said he will appeal the judge 's ruling , which stopped a program of traffic sweeps .	Sheriff cites 14 recent deaths of border crossers in desert heat Arpaio : Deputies have rescued more than 30 people in the desert recently Sheriff criticizes federal government for failing to control border In May , a federal judge found Arpaio 's deputies illegally detained Hispanics
New Delhi  CNN  -- India 's prime minister Monday called for reforms in the country 's slow-paced judicial system as a key measure to fighting corruption as he discounted the notion that a citizen ombudsman alone can eradicate deeply-entrenched graft . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh told a management institute in Calcutta in eastern India that his government though was open to dialogue with campaigners demanding an anti-corruption watchdog with sweeping powers . His comments came as 74-year-old activist Anna Hazare 's hunger strike entered its seventh day at a large protest site in New Delhi , packed by thousands of supporters . Hazare has set August 30 as a deadline for parliament to pass a bill drafted by members of the civil society to create a Lokpal , or citizen ombudsman . The campaigner rejects the government 's version of the legislation already tabled in the elected national assembly , saying it 's too weak . In his speech in Calcutta , Singh reiterated that his government believed concerns over the proposed law should be conveyed to lawmakers and a parliamentary committee scrutinizing the Lokpal bill . "  We are open to a reasoned debate on all these issues , " he remarked . Singh , however , disagreed that a Lokpal could become the ultimate solution to tackling corruption . "  The creation of the Lokpal as an institution will help . But it will not solve the problem . It needs to be supported by improvements in the pace and quality of judicial processes , " he said . The Indian leader suggested speeding up India 's justice system , notorious for its sluggishness and how long it takes to settle lawsuits . "  Speedy trials and timely judgments will do a great deal to discourage corruption and dispel the notion that those who break the law can get away scot-free . This requires a number of judicial reforms , " he said . Meantime , Hazare continued his fast at New Delhi 's Ramlila Grounds , a day after he made a rare appeal to his supporters to hold sit-ins at the homes of lawmakers until they agree to the civil-society draft of the Lokpal bill that the government has not accepted in full . New Delhi 's police spokesman Rajan Bhagat told CNN that officers had removed demonstrators surrounding houses of elected leaders from different locations in the city . There were no detentions , he said . Police had no immediate details about how many protesters had gathered outside the homes of parliamentarians after Hazare 's call . In his dramatic comments Sunday , the elderly campaigner also described public gatherings as superior to the federal assembly . " ... the people 's parliament is over and above New Delhi 's parliament . It is this people 's parliament that has created that  elected  parliament , " Hazare said . Some observers , however , disapproved of the activist 's protest tactics modeled after hunger strikes of India 's independence leader Mahatma Gandhi as he fought the British rule . "  Mr. Hazare is well within his rights to hold protests . But to say , ` You accept my bill and nothing else , ' might amount to coercing the government and parliament , " constitutional expert Subhash Kashyap said . He , however , described Hazare 's support base as a clear indication of public disaffection with chronic corruption . "  I think most of the people may  not know  what Lokpal or Jan Lokpal bills are and about their implications . They have hit the streets because they are frustrated with this corruption and also with the government 's handling of the whole issue , " Kashyap said . Nonetheless , he warned that democratic bodies should be allowed to work in accordance with laid-down norms . "  In the name of corruption , you can not demolish democratic institutions . You can not throw the baby with the bath-water , " Kashyap said . Experts also believe the South Asian nation is required to carry out a range of reforms to overhaul its systems . "  Corruption is a systemic problem . A Lokpal may be curative , but it ca n't be preventive as far as corruption is concerned . We need systemic , administrative and , above all , political and electoral reforms , " Kashyap added . On Saturday , a leading civil-rights activist , Aruna Roy , echoed similar views on Hazare 's campaign . "  I think  Hazare  is ill-advised . Anyone who says , ` My view should be the only view , ' is wrong , " said Roy of the National Campaign for People 's Right to Information . "  We must assert our rights . But to get rid of these  democratic  institutions would be a great disaster for all the people in this country , " she warned .	Prime minister says judicial system reform needed to curb corruption He says an ombudsman wo n't be enough Hazare continues his hunger strike
CNN  -- As Republican presidential candidates move closer to the key tests for their party 's nomination , the highly charged topic of Israel and its conflict with Palestinians has come up with increasing frequency in speeches and debates . Most recently , Newt Gingrich sent a jolt through the discussion with his description of Palestinians as "  an invented " people . His rivals , without disagreeing , accused Gingrich of speaking irresponsibly and potentially hurting Israel . Most people in the U.S. and around the world interpret the campaign pledges of love and support for Israel as an effort to win the Jewish vote . But the Jewish vote has little to do with it . The Republican candidates ' passionate vows to support Israel have two objectives . First , they aim to capture the pro-Israel vote in a country where the vast majority of people side strongly with Israel and in a party where the most reliable primary voters , conservative Republicans and evangelical Christians , express intense feelings on the subject . Second , they seek to make President Barack Obama look weak on foreign policy with an issue people care about and where the GOP thinks it might score some points . There are many things you can say about how Obama handled the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . The one thing you can not say is that it succeeded . His early missteps managed to make Israelis and Palestinians feel betrayed by Washington . The very public pressure Obama exerted on Israel , has , according to some polls hurt his standing among Jews and among Israelis . But the president 's change in tone later helped him with both groups . Most Israelis now say they view him favorably . Among American Jews , Obama 's approval may have sunk significantly to the low 50s , but that is still considerably higher than the approval he enjoys nationwide . Despite the views of serious analysts and the calculations of conspiracy theorists , Jewish voters are hardly the point . The numbers confirm that a Republican fight for the Jewish vote would mostly amount to wasted energy . The number of Jewish-American voters barely registers when compared with the size of the pro-Israel vote . Barely 2 % of American voters are Jewish compared with more than 60 % who consider themselves pro-Israel . Worse for Republicans , a large and consistent majority of Jews vote Democratic . Obama won the Jewish vote by an incredible 78 % in the last election . Most American Jews have voted for Democratic presidents for decades . Even if half of them voted for a Republican this year , the prize during the primary is hardly worth the effort . The pro-Israel vote is another matter . Americans support Israel so strongly that for every Jew in the U.S. , there are at least 30 non-Jews who say they side with the Jewish state . Support for Israel is at near-record highs , making a pro-Israel position a winning formula for Republicans and Democrats . It 's not just Republicans candidates who proclaim their commitment to Israel . Despite his strained relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Obama frequently asserts support . He expressed that sentiment in June at a Democratic National Committee event , saying that "  Israel 's security will always be at the top tier of considerations ... because it 's the right thing to do , because Israel is our closest ally and friend ... it shares our values and it shares our principles . " Those are words pro-Israel voters , Jewish or not , want to hear . If Republican candidates were trying to help Israel rather than chasing votes , they might stop using it as a political issue . The most damaging change they can bring to the Jewish state 's security is to turn support for Israel into a partisan matter . Until now , it is one of the few issues on which bitterly divided Republicans and Democrats usually agree . In fact , Gingrich 's recent comments about Palestinians would not make him a lot of friends among Israelis . His incendiary remark -- that Palestine was never a state and Palestinians identified themselves as Arabs until recently -- does nothing to advance the cause of peace . However long Palestinians have seen themselves as a "  people , " they now share a common history and view themselves as one . The obvious response to Gingrich 's rhetorical Molotov cocktail is , so what ? Gingrich seemed to imply Palestinians do not deserve a state . But the best conceivable way to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is creating two states . That 's why a majority of Israelis support the two-state solution . But for now , Republican candidates are worried about rounding up primary votes . One way to do that is by appealing to those with the most intense feelings and the greatest anxiety about Israel 's security . More than 60 % of conservative Republicans and evangelical Christians , according to a recent poll by the Pew Research Center , consider it "  a very important goal " to protect Israel . For evangelicals , in particular , the issue could decide their voting choice . That 's why Michelle Bachmann , for example , has spoken in almost mystical terms , saying "  as a nation we have been blessed because of our relationship with Israel . " Mitt Romney says his first trip as president will be to Israel . All candidates -- except Ron Paul , who wants to cut all foreign aid -- make support for Israel a cornerstone of their foreign policy . Once the Republicans choose their candidate and the race becomes a two-person contest , both sides will try to show they are the most committed to maintaining the strongest of ties and the greatest commitment to Israel 's security . It will be a quest for the backing of Jewish voters , but more importantly , an effort to entice the much larger pool of Americans who consider themselves supporters of Israel .	Frida Ghitis says GOP candidates avow support for Israel more and more frequently She says they are not courting small Jewish vote as much as large pro-Israel vote She says if candidates really want to help Israel , they should back off inflammatory remarks Ghitis : Most Israelis back two-state solution ; Gingrich 's Palestinian comment hurts
CNN  -- Much of the country has turned up the heat during the deep freeze this week , but for some , the icy chill is on its way out . The Deep South joined most of the rest of the nation with sub-zero temperatures Friday as a fast-moving cold front knifed its way down to Florida . Combined with moisture from the Gulf of Mexico , the frigid air dumped a dangerous mix of ice and snow throughout the Southeast Thursday night and Friday morning , coating roadways with a slick glaze . At least nine deaths around the country were blamed on this week 's round of winter weather . Relief is in sight for the Midwest this weekend , however , as higher temperatures make their way eastward , according to CNN meteorologist Chad Meyers . But the cold will tighten its grip before warmer air takes hold . An Arctic air mass over the Plains will cause severe wind chills through Saturday morning , the National Weather Service reported . The weather service has issued wind chill advisories for northwestern Missouri , northeastern Kansas , eastern Nebraska and southwestern Iowa , meaning the wind chill could be severe enough to cause frost bite or hypothermia . The South will also experience higher temperatures by the end of the weekend but that region , too , will shiver a while longer . Floridians braced for a second surge of Arctic air that promised to dip well into the southern parts of the state . Key West already set a record low temperature on Thursday , bottoming out at 47 degrees -- shattering the previous low set back in 1897 . Temperatures on Sunday and Monday are expected to be in the low-to-mid-40s . The citrus growing regions in Florida and Texas will have to keep an eye on their crops as the cold air remains in the area , Meyers said . In southern Texas , the National Weather Service has issued a hard freeze warning through late Saturday morning , saying that the conditions "  will kill temperature-sensitive vegetation and could cause widespread damage or destruction to crops . " The East might not feel the warmth until Tuesday , Meyers said , and will continue to feel temperatures that are 10 to 20 degrees below average . Residents in New York City and the surrounding area , including northeastern New Jersey and southern Connecticut , wo n't feel temperatures above 30 degrees this weekend , the weather service reported . Saturday night is expected to be the coldest , with lows in the teens and below in some areas , the weather service said . iReport : Show CNN how how the cold is affecting you While forecasts do n't predict snow east of the Rocky Mountains in the coming days , Meyers said , a storm system in the far west could drop as much as 10 feet over the Canadian site of the 2010 Winter Olympics . Flakes are expected Saturday and may fall in the coming days on a swath of land ranging from British Columbia to the northern Sierras of California , Meyers said . The most snow -- about 10 feet -- is expected to fall in Canada 's Whistler Blackcomb , the venue for the Olympic Alpine skiing event . The heavy snow is a plus for the event but could also bring threats of avalanches , Meyers said . 29-car pileup near Atlanta airport Vancouver , British Columbia , hosts the 2010 Games , which begin with the opening ceremony on February 12 . Alpine skiing begins the following day . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Hank Bishop and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Fast-moving cold front knifes through southeastern U.S. , into Florida NEW : At least nine deaths nationwide blamed on cold weather this week NEW : Warmer air gradually will move eastward , with Northeast the last to see relief Key West , Florida , southernmost point in continental U.S. , has coldest day in 112 years
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The federal government is at risk of being unable to fight off attacks on the nation 's computer networks unless it strengthens its cyber-security work force , according to a report released Wednesday . President Obama calls cyber security "  one of the most serious " challenges facing the nation . The nation 's security could be in jeopardy because not enough workers are sufficiently trained to protect computer systems from hackers , criminals , terrorists and foreign governments , the Partnership for Public Service and consulting company Booz Allen Hamilton found after studying 18 federal agencies and interviewing experts inside and outside government . President Obama has said the cyber threat is "  one of the most serious economic and national security challenges " facing the nation . In May he announced his intention to create the post of cyber-security coordinator to oversee "  a new comprehensive approach to securing America 's digital infrastructure . " "  The overriding finding of our analysis is that our federal government will be unable to combat these threats without a more coordinated , sustained effort to increase cyber-security expertise in the federal work force , " the report , titled "  Cyber IN-Security , " states . The report cites four challenges facing the government : an inadequate supply of potential new information technology experts ; uncoordinated leadership of cyber-security workers ; a cumbersome hiring process that discourages people from seeking government jobs and fails to provide a career path for those who do ; and hiring managers and human resource specialists who disagree on the quality of IT candidates . The report recommends that the coordinator develop a strategy for recruiting , training and retaining cyber-security experts . The report also recommends the White House reach out to universities and the private sector to encourage Americans to develop technological skills , similar to what previous administrations did during the space race . The study calls on the Office of Personnel and Management to fix the federal hiring process , create a cyber-security career path and expedite security clearances . It suggests Congress provide significant funding for training federal workers in "  state of the art " technologies and for college scholarships in the cyber - security field . Partnership for Public Service is a nonpartisan , nonprofit organization devoted to building a better federal work force . Booz Allen Hamilton is a management consulting firm .	Federal government should bolster cyber-security work force , report says Paper recommends developing plan for recruiting , training , keeping experts Report also recommends streamlining cumbersome federal hiring process President Obama calls cyber security a top challenge ; plans coordinator post
CNN  When I was elected to the Kentucky State Senate in 1967 , I became the first woman and the first person of color to serve in the body . Five decades later , I find it almost unfathomable that a politician from my own state is attempting to launch his presidential campaign on a record that includes questioning landmark voting rights and civil rights legislation . But that is what Rand Paul , who today declared he 's running for president of the United States , is doing . His campaign team told reporters last week that his campaign announcement message would be about "  expanding the Republican Party " -- a message of inclusion . But those of us listening today who he is hoping to include , heard nothing more than hype . I 'm not buying it . Since coming to the U.S. Senate , Paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican . He 's tried to brand himself as the GOP 's minority outreach candidate . The problem for Paul , and the GOP at large , is that they do n't back up their words with their policies . Yes , it 's about time that Republicans started seriously considering the fact that black voters are an important piece of the electoral puzzle . But they ca n't actually appeal to the community unless they have a real commitment to the issues facing minority communities . A quick survey of Sen. Paul 's positions makes clear that he does not . Paul kicked off his announcement speech in Louisville by declaring "  I have a message that is loud and clear : We have come to take our country back . " I have no doubt that under Paul 's leadership , he would indeed take our country back -- in the wrong direction -- way back to a time when we were debating the Civil Rights Act -- which Paul has done since landing on the national stage ; when there was no Department of Education -- a department he thinks "  should be done away with ; " when women did n't have choices -- choices Paul seeks to limit in Washington ; when DREAMers were n't protected from deportation -- protections Paul currently opposes . In his inept speaking engagements at historically black colleges and universities , he has come across as condescending and lacking basic cultural competency . But Paul has also questioned the Civil Rights Act , and even claimed that private business owners have a right to discriminate . When asked about the need for a more robust Voting Rights Act following the Supreme Court 's dismantling of the law , Paul dismissively remarked , "  We have an African-American President . " When President Obama stood with John Lewis and other veterans of the civil rights movement in front of the Edmund Pettus Bridge last month to mark the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday , he inspired us all by saying : "  With effort , we can roll back poverty and the roadblocks to opportunity . ... With effort , we can protect the foundation stone of our democracy for which so many marched across this bridge -- and that is the right to vote . " America is better -- and we solve more problems -- with more democracy , not less . Unfortunately Rand Paul has demonstrated that he disagree with that basic principle . Paul tried once again from that stage in Louisville to fashion himself as the one member of his party courageous enough to try to broaden Republican appeal to constituencies they ignore year after year . But his record makes it very clear that his views are outdated , outside of the mainstream , and disqualifying for a man who wants to lead our country . The American people deserve a leader who wo n't disrespect their intelligence , who wo n't pander to them when it 's convenient , and who wo n't work to dismantle the progress we have made over the last five decades . What I heard today , did n't change the facts about Rand Paul 's record . The American people deserve better than Rand Paul .	Georgia Powers : Rand Paul , running for president , would like minorities to think he 's an advocate . His record on rights shows otherwise On civil rights , women 's choice , voting rights , immigrant DREAMers , education , he has shown he 'd take country backwards , she says
CNN  -- Recent revelations in print and now on television by convicted match fixer Wilson Raj Perumal are once again throwing the spotlight onto match-fixing in football . Coercing players , officials and administrators into rigging matches has netted fixers millions of dollars while football is left counting the cost to its integrity . How big is the problem ? It 's widespread , says Terry Steans , who has worked as an investigator for football 's world governing body , FIFA . "  I never thought it would be across the globe but it is , and that 's the most surprising thing to me  along with  the consummate ease with which fixers gained access to football , " Steans told CNN . In February last year , the European Union 's law enforcement agency , Europol announced that 680 matches  380 of them in Europe  played between 2008 and 2011 were under suspicion of being rigged . "  This is the work of a suspected organized crime syndicate based in Asia and operated with criminal networks around Europe , " Rob Wainwright , director of Europol said following an 18-month probe . Specific matches under scrutiny were not named by Europol , but fixtures include World Cup qualifiers and Champions League ties , they said . Europe 's top domestic leagues have been no stranger to football corruption in recent times with notable match-fixing scandals erupting in Germany 's Bundesliga in 2005 and Italy 's Serie A and B the following season . But match fixing extends far beyond Europe 's borders with scandals uncovered in Asia , Africa and Latin America in recent years . Investigators say that much of the problem stems from illegal gambling markets in Asia , which are said to turn over billions of dollars every single day . "  Football is by far the largest betting market in the world and by far the most liquid , " says Joe Saumarez Smith , a sports betting consultant . Fixers like to target football because there are a lot of matches played , he says . But there are other reasons . "  A lot of players are not very well paid and , particularly in the African leagues , they do n't get paid ... so match-fixing becomes more attractive , " Saumarez Smith says . How do you go about fixing football matches ? With alarming ease , if you believe Perumal . "  I 've fixed matches with just a single player , " he says . "  But , of course , you would like to have the goalkeeper , we would like to have the defenders , then the striker ... " Perumal told CNN that a fix will often start with one player who is offered money to throw a game . If they are happy to play ball , the match fixer will then use the target to sound out other members of the team . Using a group of players to fix a match is advantageous to the fixer because it improves the chances of getting the desired result . It 's also more difficult to spot says Declan Hill , author of "  The Insider 's Guide to Match-Fixing in Football . " "  You have six players running around trying as hard as they can ; and you have five players pretending to run around trying as hard as they can , " Hill explained in a piece penned for CNN last year . "  This way , the outsider finds it extraordinarily difficult to figure out what is going on . All they see is 11 players who may or may not be making mistakes . " Referees are also prime targets for match fixers and Perumal would frequently attempt to bribe the man in black . Some referees were ripe for corruption , he claims . "  These are people who are supposed to uphold the laws of the game . But sad to say that , you know , FIFA does n't really pay these referees that well , " Perumal said . "  They get about $ 1,000 or maybe $ 1,500  per game  which is very small money . In my opinion , FIFA should pay them a lot more or they should start to professionalize this officiating . " When asked about the payment of referees , FIFA told CNN : "  Corruption does not depend on how much you are paid , but instead , and above all , honesty and values of the individual . " There is also evidence that some club owners are corrupting results . "  Europol investigators spoke about this during their conference  in 2013  , " Hill says . "  There are dodgy club owners in Europe who will begin a season by looking at the 40 or so games in the league , and think , ` right , we will try to win these 30 matches , and we will lose these 10 , ' " Hill said . "  Knowing that they will lose those specific 10 matches , the club owners will bet against their team and make more money losing those matches , than in winning all the other games . " What are football 's authorities doing ? A lot or not enough , depending on who you talk to . FIFA points to the "  vast range of measures and initiatives , " they have implemented in response to match fixing . These include national and regional workshops and an E-learning program developed in partnership with INTERPOL . "  The integrity of the game is a top priority , " FIFA told CNN . "  We take any allegations of match manipulation very seriously . " But Saumarez Smith is n't convinced the footballing authorities are doing enough yet . "  They are  slightly better than what they used to be , but they used to be absolutely dreadful , " Saumarez Smith says . "  In fact , they just had their heads in the sand about it . I remember going to some meetings with leagues 15 years ago and me saying : ` we could do a match-monitoring service , ' and they said : ` why would we want that ? ' They 've got a bit more alerted , but they are a long way from where they could be . " Education is also crucial , he thinks . "  The clubs and the league need to have an education program to tell the young players if you are approached by a match-fixer you need to come and tell us , " he said . "  That needs to be an education process from a very early stage , from 13 or 14  years old  for players coming from the professional rank or joining clubs . " Improvements have been made at UEFA , he says , pointing to their use of betting monitoring -- European football 's governing body annually track more than 30,000 matches across the continent for betting irregularities . FIFA have their own monitoring system called "  Early Warning System , " but Saumarez Smith questions the organization 's capability to deal with corruption . "  I think it 's difficult for some people to take them seriously when their own house does n't appear to be in order , " he says , noting the continuing controversy surrounding the bidding process for World Cup finals . But Steans , who worked for FIFA from 2010 to 2012 , defends his former employer . "  FIFA were really concerned , " he says . "  For the two years I was there working under Chris Eaton , he was genuinely concerned and tasked us solely to match-fixing . Once you 're inside it as a football fan and you 're seeing  match-fixing  first hand , you ca n't help but be concerned for the game . " Will football ever be fix free ? Experts are n't sure . "  Fixing and corruption has always been in sport , it 's really part of human nature , " says Declan Hill . "  The trick now is battling this globalized phenomenon of corruption . Frankly , what we need is an independent , international anti-corruption agency for sport , the same way WADA  World Anti-Doping Agency  has been set up . " Steans agrees . "  I 'd like to think that we could make the majority of the game safe and I feel the only way that can be done is by an independent body being formed -- an international independent body with proper powers , " Steans says . "  I think individual associations standing alone will always be vulnerable to clever criminals with money and the human condition makes people naturally vulnerable when lots of money is involved . " Read more : The man who fixed football	Football match fixing is a global problem , according to former FIFA investigator Convicted match fixer Wilson Raj Perumal says he fixed a match with a single player Sports betting expert urges clubs to educate players about fixing from young age Investigative journalist Declan Hill , calls for independent anti-corruption agency
CNN  -- Lake Louise specialist Aksel Lund Svindal secured his fifth Super-G win at the Canadian ski resort Sunday to put down an early marker in an Olympic season . The Norwegian made the most of his experience on the lower part of the course to record a time of one minute 28.53 seconds -- 0.38 faster than second placed Matthias Mayer of Austria . Svindal was winning at Lake Louise for the second straight year and his 22nd World Cup victory has taken him past Kjetil Andre Aamodt 's Norwegian record . I think it 's cool , " he said of beating the record . "  It is something to know that my idol is at home and that I beat his record . I will call him later and I will see what he says . I think he must have some mixed feelings . " The win has also left him top of the overall World Cup standings , his cause helped when American hope Ted Ligety skied out on the top part of the course . Svindal , a four-time World Cup champion in the Super-G , will also be defending his Olympic title in Sochi next February and on this early form will be favorite for gold again . Only fourth in Saturday 's downhill behind Italy 's Dominik Paris , Svindal was behind Mayer at the mid section before powering to the finish . Another Austrian , Georg Streitberger , occupied the final podium position . Six of Svindal 's 22 wins have come at Lake Louise with Super-G success previously in 2005 , 2007 , 2011 and 2012 . American Bode Miller continued his comeback to the World Cup circuit by taking 24th place , just ahead of Paris , who was unable to repeat his heroics on a technically demanding course , shrouded in fog . On the women 's circuit , there was a first giant slalom success for 29-year-old Swede Jessica Lindell-Vikarby . She held off the challenge of precocious American teenager Mikaela Shiffrin by just nine hundredths of a second over two legs at Beaver Creek in Colorado . The race on the famous Birds of Prey course had a dramatic ending as 18-year-old Shiffrin , second last to go on the second run , took the lead from Tina Weirather of Liechtenstein . But Lindell-Vikarby kept her nerve to disappoint the home crowd , who included many of Shiffrin 's family . Earlier , Lara Gut 's bid for a third win of the Beaver Creek weekend came to an end when she skied out in the first leg . Switzerland 's Gut had won Friday 's downhill and Saturday 's Super-G .	Aksel Lund Svindal claims men 's Super-G at Lake Louise Norwegian winning at Canadian resort for sixth time Svindal defends his Olympic Super-G title in Sochi Jessica Lindell-Vikarby wins women 's giant slalom at Beaver Creek
CNN  -- The Internal Revenue Service has admitted that it targeted groups with "  tea party " or "  patriot " in their names . We 've since learned that a wider array of groups concerned about spending , debt , high taxes , government growth , the Constitution , the Bill of Rights -- basically any conservative or libertarian issue you can name -- was targeted . President Obama said Monday that he was "  outraged " over the IRS ' behavior . He said that those responsible should be held "  fully accountable . " I wonder when that will happen ? On Wednesday , the president requested and received the resignation of Acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller -- but that is not enough . The executive branch has been aware of this scandal for nearly two years and now , only as a result of massive public pressure , the administration has found a scapegoat . The president did not announce that Miller was responsible , and we still do n't know who came up with the idea to target the tea party . We have not been told whether Obama administration officials knew about the discrimination and if they allowed it to continue when they found out . Forcing out Miller is not the end of this scandal . Holding the guilty parties accountable is just the first step . But if the handling of the attack in Benghazi , Libya , is any indication , there are no guarantees this will happen . The IRS is under the president 's jurisdiction . He needs to fully recognize the gravity of these charges . The IRS targeting citizens for political reasons is not simply another Washington scandal . At issue is something that strikes at the very heart of who we are as a people , what we believe as Americans and what this country has always stood for . The First Amendment was written to protect many different types of expression . But the Founding Fathers ' primary concern -- and a first principle for every generation of Americans that followed -- was the protection of political speech . Apparently , the IRS was even targeting people who criticized how the country was being run . Protecting citizens ' right to speak out against their government has always been an integral part of what separates us from tyrannical regimes . What the IRS did is how the KGB used to target dissidents . It is how they deal with troublemakers in China . It is not how we treat American citizens . Our Constitution guarantees it . This week , I introduced a Senate Resolution condemning the IRS ' actions and calling for a full investigation into how the agency infringed upon the First Amendment rights of those targeted . Democrats put a hold on my resolution . We have learned that some officials knew about these indiscretions long before the recent denials . We wanted to investigate to find out who knew what , when , and for how long . We have learned that some tea party groups had unduly long wait times for tax-exempt status . Some eventually withdrew their applications out of frustration . In my home state of Kentucky , a 9/12 group filed for 501  c   4  status in December of 2010 . It received its first correspondence almost immediately , saying there would be a determination within 90 days . Fourteen months later , the IRS requested answers to 30 questions with sub-bullets -- 88 total separate inquiries -- and gave only a two-week period to comply . The Kentucky 9/12 Project 's Eric Wilson estimated that it would have taken 5,000 pages to respond . Eventually , the IRS granted granted this group tax-exempt status -- after well over a year . We wanted to find out why they had to wait . We wanted to find out what groups , and how many , might have been victims of political discrimination . We wanted to ask for an independent authority to investigate and seek criminal charges against those who were involved in targeting Americans for their political views . We wanted to determine if the White House was aware and failed to take action . This is not about Republican vs. Democrat or conservative vs. liberal . It is about arrogant and unrestrained government vs. the rule of law . Imagine if the IRS had targeted liberal or progressive groups under the Bush administration . The First Amendment can not be renegotiated depending on which party holds power . The power to tax is the power to destroy . These allegations concerning the IRS remind us yet again of the inherently destructive nature of leviathan . With Obamacare adding staff and hundreds of millions to the budget of the IRS , the new and intrusive powers granted to our nation 's revenue collection service were worrisome enough . We should use this recent abuse of power as an opportunity to rein them in . Each congressman and senator , and even the president , took an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution . It is now upon us to determine if the IRS intentionally trampled the First Amendment rights of Americans who dared to dissent . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rand Paul .	Rand Paul : Forcing out acting IRS commissioner is n't a sufficient remedy to scandal By political targeting , IRS endangered the heart of U.S. democracy , he says Paul : It 's not about GOP vs. Dems but unrestrained government vs. individual rights
CNN  -- A nurse 's aide in Spain catches Ebola ; her dog is taken away and put to death . A nurse in Texas catches Ebola ; her dog is fed , taken away and put into quarantine . The stark difference in treatment illustrates the lack of solid protocol on what to do with Ebola victims ' pets -- and highlights what little is known about the risk . Why are we even talking about this ? Focusing on the cases of two dogs can seem trivial compared to the 4,000 people in West Africa who have died from Ebola this year . But CNN 's Anderson Cooper notes that concern about animals can have a broader impact on human health . "  We 've seen this in disasters before , people not wanting to leave their homes because they could n't bring their animals to a shelter , " he said . "  The fear among health care workers and CDC officials and others is that if people are afraid that their dogs are going to be killed , they might not come forward if they 're starting to show some symptoms . " So , can pets get or spread Ebola ? "  At this time , there have been no reports of dogs or cats becoming sick with Ebola or of being able to spread Ebola to people or other animals , " the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says . Some studies have shown that dogs may experience asymptomatic Ebola infections , the CDC says -- meaning they may have the virus but do n't get sick . Also , the agency says , human infections have n't been linked to dogs . "  The risk activities that lead to human infections are direct contact with infected human body fluids , or through bats or consumption of infected wild meat . " But it 's not yet clear whether a pet 's body , paws or fur can pick up and spread Ebola to people or other animals . Biology professor David Sanders said some animals , like fruit bats , can carry the virus without showing any symptoms and could infect others . "  The concept that viruses in animals can be transmitted to humans and can have potential harmful consequences , that 's obvious , " said Sanders who teaches at Purdue University . "  So infected animals that are not showing signs of infection can potentially be capable of transferring virus to humans . " Do we really need to worry about pets getting Ebola ? Not at all , said Dr. William Schaffner , chair of preventative medicine at Vanderbilt University . "  It is not a danger . We 're not concerned , " Schaffner told CNN 's State of the Union with Candy Crowley . "  We know that this virus can circulate in animals , but pets have not been a feature of Ebola spread , whether in Africa and certainly not here in the developed world , " he said . "  We all thought that the attention in Spain to the dog of the person who was ill was ill-advised and was a distraction . " So why did the dog in Spain have to die ? More than 400,000 people signed an online petition asking Spanish authorities to spare the life of Excalibur , the dog of nursing aide Teresa Romero Ramos . Romero is in critical condition after helping treat an infected Spanish missionary . But Madrid health authorities insisted they had to euthanize Excalibur in case the canine had Ebola . Critics said the dog should have been quarantined , just like Romero 's husband has been . What about the nurse 's dog in Texas ? Bentley , the dog belonging to infected Texas nurse Nina Pham , is now safe with Dallas Animal Services and Adoption Center and was taken Tuesday to Hensley Field , a decommissioned Naval Air base that 's now owned by the city . He 'll be monitored at the former military complex where he 's been given bedding and toys to keep him comfortable . "  Bentley is in a safe place , away from hoomes , apartments and other animals , " the City of Dallas said .	CDC : There have been no reports of pets getting sick with Ebola or spreading it But some studies have shown dogs can have the virus , but not be sick from it An Ebola patient 's dog in Dallas is quarantined after a patient 's dog in Spain was euthanized "  The problem is we have n't really studied the progress of Ebola in dogs , " a professor says
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal remains on course for a record seventh French Open title after he dismissed the challenge of fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro to notch up his 50th Roland Garros victory . The world No. 2 triumphed 7-6 6-2 6-3 over the 12th seed as he goes in search of the 11th grand slam title in his illustrious career . Standing between Nadal and a seventh Paris final is another Spaniard , David Ferrer , after the No. 6 seed beat Britain 's Andy Murray 6-4 6-7 6-3 6-2 . The former world No. 1 has lost only once at the French Open since making his debut as an 18-year-old in 2005 . He is yet to lose a set in this year 's tournament . "  It was a tough one , but I am through and I am very happy , " Nadal told the ATP Tour 's official website . "  You can not expect to win an easy match in the quarterfinals of a grand slam . On his semi-final against Ferrer , Nadal added : "  We played each other a lot of times . His game bothers everybody because he 's one of the best players in the world on every surface -- on clay especially . "  He 's a complete player . It 's very difficult to play against him , because his movement is probably the best in the world and he 's able to hit the ball very early a lot of the time . " Should Nadal secure his seventh title he will go one better than legendary Swede Bjorn Borg , who has six . He will also match Bjorg 's record of 11 career grand slam titles . Murray , who said he was satisfied with his performance in the tournament despite going out to a player seeded two places below him , said Nadal is the favorite to win . He told reporters : "  I think the four best clay court players in the world are left in and whoever plays best will win . Probably have to favor Rafa slightly , but everyone is playing very , very well . " Ferrer 's victory ensured he made the final four of the French Open for the first time in his career , a surprise statistic for someone who is renowned as a clay court specialist . He said his four-set win over Murray was grueling , but good preparation for his showdown with Nadal , who he labeled the best player on clay ever . "  Tonight 's match was very hard , physically very difficult , " he said . "  But I am happy to be in the semifinals at Roland Garros for the first time . "  It will be a tough match against Rafa , he 's the best in history on this surface , but I hope to have a good match . " Murray 's disappointment was evident on court , as he made 59 unforced errors during the match and seemed to be troubled by a series of injuries . "  He had his chances and converted them , " he said of Ferrer . "  He 's solid and consistent and if you do n't convert opportunities against him , the games become longer and the pressure builds on you . "  But it was a good tournament for me . I felt better coming in this year than I did last year . I lost to a better clay court player tonight . There are things to work on but I knew it would be a tough match . " Thursday sees the first semifinal , between world No. 1 Novak Djokovic and 16-time grand slam champion Roger Federer , take place .	Rafael Nadal remains on course for a seventh French Open title after beating Nicolas Almagro World No. 2 defeats fellow Spaniard 7-6 6-2 6-3 to set up semifinal clash with David Ferrer Ferrer , also from Spain , defeats British No. 4 seed Andy Murray 6-4 6-7 6-3 6-2 The other semifinal will be contested by world No. 1 Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Editor 's note : Watch The Screening Room March show at the following times : Saturday 28 March : 0730 , 1800 , Sunday 29 March : 0530 , 1830 , Monday 30 March : 0400  all times GMT Buzz around the release of DreamWorks ' latest animated feature , "  Monsters vs. Aliens , " will add new momentum to the drive towards a fully-3D movie industry . DreamWorks Animation 's 3D movie , "  Monsters vs. Aliens " should give Hollywood 's new medium of choice a welcome boost in tough economic times . It is a welcome boost to the 3D schedule : The introduction of special screens and digital projectors into cinemas across the world has slowed in the last six months along with the economy . Instead of the 5,000 3D screens expected to roll out , the figure is closer to 2,000 , as the cost of installing new technology during the downturn causes pause for thought . The release of "  Monsters vs. Aliens , " along with the recent announcement that Pixar 3D animation , "  Up " will open the prestigious Cannes Film Festival in May , should give Hollywood 's new medium of choice a lift . "  Monsters vs. Aliens , " which U.S. movie industry bible , Variety describes as " ` Monsters , Inc. ' Meets ` War of the Worlds ' " features a fight between a collection of well-loved movie monsters  think 1950s B-movie characters like a 50 ft woman , a friendly amorphous blob , and a genius cockroach scientist  and alien invaders who want to take over Earth . The brains behind the feature -- which has an all-star cast including Reese Witherspoon and Kiefer Sutherland -- are Rob Letterman , the writer-director of Will Smith animated pic , "  Shark Tale " and Conrad Vernon , the director of "  Shrek 2 . " The film is one of a number of 3D films , like James Cameron 's sci-fi "  Avatar , " already in production that are slated for 2009 and 2010 release . Of course , 3D is not new : Films like "  The Creature from the Black Lagoon " and "  It Came from Outer Space " first emerged during the affluent years of the 1950s , but because 3D was quite gimmicky the medium fell into decline and exhibitors turned their attention to other technologies . "  Monsters vs. Aliens " is one of the new breed of 3D movies , projected digitally and very immersive for audiences , that Hollywood is hoping will lure paying audiences out of the comfort of their living rooms and back into cinemas . "  Hollywood is throwing themselves into 3D like never before , " said Nick De Semlyen , critic for British movie magazine , Empire . "  All the big directors from Spielberg to Peter Jackson from ` Lord of the Rings , ' they are making 3D films and it 's looking like pretty much every big film is going to be in 3D in the next couple years ... It 's a huge thing , it 's a revolution . " Do you think 3D will be a movie revolution or is it all hype . Tell us below in the SoundOff box . "  Monsters vs. Aliens " is the first film that DreamWorks Animation , the Hollywood giant behind movies like the "  Shrek " franchise , "  Madagascar " and last year 's "  Kung Fu Panda , " has designed from scratch as a purely 3D movie . Dennis Laws is Chief Projectionist at the BFI IMAX , which is home to the UK 's biggest cinema screen and also has 3D capability . He told CNN , "  It 's the first film from DreamWorks that was designed from the very beginning to be in 3D and DreamWorks are very proud of the fact . " DreamWorks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg is probably 3D 's most devoted advocate . He has said that the medium 's introduction may be as significant to the movies as sound , and that all DreamWorks animations will be made in 3D from now on . "  Mr Katzenberg was so articulate in explaining what he wanted to do , and it was very different than anything that I had ever heard of before , which was 3-D used as a gimmick in a film , " Keifer Sutherland told CNN at the UK premiere of "  Monsters vs. Aliens . " Watch Kiefer Sutherland talking about "  Monsters vs. Aliens " "  He actually wanted to envelope the audience in the movie and make you feel like you were part of the scene . "  That not only knocks down the fourth wall between the movie and the audience but it also furthers telling the story . " With commercial 3D still in its infancy , all eyes are on each new release to take in the advances in the technology , which is moving forward very quickly . "  The technology is growing really fast , " De Semlyen told CNN , "  It 's very exciting . " Mairi Mackay contributed to this story .	Buzz around "  Monsters vs. Aliens " adds new momentum to drive for fully 3D industry Economic slowdown affected introduction of 3D screens and projectors in cinemas Other 3D films , like James Cameron 's sci-fi "  Avatar , " slated for 2009 release British film critic , Nick De Semlyen on 3D : "  It 's a revolution "
CNN  -- Attorneys for one of the victims Jerry Sandusky was convicted of abusing have released two voice mails that they say the former coach left on their client 's phone just prior to his 2011 arrest -- potential fodder for a civil lawsuit they now plan to file against Penn State and others . The recordings are allegedly among "  numerous voice mails " unearthed during an investigation , and were left on the phone of a person identified as Victim 2 , attorneys with the firm Ross Feller Casey said in a statement Thursday . CNN can not independently verify the recordings after listening to them posted on the attorneys ' website . The group would not elaborate on how many voice mails were uncovered . Penn State board member resigns over Sandusky scandal They are dated September 12 and September 19 , 2011 , less than two months before Sandusky was arrested on sex abuse charges . Both messages end with the words "  love you " to the victim . In a message dated September 19 , the former coach apparently says he 's "  just calling to see -- you know -- whether you had any interest in going to the Penn State game this Saturday . " "  As these messages indicate , Sandusky was attempting to exert control over our client even as his arrest for child sexual abuse became imminent , " the statement said . In 2001 , then-graduate assistant Mike McQueary testified that he told his university superiors he saw Sandusky abusing Victim 2 , then a minor , in a Penn State shower room . The firm also announced Thursday that it intends to file a civil lawsuit against "  Penn State University and others and to hold them accountable for the egregious and reckless conduct that facilitated the horrific abuse our client suffered . " Penn State insurer seeks to deny coverage Penn State spokesman David La Torre responded to the announcement Thursday by saying the school "  takes these cases very seriously , but can not otherwise comment on pending litigation . " "  President Erickson and the Board of Trustees have publicly emphasized that their goal is to find solutions that rest on the principle of justice for the victims , " he said . Karl Rominger , Sandusky 's attorney , said that the defense had expected "  people coming out of the woodwork with accusations . " "  Victim 2 's identity was known to the defense and the prosecution prior to trial and the statements that the individual gave to an FBI trained investigator who worked for the defense team contradicted what he 's now claiming , " he said . "  We had already talked to Victim 2 , which we mentioned at the presser at the preliminary hearing , and he told  defense attorney  Joe Amendola that nothing had happened . " Sandusky , who has maintained his innocence , was convicted in June for abusing young boys over a 15-year-period . The Ross Feller Casey firm currently represents other Sandusky abuse victims , including Victim 3 , Victim 7 and Victim 10 . Opinion : Was the NCAA too quick to punish Penn State ? Ousted Penn State president blasts report , says he was abused as a child Penn State hit with $ 60 million fine CNN 's Laura Dolan contributed to this report .	NEW : Sandusky attorney said defense expected "  people coming out of the woodwork " 2 voice mails allegedly are among "  numerous voice mails " unearthed in investigation The firm would not elaborate how many voice mails were uncovered Both messages end with the words "  love you " to the victim
Rome  CNN  -- After months of political uncertainty and economic crisis , the lower house of Italy 's parliament gave Prime Minister Enrico Letta 's new government a vote confidence on Monday . Letta received support from lawmakers in a 453-153 lower house vote . Lawmakers in the upper house , the Senate , are scheduled to vote on Tuesday . Letta was sworn in on Sunday -- the same day a gunman shot and wounded two national police officers outside the prime minister 's office . But Letta was being sworn in at the presidential palace a short distance away and was not present at the time of the shooting , state-run news agency ANSA said . Italy has been hampered by political uncertainty since February , when elections left none of the candidates with enough support to form a government . Letta , a center-left politician , has 18 ministers -- two of whom are members of the center-right People of Freedom Party led by three-time Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . Nearly all the others are members of Letta 's Democratic Party or people close to it . Letta said last week that the most important priority is tackling the country 's 11.6 % unemployment rate , which has pushed many young Italians to leave the country . The second most pressing issue facing Italy is the need for political reform , he said . Constitutional changes are needed to reduce the number of members of parliament and fix an electoral system that has kept the country locked in a political stalemate it ca n't afford , he said . "  We need to do this together with the largest participation possible , " he said . He also said the European Union 's policy of austerity needs to change .	NEW : In a confidence vote , Italy 's lower house confirms the new prime minister 's government Enrico Letta was sworn in Sunday , the same day a gunman shot officers outside his office Letta has said unemployment and political reform are top priorities Italy has an 11.6 % unemployment rate
Tongchang-ri , North Korea  CNN  -- As North Korea presses forward with a controversial rocket launch , journalists were granted a rare glimpse Sunday of the reclusive country 's preparations . CNN was part of a group taken to the Sohae Satellite Launching Station in Tongchang-ri , in the northwest part of the country . North Korea announced last month that it would launch a rocket carrying a satellite between April 12 and 16 to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder of the Communist state . His birthday on April 15 , known as the "  Day of the Sun , " is a key public holiday in the North Korean calendar . Pyongyang says the operation is for peaceful purposes , but Japan , the United States and South Korea see the launch as a cover for a long-range ballistic missile test . Firing the long-range rocket would breach U.N. Security Council resolutions , and Washington has suspended a recent deal to provide food aid to North Korea as a result . Japan has said it will shoot down any part of the rocket that enters its territory . "  If you look for yourselves with your own eyes , then you can judge whether it 's a ballistic missile , or whether it 's a launch vehicle to put a satellite into orbit , " Jang Myong Jin , head of the launch site , said through a translator . "  That 's why we 've invited you to this launch site . " Journalists -- who were not allowed to take laptops or cell phones to the site , but were permitted to film -- were shown the control center and the satellite that officials said would be shot into space . The rocket itself is 30 meters , or about 100 feet , long . It was white , with some red and blue paint . International leaders have urged North Korea to cancel the launch , but Pyongyang has refused to back down , insisting that the operation is for scientific purposes . The last time Pyongyang carried out what it described as a satellite launch , in April 2009 , the U.N. Security Council condemned the action and demanded that it not be repeated . An independent European analyst who visited the launch site said he saw nothing obvious that raised red flags . "  I do n't know what they want to do in the future , but today what we see is a space launcher , " said Christian Lardier .	North Korea says it plans to launch a rocket carrying a satellite this month Other countries say the move is a cover for a ballistic missile test Journalists are granted rare access at the Sohae Satellite Launching Station
CNN  -- Teta Isibo had always had a flair for design but she did n't realize she could make a career out of it until the time she asked an artisan to craft a pair of earrings she 'd drawn . "  My friends all loved them , " recalls the Rwandan designer . "  So friends started placing orders , and then friends of friends -- so it 's gradually evolved through the years from a hobby to an actual full time business . " That business is Inzuki Designs , the startup Isibo launched in 2010 after deciding to quit her land management job to embark on her entrepreneurial journey . Fusing traditional craftsmanship with contemporary bold designs , the Africa-inspired fashion brand quickly had people buzzing . "  Inzuki means bees , " says Isibo , explaining the inspiration behind the company 's name . "  It 's an attitude , like a sweet but fierce attitude ; the way bees give honey so they have that sweet aspect , but then you ca n't really mess with them because they would sting you . " Read this : Luxury shoes put sparkle in your step What started with one pair of earrings has now become a growing business that specializes in handmade jewelry , accessories and interior dÃ © cor . Its colorful and vibrant products are made with local raw materials by various cooperatives in and around the Rwandan capital of Kigali . "  Rwanda has so much potential in terms of the traditional craftsmanship skills , in terms of the raw materials you can find here , " says the young entrepreneur , "  but I felt that we were n't really living up to that potential . "  Everything you 'd find on the market was ... very touristy stuff and I wanted to create something that Rwandans as well would love to wear , -LSB- something they -RSB- would love to say ` this was made in Rwanda . ' " Check out the video below to find out more about Inzuki Designs and click through the gallery above to see some of Isibo 's creations . More from African Start-Up Read this : Luxury shoes put sparkle in your step	Rwandan entrepreneur Teta Isibo is the owner of Inzuki Designs The fashion brand specializes in handmade jewelry , accessories and interior decor Its locally-source products fuse traditional craftsmanship and contemporary style
CNN  -- At least 36 people were killed in a stampede at a stadium in Mali after a speech by a prominent imam , the British Embassy in the country said Tuesday . The stampede at the Modibo Keita stadium took place Monday afternoon as the crowd was leaving the facility , said Mohamed Ba , a consular at the embassy . Another 64 people were wounded , he said . The crowd had come to hear Imam Osman Madani Haidara speak . "  The stadium seats 25,000 and it was absolutely full , as it is every time Imam Osman Madani Haidara gives a sermon , " Ba said .	NEW : The 25,000-seat stadium was packed , Ba says The crowd had come to hear a prominent imam speak 64 others are hurt , an official says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese police have arrested nearly 1,000 suspected members of a banned religious group , state media reported . The arrests come months after five members of the group , known as the Church of Almighty God or "  Quannengshen " , were charged with the brutal killing in May of a woman in a McDonald 's restaurant while they were allegedly trying to recruit her . A report by state news agency Xinhua said that the group , which Beijing regards as a dangerous doomsday cult , cheated people , illegally collected money and "  violated the law under the guise of religion . " "  A series of acts by its members have harmed people 's lives and property , and disrupted social stability , " Xinhua said . The report added that members of the cult , also known as "  Eastern Lightning , " were responsible for "  numerous " suicides and murders , including those of their own family . Among those arrested were nearly 100 "  backbone members " , Xinhua said . IN DEPTH : ` Eastern Lightning ' : The banned religious group that has China worried In May , a 37-year-old woman was beaten to death in the fast food outlet in the eastern province of Shandong . The case triggered a wave of revulsion toward the group on Chinese social media . "  She was a demon , " one of the suspects , Zhang Lidong , said in television interview following his arrest . "  She was an evil spirit . " Five adults have been charged with murder , and their trial begins on Thursday , Xinhua said . The group has been on a list of 14 banned religious groups issued by China 's Ministry of Public Security since 1995 . According to Chinese media reports , it has been responsible for a spate of robberies , assaults and kidnappings . In 2012 , hundreds of members were rounded up after the group publicly proclaimed the end of the world was imminent . In a statement provided to CNN in June , members of the group responsible for its English-language website said it was "  very natural " for the Chinese Communist Party to blame the group for the McDonald 's death because the Party slandered and then suppressed those that disagreed with it . "  They always find some excuse in advance and fabricate things and slander them , " said the statement . Founded in the 1990s in central China , the group believes that Jesus has been reincarnated as Yang Xiangbin , the wife of the group 's founder , Zhao Weishan . The couple fled to the United States in 2000 , Xinhua reported .	Almost 1,000 members of a banned religious group arrested in China State media says group responsible for suicides and murders Arrests come after five members charged with brutal killing in McDonald 's restaurant Church of Almighty God believes Christ reincarnated as Chinese woman
CNN  -- Lionel Messi continued his remarkable season with yet another goal as unbeaten Barcelona secured an 11-point lead at the halfway stage of the Spanish league season on Sunday . The Argentine , who won his fourth world player of the year award last week , scored once and was involved in both other goals as Barca won 3-1 at sixth-placed Malaga for a record 18th victory from 19 rounds . It surpassed the previous leading halfway mark of 52 points that Barca recorded in winning the 2010-11 title . While Atletico Madrid kept pace with a 2-0 win at home to Real Zaragoza on Sunday , third-placed champions Real Madrid now trail by 18 points following Saturday 's 0-0 draw with bottom club Osasuna . Messi was an unused substitute in Thursday 's Spanish Cup win over Cordoba , but he returned to action at La Rosaleda along with cancer-stricken coach Tito Vilanova . "  We 're very happy to get 55 out of 57 points , but logically it will be difficult to repeat that with the Champions League and the Spanish Cup to think about as well , " Vilanova told reporters . "  We have to go to Atletico and we have to go to Real Madrid so we ca n't just stop now , we have to keep going . " While Real sorely missed the suspended Cristiano Ronaldo in Pamplona , Messi underlined his value to the Catalans -- who were without injured striker David Villa . He broke the deadlock in the 27th minute , pouncing on a poor backpass by Ignacio Camacho before cutting back inside the keeper and slotting home his 28th league goal in 19 matches and 37th overall this season . Five minutes after the halftime break Messi delivered a beautiful pass over the Malaga defense -- which has conceded the fewest goals of any of La Liga 's 20 clubs this season -- for Cesc Fabregas to apply a calm finish past Willy Caballero . Young midfielder Thiago Alcantara made it 3-0 with 10 minutes to go after cutting in from the right , playing a simple one-two with Messi and driving a low left-foot shot into the net . Malaga , like Barcelona playing in the last 16 of the European Champions League next month , hit back with a superb late consolation free-kick by Diego Buonanotte that his compatriot Messi would have been proud to call his own . Messi , who scored a world record 91 goals in 2012 , is now 10 clear of Atletico 's Radamel Falcao in the La Liga scoring charts . The Colombia striker netted a first-half penalty against Zaragoza to be two ahead of Ronaldo , who has 16 . Midfielder Tiago opened the scoring as Atletico made it 10 wins from 10 home games . Real Betis moved up to fourth place with a 2-0 win at home to Levante , as Ruben Castro netted his 11th league goal this season after an opener from on-loan Costa Rica international Joel Campbell . Deportivo La Coruna drew 1-1 at mid-table Real Sociedad to mean Osasuna 's move from the bottom of the table was a brief one . In Italy , Juventus gave hope to Serie A 's title hopefuls after dropping points in the 1-1 draw at Parma on Sunday . The champions went ahead in the 52nd minute thanks to an own-goal by Jonathan Biabiany , but midtable Parma hit back with 13 minutes to play through Sergio Floccari . Second-placed Lazio closed the gap to three points with a 2-0 win at home to Atalanta , while Napoli reclaimed third from Inter Milan with a 3-0 win over Palermo . Seventh-placed AC Milan could only draw 0-0 at Sampdoria .	Barcelona unbeaten at halfway stage of La Liga season after 3-1 win at Malaga World player of the year Lionel Messi nets his 37th goal of the campaign Second-placed Atletico Madrid stay 11 points behind after beating Zaragoza 2-0 Italian champions Juventus drop points to see Serie A lead cut to three points
CNN  -- The lack of definitive information about the fate of Malaysia Flight 370 has baffled and riveted expert and average person alike . Even the promise of Chinese satellite images capturing the location of crash debris turned out to be false , as Malaysian authorities said a search of the area found nothing . Amid the muddle of speculation , possibilities and blind alleys , are there logical explanations in this mysterious disappearance ? The short answer is yes . But what , of what we know so far , makes sense exactly ? First , the focus on the airplane 's transponders , the device that transmits a discreet signal to Air Traffic Control  ATC  radars , might be misguided . The 777 has two transponders . A failure of one would send a caution message visible to the crew . They would then select the alternate transponder with barely a second thought . A double failure ? Not likely , unless there was a serious electronic systems failure  more on that later  . The only other plausible explanation would have been that the crew moved the knob to the off position . No professional flight crew would knowingly turn off a transponder in flight . It is also possible the airplane flew out of ATC radar range by navigational error . Or as part of its assigned route , Malaysia 370 might have participated in a well-defined procedure for nonradar environments . Opinion : Conspiracy theories build around disappearance The North Atlantic track system between North America and Europe is a good example of an area where such a procedure would be used . Airplanes entering the tracks are required to fly at assigned altitudes and air speeds , separated laterally and vertically . Pilots verbally report set latitude and longitude positions on their cleared flight plans to a ground-based service called AIRINC . The nonradar traffic picture is calculated by a computer , based on these position reports . In an airplane as sophisticated as a 777 , the on-board computer can generate these reports automatically without verbal communication from the pilots . It is possible that on a portion of Malaysia 370 's route , this procedure may have been utilized . If the airplane deviated from its assigned route because of an emergency , no problem would be indicated until the next reporting point because of the lack of ATC radar coverage . The crew would have to communicate the problem to the ground-based facility . The 777 is one of the most advanced electronic airplanes built . Data is constantly being processed and transmitted to regulate internal systems , from flight controls to fuel systems and hundreds more . Much of this data is being transmitted automatically to the airline . This data is used for dispatch computations and maintenance , among other uses . Only a very rare major electrical and electronic failure would prevent this information from being transmitted . Information regarding altitude , airspeed and heading is always available . Any irregularities in just these parameters alone would indicate a problem . Was the airplane descending rapidly ? Did the heading change indicate a course reversal ? Did the airspeed increase indicate a dive ? It 's possible Malaysia Airlines experienced a malfunction in the receiving system -- doubtful , but it would help if the airline made that information available . For argument 's sake , let 's say a major mechanical failure occurred . The crew might have been preoccupied with a serious problem as they progressed through the appropriate electronic checklist . A mayday call might not have been first on their agenda . All pilots are taught to "  aviate , navigate and communicate , " in that order . Could the mechanical problem have been serious enough for the crew to have lost control of the airplane before a distress signal was sent ? Opinion : How did stolen passports get through ? Although remote , consider the possibility of a fuel tank explosion . For the flight time to Beijing , the center tank would most likely have been empty except for residual fuel as a matter of 777 procedure . The main wing tanks would have sufficient fuel for the trip . Could a short that caused a spark within a fuel boost pump have ignited the trapped vapor within the center tank ? The National Transportation Safety Board attributes the explosion of TWA Flight 800 off Long Island in 1996 to this cause . That accident involved a 747 and not a 777 . Boeing recommended both a mechanical and procedural modification for the potential , but not totally verified , problem for many Boeing airplanes . Airlines began the modifications within two years after the investigation was complete . Did Malaysia Airlines comply with the modification ? Now that the Chinese satellite image led nowhere , perhaps the rather chaotic search should be conducted over land . A different route may have been chosen if the crew had actually made the decision to return or divert elsewhere . Regardless , a debris field will be found . And if the airplane just fell out of the sky , it did n't happen as a result of only one factor . All accidents involve multiple factors . Let 's keep the speculation in perspective . The accident investigation process can be tedious , if not arduous . But the process is well-organized , especially in the United States ; the NTSB 's participation will be of tremendous assistance . Airplanes do n't just disappear . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Les Abend .	Les Abend : The lack of information regarding the fate of Malaysia 370 is baffling Abend : Although remote , consider the possibility of a fuel tank explosion He says no debris field has been located in the ocean , time to search land Abend : If the airplane just fell out of the sky , it did n't happen as a result of only one factor
CNN  -- Susan Blake writes her son Joseph all the time . "  I send him e-mails , " she says , "  keeping him updated on what 's going on . " Each e-mail goes unanswered . All she can do is hope that he sees them . It 's how she copes with one of the most unsettling and baffling missing persons cases in recent years : the mystery of the McStay family . Next week marks the third anniversary of the disappearance of Joseph McStay , 43 ; his wife , Summer , 46 ; and their two young children , Gianni , 7 , and Joseph Mateo , who would be 6 this month . February 4 , 2010 was the last day anyone saw the family or heard from them . When police entered their Southern California house more than 10 days later , they found eggs on the kitchen counter and bowls of popcorn in the living room . Their two dogs were also in the home . But not a single trace of the McStays . 2010 : California police search for missing family Did they voluntarily leave ? Are they in Mexico ? Are they in danger ? Are they dead ? Despite hundreds of tips and several high-profile television reports and interviews , no one has a clue . "  This is definitely an unusual case , " says Lt. Glenn Giannantonio of the San Diego Sheriff 's Department 's homicide division "  At this point we are no closer to finding them than on the day they disappeared . I know that sounds horrible , but we just do n't know what happened to them . " The sentiment is shared by Dennis Brugos , who led the sheriff 's department investigation into the McStays ' disappearance before retiring last year . "  Nothing makes any kind of rational sense that you can put together , " Brugos says . The McStays lived on a cul-de-sac in Fallbrook . Described on its website as the "  friendly village , " Fallbrook is about 18 miles from the Pacific Coast and some 50 miles north of San Diego . Joseph McStay owned Earth Inspired Products , a company that built custom water features for high-end commercial businesses around the world , says Mike McStay , his younger brother . Summer stayed home to raise the children , but according to Mike was planning on getting back to work . The family 's locked and abandoned Isuzu Trooper was located February 8 , 2010 , in San Ysidro , just two blocks from the border . Surveillance video taken that night shows a family fitting the description of the McStays walking into Mexico . "  If you look at the clothing that they were wearing at the time , it coincides with when the vehicle was found ; it leads you to believe that that was them crossing the border , " Brugos says . "  I ca n't say definitively it 's them , but it 's a high probability . " Giannantonio agrees . "  We do believe the family on the tape going into Mexico is that of the McStays , " he says . But Joseph 's mother is n't convinced . "  My son 's meds were in that car , " she tells CNN . "  My son has asthma and does n't go anywhere without the meds on him . And to have babies go without car seats . This is the stuff that does n't add up . " Mike McStay says he is not sure if the family is on the video . "  The best is that the children appear to be size appropriate , but I could never get an ID off the adult . Even if it were them crossing , we still do n't know to what intent . We do n't know if it was under duress or willingly . " However , he says he believes someone has an answer . "  How does somebody not see them ? " he wonders . "  They have to go get groceries , get the basic necessities of life ; they have to have a way to generate an income . There has to be something . "  My brother is out there . I want what everyone wants , a phone call , a letter , something . I do n't want to know why he left . We just have to know that they are OK . " Mike McStay is familiar with the theories speculating on what might have happened , including one presented in the new book , "  No Goodbyes : The Mysterious Disappearance of the McStay Family . " Author Rick Baker says his own investigation , including reviewing hundreds of personal e-mails , shows that Summer and Joseph were having problems and that their relationship was , in his words , about to "  explode . " Baker speculates , among other things , that at least one of the family members may have met with foul play . Mike McStay bristles when asked to comment on Baker 's suggestion . "  I do n't know how he sleeps at night , " McStay says of the author . "  I suspect he 's looking for money . He 's a good manipulator and knows how to twist things . He 's just trying to sell books . " Blake , the mother , says there were many inaccuracies in the book . "  It was very hard to read all this , very heartbreaking , the accusations . " She says , "  The bottom line for me is this book will bring focus to finding the family , sad to say . " Giannantonio cautions there is no evidence of any criminal activity . "  Everything leads us to believe the disappearance is voluntary . It 's still categorized as a missing persons case , " he says . "  We have to rely on facts and evidence . We do n't want to publicize unsubstantiated theories . Everyone has theories , however we ca n't come out and say this is what actually happened unless we have something to back that up . Other people can , but that 's not the business we are in . " Brugos says he thinks anything is possible . "  If you are staying together as a group , as a family of four , it 's probably a little more difficult . If you want the kids to go to school , questions are asked , and with the Internet everybody is an amateur detective . " Mike and his mother get reported sightings of the McStays on a regular basis . They come from all over the country . Mike , who says he chases them all down , recently received a tip from Belize , where his brother owned property . "  Every time one comes your heart pumps and you hope to God that this is it , " Blake says , "  and when it 's not you fall apart . It 's heartbreaking and very hard . " She is n't giving up . Neither is Mike , though both are mindful that ultimately the truth could be devastating . "  Until my dying day I will try to resolve this thing . I have to know where my brother and my family are , " Mike says . "  I 'm going to have to stick with this for the rest of my life . Until we have closure . So that we can have some peace . I know all of us need peace . " Blake says the search for her family is the biggest fight of her life . "  I refuse to give up . I hope to God , but at the same time it 's been three years . "  How can a family of four just disappear ? "	McStay family went missing nearly three years ago Surveillance video shows four people of similar size crossing into Mexico Relatives dispute author 's claim that wife was involved in disappearance
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Coalition forces in Afghanistan have killed the Taliban insurgents responsible for the downing of a helicopter that left 38 U.S. and Afghan personnel dead , the commander of U.S. forces there and NATO announced Wednesday . A precision airstrike killed Mullah Mohibullah -- a Taliban leader -- and the insurgent who fired what 's believed to be the rocket-propelled grenade that brought down the helicopter , according to Gen. John Allen , the commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan . Several of their Taliban associates were also killed , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . "  This does not ease our loss , but we must and we will continue to relentlessly pursue the enemy , " Allen told Pentagon reporters assembled for a video news conference Wednesday . The strike took place in Chak district , Wardak province , on Monday , the ISAF said . A Taliban spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment . Wardak provincial spokesman Shahidullah Shahid also could not be reached for comment . The attack on the helicopter Saturday represented the worst single-incident loss of American life since the start of the Afghan war . Thirty Americans died in the crash , military officials said . The other victims were Afghan personnel . The Pentagon will put the Navy SEAL death toll in the helicopter downing at 17 , according to two Defense Department officials . Originally , Pentagon sources told the news media that 22 SEALs were killed . Mohibullah was a key facilitator in an insurgent attack cell led by Din Mohammad , a Taliban leader killed in a previous Special Operations mission , Allen said . Mohibullah had as many as 12 Taliban fighters under his command , including potential suicide bombers . "  After an exhaustive manhunt , Special Operations forces located Mullah Mohibullah and the shooter after receiving multiple intelligence leads and tips from local citizens , " the ISAF statement said . "  The two men were attempting to flee the country in order to avoid capture . " ISAF troops found and followed the two into a wooded area and , after ensuring no civilians were around , called for the airstrike , the statement said . Allen said the aircraft involved in the strike announced by NATO was the F-16 , but he did n't say how many . Allen said the strike did n't kill the Taliban leader that U.S. forces were hunting the night of the fatal attack , but he confirmed that Mohibullah was killed in the F-16 strike announced Wednesday . The remains of all 38 of those killed in Saturday 's incident arrived at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware on Tuesday for a "  dignified transfer . " Because the catastrophic nature of the crash made the remains difficult to identify , all were brought to the United States . The Air Force Mortuary Affairs Office explained that a "  dignified transfer " is not a ceremony , but rather "  the process by which , upon the return from the theater of operations to the United States , the remains of fallen military members are transferred from the aircraft to a waiting vehicle and then to the port mortuary . " Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan said the names , ages , hometowns and military units of the slain Americans will be released within the next 24 hours . He said the public announcement has been delayed for security reasons . The Afghan remains will be returned to their families once identifications can be made , U.S. officials said . CNN 's Joe Sterling , Larry Shaughnessy , Barbara Starr and David Ariosto contributed to this report	The IDs of the 30 U.S. service members killed will be released soon The aircraft used in Monday 's strike was the F-16 , but it 's not clear how many were involved The airstrike killed a Taliban leader and the insurgent who fired on the copter , ISAF says ISAF troops followed them into woods , called for strike ; Taliban associates were also killed
Washington  CNN  -- One day after the fourth case of Ebola was diagnosed in the United States , lawmakers met with administration and public health officials in an already-scheduled congressional hearing to hash out some concerns about the handling of the deadly virus . Here are four concerns raised in the hearing : 1 . Why hire a lawyer ? Ebola czar Ron Klain was invited to attend the hearing , but having started the job just this past week , he did not accept the invitation . In his absence , a few Republicans tweaked President Obama for choosing Klain , a lawyer with managerial experience , over someone with expertise in medicine . "  Why in the world did the president pick a dadgum lawyer ? " Rep. Trey Gowdy , R-South Carolina , asked at the hearing , pointing out that Klain does n't have a background in communicable disease , infectious disease , or West Africa . "  If this were an outbreak of people who do n't have wills in West Africa , or if this were an outbreak on contested elections in West Africa , then I 'd say yeah , go hire Mr. Klain , " Gowdy conintued . "  But it 's not . It 's a medical crisis . " GOP slams Klain pick as Ebola czar Nicole Lurie , a medical doctor and assistant secretary at the Department of Health and Human Services , emphasized that the job entails coordinating the multiple agencies that are dealing with the crisis , and a medical background is n't necessary . Gowdy then challenged her to take notice if the president ever appoints a doctor to the Supreme Court , arguing that it 's unlikely because that person does n't have experience in the law . After their exchange , Democratic Rep. Gerry Connolly of Virginia jokingly chimed in to support the idea of appointing a non-lawyer to the Supreme Court , saying it would be "  the healthiest damn thing we 've had in the last 50 years . " 2 . Longer quarantine time for troops in Africa ? By the end of the year , the U.S. military will have deployed about 3,000 troops to help with humanitarian efforts on the ground in West Africa . Defense officials at the hearing said soldiers will be held for 10 days at the end of their service , isolated from exposure to Ebola . Who is the new Ebola czar ? If they fall into a low-risk category , they 'll then be transferred to the United States to be monitored for another 21 days . But multiple lawmakers at the hearing took issue with bringing the troops back to the U.S. after only 10 days . "  Is there any reason why we would n't just want to use a 21-day waiting period in West Africa before we bring people back to the United States ? " asked Rep. Matt Cartwright , a Democrat from Pennsylvania . Major Gen. James Lariviere , deputy director of political-military affairs in Africa with the Defense Department , said the 21-day monitoring period in the U.S. is a standard procedure recommended by the CDC . And the initial 10-day period in West Africa is an extra buffer of time to make sure soldiers are n't exposed to Ebola before they travel to the U.S. and start the three-week monitoring . Timeline of first Ebola patient in New York City Facing more pushback from Cartwright and others , the Defense officials at the hearing promised to consult with military leaders about extending the 10-day period in Africa to the full 21 days . 3 . Nurses need better materials , training : Deborah Burger , co-president of National Nurses United , spelled out what she believed was a dire need of equipment and better education to protect nurses while treating Ebola patients . According to a survey done by the group of 3,000 nurses at more than 1,000 hospitals in the U.S. , 85 % of nurses say they have n't been adequately trained . Gowns and material worn by nurses in Dallas who treated the first Ebola patient in the U.S. still had their necks and wrists exposed , Burger said . Two of them contracted Ebola . "  This is what happens when guidelines are inefficient and voluntary , " she said , asking that Congress pass legislation or the president issue an executive order that mandates the kind of equipment medical professional should wear . 4 . The CDC should have been more careful : The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention initially said that the U.S. was prepared and ready to prevent the spread of Ebola . But after the two nurses came down with the virus , the organization was forced to admit that it made mistakes and began to issue more caution about the virus . Connolly said he was frustrated with how the CDC tried to educate the public about the Ebola virus , saying you should "  never reassure the public when you do n't know . " "  Never do that because when you do that , you damage your credibility , " he said . Rep. Doug Collins , R-Georgia , argued Americans are tired of hearing officials take extra steps out of "  an abundance of caution " after an Ebola scare . "  The American people need to see the abundance of caution beforehand , " Rep. Collins said . Lurie , the HHS official , said , "  We see that it is a work in progress and what you 're seeing is we 're taking constant steps to adjust as we learn more . "	Ron Klain is President Barack Obama 's ` Ebola czar , ' who started Wednesday The House is holding a hearing on the U.S. response to the Ebola outbreak Rep. Darrell Issa , the committee 's chairman , said Klein declined to attend
CNN  -- Amid the roar of the engines , the screech of the tires and the cacophony of the crowd , they diligently and silently go about their work . In a sport where safety is paramount , if it was n't for them the Formula One circus would come to an abrupt halt . "  I do n't like the word heroes , " Pete Berry , the man in charge of the marshals who will line the track at this weekend 's British Grand Prix , told CNN . "  But when marshals give of their time freely to make motorsport successful , to make sure it 's safe for the drivers , the last thing on your mind is that you may be seriously injured -- or you may not go home . " The role of these volunteer men and women has been put sharply into the focus by the recent death of marshal Mark Robinson , who was killed after falling under a crane in the immediate aftermath of the last race in Canada . Marshaling is a dangerous hobby and feelings among its global community are still raw after the tragedy in Montreal . "  For one of our own to be involved in a fatal accident is truly shocking , " explained Berry , who has been on duty at every British round of the F1 world championship since 1981 . "  Any incident like that , wherever it is in the world , is something we feel personally . "  At the first race meeting that took place at the Silverstone circuit the week after Canada , many of the marshals came in and wanted to do something as a mark of respect . "  We observed a minute 's silence trackside as a sign of unity in memory of our colleague . We all felt it very strongly . " There will be close to 1200 men and women volunteer marshals at Silverstone , the legendary circuit in the heart of England that is the home of the British Grand Prix and which staged the first-ever F1 world championship race in 1950 . Despite the reverberations of the accident in Canada , Berry says it will be business as usual for the marshals as they ensure the world 's fastest cars and drivers race safely . "  I do n't think there is anything procedurally we are going to change , " said Berry . "  We will be extra aware -- but at the end of the day what we do is dangerous . "  Racing drivers understand the consequences of what they 're doing and so do marshals . " There is , of course , one obvious difference between those in the cockpit and those waving flags to communicate messages to the drivers , working in the hum of the pit lane , or waiting trackside for a gap in the traffic before leaping across the barriers to remove a dangerous piece of debris from the circuit -- money . While Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton is F1 's highest earner , reputedly commanding an annual salary of $ 31m with Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso taking home $ 26m , the marshals are unpaid for the work that they do . They do not even receive expenses for spending a long weekend away from home . Instead the British race organizers give them one free guest pass , a commemorative baseball cap , free on-site camping and a voucher towards lunch . The marshals -- many of them fresh from their day jobs -- arrive for "  work " at the British GP at 6am and are on duty for the next 13 hours . Despite the time and expense involved -- not to mention the danger -- Berry argues that if marshals were paid their sense of responsibility would diminish . "  There is no room for people who are there for the money and who do n't give a damn , " he explained . "  When someone steps out from the barriers they are at risk and you want people who are protecting each other 's back , who understand the job and who are n't scared of the equipment . "  People who turn up for money are not going to be the people you can trust your life with . " Marshaling may not be for everyone but for those working in Britain , and at the other 18 grands prix around the world this season , the rewards would seem to outweigh the costs . "  You get very close to the sport , that 's one of the things I love about it , " explained Peter Greenlagh , standing , unruffled by the brisk , British breeze , at the famous sweeping curves of Maggotts and Becketts at Silverstone . "  You 're not just close to the cars , you 're involved with them and you 're making sure these drivers carry on driving safely . "  If something happens it happens very , very quickly -- at about 160 mph . Once you step out from behind the barriers , the adrenalin does start to pump around the body . "  You do think ` This is a dangerous hobby . ' It 's slightly mad ! ' "  But there is a great camaraderie , we have good fun together and we 're all ` expert ' drivers of course ! " Many who try a marshaling taster day and choose to go through the required training quickly find themselves in it for the long-haul . Bob Tripkovic has been volunteering since 1967 and when it comes to watching the generations of F1 drivers climb up the ranks , he has had the best seat in the house -- Silverstone 's only permanent recovery vehicle . "  All the big names have ended up in the back of the truck , " recalled Tripkovic . "  The Sennas -- Ayrton and Bruno -- Alain Prost and Nigel Mansell . I 've brought in grandsons of drivers who had broken down in the Sixties ! "  We meet the drivers at the worst time -LSB- when they have crashed -RSB- but some of them are still very personable . "  I 've done this in a voluntary capacity for years and years and years . I 've hogged this seat for a very long time -- I expect some of the other marshals are waiting for me to retire . " When the F1 world championship began , marshals came from the ranks of various racing clubs . They could not afford to race in grands prix and so chose to still play a part in races by acting as marshals . Today the marshals come to race tracks around the world from all walks of life and without them giving up their free time , whatever the costs , the wheels of Formula One simply could not keep turning . The Silverstone circuit in the UK is always looking for new race marshals for all its race meetings . Those interested should contact the circuit .	F1 returns at the British Grand Prix on 30 June following the death of a marshal in Montreal Marshals are unpaid volunteers who give up their free time to ensure driver and crowd safety There will be close to 1200 marshals at the British race at Silverstone Motor races could not be held without marshals
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Senate agreed Wednesday to soften a "  Buy American " provision in its economic stimulus package , clarifying that the clause will not override existing U.S. trade treaties . The "  Buy American " provision in a proposed stimulus plan has raised the ire of lawmakers and business groups . The so-called "  Buy American " provision in the $ 900 billion stimulus plan would have mandated that only U.S.-made goods be used in projects funded by the bill . Lawmakers who supported the provision said it would help jump-start the economy because it would help American companies . At the same time , however , senators rejected a proposal by Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona to strip the "  Buy American " language completely from the bill . Both moves on Wednesday mean that senators will keep the provision in place while ensuring it respects international treaties . Last week , the House of Representatives passed its own stimulus bill , which ensured that , with some notable exceptions , only U.S.-produced iron and steel be used for construction . The White House and many U.S. trading partners -- including its largest , Canada -- want lawmakers to craft their bills in a way that they do n't run afoul of international trade agreements . They worry that such restrictions would spark a trade war and exacerbate the economic downturn . President Obama "  wants to ensure that any legislation that passes is consistent with trade agreements and does n't signal a change in our overall stance on trade , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said in a briefing Wednesday . The European Commission said last week it might challenge such a move if it were signed into law . Canadian officials , for example , said the exclusion of non-U.S. steel would violate the North American Free Trade Agreement , which lowered trade barriers among the U.S. , Canada and Mexico . Furthermore , many economists and business groups argue that a "  Buy American " provision could backfire , slowing economic growth instead of helping expand the American job market . Watch how "  Buy American " provisions could affect U.S. , global economy " "  It 's not a good time to initiate protectionist measures in any shape or form , " said Kurt Karl , head of economic research at Swiss Re , the world 's largest reinsurer . "  It hurts growth , because if you force one side to go with domestic production only , then that precludes them from getting less expensive materials from overseas . " Thomas Donohue , head of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , added , "  If we refuse to buy foreign-made goods , then our trading partners will refuse to buy from us . And since we are the world 's largest exporter , who will be hurt more ? " Previous efforts have misfired . For instance , from 2001 to 2003 , the Bush administration imposed so-called safeguard tariffs on certain steel products from various countries in an attempt to prevent U.S. steel mills from closing . Foreign steel makers found other markets during that span , namely China and Middle Eastern countries . As a result , when U.S. demand for steel heated up again in 2004 , steel prices skyrocketed by 48 percent in a year , according to the Labor Department . On the other hand , a host of politicians think the "  Buy American " provisions have appropriate safeguards to ensure stimulus spending is not wasted on expensive materials and the U.S. economy does not suffer long-term consequences . For instance , the bills both stipulate that if construction costs would rise by 25 percent or more due to the purchase of American-made materials , contractors could receive a waiver to purchase foreign materials . The bills also allow for a waiver if buying American were not in the best interest of the economy or taxpayers . "  It 's not protectionist -- there are no tariffs or barriers being created , " said a spokesman for Rep. Peter Visclosky , D-Indiana , who introduced the House 's "  Buy American " amendment , which won unanimous support . "  It 's about the U.S. steel industry running at or below 45 percent capacity , and the objective is creating jobs . "	Senate agrees to soften stance on "  Buy American " provision in stimulus plan Clause would mandate U.S.-made goods be used in projects funded by stimulus Critics warn restrictions would spark trade war , extend economic downturn
CNN  -- Painted sky-blue , these small flying machines may look like toy planes but they have South Korea scrambling to secure its airspace . In recent weeks , South Korea 's defense ministry has discovered three crashed unmanned aerial vehicles  UAVs  that it believes belong to Pyongyang . Equipped with Japanese-made digital cameras , the drones captured images of important military installations and South Korea 's presidential office in Seoul , according to local media reports . South Korea says the aircraft are a sign of Pyongyang 's heightened surveillance that should be taken seriously , and yet officials and experts suggest the drones pose little , if any , real threat . "  The small drones , presumed to have come from North Korea , do n't really have great military significance , " a spokesperson for South Korea 's defense ministry , Kim Min-seok told reporters on Tuesday . "  Even if they are to be used for future attacks ,  they  can only carry 2-3 kilograms of TNT and can not cause a huge  amount of  damage , " he said . Unmanned drone crashes on South Korean border island The machines are made of polycarbonate , which is difficult to detect with radar , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . The vehicle , which flies at an average speed of about 110 km per hour at an altitude of 1.3 km , is controlled by a basic transmission system but is n't sophisticated enough to send images instantaneously . "  Even if it is used for reconnaissance with a camera attached , the quality will be no better than information collected by commercial satellites , " said Kim . "  Also , there is a limit to how much it can be utilized in operations because they do n't have  a  real-time transmission function . " Of the three drones , two have turned up images of targets of military significance -- strategically important islands near the Demilitarized Zone , and the Blue House , residence and office of South Korea 's President Park Keun Hye . The data from the third drone , which had been found by a wild ginseng digger , could not be analyzed as its discoverer had wiped the camera 's memory card for his own use , the Korea Times reported . According to James Hardy , the Asia Pacific editor of IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly magazine , this type of UAV can only travel limited distances . "  It has quite a small range , it does n't have very long endurance so it would only be up there for a few hours . You would use those to see what the other guys are doing in a battlefield environment . So it 's very useful in terms of knowing what 's going on behind the next hill , or the next mountain or even over the other side of a wall . " Most armies have unmanned vehicles like these to varying degrees , says Hardy , but they 're not designed to be armed . "  They 're very much closely built off a remote-controlled aircraft that you can buy in a toy store . They 're just a militarized version of that , " Hardy said . 11 North Koreans missing after cargo ship sinks Flying bombs ? North Korea has flaunted similar , larger UAVs at military parades in recent years . These target drones are designed to test how well pilots can shoot at a moving object , or the accuracy of missiles . But it seems the North Koreans have reverse-engineered them with explosives , says Hardy . "  The way in which those have been used or have been modified by some countries is that they put an explosive in the front , so they do turn it into a flying bomb or a flying missile . So it 's got a one-way mission -- you can fly it somewhere and then you can crash it . " Video footage shows North Korean exercises uses them for this purpose , but it 's an expensive way to build a bomb , says Hardy . "  You get one use out of it . " The explosion , depending on the charge and the level of sophistication of the charge , would be only big enough to take out a single vehicle or a ship . "  UAVs are a major part of the modern battlefield . We just have to look at how the U.S. uses them in Pakistan and Yemen and Afghanistan , but the UAVs that the U.S. is using are significantly more sophisticated . There 's no comparison really . " Some analysts have also suggested North Korea could use UAVs to carry out a chemical or biological attack on the South . But Hardy doubts it would come to that . "  If North Korea did a chemical or biological attack on South Korea in any kind of situation , the United States and South Korea would respond with a massive amount of force ... You would have the world 's largest military on your doorstep very quickly . " South Korea investigates two suspected North Korean drones South Korea bolsters air defense network The discovery of the drones comes amid mounting tensions across the 38th parallel . Annual U.S.-South Korean joint military drills that ended on April 7 , drew criticism from North Korea , which views the exercises as "  dress rehearsals for invasion , " according to James Person , coordinator of the North Korean International Documentation Project at the Woodrow Wilson Center . Two weeks ago , Pyongyang fired two mid-range ballistics missiles off its eastern coast , in apparent response to the drills . Days later , the two sides exchanged hundreds of shells across the Northern Limit Line , their disputed maritime border , after North Korea warned it was preparing to test another nuclear device . "  This time of year is provocation season , " says Hardy . "  It 's all good stuff because it allows the North Koreans to do something provocative and slightly annoying which might embarrass South Koreans , but it 's not provocative enough to create a proper military response . " But South Korea is taking precautions to secure its airspace . In a weekly meeting with senior aides Monday , South Korea 's President Park Keun Hye warned that insecurities among many citizens , especially those living near the border , are growing in light of the recent provocations from North Korea . "  Drones suspected of belonging to North Korea appeared to have spied in all directions , but our military authorities were completely in the dark about this , " she said . "  I think there are problems with the air defense and ground reconnaissance systems . "  We should view it seriously that North Korea has fired missiles and strengthened reconnaissance . To prepare for the possibility of additional provocations , we need to come up with measures to immediately block and repel any provocations . " On Monday , South Korea 's military launched an expansive search for further drones . Two days later , a spokesperson for the defense ministry told CNN that South Korea plans to purchase low-altitude radar to improve the country 's ability to detect small UAVs . He declined to say how many or where the radar would come from . South Korea 's own reconnaissance drone program includes a deal to buy four Global Hawk UAVs from Northrop Grunman Corp for over $ 800 million . Person , from the Woodrow Wilson Center says that if the drones are from North Korea , it is a violation of the armistice agreement and South Korea should be concerned that its airspace was violated . "  But given just how low-tech these things are , I do n't think South Korean officials are so very concerned right now , " he said . Stella Kim reported from Seoul ; Sophie Brown reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	South Korea suspects that three drones discovered in recent weeks belong to North Korea The unmanned aircraft are fitted with digital cameras , difficult to detect with radar Experts say the drones are low-tech and pose little threat Seoul is bolstering its air defense network in light of the discovery
CNN  -- Bloody clashes between pro- and anti-Syrian regime fighters raged on early Sunday in Tripoli , Lebanon , a day after the deadliest outburst of violence there in recent weeks indicated Syria 's turmoil continues spilling across borders . Twelve people were killed and about 50 were wounded in fighting on Saturday , the state-run National News Agency reported . The clashes continued early Sunday morning , killing at least one person , NNA said . But government intervention appears to have calmed the situation . Syrian president condemns Houla massacre , rejects accusations After meeting with leaders from the different factions involved in the clashes , Interior Minister Marwan Charbel announced that national security forces would enter the area to enforce a cease-fire Sunday morning . Tripoli residents and the NNA news agency said Sunday that Tripoli was quiet after the morning clashes , suggesting fighters apparently adhered to the cease-fire . At one point on Saturday , a continuous stream of rockets hindered national security forces ' attempts to secure the area , the news agency said . One rocket exploded over a well-known castle in the city , while another landed some distance away . Prime Minister Najib Mikati went to Tripoli to assess the security situation , state news reported . The sectarian violence in Tripoli -- which is on the Mediterranean coast , about 50 miles from Homs , Syria -- mirrors the tensions in its neighboring nation . Clashes in both nations pit Sunnis , who make up the majority of the Syrian opposition and population , against Alawites and other Shiites , who are dominant in Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government . Sunnis are the majority in northern Lebanon , where Tripoli is located and where anti-Assad factions are relatively strong . The Syrian president , meanwhile , has more support in southern Lebanon and among members of the powerful Shiite militant and political group Hezbollah , which is considered a terrorist organization by U.S. authorities . The recent fighting is not the first time tensions have simmered over , including in Tripoli . Last month , violence flared after Lebanese authorities arrested Chadi Mawlawi , an Islamist activist who was helping Syrian refugees by providing food and shelter , his cousin said . Lebanon had accused Mawlawi of being an operative in an al Qaeda-inspired group -- something his relatives deny . The activist was eventually released , but not before his arrest sparked fighting that killed seven people and left dozens wounded . Elsewhere in Lebanon , the kidnapping of a group of Shiite Muslim pilgrims in Syria prompted angry protests last month in Beirut , the capital . Also last month , gun battles in Beirut between rival Sunni political parties -- one supporting Syria 's al-Assad and one opposing him -- left two dead and 18 wounded . That was the worst outbreak of violence in a city where the powerful Hezbollah militia engaged government troops in street battles in 2008 . That bloodshed came hours after Lebanese troops killed two Sunni Muslim clerics -- both opposed to the embattled Syrian regime -- at a checkpoint in northern Lebanon . Syria has long been a major influence in Lebanon , and not just because of the extensive border the two nations share . Lebanon was considered part of "  greater Syria " until the end of World War I. Syrian troops were deployed in Lebanon between 1976 and 2005 , primarily in the north -- ostensibly at first as peacekeepers to help stop Lebanon 's long civil war , though they stayed long after the fighting stopped in 1990 . The Syrian forces ' 2005 withdrawal followed the car-bomb killing of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in Beirut , which some blamed on elements of al-Assad 's regime . Since then , Lebanon 's most prominent political blocs have been sharply divided -- the ruling pro-Syria alliance led by Prime Minister Mikati on one side and anti-Syrian factions led by Saad Hariri , the son of the assassinated former prime minister , on the other . The unrest in Syria that began 15 months ago with peaceful anti-government protests , followed by a government crackdown , has meant further complications for Lebanon . Thousands of refugees have poured across the border . And in April the Lebanese army announced it had intercepted a cargo ship bound for Tripoli that was filled with weapons it believes were meant to be delivered to rebel forces in Syria . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Hamdi Alkhshali and Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	Lebanese media : Clashes continue early Sunday in Tripoli , leading to one death 12 people were killed Saturday during fighting in Tripoli , state news reports Recent clashes pit factions opposed to and supporting the Syrian regime Tripoli residents say the situation had calmed by late Sunday
Washington  CNN  -- A top Republican senator used the terror bombings in Boston to raise new questions on Friday about a bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill , legislation that now faces growing questions from conservative critics . Immigration reformers seek to avoid deja vu Democrats should n't rush the legislative process "  given the events of this week , " Iowa 's Chuck Grassley said at the opening of a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the nearly 900-page bill . "  It 's important for us to understand the gaps and loopholes in our immigration system , " Grassley said . "  How can individuals evade authorities and plan such attacks on our soil ? How can we beef up security checks on people who wish to enter the U.S. ? " "  This hearing is an opportunity to refocus on ... the importance of remaining vigilant and secure in our homeland , " he added . One of the bill 's authors , New York Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer , responded by urging fellow senators to "  allow the actual facts to come out " before "  jumping to conclusions about Boston . " Two other leading Senate Republicans asserted in a written statement released after the hearing that the Boston bombings actually highlighted the necessity for immigration reform . "  Immigration reform will strengthen our nation 's security by helping us identify exactly who has entered our country and who has left -- a basic function of government that our broken immigration system is incapable of accomplishing today , " said South Carolina 's Lindsey Graham and Arizona 's John McCain . "  We have 11 million people living in the shadows , which leaves this nation vulnerable to a myriad of threats , " they added . "  By modernizing our system of legal immigration , identifying and conducting background checks on people here illegally , and finally securing our border , we will make America more secure . " Overall , the issues of border security and economic concerns dominated the first committee hearing on the long-awaited plan , which was unveiled against the backdrop of the deadly Boston Marathon bombings and subsequent manhunt . "  Gang of 8 " confident immigration bill can break Senate gridlock Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano was scheduled to testify , but canceled her appearance on Friday morning as the Boston-area manhunt intensified . "  There is a great deal going on in Massachusetts , " said Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , the panel 's chairman . "  I hope everybody will understand why the Secretary Napolitano will not be here . " Bombing manhunt : Where is the suspect hiding ? Leahy promised she would testify on the bill at a later date . Tighter security has long been a key immigration reform demand for many conservatives , who argue that current border controls remain insufficient . Rubio 's rapid response to immigration reform critics The two prime suspects in Monday 's bombings came to the United States in 2002 and 2006 , according to a federal official . Both suspects were in the country legally . One of them became a U.S. citizen last year , an official told CNN . The bill assembled by the Senate 's "  Gang of Eight " -- comprised of four Democrats and four Republicans -- would , among other things , commit $ 3 billion to enhanced border security . Money would be used to fortify border fences , boost patrols , and acquire surveillance technology from the Department of Defense -- including drones and drone pilots . The legislation would require constant surveillance of high-risk border areas and require that border officers turn back at least 90 % of those who attempt illegal crossings each year . Vulnerable sections of the border would have to be deemed secure before most of America 's roughly 11 million undocumented residents could begin the journey to citizenship . Read the immigration reform bill Some conservatives are skeptical the Obama administration will ever secure the border to their satisfaction . Many reform advocates believe conservatives want to use the border security issue to deny citizenship to undocumented residents . It 's not right to put undocumented residents at the "  mercy " of a border security requirement , Leahy argued . And "  spending billions more " on border controls , like fences , are not the "  best use of taxpayer dollars . " But the bill is a "  product of compromise " and "  difficult concessions " on all sides , he added . Testimony from the hearing 's two remaining witnesses focused on the economic impact of immigration reform , and whether it would damage job and wage prospects for citizens on the lower rungs of the economic ladder . "  We have an abundant supply of low skilled labor waiting for jobs , " argued Peter Kirsanow , a member of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights . Sweeping legalization of undocumented workers will result in the "  leapfrogging  of  those individuals . " And "  we 're living in a fantasy land " if we think "  by a stroke of a pen " the economic prospects of undocumented residents will be significantly improved , he added . Alabama GOP Sen. Jeff Sessions agreed , arguing that America has "  more low skilled labor than we can find jobs for today . " "  I think this  fact was  not considered properly in this bill , " said Sessions , who declared that the legislation was written by "  big business " and "  big agricultural interests . " But Douglas Holtz-Eakin , a leading GOP voice on economic issues and former head of the Congressional Budget Office , insisted that illegal immigration is n't the main problem for the country 's low skill workers . American workers with few skills are being forced to compete globally , he told the panel . "  Geographic location has very little to do with it . " Legalizing undocumented workers will help "  eliminate the capacity for exploitation , " he added . Under the bill , most undocumented immigrants who arrived in the United States before December 31 , 2011 , would be eligible for legal residency and ultimately citizenship . They can not , however , have any felony convictions in U.S. or foreign courts . Smaller offenses can also block residency . The bill would block applicants with more than three misdemeanor convictions , including for offenses such as reckless driving , trespassing or vandalism . The bill would also require undocumented immigrants to pay a penalty of up to $ 500 for having come to the United States illegally , and also pay any back taxes before receiving temporary approval to stay . After 10 years as provisional residents , immigrants could become lawful permanent residents by following the same guidelines as immigrants who enter the country legally . That process includes a $ 1,000 fee . The Judiciary Committee is set to hold another hearing on the bill on Monday . Full Senate consideration would likely occur in June , according to multiple sources . A bipartisan group of legislators in the House of Representatives is crafting its own immigration reform proposal .	NEW : Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham say Boston bombing prove need for immigration reform Sen. Chuck Grassley says Boston bombings raise new immigration reform concerns Sen. Chuck Schumer says senators should n't jump to conclusions Bipartisan immigration bill aims to tighten border security , create path to citizenship
CNN  -- Greg Norman says he is lucky to still have his left hand after a chainsaw accident . The famed Australian golfer , who won two majors and 20 U.S. PGA Tour titles , posted a photo late Saturday on his Instagram account showing him lying in a hospital bed . "  Working with a chainsaw ALWAYS be respectful of the unexpected , " he wrote in the caption . "  I was one lucky man today . Damaged , but not down & out . Still have left hand . " Later he posted another photo with his left forearm in a foam device that helps keep the arm in place . "  Thank u all for your concern & good wishes . All well the morning after the accident . Here I am at the scene of the crime ... w/my new fashion statement ! " wrote Norman , who lives in Jupiter Island , Florida . His daughter told CNN that he is recovering "  nicely . " "  He will have a hundred percent recovery in a few weeks , " Morgan-leigh Norman said . Her father had minor surgery to repair slight nerve damage , she said . The accident happened at his Florida home , she said . He went to surgery Saturday afternoon and was home that night . Last weekend , Norman , known as the "  Great White Shark , " had posted a picture of himself holding a chainsaw next to a tree with several branches already severed . "  Time to trim the sea grapes today , " the caption on that photo said . "  Never ask someone to do something that you can do yourself . Love to work ! " As news of his injury spread Sunday , people flocked to his Instagram and Twitter feeds to express concern and wish him a speedy recovery . Norman , 59 , was one of the dominant golfers in the 1980s and 1990s , spending a total of 331 weeks at the top of the world rankings and winning two British Open Championships . He now has his own clothing brand , real estate business and golf course design company . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Daughter says Greg Norman will make a full recovery NEW : He had minor surgery to repair nerve damage , she says Greg Norman posts photos on Instagram from hospital , at home with foam stabilizer on arm "  I was one lucky man today . Damaged , but not down & out , " he captions one photo
A coroner ruled Tuesday that a dingo , a wild dog native to Australia , caused the death of a baby more than 30 years ago . Azaria Chamberlain was just 2 months old when she disappeared from a tent during a family holiday to Uluru , also known as Ayers Rock , sparking one of the country 's most sensational and enduring murder mysteries . "  The cause of her death was as the result of being attacked and taken by a dingo , " Elizabeth Morris , coroner for Northern Territory , announced to Darwin Magistrates court early Tuesday . "  Dingos can and do cause harm to humans . " The girl 's mother , Lindy Chamberlain-Creighton , long maintained that a dingo took her baby , even as she was sentenced to life in jail for her daughter 's murder , a conviction that was later quashed . During the trial , a witness recounted the then 32-year-old mother 's cries of a "  dingo 's got my baby , " which was immortalized in the 1988 film "  A Cry in the Dark " starring Meryl Streep , who earned an Oscar nomination for the role . Outside the court Tuesday , Chamberlain-Creighton said she and her family were "  relieved and delighted to come to the end of this saga . " 2004 on CNN.com : Child staves off stalking dingo "  No longer will Australia be able to say that dingoes are not dangerous and will only attack if provoked , " she said . Evidence produced at the fourth inquest into Azaria 's death in February included reports of attacks by dingoes and dogs assumed to be part-dingo or crossbreeds . The coroner heard that in 2001 a 9-year-old boy died as a result of a dingo attack on Fraser Island in the Australian state of Queensland . Years later , two girls , each around two-years-old , died in separate attacks by dogs believed to be part-dingo in the states of New South Wales and Victoria . In her findings , Morris said no other disappearance exactly like that of Azaria had been recorded . However , she said , "  it is clear that there is evidence that in particular circumstances , a dingo is capable of attacking , taking and causing the death of young children . " It is a scenario that was unthinkable in 1980 when mother-of-three Lindy Chamberlain , then married to Michael Chamberlain , sparked a frantic search of a remote campsite in central Australia after claiming that a dingo took her baby . So unbelievable was the idea that dingo would enter a tent to snatch a two-month-old that suspicion soon turned to the couple . The mystery was compounded by the lack of a body . Azaria 's was never found , although her heavily blood-stained singlet , jumpsuit and nappy were discovered near the campsite one week after she disappeared . Overheard on CNN.com : ` Shame it took so long ' for dingo ruling to be reached The first inquest into Azaria 's death in 1981 found that the baby died as a result of being taken by a dingo . However , the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory quashed the finding later that year and ordered a second inquest into Azaria 's death . At the second inquest Lindy Chamberlain was committed to trial for murder . Her husband Michael was charged with being an accessory after the fact . The prosecution alleged that Chamberlain slit her daughter 's throat with a pair of scissors before hiding her body , possibly in a camera bag , before she and her husband Michael buried her somewhere in the vicinity of the campsite . The 35-day trial created a media frenzy in Australia as commentators picked apart the intricacies of the case , while a fascinated public speculated wildly as to how and why Azaria had died . The jury returned its verdict in 1982 ; Lindy Chamberlain was found guilty of murder and sentenced to life in jail . Her husband Michael was given a suspended sentence . Chamberlain served four years of her sentence before the Northern Territory government ordered her release in 1986 after the discovery of new evidence ; a baby 's jacket , believed to be Azaria 's , found half-buried near a dingo lair at Uluru . In 1988 , a Royal Commission set up to review the evidence formally quashed convictions for both husband and wife . Despite the finding that the couple was not to blame , a third inquest into their daughter 's death returned an open verdict in 1995 . It was that verdict that the couple sought to overturn with a fourth inquest this year .	Azaria Chamberlain disappeared from a tent more than 30 years ago Lindy Chamberlain-Creighton claimed her baby had been taken by a dingo Prosecutors convinced a jury she was guilty of murder ; conviction later quashed Mom 's reaction : "  Relieved and delighted to come to the end of this saga "
Washington  CNN  -- The FBI has launched an investigation into an alleged incident of child sexual abuse at a facility that provides services to children of civilian and military personnel who work at the Army 's Fort Meade in Maryland . At present , there is one known allegation concerning the Youth Center , according to Chad Jones , spokesman for the installation that lies between Washington and Baltimore . But officials are sending hundreds of letters to families whose children might have come in contact with an unidentified civilian man who worked at the center from 2005 until his resignation in 2012 . They are publicizing the case to see whether others may come forward , Jones said Friday . The man 's position was not immediately known , but Jones said "  he worked with kids . " A town hall meeting for families is scheduled for Thursday . Mary Doyle , also with public affairs at Fort Meade , told CNN that the center generally serves children in grades 6-8 through sports programs and non-athletic activities , such as computer labs and arts and crafts . On weekends , younger children occasionally partake in activities . About 20 staff members typically are at the center when activities under way , Doyle said . The Youth Center is not a school . Schools at Fort Meade are operated by Maryland 's Anne Arundel County Public Schools . The employee in question had no connection to any of the schools , she said . A 24-hour family hotline has been set up for anyone who has more questions for base officials . The FBI said it would have no comment . Civilian law enforcement alerted Fort Meade to the alleged incident , officials said . George Wright with Army public affairs said the FBI is leading the investigation because the allegation involves a federal facility . "  Fort Meade is fully cooperating with the FBI 's investigation and is providing support to families as necessary , " he said in a statement . Hagel outlines plan to reduce , respond to sexual assault cases CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	The FBI is looking into an alleged incident at Army post 's youth center Case linked to former employee at Fort Meade in Maryland Letters sent out to families Officials want to know of possible other incidents
CNN  -- Gunpowder , fireworks and attention-grabbing installations mark Cai Guo-Qiang as one of the world 's biggest and brightest artists . Cai 's fireworks will be seen by millions during the Olympics opening and closing ceremonies . The Chinese artist is about to show the world what he can do with a spectacular pyrotechnics display at the opening of the Olympic Games in Beijing . Despite not having lived in China since 1986 , Cai has been selected to be the Director of Visual and Special Effects for both the opening and closing ceremonies at the Games . For the 51-year-old contemporary artist , whose work has previously caused controversy in China , the politics that have been swirling around the Games are secondary to the event itself . "  In any country , in any city , there will be political influence on what is said , what kind of images are to be projected and , yes , of course artists can be and are influenced by politicians , " he told CNN . "  But what I also think is that our leaders at the very highest level want artists to be able to be free , to be creative and to show this other side of China that is vibrant . " While some of his art is politically charged , Cai has established his reputation as much as a director of the spectacular , with his work often providing a visceral and visual bang . He studied stage design at the Shanghai Drama Institute between 1981 and 1985 before moving to Japan a year after graduation . Now residing in New York , he gained wide-spread international recognition at the Venice Biennale in 1999 , winning the Golden Lion prize . However , the work he displayed -- Rent Collection Courtyard , a replica of famous Chinese socialist-realist sculpture -- upset artists of the original piece in Shanghai who believed it diminished the sentiment behind the original work . Born in Fujian in 1957 , Cai 's father was also an artist , but had a much more traditional outlook than the one Cai developed . "  He and his friends always lamented about the good days and , that there 's no vitality in today 's art and culture . So , I really rebelled against that . I felt that what they were talking about had very little to do with how our lives were like at that moment , " he said . Cai began using gunpowder in his work after moving to Japan . Detonating large trails of it on his two-dimensional pieces , creating small mushroom-clouds , or lighting enormous firework displays , explosions have been a continuous theme of his work . "  I have always been a coward as a child . I am not very brave . I am very aware of the fact that I am not very gutsy . So , I am always trying to do things to kind of boost my own sense of courage a bit . So maybe that is why I use gunpowder , " he told CNN . Cai has proffered different explanations for different projects that feature the same motifs . Perhaps that is not surprising when his influences come from a myriad of sources that include Taoism , Buddhist philosophy and UFO-observations . Recently exhibited at New York 's Guggenheim Museum , "  Inopportune : Stage One " is a set of 9 cars suspended above each other with illuminated shards shooting out . Cai has previously said it denotes Chinese craftiness in stealing western technology , while arrows piercing the life-sized stuffed tigers of "  Inopportune : Stage 2 " are also about the aesthetics of pain . "  For me cars are tigers , they are all bodies of the human form and it is a human form I am working with through this medium . For the cars the energy goes inward out and for the tiger piece the energy flows in , " he told CNN . Meanings and interpretations then can be fluid , but as well as the explosions and visual excitement , there is a common social theme in his work . The most connected to this ethos is "  Reflection-A Gift from Iwaki 2004 . " The skeleton of a wooden boat found off the coast of Iwaki , Japan , that spills delicate pieces of porcelain from its hull is recreated piece by piece by the people who helped excavate it . "  This work and the history of this work belongs to the people of Iwaki and me . It is a shared experience , a shared history , " he said . "  Some works of art have material other works have form , but this piece has something additional , it has a narrative , it has a story that is just as important as the material and form itself . " Ultimately the most unifying and social part of his work is the spectacle of it all . Everyone loves fireworks , and if Cai 's own careful planning and that of the Games organizers come together , he should provide a fitting opening and finale to the world 's biggest spectacle .	Chinese artist will curate Olympic Games ' opening ceremony pyrotechnic display Uses gunpowder and fireworks to produce spectacular large-scale pieces International recognition winning Golden Lion at 1999 Venice Biennale
CNN  -- Four Seasons Hotels & Resorts is entering the aviation game . Sort of . The Toronto-based luxury accommodation brand has leased its very own Boeing 757 , to fly guests on global tours starting February 2015 . Renderings of the black airplane -- dubbed the "  Four Seasons Jet " -- show the brand 's leaf logo on the tail , while execs say the interiors of the retrofitted plane will be customized by the company 's design team . Flatbed seats and in-flight Wi-Fi are a given . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- a natural extension of what we 've been doing in our hotels for more than 50 years , " said Susan Helstab , executive vice president of marketing , in a statement . The Boeing 757 is a twin-engine short-to-medium-range jetliner that can fly both long - and short-range routes . On November 28 , 2005 , Boeing wrapped up the 23-year run of the single aisle 757 passenger airplane but says more than 1,030 of its 1,050 757s are still in service . Commercial airlines usually fit out these planes with at least 200 seats , but the Four Seasons Jet will have 52 in a 2-2 configuration . Around the world in 24 days Four Seasons says it 's already accepting reservations for trips in February , April and August . First up is "  Around the World , " a 24-day , nine-destination trip that starts in Los Angeles and ends in London . The price is $ 119,000 per person and stops include Hawaii , Bora Bora , Sydney , Bali , northern Thailand , Mumbai and Istanbul . A shorter tour , called "  Backstage with the Arts , " is a 16-day European trip in April through Paris , Lisbon , Milan , Istanbul , St. Petersburg and Prague . Each journey includes air travel and ground transportation , planned excursions , all meals , some drinks and accommodations -- only in Four Seasons properties , of course . In-flight staff will include a concierge to coordinate with local Four Seasons concierges in each destination . Is there a market for such an indulgence ? In a 2014 report on the global business of luxury , the Boston Consulting Group said that today 's ultra rich are looking for experiences out of the ordinary . "  Luxury experiences are by far the most powerful driver of luxury spending everywhere , " said Jean-Marc BellaÃ ¯ che , a BCG senior partner and coauthor of the report . "  Collectively , they make up nearly $ 1 trillion of the annual global total . As older consumers realize that they have all the ` things ' they want -- and as younger people favor experiences they can share with their friends -- consumers are spending more on everything from dining at five-star restaurants to exotic vacation travel . " Four Seasons has been offering similar private jet journeys via a chartered company since 2012 . According to Gelb , they 've been extremely popular , which encouraged the company to look for new ways to evolve . "  The Around the World trips continuously sold out , and often had waiting lists , underscoring how important this level of experience is to our guests , " she told CNN . "  In fact , many of our travelers have booked more than one private jet trip with Four Seasons and some even have private jets of their own , but what they are seeking is an unforgettable adventure in the company of like-minded travelers , one that delivers the uncompromised luxury that is the hallmark of Four Seasons . " In terms of competition , luxury tour companies like Abercrombie & Kent , National Geographic Expeditions and Remote Lands offer similar journeys geared toward wealthy travelers looking for a bit of adventure . And the list of potential clients keeps growing . The number of ultra high net worth individuals  UHNWIs  across the world has ballooned by 59 % since 2003 , taking the number of people with more than US$ 30 million in assets to over 167,000 worldwide , according to global real estate firm Knight Frank 's 2014 Wealth Report . The fastest growth has been seen in the Middle East , Latin America , Australasia and Africa .	Four Seasons ' branded jet will begin around-the-world tours in 2015 The 24-day , nine-destination global journey costs $ 119,000 per person Statistics show global travel market poised for growth in 2014
CNN  -- Brazil moved into the final of the Confederations Cup following a tense and dramatic 2-1 victory over Uruguay . Following another day of protests in Belo Horizonte , where anti-government protesters clashed with police , the nation 's football players gave its people some brief respite . A late header from Paulinho was enough to push the samba stars over the line in a game where it was given a huge scare by its South American rival . Diego Forlan squandered a glorious opportunity from the penalty spot in the first half before Fred fired Brazil ahead . Edinson Cavani leveled after the break from close-range , but Paulinho 's late effort sealed his country 's place in the final against either Spain or Italy . Contests between these two countries are always fiercely fought affairs with the Brazilians still scarred by their defeat in the 1950 World Cup final in Rio . Then there was the pre-match spice added by Uruguay captain Diego Lugano , who accused Brazil star Neymar of diving . Ironically , it was Lugano who hit the turf first , although there were no suggestions that he dived to win a first-half penalty . The defender was wrestled to the ground by Chelsea defender David Luiz and referee Enrique Osses pointed to the spot . Forlan , Uruguay 's leading scorer , stepped up to take the kick but his effort was saved by Julio Cesar to send those draped in yellow inside the Estadio Mineirao into ecstasy . That miss appeared to wake Brazil from its slumber and with just two minutes of the first half remaining , Neymar flicked the ball into Fred 's path and the striker fired home with aplomb . Uruguay responded almost immediately after the interval when Cavani stroked home , while Forlan wasted a fine opportunity to win the tie when he fired straight at Cesar . Liverpool 's Luis Suarez headed just over as Uruguay turned the screw against a fragile looking Brazilian backline . But with the prospect of extra time looming , Paulinho rose highest at the far post to meet Neymar 's corner and spark wild scenes of celebration . Isco Meanwhile , Real Madrid president Florentino Perez confirmed Wednesday that his club has agreed a deal for Malaga 's Spain under-21 star Isco . Isco is expected to become new manager Carlo Ancelotti 's first signing since taking over from Jose Mourinho . "  There is already an agreement with the club and the player , " Perez told Spanish National Radio . "  Isco will be presented next week , he just needs to pass the medical . " Italian side Juventus has confirmed the signing of Manchester City and Argentina striker Carlos Tevez on a three-year deal . Tevez , 29 , cost an estimated $ 13 million with the fee rising to a possible $ 15 million .	Brazil defeated Uruguay 2-1 to reach final of Confederations Cup Fred gave Brazil a first-half lead after Diego Forlan had missed penalty for Uruguay Edinson Cavani had equalized for Uruguay before late Paulinho winner Brazil will play Italy or world champion Spain in the final
CNN  -- An assistant high school football coach was found guilty of two misdemeanors in connection with the Steubenville , Ohio , rape case that captured national attention in 2012 , the state attorney general 's office said Tuesday . Matt Belardine , a volunteer coach at Steubenville High School , was sentenced to 10 days in jail Tuesday . He 's the first adult sentenced to jail time in connection with the case , in which two members of the school 's football team were convicted of raping a severely intoxicated 16-year-old girl . Belardine was the only adult present at an August 2012 party held at his home and attended by both players , Ma ` lik Richmond and Trenton Mays , and the victim , Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine 's office said . Belardine pleaded no contest to serving alcohol to a minor and making a false statement , charges that carried a six-month maximum sentence each . "  It 's very unfortunate the events that transpired that night , you know , with the girl and everything , " Belardine said in court . He said he believed he made "  the right decisions , " but "  I did n't make the decisions quick enough . " He said he learned "  a very good lesson -- that no matter what , you should always tell the truth . " In addition to the jail time , Belardine was ordered to serve 40 hours of community service and pay $ 1,000 in fines . Dan Tierney , a spokesman for the Ohio attorney general 's office , tells CNN Belardine was ordered to report to jail on Friday . Two other charges , obstructing official business and contributing to the unruliness or delinquency of a child , were dismissed . He 's one of six people indicted by a special grand jury investigating adults involved in the rape case , and his case is the fourth of those to be resolved . William Rhinaman , the director of technology for Steubenville City Schools , is also expected to appear in court Tuesday for a pretrial hearing . He has been indicted on charges of tampering with evidence , obstruction of justice , obstructing official business and perjury . Steubenville City Schools Superintendent Michael McVey faces three felony charges . He 's due back in court on a motion hearing on May 5 . Richmond , then 16 , was released from juvenile detention in January . He 'd been sentenced to serve a year in a juvenile correctional facility , but he was credited for the time he served before the trial . Mays , who was 17 when he was convicted , also was found guilty of disseminating a nude photo of a minor and was sentenced to two years . The teens were convicted in March 2013 after a trial that divided the football-crazed Rust Belt town . Lurid text messages , social media posts , as well as cell phone pictures and videos helped raise the national profile of the case , which revolved around Richmond and Mays ' actions during a series of end-of-summer parties . The case attracted the attention of bloggers , who questioned everything from the behavior of the football team to the integrity of the investigation . Richmond and Mays have been classified as Tier II sex offenders and will be required to report to their local sheriff 's office every six months for the next 20 years . Teen convicted in rape released 4 more school employees charged CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : A lesson learned -- "  always tell the truth , " volunteer coach says in court Matt Belardine gets 10 days in jail , 40 hours community service Two high school football players were convicted of raping a 16-year-old girl Two more cases connected to the rape are still to be resolved
Wired  -- Joe Wilkins knew there was only one way to give his supercharged , alcohol-injected Hemi-engined hot rod more power : Put a jet engine in the trunk . "  It started as a hobby and turned into a monster , " said Joe Wilkins , the motor madman behind what might be the wildest 1939 Ford ever built . He 's an inventor and defense department contractor , and the idea of goosing the Ford 's ability to turn heads and shred tires came when he bought a used gas turbine engine . "  I got hooked on the simplicity and power that this thing produced , and I decided one day I want to put it in a car . " Luckily for us , he did . The Hemi Jet -- Wilkins has copyrighted the name -- fires up this weekend at the Houston AutoRama , and Wilkins plans to attempt a land speed record in the near future . In the meantime , he 's tooling around Navasota , Texas , in what he says is the ultimate sleeper when the jet engine 's tucked away in the trunk . Most people say "  Nice car " and assume he 's got the obligatory small-block Chevrolet engine under the hood . Little do they know . "  I can drive it up to the store and get a gallon of milk if I want to , " he told Autopia . The car is an amalgamation of the Big Three , with a Chrysler engine , Chevrolet drivetrain and Ford body . Wilkins says the jet engine was probably used as an APU and weighs 110 pounds . He claims the car is street legal so long as the jet stays stowed . He fires it up from time to time to show off , and he plans to run it flat-out at the Bonneville Salt Flats . "  We want to be the fastest street legal car in the world , " he said . He 's got some intense competition . The Bugatti Veyron tops out at 253 mph and the Shelby Supercars Ultimate Aero TT does 255 . And then there 's Red Vector One , that crazy Vauxhall that does zero to 60 in under a second . Record , schmecord -- we just want to see the video . "  I 'm more than certain the car will go over 300 , " Wilkins said . "  We 've still got a ways to go -LSB- before Bonneville -RSB- , but not a long way . We 'll have to experiment in some wind tunnels and end up with a spoiler on the back to keep the front end on the ground . " Sadly , Wilkins wo n't be behind the wheel during the car 's test run . "  I turned 61 last Sunday . I just do n't think I 'm going to be able to handle it -LSB- without -RSB- the reflexes I had 20 or 30 years ago , " he said . "  I know several people who would be more than interested . " So do we , and we even suggested Wilkins give the job to fellow jet-junkie Bob Maddox . After jumping from a plane with a pulse jet strapped to his chest , we suspect Maddox would welcome the opportunity to stay on the ground . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	A Texas man has outfitted a 1939 Ford with a jet engine he hopes will make it go more than 300 mph Nicknamed the "  Hemi Jet , " it fires up this weekend at the Houston AutoRama The car has a Chrysler engine , a Chevrolet drivetrain and a Ford body Owner Joe Wilkins plans to run it flat-out someday at the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Authorities in Egypt have frozen the assets of former President Hosni Mubarak and his family , state-run media reported Monday . Attorney General Abdel Meguid Mahmoud requested the action , according to the state-run EgyNews website . Along with Mubarak 's assets , those belonging to his wife , Suzanne , were also frozen , along with the assets of the former president 's eldest son , Alaa , and younger son , Gamal , and both of the sons ' wives , according to the report . After 30 years , Mubarak stepped down as Egypt 's president February 11 following 18 days of unrest . The same day , Switzerland 's government moved to freeze any assets in the country 's banks that might belong to Mubarak or his family . "  The  government  intends in doing so to avoid any risk of embezzlement of Egyptian state property , " Swiss officials said in a statement at the time . In addition , the prosecutor has requested an investigation into Mubarak 's assets , prompted by citizen complaints , Egyptian state television reported . On Sunday , Mubarak 's attorney said that false information had been published by media outlets both in Egypt and elsewhere regarding the former president 's wealth , calling it "  baseless rumors ... an attempt to cause damage to his reputation and his integrity , " according to EgyNews . And on Saturday , Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq responded to a question on the matter during a meeting with newspaper editors and media representatives by saying he only knew what he "  read about Mubarak 's wealth in the newspapers and in the media , just like everyone else , " EgyNews reported . Shafiq said that any action on the former president 's assets was up to the country 's Military Council . Two former Egyptian ministers were transferred to criminal court on Monday , according to state news agency MENA . Former Interior Minister Habib al-Adly , whose agency was reponsible for Egyptian police and paramilitary forces , and Zuhair Garana , former tourism minister , will face corruption charges , MENA reported . Al-Adly is charged with racketeering and money laundering , according to EgyNews , and Garana is charged with premeditated damage to public property and illegally enabling close associates to obtain financial benefits . The two were among four ministers from Mubarak 's government jailed last week , state media reported . Meanwhile , British Prime Minister David Cameron arrived Monday in Cairo , his office said , for meetings with Egypt 's military leadership , to which Mubarak ceded power . Cameron met Monday with Mohammed Tantawi , head of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , according to his office . Cameron "  spoke of the UK 's willingness to be helpful and contribute to a successful political transition , " the Downing Street website reported . "  This is a great opportunity for us to go and talk to those currently running Egypt to make sure this really is a genuine transition from military rule to civilian rule and see what friendly countries like Britain and others in Europe can do to help , " Cameron said , according to the website . Cameron also plans to meet with Shafiq as well as "  members of the opposition movement , " his office said . It was unclear whether Cameron would meet with the banned Muslim Brotherhood group . The opposition group , although officiallyillegal , has said it will apply to become a political party in Mubarak 's absence . It has said it does not plan to field a candidate for president when elections are held to replace Mubarak . CNN 's Carol Jordan , Saad Abedine and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	The assets of Hosni Mubarak 's sons have also been frozen Mubarak 's wealth has been the subject of false reports , his attorney says British Prime Minister David Cameron is in Cairo to meet with officials
WIRED  -- What did you do this summer ? Flat World Knowledge stayed busy on campus and now has 40 times as many students and more than 10 times the colleges using their freemium , open-source digital textbooks as they did spring semester . And they did it the old-fashioned way -- one professor at a time . A company is offering digital alternatives to traditional college textbooks . After a sort of beta earlier this year , Flat World was set to announce Thursday that more than 40,000 college students at 400 colleges will use their digital , DRM-free textbooks fall semester , up from 1,000 in 30 colleges in the spring . Digital textbooks remain a nascent business and a tough market to enter . At an average cost of $ 100 , textbooks command the highest cover prices in publishing , outside of only some art and coffee-table books . Demand is artificially inelastic as students are indentured to cost servitude at the whim of college professors who blithely assign titles a student must own if she hopes to do well in a given course . Now , multiply that by four , five or even six courses a semester and you are talking big bucks . By comparison , Flat World has a pricing scheme that starts at zero for online access using a browser , and $ 20 for a PDF , which they believe will be the most popular format . Printed versions of their textbooks cost up to $ 60 . Perhaps best of all : Textbooks are available a la carte , chapter by chapter . But the key buy-in has been from teachers who make the assignments and who , in my college days , could not care less how much the textbooks cost . What 's changed ? "  There has been a mind shift , " co-founder Eric Frank told Wired.com . A tipping point came a couple of years ago when faculty began to consider the financial burden on students because many of them  Frank estimates a third  did n't bother to get the textbook at all . Perhaps more to the point , open-source textbooks -- which are Creative Commons-licensed to allow unencumbered non-commercial use -- make it possible to graft supporting material to the curriculum , rather than the other way around . "  Faculty are notorious for wanting to do things their way , " said Frank . "  But they always had to cut the foot to fit the shoe . Now , with open source , they can cut the shoe to fit the foot . " There is virtually no friction involved . A professor can register on Flat World 's site and let students know that the book is available there . No cooperation from a school district or college administration is required . "  Every single class is a fiefdom , and they are kings and queens of their domain , " Frank jokes . Like any freemium retailer , Flat World depends on enough people buying something , because clearly the business can not be sustained if everyone just opts for free web access . "  What we 're counting on is that people will be willing to pay for different packaging . " And it will come down to the price points , Frank acknowledges , even when the company develops formats for the Sony e-book reader and Amazon Kindle , as they hope to this year . It makes as much sense to equip students with a device that makes all their reference materials available on demand as to offer a casual reader a complete portable library -- perhaps more . This is a classic chicken-and-egg scenario in which a device-dependent culture needs to evolve alongside new content formats . For this and a variety of other reasons , including the cost of e-readers and for the media they serve up , Frank thinks the PDF will remain the format of choice for students for some time to come  and the ubiquitous and DRM-free Portable Document Format is readable on the Sony and Amazon devices , anyway  . "  They 'll move forward , " Frank says of device-specific e-reader formats . "  But there is so much irrational pricing right now that they 'll move forward much more slowly than they probably should . " For now , expect a PDF revolution . And what better back-to-school present can you think of for 40,000 hard-up college students in the midst of a recession ? Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Flat World Knowledge offers free access to digital textbooks online The company charges $ 20 for downloadable PDF-format books Interest in the company is rising ; the service will be at 400 colleges this year Still , the digital textbook business remains in its infancy , author says
CNN  -- At full speed , the Rimac Concept_One is little more than a cherry red blur , flashing from one corner of the horizon to the other in the blink of an eye . If its projected performance figures prove to be true , this radical electric concept car -- the brainchild of an award-winning young Croatian designer -- could accelerate faster than all but two of the fastest supercars on earth . The Rimac Concept_One 's figures are impressive . Not just for an electric car , but for traditional petrol-engine cars as well . For years electric vehicles have been regarded as the frumpy inner-city siblings of their hardier countryside 4x4 brethren or zippier track-friendly supercar sisters . Electric vehicles have tended to have names like Leaf , Buddy or Spark as opposed to Vanquish , Venom or Phantom . All this may be set to change when Rimac goes into production . First unveiled at Frankfurt Motor Show in September , 2011 , the Concept One is an electric vehicle that aims to be even faster than the Bugatti Veyron . Its precocious 25-year-old inventor , Mate Rimac , says that the car produces 1018 horsepower , can accelerate from 0 to 100 kph  62 mph  in just 2.8 seconds , has a top speed of 305 kph  190 mph  , and can travel 600 kilometers  372 miles  on a single charge . Mate Rimac says that he has always been motivated by the desire to demonstrate the superiority of electric over petrol-powered cars : "  I have two passions ; cars and technology , " Rimac says . "  Technology because Nikola Tesla was born in Croatia , and he invented the electric motor that is used in so many applications today . And I knew simply by theory that this motor is so much better to drive a car -- even a sports car . "  I decided to combine my two passions , technology and cars and make an electric car that can prove the electric motor is much better even on the racetrack . Not just city cars for boring stuff , but to show people that the future will be interesting -- that one day when petrol is gone and you only have electric cars in the world , you wo n't have to compromise in terms of performance , speed or  how  far  it can go  . " While he was still in high school , Rimac bought a lime green BMW for less than â ‚ ¬ 1000 and began modifying it with new parts . "  I could n't wait to pull out  the motor  and put batteries and electric motors inside instead of the gas engine , " Rimac says . After several years of rebuilding and alteration , Rimac set a world record with his car , which became the fastest accelerating electric car in the world . The car is still recognized in the Guinness Book of World Records for the fastest quarter mile by an electric vehicle . After setting five separate world records with his modified BMW , Rimac began to work towards building his very own car from scratch . He enlisted the help of the highly-regarded young car designer Adriano Mudri , and began work on the Concept_One . Now Rimac is turning his dream car into a reality on a shoestring budget : "  In the car industry , it 's common to design a new car with 1 billion to 5 billion dollars . But , most of those cars carry over components from previous versions -- engines , gear boxes and stuff . We had to design a car  including  the whole technology under the skin ,  while  the company itself did n't have a desk to put a computer on . And we did all that with less than 0.1 % of the budget which is usual in the car industry , " Rimac says . Preliminary impressions from the automotive press have been generally positive , although many , such as GTspirit.com , said that they approached the concept of a vehicle that has "  no sound , no downshift and no smell of burnt petrol " with trepidation . Some also disputed the figures Rimac has released , suggesting that their projected performance statistics may be ambitious . Still , the notion that an electric car might soon not just match , but outperform the best petrol vehicles on the planet is certainly a captivating one . When Rimac releases a production car into the wild in the not-too-distant future , the eyes of the world will certainly be watching .	The Rimac Concept_One is an electric-powered supercar The car can reportedly accelerate from 0 to 100 kph in 2.8 seconds Creator Mate Rimac claims it can reach a top speed of 208kph He says he wants to "  show people that the future will be interesting "
CNN  -- He 's thrown himself off more buildings than he can remember and broken more bones than an actor has any right to and still be alive and working today , but at 54 years old , Jackie Chan 's days of taking spectacular tumbles may be coming to an end . Jackie Chan : From chop socky superstar to Olympics ambassador . "  You got ta change , " he told Anjali Rao for Talk Asia . "  I want to be an actor , not an action star ; I want to be an actor who can fight . " The body , battered as it has been by thousands of stunts , may still be willing , but a will to be taken more seriously as an actor means that at the very least , his next project is a self-directed drama rather than an action flick . Despite his best efforts , it 's probably too late for Jackie Chan to be seen by most film-goers as anything other than a comedic action star . The fact that he can now direct his own productions , however , indicates just how far he 's come in a career in film that has spanned four decades . The movie hero has been at the heart of Hong Kong 's chop socky film industry for over 30 years , fostering a knock-about on-screen image that has seen him appear in almost 100 films and pioneer the comic kung-fu genre . As a boy he studied theatre and acrobatics at the China Drama Academy in Hong Kong . He describes the hardship of life under his master at the academy - where learning was based on strict physical discipline - as more like the army than a school . After nearly a decade spent learning the physical hardships that a career in the Hong Kong film industry had in-store , his first foray into film was as a stuntman on Bruce Lee films . It was only when he developed his humorous on-screen persona in "  Drunken Master " in 1978 that he found greater success as a leading actor , and one more than capable or doing his own stunts . After several attempts to translate his success in Hong Kong cinema to wider audiences in the U.S. and Europe , it was only after he made ` Rumble in the Bronx " that Hollywood took notice . His big-budget Hollywood films include the "  Rush Hour " series and "  Shanghai Noon , " where he starred alongside Owen Wilson . His next cinematic venture to hit the screens is alongside Jet Li in "  The Forbidden Kingdom , " before he takes a lead role as an ambassador for the Beijing Olympics leading up to this year 's Games and as one of the torch bearers when the Olympic Torch arrives in Hong Kong in May . As well as being as firm supporter of the Olympic Games in China , he has combined his dubious penchant for singing ballads  he has released over 20 albums  with this role , releasing an official song to mark the impending event last summer . There is also a more serious side to Chan away from the screen . As well as funding a number of charitable projects he has also become a UNICEF Good Will Ambassador , leading Forbes magazine to him as one of the ` Top 10 Generous Celebs . ' E-mail to a friend	Action hero who does his own stunts is international movie star Actor trained at China Drama Academy before starting career as stunt man Chan is an official ambassador for the Olympic Games this summer
CNN  -- Less than nine months after she shoved her husband off a steep cliff just days into their marriage , a federal judge sentenced Jordan Linn Graham to 30 years in prison Thursday . Graham , 22 , pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in December , admitting to luring her new husband , Cody Johnson , to Glacier National Park and pushing him off a cliff . "  After providing several false statements to law enforcement officers and impeding the investigation by providing false information , Graham ultimately admitted pushing Cody from behind with both hands , " prosecutors said in a statement Thursday . Graham filed a motion to withdraw her guilty plea on Wednesday , arguing that prosecutors had negotiated the plea deal in bad faith by pushing the judge toward a harsher sentence despite agreeing to drop a first-degree murder charge . Prosecutors denied that claim and argued that Graham was trying to delay sentencing . U.S. District Judge Donald Molloy denied Graham 's motion to withdraw her guilty plea at Thursday 's hearing , accepting the plea deal and sentencing her to 365 months in prison . The judge 's ruling came after several members of Johnson 's family asked the judge to sentence Graham to life in prison , CNN affiliate KPAX reported . The sentencing comes months after Graham 's surprise guilty plea in the middle of the high-profile murder trial . "  It was a reckless act , " Graham told the judge in December . "  I just pushed . " When Graham declared her guilt , the victim 's mother in the gallery crumpled in her seat . Another relative of Johnson , who was 25 , threw her head back and cried , whispering "  she said guilty . " His friends held hands and appeared satisfied . When the judge first asked what happened the day her husband was killed , Graham responded , "  I was n't thinking of where we were . " Then she spoke of a deadly argument at the park and how she had misgivings about the marriage . "  I was n't really happy , " she said . Before her guilty plea , Graham 's defense lawyers had argued that the death plunge was an accident resulting from an argument . Graham initially lied to police , they said , because she was afraid she would n't be allowed to explain what happened on the cliff 's edge . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Kyung Lah and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	A judge sentences Jordan Linn Graham to 30 years in prison She pleaded guilty to murdering her husband by pushing him off a cliff "  It was a reckless act , " she told a judge in December
CNN  -- The human rights group Amnesty International said Friday that Haitian authorities are launching a probe into alleged crimes against humanity committed during the 15-year rule of former dictator Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier . Amnesty International researcher Gerardo Ducos gave Haitian authorities 100 documents that it says detail cases of detention without trial , systematic torture , disappearances and extrajudicial killings that took place in Haiti between 1971 and 1986 . Amnesty International as well as Human Rights Watch say that thousands of Haitians suffered grave injustices under Duvalier 's iron-fisted rule . The former strongman stunned the world by returning suddenly to Haiti last Sunday after 25 years in exile in France . In his first public statement since his unexpected return , Duvalier told reporters he wanted to be in Haiti to help with rebuilding the country after last year 's devastating earthquake . He made no mention of any political ambition . "  The desire to participate at your side in this national reconstruction effort is more important than any of the problems I could face . The price to pay is not important . The essential  thing  for me is to be with you , " Duvalier said . He spoke for roughly 10 minutes at a private residence and did not take questions from reporters . Earlier , he was expected to speak at a handful at public locations , but was forced to cancel because the owners of those places did not want him there . Police escorted Duvalier to court Tuesday , where a judge questioned him for hours . He faces charges of corruption and embezzlement on allegations he stole hundreds of millions of dollars from the national treasury . But human rights groups have mounted pressure on Haitian authorities to take Duvalier to court on abuse charges . Ducos said the decision to investigate Duvalier for such abuses is a huge step forward . He said he did not know why Duvalier returned to Haiti but many people have waited many years for an opportunity to prosecute him . "  The state has an obligation to bring him to justice , " Ducos said . He said he met Thursday with Harycidas Auguste , Haiti 's chief prosecutor , and Minister of Justice Paul Denis , to discuss the need for an investigation . He said he urged Haitian authorities to ensure that abuse survivors -- including those who fled Haiti -- are given a chance to tell their stories . Four Haitians have already filed criminal complaints against Duvalier , Ducos said . Michele Montas , a journalist and former spokeswoman for the U.N. secretary-general , said she endured threats and detention and survived an assassination attempt for her journalism . The staff at her husband 's independent radio station was harassed and the station was shut down during Duvalier 's rule , she said . She was expelled from the country in 1980 and returned only after Duvalier 's ouster . "  We have enough proof , " she told CNN . "  There are enough people who can testify . And what I will do is go to a public prosecutor , and there is a public prosecutor that could actually accommodate our complaints . " Amnesty International researchers collected its information mainly through the testimonies of prisoners , many of whose detentions were never officially acknowledged . The testimonies revealed a pattern of abuse , the organization said . Journalist Yvens Paul told Amnesty International that he was detained at the Port-au-Prince airport in 1980 . He said he was taken to prison , where detectives undressed him and beat him . He said his abusers enjoyed seeing the blood gush from his body . They told him he had been arrested because his radio broadcasts were "  subversive . " Frank Blaise , a 70-year-old agronomist , returned home to Haiti from the United States in June 1983 and was arrested two months later and driven by jeep to the Casernes Dessalines army barracks , which the United Nations says was used by Duvalier to interrogate and detain people suspected of anti-government activity . Blaise told Amnesty International he was arrested for his book on agrarian reform and kept in a dark , damp solitary confinement cell . Amnesty International 's documents tell the experiences of cobblers , taxi drivers , filmmakers , mechanics , distillers and even hairdressers , all of whom , they say , were arrested for anti-government activity . "  Jean-Claude Duvalier was the head of state then , " Ducos said . "  He shares responsibility for these crimes . He must face justice . " CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	NEW : Duvalier breaks his silence and says he returned to Haiti to help Amnesty International handed 100 documents to Haitian authorities The documents are mainly testimonies of people saying they were arrested and abused Amnesty says Haiti is launching a probe into atrocities allegedly committed under Duvalier
TOKYO  CNN  -- The U.S. military held a "  Day of Reflection " on Friday for troops in Japan after allegations that two U.S. service members committed sexual assaults on the southern island of Okinawa . Protestors in Okinawa express anger at claims two U.S. service members committed sexual assaults The goal is to emphasize professionalism and core military values , the U.S. military said . Service members will meet in small groups to discuss topics such as personal values , responsible alcohol consumption , and understanding ethnic differences between the United States and Japan , the military said . The "  Day of Reflection " follows the arrest last week of a U.S. Marine for the alleged rape of a 14-year-old Japanese girl and allegations Thursday that an employee of the U.S. Army raped a Filipino woman . Both incidents allegedly happened on Okinawa , where people have long resented the presence of the U.S. military . "  As responsible members of the Japanese community , and consistent with the values of our military , we will continue to do everything possible to prevent incidents , " said Lt. Gen. Bruce A. Wright , commander of the U.S. forces in Japan . "  Every service member is expected to take personal responsibility for his or her off-duty conduct and we will continue to be unwavering in our commitment to maintain exemplary , high standards of professionalism , " he said . The Okinawa prosecutor extended custody Friday for Tyrone Hadnott , the 38-year-old Marine accused in the rape of the teenager . That gives Japanese authorities until March 3 to file charges against him . Japanese Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda has condemned the incident as "  unforgivable , " and the allegation prompted the U.S. military in Japan to form a sexual assault prevention task force . The episode echoes an incident more than a decade ago that strained relations between the United States and Japan , and similar cases have further fueled resentment of the U.S. military presence . Police in Okinawa said Thursday they were investigating a second reported sexual assault involving an employee of the U.S. Army . It was not clear whether the suspect in the case is a soldier or a civilian employee at the military 's base in Japan . The U.S. Army in Japan said it was aware of the incident but did not give further details . "  We are in full cooperation with host nation authorities , " the Army said in a statement . "  We take this allegation very seriously and the Army does not tolerate sexual assault . " U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill met Thursday with Japan 's foreign minister and expressed regret over the recent incidents . "  I just want to make very clear the great regret that we feel about this , the concern that we feel for the Okinawa people , " Hill said . The U.S. military announced Wednesday that it was restricting the movements of all American troops and their families in Okinawa because of the allegation involving the Japanese girl . The restrictions are in place "  indefinitely " to allow troops and their families to reflect on discipline and conduct , the military said . It means troops and their families can not leave their bases or off-base residences except for work , worship , school or medical needs . Friday 's day of reflection was a more focused part of those restrictions . It was taking part in more than 23 locations on Okinawa and mainland Japan , the military said . "  As a practical matter , we need to reel it in here and make sure we are on our best , best behavior , " said Col. Jeff Newell , commander of the 374th Airlift Wing at Yokota Air Base . Newell spoke to his airmen at the base as part of the day of reflection , speaking about topics like responsible drinking and sexual assault prevention . "  The point we want to make here is the strategic impact of any American serviceman 's behavior when they 're off-base , " Newell said . More than 40,000 U.S. troops are stationed in Japan , most of them on Okinawa . They were placed there under a security alliance after Japan was defeated in World War II . Locals have long complained about crime , noise , and accidents by the U.S. military , but resentment boiled over in 1995 after a 12-year-old Okinawan schoolgirl was gang-raped by three American servicemen . The military observed a similar "  Day of Reflection " after that incident . Women 's rights activist Mina Watanabe said Friday 's day of reflection is just lip service . She said reported sexual assaults committed by U.S. servicemen on Okinawa have continued despite years of promises to prevent them . "  The U.S. military bases in Okinawa and Japan are not welcome , " Watanabe said . "  They do n't protect the safety of the local community . It 's more danger for the community . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	U.S. military observes "  Day of Reflection " amid sexual assault allegations Marine arrested for the alleged rape of a 14-year-old Japanese girl Japanese PM Yasuo Fukuda condemns the incident as "  unforgivable " Separate claim that an employee of the U.S. Army raped a Filipino woman
CNN  President Obama 's new budget includes a mixed bag of tax reforms , including progressive proposals to create a fairer income tax , as well as misguided corporate giveaways . On the individual side , he would increase taxes on the very wealthiest Americans to pay for tax cuts for lower - and middle-income Americans , including limiting tax benefits of itemized deductions for the best-off Americans , scaling back gigantic tax breaks for capital gains and large estates , and ensuring that hedge-fund managers pay their fair share . Each of these steps would reduce glaring inequities in our tax laws that allow the Warren Buffets of the world to pay lower tax rates than their secretaries . On the tax-cutting side , Obama would expand tax credits for child-care and education expenses , boost the earned-income tax credit for childless workers , and give a new tax break to two-earner couples . Critically , these tax cuts would be paid for by the loophole-closers already mentioned . Unfortunately , these sensible proposals are almost certainly dead on arrival in the GOP-led Congress . But on the corporate side , the president 's plans actually have a chance of being taken seriously by congressional Republicans -- possibly because his ideas are more in line with the ideological push for lower corporate tax rates . The president 's plan would impose a one-time 14 % tax on the $ 2 trillion in untaxed income that multinational companies collectively have stashed in tax havens . While 14 % is certainly higher than the single-digit rate companies such as Apple and Microsoft have paid to date on their offshore cash , it 's still a lot less than the 35 % these companies should be paying on their profits , and it 's less than what many other businesses are already dutifully paying . Members of Congress have made similar proposals , including Sens. Barbara Boxer and Rand Paul , who recently proposed taxing foreign profits at 6.5 % . Put another way , the president and lawmakers ' theory on taxing offshore profits appears to be "  getting something is better than nothing . " But we can do better . In the wake of a titanic debate last year over what should happen to the corporate tax rate , Obama 's budget is equally notable for failing to include a comprehensive proposal to eliminate tax giveaways . The President has said that he wants a revenue-neutral corporate tax change that collects the same amount of revenue by lowering the corporate tax rate while eliminating loopholes . But his budget proposal is silent on how to accomplish this goal . The goal of corporate tax reform should be raising more revenue , not the same amount . Measured as a share of the economy , the U.S. corporate tax is lower than almost every other developed nation -- and our corporate tax collections are at nearly their lowest point since World War II . This decline has been driven by rampant tax avoidance by big multinational corporations . Citizens for Tax Justice released a report which found that 111 Fortune 500 corporations have found a way to pay zero corporate income taxes in at least one of the last five years despite being consistently profitable . And more than 70 % of the Fortune 500 companies now have subsidiaries in foreign tax havens . All of which makes it even more absurd that President Obama would reward these tax dodgers with a special low tax rate on their foreign cash hoard . There is some good in the president 's tax reform proposal . In particular , the low-income tax credits will encourage work and pull millions of workers out of poverty . Unfortunately , it is hard to imagine these ideas receiving a real hearing this year . But the President 's plan to lower the corporate tax rate and reward companies that stash their profits offshore with a lower tax rate -- coupled with his budget 's lack of detail on a road map to eliminating corporate loopholes -- signals there is fertile ground for compromise that would fail to achieve a fair and sustainable corporate tax .	Robert McIntyre : Obama 's progressive plans to create a fairer income tax wo n't get through GOP-led Congress But the president 's proposals for corporate tax reform may fly , maybe because they go easy on corporations
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Comedic actor Chris Kattan was charged with driving under the influence after his car slammed into a highway construction truck on a Los Angeles freeway early Monday , a California Highway Patrol spokesman said . Kattan , 43 , suffered a bloody nose in the crash , but no workers were in the truck , Officer Leland Tang said . "  It could have been a lot worse , " Tang said . The former "  Saturday Night Live " cast member failed field sobriety tests and was taken to the Los Angeles Police Department 's Van Nuys precinct to be booked on the DUI charge , he said . It is suspected that he was under the influence of an unknown drug , Tang said . A chemical test conducted by police will help identify the drug , he said . Kattan was driving a black 2011 Mercedes on the Ventura Freeway where a California Department of Transportation crew was working just before 2 a.m. when the accident happened , Tang said . Kattan posted a message to fans on his Twitter account Monday afternoon : "  Those concerned or just adding gossip : I 'm fine , passed all tests , released without bail , have drivers license , cop offered to drive me home " CNN 's Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	NEW : Chris Kattan tweets "  I 'm fine , passed all tests , released without bail " Kattan suffered a bloody nose in the crash , but no workers were in the truck he hit , police say "  It could have been a lot worse , " California Highway Patrol spokesman says The actor is suspected to have been under the influence of an unknown drug
CNN  -- Actress Sharon Stone said in a statement Saturday that she "  could not be more regretful " of her comments this month regarding the earthquake in China , in which she suggested that the quake was an act of "  karma . " Sharon Stone made the controversial remarks before she hosted a charity auction at the Cannes Film Festival . "  Yes , I misspoke , " said the statement released by Stone 's publicist and entitled "  In my own words by Sharon Stone . " "  I could not be more regretful of that mistake . It was unintentional . I apologize . Those words were never meant to be hurtful to anyone , " Stone said . "  They were an accident of my distraction and a product of news sensationalism . " Stone said Saturday that she was issuing the statement to set the record straight about the comments she made to a reporter at the Cannes Film Festival . The statement drew fire from citizens and government officials . "  There have been numerous reports about what I said in Cannes . I would like to set the record straight about what I feel in my heart and end all of the understandings , " she said . "  They 're not being nice to the Dalai Lama , who is a friend of mine , " Stone said on camera at the time , discussing the Chinese . "  And then all of this earthquake and all this happened and I thought , is that karma ? When you 're not nice , that bad things happen to you ? " Qin Gang , spokesman for China 's Foreign Ministry , said Stone "  should do more to promote understanding and friendship between nations . " French fashion house Christian Dior said it would drop Stone from its advertisements in China after her May 22 remarks . "  We absolutely disagree with her hasty comments , and we are also deeply sorry about them , " Dior said in a statement from its Shanghai , China , headquarters . But Stone said she was "  deeply saddened by the pain that this whole situation has caused the victims of the devastating earthquake in China . " As of Friday , the death toll from the May 12 magnitude-7 .9 quake stood at 68,858 , with another 18,618 missing .	Sharon Stone had suggested that deadly earthquake might be karma Actress issues statement "  to set the record straight " regarding remark Stone says comments were product of "  news sensationalism "
CNN  -- In staging their Fourth of July fireworks show , authorities in Ocean City , Maryland , have faced challenges in recent years from Mother Nature . Fireworks light up the sky over Milwaukee , Wisconsin , during the city 's 2008 Fourth of July festivities . In 2005 , thick fog veiled the celebration . Spectators could n't see the detailed patterns and colors of the fiery blasts -- they only saw the clouds and haze get brighter . Thunderstorms erupted the next two years , delaying the show in 2006 and then forcing its cancellation in 2007 . That year , storms brought winds that were just too strong . "  We start taking a hard look at the direction and speed of the wind when it gets to 15 or more knots -LSB- about 17 mph -RSB- , " said Ocean City Fire Marshal Sam Villani . "  At 20 knots , we consult the shooters ... to see if our perimeter is safe for the crowds . Twenty-knot -LSB- 23 mph -RSB- sustained winds would probably be our cutoff . " As millions gather across the United States on Saturday to celebrate America 's birthday with fireworks displays , fire officials will be watching weather forecasts and preparing to make sure revelers are as safe as possible . They often start by banning spectators from a safety zone , or perimeter , around the launch site to protect them from drifting embers that can get as hot as 1,200 degrees Fahrenheit . For that reason , fireworks launches over harbors , rivers and other bodies of water can often be larger in scale . "  For a venue like New York Harbor , it is common for -LSB- launch -RSB- barges to be located on the water , well away from land , " said Guy Colonna , division manager with the National Fire Protection Agency . "  Even if the winds increase , it 's possible ... -LSB- for -RSB- the safety of the display not to be compromised . " Fireworks shows originating on land have stricter standards for the size of the perimeter , depending on wind speed , because spectators are generally closer to the explosives , Colonna said . Strong winds can make safety trickier . According to the Boston Globe , hundreds of people at a 2005 Fourth of July fireworks show in Canton , Massachusetts were accidentally showered with glowing embers when winds shifted about 10 minutes after the event began . High winds can even cancel a fireworks celebration . Rain , however , will not necessarily stop a show , said Philip Butler of Fireworks by Grucci , a Long Island , New York-based fireworks production company that has choreographed shows for presidential inaugurations and the Olympics . Fireworks do n't extinguish in the rain , and as long as operators "  keep the powder dry , " they will explode , Butler said . Moisture can cause them to change colors , though . "  A brilliant blue may appear as a royal blue , " he said . Weather challenges are nothing new for Grucci . In preparing for a large show in Dubai , the production company once faced 105-degree heat and a sandstorm . "  They told us to simply kneel down and cover our heads with our capes and ride it out , " Butler said . Ideal conditions for fireworks are calm winds , comfortable temperatures and clear night skies , Butler said . "  When the sky is black and clear , it 's like a painter 's canvas for us . " Some commonly asked questions about fireworks : Do fireworks still work when it snows ? Yes . For many New Year 's Eve celebrations in cold-weather states , it 's often snowing during fireworks shows . Fireworks production companies say the snow acts as a prism , reflecting and shifting the colors . What 's the biggest danger that spectators face from fireworks ? Statistics show the vast majority of fireworks-related injuries are caused by over-the-counter fireworks instead of burning debris from public fireworks celebrations . The risk of fireworks injury is 2 1/2 times higher for children than for the general population , according to the National Fire Protection Agency . The biggest culprit ? Sparklers . The National Fire Protection Agency advises against using your own fireworks . "  Leave it to the professionals . " For a Fourth of July weather forecast for your area , visit CNN.com / weather .	High winds and rainstorms can pose serious challenges to fireworks shows Severe weather affected fireworks three of past four years in Ocean City , Maryland Winds can cancel a fireworks celebration , although light rain often will not One fireworks company weathered a sandstorm before a show in Dubai
CNN  -- South American soccer officials hope to take their showpiece tournament to the United States in 2016 for a centenary celebration that could have big benefits for all concerned , but this week 's announcement appears to be somewhat premature . CONCACAF , which runs the game in North and Central America and the Caribbean , said talks regarding what would be a historic tournament are still ongoing , though it is open to the possibility of having the likes of superstars Lionel Messi and Neymar parading their skills in front of sellout crowds . World governing body FIFA has also yet to sanction the event -- which would involve 10 South American nations , the U.S. and Mexico plus four other countries from the CONCACAF region -- in the busy international calendar . The Copa America , which has featured guest nations from CONCACAF since 1993 , was last staged in 2011 -- when it was won by Uruguay . The next edition is due to be held in Brazil in 2015 , one year after it hosts the 2014 World Cup , while the CONMEBOL federation hopes to stage an additional Copa in the U.S. 12 months later to mark the ruling body 's 100th year of existence . "  Even though playing the 2016 Copa America in the CONCACAF region with our teams and those from CONMEBOL would be a wonderful experience for all fans , we are still in the midst of talks and negotiations between all parties involved in this decision , " CONCACAF general secretary Enrique Sanz said in a statement . "  This is an idea we are hoping to materialize but we are still evaluating and discussing before it becomes official but the intention is definitely there . " Cape Verde to open Africa Cup of Nations CONCACAF 's continental tournament is the biennial Gold Cup , which Mexico won in the U.S. last year . Mexico and Japan will be guest nations at the 2015 Copa . While the prospect of holding the tournament in the U.S. may have great appeal , Sports Illustrated 's senior soccer writer Grant Wahl expressed concerns over whether FIFA would allow it . "  The U.S. television money for big soccer tournaments is now quite large -- the U.S. rights for 2018 and 2022 World Cups went for a combined $ 1.1 billion , which will probably be the highest rights fee for any nation in the world , " Wahl told CNN . "  There are big questions in terms of will FIFA sanction an event like this and put it on the official calendar ? Will FIFA require clubs to release their players for it ? None of that has been made public in terms of any agreements . " Can Falcao help Atletico Madrid reign in Spain ? The opportunity to compete against teams such as Brazil and Argentina , boasting the likes of Neymar and Messi , is one which Wahl feels could benefit a U.S. team currently playing minor nations such as Panama and Guadeloupe in the Gold Cup . "  The U.S. national team is still trying to improve and the best way to do that is to play meaningful games against good competition , " he said . "  It is hard in the Gold Cup because other than Mexico , there are not many difficult opponents for the U.S. in CONCACAF . "  To be able to have an important competitive tournament between World Cups is really big for U.S. soccer . It puts U.S. soccer in the public eye in the United States more if you have something like that . " Wahl is confident the tournament would be a big hit with U.S. sports fans . "  This would sell out NFL stadiums , " he said . "  Not just for the U.S. team , but for every team involved . Mexico plays more games in the United States than it does in Mexico right now because it can sell out NFL stadiums . "  It is an ongoing process . There is n't one big bang event which will suddenly make soccer as big in the U.S. as it is in Europe and South America . But this has been a pretty steady growth over the last two decades . "  I think it will happen in the end , but you want countries to send their best teams . That 's not a guarantee at this point . "	Announcement that the 2016 Copa America will be in the U.S. yet to be confirmed South American federation plans to move tournament to celebrate its centenary CONCACAF is open to the idea , but insists talks over the proposals are ongoing Soccer expert Grant Wahl suggests the tournament could be lucrative for CONMEBOL
CNN  -- It is an unwritten rule in soccer -- once you nail your colors to the mast you must never even think about switching allegiances . But for one diehard UK football fan , his disillusionment with his beloved club is so great he is offering his support to the highest bidder on eBay . "  With selling history and tradition the latest trend within football , I have decided to get on the bandwagon , " writes lifelong Cardiff City fan Ben Dudley on his eBay page . The straw that broke the camel 's back for Dudley was the decision by the Welsh team 's Malaysian owners to rebrand the club by insisting they play in red rather than their traditional blue to boost their appeal to Asian audiences . So much so that Dudley is willing to trade his dedication to the Bluebirds ' cause to whoever stumps up the most cash in the internet auction , whether it is Premier League champions Manchester City or lowly Ross County in the far north of Scotland . Can PSG 's big bucks buy world football domination ? "  It feels like the club have abandoned their local supporters , " Dudley told CNN . "  While they play in red with a dragon on the badge I 've had my season ticket refunded and I 'm not going to go to anymore games until they 've reversed the branding . "  I believe the board has thrown away the club 's history on a gamble that is not guaranteed to make any money anyway . They do n't understand the idea behind Cardiff being the Bluebirds and playing in blue . Cardiff have played in blue since 1908 . " The rebranding move was met with outrage by supporters of the club , who play in the second tier of the English league , when it was announced last month . Cardiff 's Malaysian owners said the marketing exercise was part of a significant investment package that would help secure the club 's immediate financial future after a debt-laden few years and help broaden their appeal in "  international markets . " The club 's chief executive Alan Whiteley acknowledged it would not be a universally popular plan and Dudley is living proof that resentment is still simmering . "  I 've had a season ticket for the last nine years and I go to most away games as well so it was n't something I have taken lightly , but the thought of watching Cardiff play in red at home was n't something I could live with , " he said . "  When the players come out or we score a goal we all chant ` Bluebirds ' and obviously the bluebird has now been replaced by a dragon . "  The nickname is the Bluebirds but the team will now be playing in red . It will look silly , a stadium of blue seats , fans in blue shirts and a team playing in red . " But after following Cardiff the length and breadth of the country last season , when he watched his team in action 51 times , is he not apprehensive of the distance he might be required to travel to back his new team ? "  It would be a bit of a trek up to Newcastle  some 322 miles away  . I 'm just hoping someone from Sydney FC does n't see it and try to sign me up . "  A non-league team would be good but our local rivals Swansea and Bristol fans ca n't buy me -- anyone apart from that is fine . " The fan is dead , long live the phone ? However , it 's not just Cardiff 's rebranding initiative that has upset Dudley . Aggrieved at the change football has undergone in recent years , with the huge amounts of money sloshing around the game through TV and sponsorship deals leading to exorbitant wages for players and a big increase in foreign owners , Dudley argues the sport is unrecognizable from the game he started to follow as a teenager . "  I was n't around in the 1970s or 1980s but people who knew football at that time would n't be able to recognize the sport now and see the wages players are on . It 's not the sport I loved when I was 14 and started to go to Cardiff games , " he added . "  Fans are n't really the priority in football anymore ; it is all about money and trying to make money from TV deals . I think  the owners  are trying to get a TV deal in Malaysia to show all our games as part of the whole making Cardiff the team of choice for Malaysia . "  They said the color red is marketable in Asia , they think Asian fans and Malaysian fans wo n't care about Cardiff in a blue shirt but if they play in red at home they will suddenly take Cardiff as their team instead of Real Madrid or Barcelona . It does n't seem very likely to me . " Bidding for Dudley 's football soul is currently running at over $ 300 , which has come as something of a shock to him . "  With the price going far beyond anything I had expected , this is now a full charity auction . 50 % will go to Help for Heroes charity and 50 % to the Ty Hafan charity . The only money I will take from this auction is enough to pay the eBay fees . "	Disillusioned football fan offers his support for next season in auction on eBay Ben Dudley switching allegiance from Cardiff City in protest at club 's rebranding exercise Malaysian owners have changed club 's colors from blue to red and changed badge Dudley offering to support the team of whoever makes highest bid for 2012-13 season
Manila  CNN  Manila on a normal day is not easy to manage . Throw in Pope Francis , a mass for six million people and some rain , and you can expect some disorder and confusion . However , what I experienced showed me the better side of what Filipinos and the Philippines can be . Before the Mass , the streets lining the main boulevard where the pope 's motorcades would pass en route to Rizal Park , were already lined thick with people who had arrived by dawn , hoping to catch a glimpse of the pontiff . "  The pope is a human saint -- when we see him our problems go away , " said 35-year-old Evangeline Dion . Rick Felajo , 54 , who had followed the Pope to every event in Manila said that , even if he did not manage to see him personally , he feels he 'd feel "  blessed " just to be near him . "  For me , he is the super Pope because he is very human and helpful . I want to follow his example . And he is the ultimate guide to the path to heaven , " Felajo explained . Ex-street kid weeps as she asks Pope why God lets children suffer When the Popemobile finally drove by , the air was filled with cheers , jubilant screams and applause . Fifteen-year old Brenda Ganabban told me , "  I felt happy , even if just for a moment . I saw him smiling , waving his hands at us . I know he probably wo n't remember but I will remember him . " For a hot and humid country used to heavy tropical rain , standing outside in the elements for hours did n't seem to be a problem . Soaking wet by lunchtime , everyone was still smiling and happy . Joey Stefona , 55 , who had stood in the rain for five hours , explained , "  I feel like it 's shining , it 's really warm . I do n't feel the rain . " The weather also brought out the Filipinos ' innate creativity and resourcefulness ; having listened to the advisory against bringing umbrellas , those who did not have raincoats wore every form of plastic imaginable . People protected their heads with towels , helmets and even shower caps , and bubble wrap and trash bags were fashioned into scarves , hats , shirts and overdresses . Thousands of faithful , having found the main venue packed to capacity , wandered around the carnival-like atmosphere , passing souvenir and snack vendors , and people waving porcelain , wood or ceramic religious figures , in search of somewhere to stand and pray . At times , the massive flow of people pushed me into a crowd moving in two directions at once with enough room to move only inches forward at a time . But despite this , people remained kind and helpful . When I found it impossible to shoot a colleague on video because throngs of people were passing by nonstop , one lady offered to hold my umbrella over the camera , and another volunteered to direct people around us as we filmed . No matter where you looked on nearby Roxas Boulevard , usually a traffic-filled main artery , the spirit in the air was ordered and peaceful . Hundreds of thousands of people lined up calmly behind police barricades before , during and after the Mass , showing a patience and humility that made me proud . They were here , united in purpose , because they believed , and faith knows no clock . From the altar , surrounded by screens , the Pope told the massive congregation that God "  created the world as a beautiful garden and asked us to care for it . " Though , he said , through sin , "  man has also destroyed the unity and beauty of our human family , creating social structures which perpetuate poverty , ignorance and corruption . " The people around me said they hoped the Pope 's visit would start to heal what one lady described as the "  illness of the country . " Lucy Ripalda , a high school teacher said , "  Our government officials should have the integrity and the wisdom to govern our country well without corruption without taking advantage of small people , the simple people . " Seaman Joey Stefona , 55 , proudly carrying a carved "  Santo Nino " icon in his arm , offered another prayer . "  I hope he can help with poverty , those who are having a hard time . They need jobs , better living conditions , and a better future for our children . " As the majestic sound of the church singing echoed through the streets , I looked at the silent faces of those bowing their heads in contemplation . I could not but feel a sense of unity in the moment . Rodolfo Gannabran , a 65-year old retired Army officer who traveled 13 hours by bus to see the Pope , said : "  Today I feel there is peace and tranquility among Filipino people or any other race present here at this moment . I feel so happy . It should be carried on . "	Around six million Catholics crowd Manila streets to glimpse the Pope Spirits were high as followers sheltered from rain in plastic hats , coats Pope Francis ends his five-day trip to the Philippines on Monday
CNN  -- In the tense standoff between a Maine nurse and state officials , it was a surreal scene . Nurse Kaci Hickox , who recently returned to the United States after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone , went on a bike ride with her boyfriend Thursday -- followed by a police cruiser and a throng of journalists watching their every move . Her lawyer called the ride "  a good way to exercise her right . " Hickox told reporters she "  just wanted to enjoy this beautiful day . " Hours later , Gov. Paul LePage said negotiations with Hickox over where she could go had failed , adding that he would "  exercise the full extent of his authority allowable by law " to keep her away from public places . "  I do n't want her within three feet of anybody , " LePage told CNN affiliate WCSH . "  Right now , she can come out of the house if she wants , but we ca n't protect her when she does that . The reason there 's a police car there when she does that is to protect her more than anybody . 'Cause the last thing I want is for her to get hurt , " he said . "  But at the same token , her behavior is really riling a lot of people up , and I can only do what I can do . And we 're trying to protect her , but she 's not acting as smart as she probably should . " The state has made it clear it 's going to do something . But what ? "  The first thing the governor has to do , which he has not yet done , is get a court order which requires her to stay in quarantine , " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  There is no court order now . She 's not violating anything by taking a bike ride or leaving her house . " There 's no guarantee the governor will be able to get a court order , Toobin said , "  because , according to the science , she is not in a communicable situation . " It 's unclear what the exact sticking point has been in negotiations between the state and the nurse . At first , Maine officials said they wanted Hickox to remain at home for 21 days -- the deadly virus ' incubation period . Since then , they 've said they want Hickox -- who has twice tested negative for Ebola and says she feels healthy -- to avoid public places such as stores during that time . She 's about halfway there ; the incubation period , in her case , is set to end the second week in November . "  I 'm just asking her to be reasonable , " LePage told WCSH . "  Let 's get to November 10 , and then you can do whatever you would like . " Attorney : Nurse was making a point with bike ride Hickox has said it 's state officials who are n't being reasonable . She contends the U.S. Constitution and science are on her side . "  I 'm fighting for something much more than myself , " she said Wednesday after emerging from the home where she had been staying . "  There are so many aid workers coming back . It scares me to think how they 're going to be treated and how they 're going to feel . " Hickox has said she 's willing to compromise with the state , and that she 's open to travel restrictions barring her from public transportation and limiting her to Fort Kent , a town of 4,000 on the Canadian border . "  So I think there are things that , I know , work , " she said . "  And I know all aid workers are willing to do those things . But I 'm not willing to stand here and let my civil rights be violated when it 's not science-based . " One of her attorneys , Norm Siegel , told CNN that the couple went for the bike ride to make a point : She could be out in public "  without freaking everyone out . " "  You can take a bike ride , be in the public and not actually interact with people , " Siegel said . "  We thought this was a good way to exercise her right . We did n't want anyone in the town to be scared , even though the fear is based in misinformation . " What could be next ? When she returned from a month working with Doctors Without Borders in Sierra Leone last week , Hickox had a temperature at an airport in Newark , New Jersey , officials said . She was put into an isolation tent .	Negotiations in Maine over nurse have failed , governor says Kaci Hickox and her boyfriend leave a Fort Kent home on bikes , return about an hour later Hickox says science and U.S. Constitution on her side
CNN  -- Eric Holder , who resigned Thursday , kicked off his stormy tenure as attorney general with a challenge to the American public that set the tone for his six turbulent years as the nation 's top law-enforcement officer . "  Though this nation has proudly thought of itself as an ethnic melting pot , in things racial we have always been and continue to be , in too many ways , essentially a nation of cowards , " said Holder in his first public speech after being sworn in . When the remark drew an uproar from conservatives , Holder shrugged and doubled down . "  I would n't walk away from that speech , " Holder told ABC News . "  I think we are still a nation that is too afraid to confront racial issues , " rarely engaging "  one another across the color line -LSB- to -RSB- talk about racial issues . " And true to form , Holder -- a tall man who carries himself with the relaxed , quiet confidence of a corporate attorney -- seldom backed down from a confrontation , on racial justice or other issues . He pressed Credit Suisse , and the Swiss bank eventually paid over $ 2.6 billion to settle claims it was illegally helping wealthy Americans avoid paying taxes . Holder took the lead in pushing banks and other financial companies involved in the mortgage crisis to pay $ 25 billion to federal and state governments , a record civil settlement . And Holder famously sparred with members of Congress such as Darrell Issa and Louie Gohmert as the television cameras rolled . In one heated exchange at a Judiciary Committee hearing in 2013 , Issa and Holder talked over each other , with the attorney general concluding , "  That is inappropriate and is too consistent with the way in which you conduct yourself as a member of Congress . It 's unacceptable , and it 's shameful . " In another back-and-forth , Holder trash-talked Gohmert with lines that could have been taken from a comedy routine . "  You do n't want to go there , buddy . You do n't want to go there , OK ? " While the history books will note Holder was the first African-American attorney general , a more relevant biographical fact might be his status as possibly the first attorney general who , as a college student protester , occupied a campus building : In 1969 , as a freshman at Columbia University , Holder was part of a group of black students that took over a former naval ROTC office for five days , demanding that it be renamed the Malcolm X Lounge .  In a sign of the times , the university complied . Echoes of Holder 's activist history could be heard years later , in the middle of a high-stakes battle with leaders of several Southern states over voter-ID laws and other rules changes that Holder deemed at attack on black voting rights . "  People should understand that there 's steel here , and I am resolved to oppose any attempts to try to roll back the clock , " Holder told CNN 's Jeffrey Toobin in an article for The New Yorker . Not all of Holder 's crusades have worked out well . The Supreme Court , despite Holder 's efforts , voted to strike down key provisions of the Voting Rights Act , and conservative senators blocked Debo Adegbile , Holder 's preferred choice to run the Civil Rights division of the Justice Department . The attorney general has launched or joined legal battles against restrictions on voting rights in Ohio , Wisconsin , Texas and North Carolina , but it 's unclear whether those efforts will end up back at the same Supreme Court that weakened the original law . In 2012 , House Republicans voted to hold the attorney general in contempt of Congress for stonewalling on information requests in the bungled Fast and Furious gun-smuggling operation in which 2,000 weapons went missing . It was the first time in U.S. history that a sitting Cabinet member was given such a severe sanction .  The case will continue after Holder 's resignation , although his successor will inherit the fallout , not Holder personally . But history will surely judge Holder a success at broadly expanding access to justice for groups seeking acceptance and fairness . He announced the federal government would no longer defend laws banning same-sex marriage and told state attorneys general they could do the same . And Holder made good on his initial commitment to change the conversation on race . He traveled to Ferguson , Missouri , and assigned dozens of Justice Department personnel to investigate law enforcement practices after the police killing of Michael Brown triggered street riots . He has also called for voting rights to be restored to formerly incarcerated Americans , and pressed for a reduction in the prosecution of low-level marijuana users . For one clue about how history will regard Holder , go back to 2009 . In the effort to battle terrorism , Holder called for five accused terrorist suspected of participating in the 9/11 attacks to be tried in federal courts in New York -- only to see the proposal scuttled after a political uproar . "  We need not cower in the face of this enemy , " Holder told skeptical members of the Senate . They did n't buy the argument , but it was classic Holder : Once again , the battler leaping into the arena and daring others to summon the nerve to fight alongside him .	Errol Louis : Eric Holder , who has resigned , had bold stormy tenure from start as AG Louis : Holder took heat for saying nation cowardly on racial issues . Stood by remarks He confronted banks , won tax case settlements , sparred with Issa , fought voter ID laws Louis : He was first AG House held in contempt . He was a fighter , dared others to join him
CNET  -- Coulomb Technologies on Wednesday said it will build 4,600 electric vehicle charging stations in nine regions of the U.S. , funded by $ 37 million in grants . More than half of the charging stations in the program called ChargePoint America will go in public locations , such as overnight parking spaces , offices , or retail locations . About 2,000 going into people 's homes as part of the purchase of an electric vehicle . The goal of the charging network and others like it is to make electric vehicles more accessible to consumers , as these cars come to market in the coming months , said Richard Lowenthal , the CEO of Campbell , California-based Coulomb Technologies during a press conference . The program differs from other electric vehicle charging networks in that Coulomb is working with Ford Motor , General Motors , and Smart USA on the roll out , Lowenthal said . Ford will release an electric Transit Connect utility van and electric Ford Focus sedan in 2011 , GM plans to release the Volt by November , and the electric Smart fortwo will begin pilot testing in the U.S. by 2011 . The stations themselves will be equipped with 220-volt service at either 16 or 30 amps , which enables faster charging than regular home electrical service . Lowenthal said that an electric car with a large battery could charge from empty in under four hours . Drivers will be able to find available charging stations using either an iPhone or Blackberry application , which can also send alerts if a car battery is running low or if a connected car is unplugged . The system includes software for station owners to set billing rates . Regions are considering cheaper off-peak rates to encourage drivers to charge overnight . Utilities can see available energy electric vehicles or run demand-response programs to slow charging rates during peak times if needed . "  Our stations are unique in that they are all networked . That allows them to support a bunch of software applications which are important to different constituents , " Lownenthal said , adding that installation will begin immediately and continue for 18 months . The nine regions are : the Bellevue and Redmond , Washington area ; Sacramento , Calif. ; the San Francisco and San Jose , California . region ; Los Angeles ; Orlando , Florida ; Washington D.C. ; New York City ; Austin , Texas ; and Detroit , Michigan . Of the total in grants , $ 15 million will come from the Department of Energy as part of the stimulus act and another $ 22 million will come from other sources , Lowenthal said . As part of project , Coulomb will gather data on driver usage patterns and report it to the Department of Energy until October 2013 . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Company to build 4,600 electric vehicle charging stations in nine regions of the U.S. More than half in the ChargePoint America program will go in public locations Of the total in grants , $ 15 million will come from the Department of Energy
Stressful questioning by lawyers about "  Partridge Family " profits apparently drove David Cassidy to drink , leading to his third drunken driving arrest in three years , his manager said Monday . "  David just completed a stint in rehab and was doing very well in sobriety , " manager Jo-Ann Geffen said . The former teen idol will return to an undisclosed facility to resume his alcohol rehab in the wake of Friday night 's arrest , Geffen said . "  He was in Los Angeles to attend depositions by Sony Pictures Television , respondents in a lawsuit filed by Cassidy in 2011 over what he claims are monies long due him from ` Partridge Family ' merchandise , home video , etc. , " she said . "  After attending his and his manager 's depositions , it appears as if the pressure led to a brief relapse . " Cassidy , 63 , was on his way to the Los Angeles airport "  to return to his home in Florida and to transitional rehabilitation " when he was stopped by a California Highway Patrol officer , she said . The singer-actor blew .19 -- twice the legal level -- on an alcohol test administered by the officer who stopped his rented Chevrolet Impala , according to a California Highway Patrol statement on Saturday . The former star of the TV series "  The Partridge Family " was booked in a Los Angeles jail on a driving under the influence of alcohol charge early Saturday , the statement said . Jail records show he was freed on $ 15,000 bond several hours later . "  Cassidy was observed making a right turn on a red light , in violation of a black and white regulatory sign indicating ` No Right Turn On Red , ' " the California Highway Patrol said . The traffic stop happened off the 405 Freeway , near the Los Angeles International Airport . The officer noticed "  the odor of an alcoholic beverage was emitting from the vehicle " when he approached Cassidy , who was alone in the car , the release said . Cassidy was arrested on a drunken driving charge in Schodack , New York , in August after he failed to dim his car 's headlights at a police checkpoint , according to the police report . He blew a .10 in the Breathalyzer device , the report said . The legal blood alcohol limit is .08 in New York . That case is still pending . Cassidy , who lives in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , entered a no contest plea as a first-time offender in February 2011 to a drunken driving charge that followed a November 2010 arrest in Florida . He was sentenced to a year 's probation and his driver 's license was suspended for six months for that conviction . He also attended a DUI school , paid a $ 500 fine and served 50 hours of community service . On the TV series , Cassidy played the eldest of five children of a widowed mother  Shirley Jones , who was then Cassidy 's real-life stepmother  . The family , all musicians , traveled to gigs in a repainted school bus . When the show was canceled after four seasons , Cassidy launched his own pop music career , filling concert halls with screaming teenage girls attracted to such hits as "  I Think I Love You . "	"  David just completed a stint in rehab and was doing very well in sobriety , " rep says He relapsed after stressful questioning by lawyers , manager says "  It appears as if the pressure led to a brief relapse , " she says Friday 's drunken driving arrest was the singer-actor 's third in three years
CNN  California has reported more measles cases . The number of cases has increased to 73 , with 50 of those cases linked to an outbreak at Disneyland , the California Department of Public Health reported Monday . Last week , public health officials reported 59 cases since December ; 42 with a Disney connection . In addition , 13 cases linked to the outbreak have been reported in six other U.S. states : five in Arizona , three in Utah , two in Washington , and one each in Nebraska , Oregon and Colorado . Also , one case linked to it has been reported in Mexico . The disease outbreak apparently surfaced when visitors reported coming down with measles after visiting the park from December 15 to December 20 . At least five Disney employees have been diagnosed with measles , Disney said . Measles is a highly communicable respiratory disease caused by a virus and spread through the air , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Measles starts with a fever , runny nose , cough , red eyes and sore throat , the CDC said . Dr. Gil Chavez , deputy director of the state 's Center for Infectious Diseases , recommended that children under 12 months and people who 've never had a measles vaccination stay away from the park while the disease event continues . He made the same recommendation for other places where large numbers of people congregate , such as airports and shopping malls . However , Chavez said Disneyland would be "  perfectly safe " if you 've been immunized . Opinion : Heed the lesson from Disneyland measles outbreak When asked for a comment , Suzi Brown of Disney media relations said , "  We agree with Dr. Chavez 's comments that it is safe to visit Disneyland if you have been vaccinated . " For the most part , measles spreads among those who have not been vaccinated against the virus . The California Department of Public Health said Orange County had the most measles cases , with 23 , followed by San Diego County , with 13 . 5 things to know about measles	The number of measles cases in California has grown to 73 , Health Department says 50 of those cases have been linked to Disneyland , it says
CNN  -- A buzz ripples through the packed stadium as word quickly spreads : "  He 's here . " The jostling crowd surges forward , camera phones held high to catch a glimpse of the superstar flanked by a dense entourage . But it 's not an A-list actor or musician throwing the fans into a frenzy . Instead , a four-year-old horse called Frankel is about to make history by winning his 14th -- and final -- consecutive race . A sold-out crowd of 32,500 people watched Frankel win Champions Day at Ascot in October -- the highest number for an autumn flat racing event in Britain . It 's a testament to the popularity of the celebrity colt who , much like Madonna , Prince or Beyonce , needs no last name . But it 's also an indication of just how far horse racing has come in 2012 . Changing perceptions It 's the second biggest spectator sport in Britain after football , with around 6 million people heading to the track every year . But the pomp and pageantry of racing -- think silly hats , freeflowing champagne and manicured gardens -- means that the general public has long viewed it as a fun day out , rather than a competitive sport . This year however , racing attracted a new audience who knew the names of horses , recognized industry heavyweights and understood the importance of big competitions . "  Probably the most amazing moment of the year was Frankel winning the Champion Stakes . You had 32,000 people all on their feet , cheering him on , it was just the most emotional moment , " Simon Bazalgette , chief executive of The Jockey Club , said of the horse 's last race . "  It 's a bit of an eccentric world , horse racing . But once you understand the theater of it , once you know the big names , it becomes so much more enjoyable . " Rise of the celebrity horse A lot of the hype was due to celebrity horses such as Frankel and Australia 's Black Caviar , who remains unbeaten in 22 consecutive races and even appeared on the front cover of Vogue . These were champions of a caliber rarely seen in one generation , let alone competing at the peaks of their careers in the same year . In a new digital age , their fame was carefully cultivated . Marketing teams set up Twitter accounts , Facebook profiles , and pedaled merchandise online . And it seemed to work . Attendance at races starring Frankel were up 20 % on last year . Similarly , a small army of Black Caviar fans -- draped in the horse 's native Australian flag or salmon pink silks -- cheered on the mare to victory at the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee Stakes at Royal Ascot in June . However , the overall figure of 280,000 for all five days was down 14,000 from last year . Meanwhile , a record 130,000 punters attended the prestigious Epsom Derby in July , which launched Queen Elizabeth 's official jubilee celebrations , making it the largest sports crowd in Britain in 2012 . More people were also watching horse racing on TV , with 11 million tuning in to Britain 's biggest competition , The Grand National -- up 2 million on last year . Dettori 's shame However , it was n't a flawless year for racing . The sport 's poster boy , Italian jockey Frankie Dettori , was given a six-month ban earlier this month after failing a drugs test in France . The three-time champion , who earlier announced the end of his long tenure with the Godolphin stable , said it was not a performance-enhancing substance . "  He 's admitted it was a moment of madness , " Bazalgette said . "  It 's a shame . He 's an important face in horse racing . " "  When it comes to talking to the media , jockeys are a bit of a challenge . These guys are living and breathing the sport , putting in a huge number of hours . They can be difficult to pin down . " Far better recognized were celebrity owners such as TV entertainers Ant and Dec , actress Judi Dench and Britain 's Queen Elizabeth . Frankel 's trainer Henry Cecil , who is battling cancer , was also "  hugely loved , " Bazalgette added . Ladies ' Day One jockey not shying away from the camera this year was Canadian Chantal Sutherland . The 36-year-old made history after becoming the first woman to compete in the world 's richest horse race , the $ 10 million Dubai World Cup , in March . But the model perhaps garnered more attention off the track for her naked photoshoot on a horse in Vanity Fair in June . Sutherland , who did much to raise the profile of female jockeys in a traditionally male-dominated sport , retired in October . Not just a pretty face , she had more than 900 wins in a career spanning 12 years . A weighty issue Sutherland said she was now looking forward to "  cutting loose and having a cheeseburger or some pizza . " "  Those types of indulgences are not allowed when you constantly have to monitor your weight , " she added . Jockeys are put under enormous pressure to meet miniature weight requirements , with sweat suits , saunas , hot baths and starvation are some of the methods used to keep trim . But some relief is in sight -- albeit slight -- after the British Horseracing Authority last month raised the minimum weight by two pounds to 8 stone  50 kg  , from January next year . International highlights Across the Atlantic , the winner of the United States ' premier race , the Kentucky Derby , was denied the chance of a Triple Crown after being forced to retire ahead of the Belmont Stakes . I 'll Have Another developed a foreleg injury that trainer Doug O'Neill described as "  freakish . " The three-year-old had been seeking to be the first horse in 34 years to win the treble , having triumphed at the 138th Kentucky showpiece in May and then the Preakness Stakes . Racing authorities also confirmed that the legendary Secretariat set a record time in winning the 1973 Preakness event , ending a controversy that had lasted almost four decades . In Australia , the Melbourne Cup was won by a home horse for the first time since 2009 as Green Moon headed off a strong field of "  international invaders . " France 's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe was won by four-year-old filly Solemia , who denied Japan 's Orfevre in his bid to become the first non-European trained victor . Danedream was unable to defend her title due to an outbreak of equine infectious anaemia at the racing yard in the German city of Cologne where she is trained . Dubai 's ruler Sheikh Mohammed celebrated as Mikael Barzalona rode Monterosso to victory in the the emirate 's World Cup in April , but the result was somewhat overshadowed by the death of another Godolphin horse , Fox Hunt , in the inaugural Gold Cup held earlier in the meeting . Weathering the storm The biggest challenge for the UK racing industry this year ? The great British weather -- which forced the cancellation of 119 races up to the start of December . "  After the Diamond Jubilee weekend it did n't stop raining until the end of July , " Bazalgette said . "  There was a good six weeks when we lost meetings . " Whatever the weather , the outlook looks bright for horse racing in 2013 .	2012 is a big year in horse racing as 6 million people head to the track Rise of celebrity horses Frankel and Black Caviar helps create buzz Female jockey Chantal Sutherland in naked photoshoot before retiring Biggest challenge is British weather , with 119 races canceled
CNN  -- The entire world , it seems , is angry at America . Allegations of electronic spying by the U.S. National Security Agency have reached far and wide . People everywhere -- friends and foes -- feel the American government breathing behind them , its eyes burning just over their shoulder . As America 's European allies gather to discuss how to respond to the latest news of U.S. spying , it is clear the time has come for Washington to take much more meaningful action to address the allegations . The fallout over electronic spying has becoming serious and costly . Already Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff canceled a trip to Washington -- even after President Barack Obama personally appealed to her -- in protest after reports of eavesdropping . The continuing drip of revelations from Edward Snowden , the former NSA contractor who fled the United States with a trove of secret information about America 's intelligence practices , has become more than an irritant and distraction . When news is made public that the United States has been listening in , recording , saving information without authorization , governments are under pressure to respond . Relations are harmed . The price can easily exceed the benefits . It is time to rethink the decision-making process in America 's gigantic electronic surveillance structure and to become more selective about how the United States will use its surveillance resources and manpower . First , though , it 's worth noting that the United States is not the first or the only country to engage in massive spying . The practice is older than the Bible , which tells many a tale of surreptitious intelligence gathering . The ancient Chinese , Greek and Romans engaged in spying , and today practically every country does it . But spying technology has changed the landscape . It 's now possible to gather almost unlimited amounts of information about practically everyone on Earth . At the same time , technology has also made it possible for just one well-positioned person to unveil all the virtual microphones to the world . That means intelligence gathering is easier and cheaper than ever . But it also means there 's a greater chance of getting caught . This has n't stopped intelligence chiefs the world over from forging ahead with data collection . Spy masters in many capitals are shifting uncomfortably in their chairs , hearing their government and their nation 's citizens complain about U.S. spying that looks a lot like what they do . In the Netherlands , a government report last year said one in every 1,000 phones in the country is tapped by the government . The point of the official Dutch report was to complain that phone tapping is an inefficient and antiquated method . A few days ago , the French daily Le Monde published a detailed account of American eavesdropping in France . The French people were indignant . The response from the government was more muted . The reason is simple : French intelligence does pretty much the same thing the NSA does , engaging in large scale "  metadata " collection . In fact , Le Monde a few months ago revealed the French General Directorate for External Security has been collecting massive amounts of private information . "  The entirety of our communications are being spied on , " said the newspaper . "  All of our e-mail messages , SMS messages , itemized phone bills and connections to Facebook and Twitter are then stored for years . " Sound familiar ? That 's exactly what Snowden 's first accounts revealed the United States as doing . We had suspected it . Many people found it only normal and not particularly disturbing . Others felt deeply violated . Others still were unsure : The government must protect the country , and that means spying . But how far is too far ? The NSA spying is driven by security concerns . It is a matter of national defense . Other countries have spied for security but also to gain an advantage in business or against domestic political challenges . Britain is defending itself against charges that it spied on Belgian firms . Canada has apologized to Brazil for spying on Brazilian companies . And Brazilian intelligence has engaged in spying for domestic political reasons . Spy chiefs are , more than anything , envious at the scale of surveillance the NSA has developed . This takes us back to a truth learned in childhood : The fact that everyone does it , or that so many do it , does not make it right . Personal privacy has been steadily disappearing -- a deeply unsettling trend . But just because we seem to be moving inexorably in that direction , it does n't mean we should n't stop , review and decide if we should take action to stop it . There is no question that the United States faces very real security threats , and some spying is necessary and justified . The question is who should the government be allowed to target in its invasion of privacy , and who should make that decision ? The existing system is far too lax . The latest reports allege that U.S. spying reached into the activities of America 's allies , including German Chancellor Angela . Merkel called Obama , who denied the accusations , saying the United States "  is not monitoring and will not monitor " her communications . But the reason spying charges are the main topic of discussion at the summit of European Union leaders -- America 's allies -- is that Washington is not addressing the substance of the complaints . Personal assurances by Obama are not enough . The solution is not an apology but a change in current practices . As a starting point for rethinking the process , I suggest the establishment of an intelligence and privacy board , a group made up of individuals with strong knowledge of national defense , security , ethics , privacy and diplomacy . Let them , under strict clearance , review the decision-making process . What should America collect ? Who should be targeted , what should be saved ? When does the benefit outweigh the risk ? If you leave the question to the spies , they will choose to record it all , to save it all . That 's too easy , and it 's too dangerous . Not surprisingly , it leaves everyone angry at America . Even if everybody else does it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Allies and enemies alike upset about extent of U.S. spying program She says cost in hurt relations may exceed benefits , and spying should be more selective She says many other nations also spy and are even envious of U.S. program Ghitis : U.S. needs intelligence and privacy board with experts to review spy process
Washington  CNN  -- Ten years ago this week , under orders from Gen. Eric Shinseki , then Army Chief of Staff , the black beret became standard gear in the U.S. Army . It was the start of a pitched battle within the Army that would soon find itself fighting two hot wars . Now , just shy of the anniversary , Gen. Martin Dempsey , the current Army chief of staff , has replaced the black beret with the patrol cap as the default headgear for soldiers wearing Army combat uniforms , what most of us would call their camouflage fatigues . A patrol cap is like a camouflage baseball cap with a flat top rather than a rounded crown  think Pittsburgh Pirates circa 1979 . "  It 's fantastic , " one soldier at the Pentagon said when CNN asked about the change . "  Awesome , " wrote a soldier on the Army 's official Facebook page . "  Sanity has prevailed . " For years , soldiers have complained the wool beret was hot , hard to adjust and took two hands to put on . Others said it looked out of place in combination with the uniform soldiers wore when doing their grubbiest work . But even before Shinseki 's order , the idea of having the entire Army wear berets was met with anger by the soldiers already wearing berets , like Special Forces , Airborne troops and especially the Army Rangers . Special Forces , known better as the Green Berets , considered the beret as a symbol of their becoming members of an elite group of soldiers . As did Airborne troops with their maroon berets and the Rangers who had been wearing black berets since at least 1979 . Many of these elite soldiers felt that having every soldier wear a beret diminished the work and training they 'd gone through to earn their berets . "  Originally the black beret was a Ranger tradition , " said Butch Nery , president of the U.S. Army Ranger Association . "  Now I 've gotten used to the tan beret . " "  My initial reaction to the decision to make the black beret the official headgear of the Army was one of anger and disappointment , " Retired Army Major Richard Jones wrote in an official Army Internet post about the beret . At first , he tried to have the decision reversed before eventually getting on board . This latest change means the Special Forces and Airborne troops will keep their green and maroon berets , and the Rangers will stick with the tan berets that they switched to 10 years ago . If it strikes you that the Army is spending a lot of time and money worrying about hats , well not so . First off , the Army does n't wear hats , it wears headgear or covers . More importantly , the Army says this move will soon save taxpayers about $ 6.5 million . The savings will come because most soldiers were being issued two berets and two patrol caps . Now they 'll be issued just one beret and two patrol caps . The beret wo n't go away ; it will still be the standard head gear for soldiers wearing their Army Service Uniform  ASU  , a dress uniform for more formal events . Even some of those who opposed wearing the beret in the field posted on Facebook that they liked keeping the beret for those occasions . "  Glad you 're still holding onto the beret for certain things , looks great with the ASU ! " one soldier posted .	The Army 's black beret is being replaced with the patrol cap "  Sanity has prevailed , " says one soldier Some soldiers say the beret is hot , hard to adjust and takes two hands to put on
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The "  Sons of Anarchy " actor suspected of killing his landlord before falling to his death on Wednesday had drug issues , mental health problems and was a threat , his probation report said last spring . The May 17 report says that Johnny Lewis , 28 , "  suffers from some form of chemical dependency , mental health issue and a lack of permanent housing . Given this ,  Lewis  will continue to be a threat to any community he may reside . " Police are seeking to understand what may have sparked the rampage that led to the death of Katherine Davis , 81 . She died from "  blunt head trauma and strangulation , " according to preliminary findings from the autopsy conducted Thursday , the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office said . Lewis was arrested twice in February on burglary and battery charges in Santa Monica , according to records obtained by CNN . But Lewis ' lawyer , Jonathan Mandel , said Friday that he had not considered his client a threat to anyone . "  The behavior with me was fine , " he said . "  What was known in May about Johnny was that he had two fairly minor offenses -- which were , fortunately , not serious . And he did have a diagnosis , eventually , of chemically induced psychosis . " Mandel , who first represented Lewis in April , said he never would have predicted Lewis ' involvement in a killing and had not suspected he was taking drugs . "  From April until August or September , he was probably using no drugs at all , " he said . "  He was incarcerated for a couple of months and then he went to a treatment facility . " Though Lewis did appear , at times , to be delusional , "  I never got the sense , when I was representing him , that he was an addict . I did think that he had severe mental problems . " Police suspect drugs may have been involved , but "  we do n't have any hard evidence that says he was on anything right now , " LAPD Commander Andrew Smith said Thursday . Toxicology findings from the autopsy are not expected to be completed for at least a month . No one saw what happened inside the house where Davis , the homeowner , was found beaten to death , Smith said . Two men -- the owner of the house next door and a painter -- say Lewis attacked them before he fell to his death . Other neighbors told police they heard a woman 's screams and glass breaking , Smith said . The home is in the Los Feliz neighborhood near Griffith Park , on the eastern edge of the Hollywood district of Los Angeles . An officer responding to a neighbor 's 911 call found Lewis dead in the driveway , Smith said Thursday . The house "  appeared to have been ransacked , " he said . Davis ' body was found on the second floor of the three-level house , with her dead cat nearby , police said . Davis , who had lived in the home for decades , "  typically rented to people in the movie industry -- writers and actors -- and they would come up here because it 's a wonderful , quiet neighborhood , " Smith said . Lewis had lived in the home , located on a winding , narrow residential street on the eastern edge of Hollywood , for about two weeks , Smith said . He played Kip "  Half Sack " Epps in 26 episodes during the first two seasons of "  Sons of Anarchy " on the FX Network , according to the Internet Movie Database . His character was killed in the finale of season two . "  Sons " creator Kurt Sutter , in a Twitter posting Thursday , called Lewis ' death "  a tragic end for an extremely talented guy , who unfortunately had lost his way . " "  I wish I could say that I was shocked by the events last night , but I was not , " Sutter 's tweet said . "  I am deeply sorry that an innocent life had to be thrown into his destructive path . Yes , it 's day of mourning , but it 's also a day of awareness and gratitude . Sadly , some of us carry the message by dying . " Sutter told TV writer Alan Sepinwall in an interview published in December 2009 that "  Johnny was n't happy on the show . " "  Creatively , he really wanted out of his contract , " Sutter told Sepinwell . "  We had ongoing conversations , and we decided we 'd find some noble way for him to go . " Lewis played Dennis "  Chili " Childress in nine episodes of "  The O.C. " in 2005 and 2006 , according to IMDb.com . His last work was in an independent movie , "  186 Dollars to Get Out , " scheduled for release this month , the IMDb.com listings said . Lewis , whose full name is Jonathan Kendrick Lewis , was born and raised in Los Angeles . He held dual U.S. and Canadian citizenship , according to his IMDb biography . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Alan Duke and Erin Burnett contributed to this report .	The report says Lewis suffered chemical dependency and mental health issues Police are seeking to determine what sparked the rampage that led to landlord 's killing Lawyer says his client was diagnosed with chemically induced psychosis
CNN  The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to India 's Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistan 's Malala Yousafzai for their struggles against the suppression of children and for young people 's rights , including the right to education . Thorbjorn Jagland , chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee , said , "  Children must go to school , not be financially exploited . " Yousafzai came to global attention after she was shot in the head by the Taliban -- two years ago Thursday -- for her efforts to promote education for girls in Pakistan . Since then , after recovering from surgery , she has taken her campaign to the world stage , notably with a speech last year at the United Nations . Through her heroic struggle , Yousafzai has become a leading spokeswoman for girls ' rights to education , said Jagland . According to the Nobel committee , at 17 she 's the youngest ever peace prize winner . Yousafzai said that the award is a "  great honor for me , " and that she 's honored to share it with Satyarthi . "  I 'm proud that I 'm the first Pakistani and the first young woman or the first young person getting this award , " she said in Birmingham , England . Yousafzai learned she won the award while she was in chemistry class in England on Friday morning , she said . She was n't expecting to get the award , and at 10:15 a.m. , she was sure she had n't won . But soon afterward , a teacher called her over and told her she had . Yousafzai said she continued to attend classes , and it was a "  normal day , " besides teachers and fellow students congratulating her . She said she does n't believe that she deserved the award but considers it an encouragement to continue her campaign and "  to know that I 'm not alone , " Yousafzai told reporters . New beginnings Her award will not mark the end of her campaign to advocate for girls ' education , she said . "  I think this is really the beginning , " she said , adding that children around the world "  should stand up for their rights " and "  not wait for someone else . " Yousafzai spoke with Satyarthi by phone Friday , and they agreed to work together to advocate that every child is able to go to school . She said they also decided to try to build a stronger relationship between their countries , which are longtime rivals . She said she wants the Prime Ministers of India and Pakistan to attend the December ceremony where she and Satyarthi will receive their awards . Peace between the two nations , Yousafzai said , is important for their progress . Awarding the Peace Prize to a Pakistani Muslim and an Indian Hindu "  gives a message to people of love between Pakistan and India , and between different religions , " Yousafzai said . The decision sends a message that all people , regardless of language and religion , should fight for the rights of women , children and every human being . The Malala Fund , set up to promote girls ' education , said via Twitter that Yousafzai called the prize "  an encouragement for me to go forward . It means we are standing together to ensure all children get quality education . " Committee commends Satyarthi 's courage Meanwhile , Satyarthi , age 60 , has shown great personal courage in heading peaceful demonstrations focusing on the grave exploitation of children for financial gain , the committee said . Satyarthi told reporters that the award was about many more people than him -- and that credit should go to all those "  sacrificing their time and their lives for the cause of child rights " and fighting child slavery . "  It is a great honor for all those children who are deprived of their childhood globally , " he said . "  It 's an honor to all my fellow Indians who have got this honor -- it 's not just an honor for me , it 's an honor for all those fighting against child labor globally . " ` She has made her countrymen proud ' Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif congratulated Yousafzai . "  She is  the  pride of Pakistan , she has made her countrymen proud , " he is quoted as saying in a statement . "  Her achievement is unparalleled and unequaled . "  Girls and boys of the world should take lead from her struggle and commitment . " His Indian counterpart , Narendra Modi , congratulated both Nobel laureates via Twitter . "  Kailash Satyarthi has devoted his life to a cause that is extremely relevant to entire humankind . I salute his determined efforts , " he said , adding that "  Malala Yousafzai 's life is a journey of immense grit  and  courage . " A spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , formally known as Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan , via email called Yousafzai a "  beloved servant " of "  infidels " who was awarded the Nobel "  for her services to them . " The Islamist group , which has intimate links to the Afghan Taliban and al Qaeda , unabashedly confirmed two years ago that it tried to kill the teen activist as she rode home from school in a van . The spokesman , Ehsanullah Ehsan , said she was targeted because of what he called her "  propaganda against Islam . " Nobel Peace Prize : They did n't win , either The Nobel committee said it "  regards it as an important point for a Hindu and a Muslim , an Indian and a Pakistani , to join in a common struggle for education and against extremism . "  It has been calculated that there are 168 million child labourers around the world today . In 2000 the figure was 78 million higher . The world has come closer to the goal of eliminating child labour . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon congratulated both winners , describing Yousafzai as "  a brave and gentle advocate of peace who through the simple act of going to school became a global teacher " and Satyarthi as having carried out heroic work to combat child exploitation . "  The true winners today are the world 's children , " he added . Opinion : Malala is the new symbol of hope ` Absolutely thrilled ' Nigel Chapman , chief executive of the Plan International aid organization , said the award brought a "  fantastic glow " to his heart . "  I think anybody who 's interested in campaigning for children 's rights is absolutely thrilled by this news , " he said , speaking to CNN from New York . "  It 's often hard to get these issues at the top of the agenda , and the fact that these two really important figures have been honored today is terrific news . " Chapman praised the Nobel committee for its smart move in awarding the prize jointly to Yousafzai and Satyarthi , who are "  two major heroes " in their countries . The issues of education and child labor are intimately linked together , he said , "  because one of the reasons that girls in particular do n't go to school is because they are working , often in difficult and dangerous circumstances , trying to earn money for their families . " There are still 65 million girls worldwide who are not in school , he said . Millions start lessons but drop out for reasons including having to work or being forced to marry very young . He said it was also a great boost for campaigners on the eve of the International Day of the Girl . Pakistani campaigner : Hard work is needed Mosharraf Zaidi , a Pakistani education campaigner and former adviser to the Foreign Ministry , welcomed the award but cautioned that there is still a long way to go in his country . In Pakistan , he told CNN , there are 25 million children ages 5 to 16 who are not in school , more than half of whom are girls . "  So there 's a huge need for a campaigner and a voice like Malala 's , " he said . "  Unfortunately , that voice has n't been welcome in Pakistan in the way that we would 've hoped and the work that needs to be done to fulfill the dreams that Malala has , has not yet begun . "  Pakistan 's politicians have become very good at paying lip service to the needs of Pakistan 's children without doing any of the hard work that 's needed . " Pakistan needs to dramatically increase its spending on education and improve how that money is spent , he said , and it "  needs to get serious " about giving every child a good education . Courage , determination and vision Former UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who is the U.N. special envoy for global education , described the two winners as "  the world 's greatest children 's champions . " They "  deserve the Nobel Peace Prize for their courage , determination and for their vision that no child should ever be left behind and that every child should have the best of chances , " he said . "  Kailash 's life-long work in India fighting child labour -- which I have had the privilege to see at first hand -- complements Malala 's work standing up for girls ' rights to education from Pakistan to the rest of the world . " European Union leaders Jose Manuel Barroso and Herman Van Rompuy said the prize was a victory for all the children around the world who aspire to go to school . When the European Union won the peace prize in 2012 , they said , it decided to use the money for the same purpose , through an EU program for children in conflict zones . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein said the award sends an important message of support to all those working for children 's rights and rewards "  two extraordinarily inspirational human rights defenders " who "  have demonstrated tremendous courage in the face of powerful adversaries . " He said he hoped it would bolster the political will of countries and institutions worldwide to uphold the rights of children . Salil Shetty , secretary general of Amnesty International , hailed the pair 's work as representing the struggle of millions of children around the world . "  This is an award for human rights defenders who are willing to dedicate themselves entirely to promoting education and the rights of the world 's most vulnerable children , " he said . Prerequisite for peace The Norwegian Nobel Committee makes the point that 60 % of the current population is under 25 years of age in the poorest countries of the world . "  It is a prerequisite for peaceful global development that the rights of children and young people be respected , " it said . "  In conflict-ridden areas in particular , the violation of children leads to the continuation of violence from generation to generation . " Yousafzai was among the favorites for the prize last year , which instead went to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , for its longstanding efforts to "  do away with a whole category of weapons of mass destruction . " The Norwegian Nobel Committee received a record 278 nominations for the 2014 prize , 47 of which were for organizations . Each prize carries with it a monetary reward of 8 million Swedish kronor  about $ 1.1 million  to be divided among the winners . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Lindsay Isaac , Alexander Felton , Sophia Saifi and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	Pakistan 's Malala Yousafzai : Children around the world "  should stand up for their rights " India 's Prime Minister congratulates winners for determination and courage Pakistani PM Nawaz Sharif says Yousafzai has "  made her countrymen proud " India 's Kailash Satyarthi says award honors everyone working for child rights
U.S. officials have deported a woman believed to be the daughter of Mexico 's most wanted drug lord . Alejandrina Gisselle Guzman Salazar was deported on Tuesday , her lawyer said , a day after she pleaded guilty in federal court to possession of a false visa . Shortly after Guzman Salazar 's arrest in October , a U.S. federal official told CNN that she was the daughter of Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , who authorities have said heads Mexico 's Sinaloa cartel . On Wednesday , her lawyers declined to comment on whether she was related to the accused drug lord . "  I do n't know the answer to that , and it was n't part of the case . ... We never asked , because it was n't relevant , whether it was true or not , " attorney Guadalupe Valencia said . Read more : Mexican police deny accused drug lord 's government corruption claims Another attorney for Guzman Salazar , Jan Ronis , said he watched her cross into Tijuana , Mexico , on Tuesday , but he declined to comment on where she headed after that . In October , U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents arrested Guzman Salazar at the international crossing in San Ysidro , California . A spokeswoman for the agency declined to comment Wednesday on whether she had been deported , citing privacy rules . U.S. District Judge Cathy Ann Bencivengo ordered her released on time served after a hearing Monday , according to court documents . In a plea agreement , she admitted to possessing and attempting to use a fraudulent visa to gain entry to the United States . Guzman Salazar is between seven and eight months ' pregnant , Valencia said . She entered with a false visa in October because she wanted to give birth in the United States , he said . "  All these facts were part of the public record that she wanted to come and have her baby here , " he said . "  We live in the greatest country in the world , and people want to come here to live and give their kids an opportunity to be here , so that was it . " Guzman Salazar is a doctor working as a general practitioner , he said . "  When she 's back in Mexico , hopefully she can go on living her normal private life , " Valencia said . "  El Chapo " Guzman is the boss of the Sinaloa cartel , one of Mexico 's most powerful drug trafficking operations . His nickname , which means "  shorty , " matches his 5-foot-6-inch frame , though he has climbed to great heights in the drug smuggling business . Forbes magazine has estimated "  El Chapo " is worth $ 1 billion . The U.S. Treasury Department has declared him the most influential trafficker in the world , and Mexican authorities have been on his tail since his 2001 escape from a Mexican prison in a laundry cart . 17 killed in attempted prison break in northern Mexico Antique shotgun puts former Marine behind bars in Mexico	Alejandrina Gisselle Guzman Salazar was deported Tuesday , her lawyer says A U.S. federal official says she is the daughter of Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman Attorney : Guzman Salazar is pregnant and wanted to give birth in the United States Authorities say "  El Chapo " Guzman his the head of Mexico 's Sinaloa cartel
KHARTOUM , Sudan  CNN  -- Sudan 's entire state apparatus has been mobilized "  to plan , commit , and cover up crimes " in the war-torn area of Darfur , a prosecutor for the International Criminal Court said Thursday . The United Nations estimates 2.5 million people have been forced from their homes in Darfur . The prosecutor , Luis Moreno-Ocampo , made the observation in a progress report to the U.N. Security Council into its probe of crimes in Darfur and the status of two men indicted for war crimes and crimes against humanity in the Darfur region of Sudan . He said the Sudanese government "  has taken no steps to arrest " the men , one of whom is now in charge of the government 's humanitarian affairs . The other is a militia leader . "  For the last five years the whole Darfur area has been a crime scene . Girls are raped , schools are bombed . ... And they are covering up these crimes , " Moreno-Ocampo said at a news conference at the United Nations Thursday . The court says Darfurians are attacked in their villages and in camps , citing rapes , bombings of schools and arrests of community leaders . "  Crimes being committed today in Darfur can not be denied , or minimized . Decisions to commit crimes , to deny crimes , to disguise crimes are taken at the highest level . Denial of crimes , by the authorities that vowed to protect Darfurians , is an additional harm to the victims , " the report said . The ICC cases are against Ali Kushayb , a militia leader , and Ahmad Harun , former minister of state for the interior in Sudan , who is now in charge of humanitarian affairs for the Sudanese government . Both face charges of murder , rape , forced displacement and other offenses during the Darfur crisis , which the United States characterizes as a genocide . Harun 's present role gives him power over how and whether aid agencies can deliver food , medicine and shelter to victims of chronic violence and deprivation in Darfur . "  He attacks the people he has the responsibility to protect , " the International Criminal Court said in a statement . "  He hampers the delivery of relief to the victims . He is involved in obstructing deployment of the peacekeepers . " Alleged crimes in the region stem from a brutal counter-insurgency campaign the Sudanese government conducted after rebels began an uprising in the Darfur region of western Sudan in 2003 . The authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur on a campaign of killing , torture and rape , according to the United Nations , western governments and human-rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels draw strength . About 300,000 people have died in Darfur , the United Nations estimates , and 2.5 million have been forced from home . In 2005 , the Security Council cleared the way for possible war crimes prosecutions by the International Criminal Court , a permanent tribunal set up to handle prosecutions related to genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . The court is based on a treaty signed by 106 nations -- excluding Sudan . Prosecutors are investigating offenses in Sudan , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Uganda and the Central African Republic . Once the court indicts someone , authorities in one country or another have the power to detain the indicted person for trial at The Hague . That has not happened in the case of Harun and Kushayb . An arrest warrant for Harun charges that he was involved in the murder , rape , torture and forced displacement of civilians . The court also says he encouraged such illegal acts in public speeches during his tenure as minister of state for the interior . The criminal court says Kushayb led several thousand militia members and personally participated in attacks against civilians . An arrest warrant outlines numerous cases of murder , rape and inhumane acts . In Sudan , however , senior government leaders told CNN that reports of atrocities in Darfur were exaggerated . "  Yes , there has been a war and some people have died , but it 's not like what has been reflected in the media , " said Interior Minister Ibrahim Mahmoud Hamid . Musa Halil , an adviser to Sudan 's president , has been accused by the United States of leading a militia responsible for atrocities . And the U.N. Security Council has frozen his assets . Yet he denies any wrongdoing . "  There is no genocide , " he told CNN . "  Most people came to the refugee camps because of the pressure and were used there for political marketing . " Others told a different story . In Darfur , eyewitnesses spoke of government airplanes and helicopters attacking defenseless civilians just four months ago . They said the government struck in coordination with militiamen riding horses and camels -- a classic pattern that has unfolded around Darfur in recent years . More than 115 people were killed in that attack , they said , and nearly 58,000 people fled . CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report	International Criminal Court : Sudan "  taken no steps " to arrest Darfur war criminals One suspect now in charge of humanitarian affairs for Sudanese government Allegations stem from 2003 counter-insurgency campaign by Sudanese government United Nations estimates about 300,000 people have died in Darfur region
CNN  -- Comedian Jamie Kaler knows a universal truth : Women love a man in uniform . Sadly , he just ca n't fit into his anymore . "  I ca n't snap my dress white bottoms anymore -- I think I put them on for some girl a few years ago . " But these days , the former Navy lieutenant can barely even get his pants all the way up . "  How does your thigh grow bigger as you get older ? " However , those pants used to fit a really funny sailor who never took things too seriously . "  I got lowered off of a helicopter onto the ship , and I 'm cracking jokes , " he recalls . "  And they 're like , ` This is not funny . ' And I 'm like , ` Look at me ! I 'm Chuck Norris ! ' " It 's been years since Kaler served , but what used to get him in trouble in the Navy now fuels his comedy . And while some fans may be familiar with his stand-up routine and the show "  Kaler " on SiriusXM 's Blue Collar Radio , most people know him from his past role as the "  drunken red-headed guy " on the TBS comedy "  My Boys . " This summer , Kaler will re-team with his "  My Boys " co-star Mike Bunin for an original series with DirecTV called "  On Deck with Jamie and Mike , " where they 'll tour some of America 's best baseball stadiums . He also just completed filming for the feature film , "  The Wicked . " Kaler sat down with CNN for a video interview in Chicago to discuss life in the Navy , which , apparently , can be a little dirty . Read : Everybody stinks .	Comedian Jamie Kaler is a former Navy lieutenant who can no longer zip up his uniform Kaler is known as the "  drunken red-headed guy " on the TBS comedy "  My Boys " The comedian just completed filming for the feature film "  The Wicked "
CNN  -- Western intelligence agencies were able to form a detailed picture of Osama bin Laden 's movements in the years after 9/11 , and came closer to capturing or killing him than has so far been acknowledged , a former European intelligence official has disclosed . The former official , who declined to be identified , told CNN that in 2003 and 2004 an informant in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region with close connections to al Qaeda 's top leadership provided a stream of reliable information on bin Laden 's movements . But the information was never quite fresh enough for Western intelligence agencies to target al Qaeda 's leader . Nearly nine years ago , bin Laden and others in the al Qaeda leadership escaped as their haven among the caves and mountains of Tora Bora -- close to the Afghanistan border with Pakistan -- came under withering U.S. air attacks . Despite bin Laden being the world 's most sought-after fugitive , to date very little has been reliably reported about his movements beyond a consensus that he is now likely hiding somewhere in the tribal areas of Pakistan . The former official said that in the period after bin Laden left Tora Bora , under pressure and on the run , he and his lieutenants were little able to communicate with each other . But gradually , al Qaeda restored its communications and was able to resume meetings . Bin Laden even met with 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed at some point before the latter 's arrest in February 2003 . Additionally , bin Laden and his deputy Ayman al-Zawahiri were frequently in the same area and regularly in communication . During this time , Western intelligence agencies were able to draw up a detailed map tracing bin Laden 's movements , according to the former intelligence official . In 2003-2004 , bin Laden spent time in several areas -- amid the rugged mountains of Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal areas and in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , a more heavily populated area where Pakistan 's security forces had a greater presence . But according to the former official , bin Laden shunned big cities , preferring to stay in rural areas . The intelligence stream indicated that al Qaeda 's leader also made several trips across into Afghanistan during this period , despite the presence of tens of thousands of U.S. troops . In a high-stakes game of hide-and-seek , Western intelligence agencies were always playing catch-up as bin Laden moved from location to location . Tantalizingly at one point , according to the former official , information about his exact location was only one week old . But the intelligence stream on bin Laden 's movements never resulted in what is known as "  actionable intelligence " that could have led to his capture or assassination . After 2004 the intelligence stream dried up , according to the former official , who did not elaborate why . But he said that despite the setback , information on al Qaeda 's leaders ' movements never completely dried up ; and recent intelligence suggested bin Laden and al-Zawahiri were still in close geographic proximity and able to communicate with each other . However , few al Qaeda followers get to meet them . European and American jihadists who joined up with al Qaeda in 2008 have subsequently told Western interrogators that for security reasons access for them to bin Laden was strictly off limits . Bin Laden is now mainly concentrating on providing "  strategic direction " to the al Qaeda organization , rather than involving himself deeply in the daily running of the terrorist organization , the former official told CNN . Raw intelligence reports leaked in July on the Wikileaks website suggesting bin Laden took part in detailed planning of operations should be treated with skepticism , said the former official . U.S. intelligence officials play down the possibility that bin Laden might be captured soon . CIA Director Leon Panetta stated in June that very little hard information on bin Laden 's movements had come to light in recent years . But on Friday , President Barack Obama said that pressure on the al Qaeda leadership meant that "  they have been holed up in ways that have made it harder for them to operate . " He added : "  Bin Laden has gone deep underground . Even Zawahiri , who is more often out there , has been much more cautious . "	A former European intelligence official offers details on bin Laden 's movements after 9/11 In 2003 and 2004 Western authorities had "  a stream of reliable information " on bin Laden But the information was never fresh enough for agencies to take action The intelligence consensus is that bin Laden is now hiding in the trial areas of Pakistan
CNN  -- Italy 's Alessandro Petacchi took the first stage of the Tour de France after a series of crashes marred the finish in the Belgian capital of Brussels on Sunday . The 36-year-old Lampre star won the sprint for the line from a severely whittled down peloton after a chaotic finish which left many of the leading contenders on the tarmac . Switzerland 's Fabian Cancellara of the Saxo Bank team retained the race leader 's yellow jersey following his prologue victory in Rotterdam on Saturday . The 223.5 km run from the Dutch port city to Brussels was always expected to boil down to a bunch sprint finish and after the customary breakaways were reeled in , so it proved . Britain 's Mark Cavendish , who won six stages of last year 's Tour de France , and Spanish fastman Oscar Freire were the first of the favorites to see their hopes ended with both going off on a tight corner . Another big crash quickly followed , which held up the majority of the bunch behind a pile of tangled bikes and bodies while a third took place in the last 200 meters . Cancellara said he had hit the floor after doing a "  somersault " while defending champion Alberto Contador came home 48th on the stage with his arch-rival Lance Armstrong in 56th . Seven-time Tour winner Armstrong told his twitter blog that it "  total mayhem " , but he survived to stay in fourth overall at 22 seconds behind Cancellara . Petacchi took full advantage to win from Cavendish 's HTC-Columbia lead out man Mark Renshaw of Australia , with Thor Hushovd third for Cervelo , valuable points for the Norwegian in the battle for the green points jersey with Cavendish . It was Petacchi 's fifth Tour de France stage win but first since 2003 when he was at the peak of his powers . "  It was n't unexpected for me , " he told AFP . "  I 'm here to sprint and win stages , and to do my best and that 's what I did . "  Of course Cavendish and I are sure to sprint against each other , but even if he had n't been caught up in a crash who 's to say I would n't have won . I think I did a great sprint , " he added . Monday 's second stage takes the peloton over 201 kilometres from Brussels to Spa .	Alessandro Petacchi claims first stage of Tour de France in Brussels Fabian Cancellara of Switzerland retains race leader 's yellow jersey A series of crashes mar the finish in the Belgian capital Sunday Race favorites Alberto Contador and Lance Armstrong survive mayhem
CNN  -- The construction of what would be Seoul 's tallest building has hit a snag following the appearance of a number of mysterious sinkholes in and around the neighborhood where it is being built . Residents of South Korea 's capital are alarmed by the increasing incidence of sinkholes -- depressions , measuring up to several feet in depth and diameter , which have suddenly appeared around Seoul . The first one was discovered in June , and since then several others have appeared , local media have reported . Now , in a climate marked by increased safety concerns , the construction of a huge skyscraper in the city has come under scrutiny . Last month , two holes within a couple of meters of each other were discovered near the National Assembly in the Yeouido district of the capital . Several examples of this unexplained phenomenon have occurred near the site of the Lotte World Tower , a half-constructed commercial and office development by Korean conglomerate Lotte which , when completed , will be the sixth tallest tower in the world . Holes have appeared in at least two streets in the Songpa district , where the new tower is being built , including a 50 centimeter  20 inch  wide hole only half a kilometer  a third of a mile  from the Lotte World Tower construction site . So far , authorities are baffled . "  We do not know the cause yet , " a police officer told the Korea Times . "  In cooperation with Seoul Metro and Seoul Metropolitan Government , we investigated the problem and only found that the holes have nothing to do with sewerage . " A lake near the site , which appears to be shrinking , is also cause for concern . Water levels have fallen about 70 centimeters  27 inches  , although Seulki Lee , a spokesperson for Lotte Group , told CNN that it would be "  nearly impossible " for the water to drain into the tower 's foundations due to a slurry wall between the lake and the construction . The spokesperson also said that the company was looking into the mysterious sinkholes . "  We are working on an investigation of sinkholes but it will take some time to figure out what 's going on , " she said . She said that academics and engineers from Lotte have told the construction company that the sinkholes are not related to the site but it is "  necessary to figure out what is going on " to provide assurance for the public . Plans for the 555-meter  1,821-foot  , 123-story tower were first put forward almost two decades ago , but planning permission was slow in coming , due to security concerns from a nearby military base . Construction of the tower , designed by American firm KPF , is underway and more than half of the tower 's floors have been completed . The architecture firm was , at the time of press , unavailable for comment . Professor Hong Gun Park of Seoul National University 's Department of Architecture and Architectural Engineering was a consultant on the project , completing an "  outsider 's evaluation . " He told CNN that the foundations of the building were solid , and that Seoul had no history of subsidence . "  People found sinkholes near the building site ,  and  since there is a small lake , they are worried about the robustness of the foundation of the building . "  However , recently many sinkholes were found here and there in Seoul . Furthermore the foundation of the building is deep and is sitting on the deep hard rock . Thus in my opinion there is no problem  with  the structural safety of the building . " He said that it was unlikely that the Seoul municipal government would halt construction without reasonable cause . The safety concerns over the building come months after the country was shocked by the sinking in April of the Sewol ferry , which led to widespread criticism throughout South Korea that safety was not a priority . Almost 300 people , mostly teenagers on a school trip , died when the ferry capsized . orv Corvette museum reopens after sinkhole swallowed pricey cars Sinkholes : Common , costly and sometimes deadly	Appearance of mystery sinkholes around Seoul have authorities baffled Holes near construction of the Lotte World Tower , the world 's 6th tallest building , have led to a review Following April 's Sewol ferry tragedy , safety has become a focus in South Korea
Islamabad  CNN  -- More than 100 Taliban fighters crossed over from Afghanistan and attacked three Pakistani military posts Sunday night , killing at least eight soldiers , Pakistani military officials said . At least 15 Taliban fighters were killed in firefights that followed the attacks in the district of Upper Dir in northwest Paksitan , Colonel Wasim Ahmed told CNN . Pakistani Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan told CNN the Afghan Taliban carried out the attacks . The Pakistani Taliban helped with reconnaissance and information before the attack , Ehsan said . Three other Pakistani military officials confirmed the attack but asked not to be named because they are not authorized to speak to the media on the record . Sunday 's attacks were the latest in a series of cross-border assaults from regions in eastern Afghanistan where U.S. troops began pulling out last year . In 2011 , cross-border attacks by militants killed scores of Pakistani soldiers and increased tensions between Pakistan and Afghanistan . Kabul and Islamabad have long accused one another of not doing enough to secure the border . Washington has almost always sided with Afghanistan in the finger-pointing , often blaming some of the deadliest attacks against western targets in Afghanistan on militants based in Pakistan 's mostly ungoverned tribal region . Deadly standoff ends at Afghan hotel ; hostages freed after several hours 2 children among dead in Pakistan blasts Journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	The attack was carried out by more than 100 Taliban fighters from Afghanistan , officials say At least 15 Taliban fighters are killed in ensuing firefights The attacks are the latest in a series of cross-border assaults
CNN  -- A spectator died Sunday after she was struck by a tire from a crashing dragster during the NHRA Arizona Nationals near Phoenix , Arizona . The car flipped in the first-round race and caught fire , said Alia Maisonet , spokeswoman for the Gila River Indian reservation in Chandler , Arizona , where the racetrack is located . During the accident , a wheel flew off the car and struck the woman in the stands , she said . Coverage from CNN affiliate KPHO She was airlifted to a local hospital , where she died . The dragster was driven by Top Fuel driver Antron Brown . He went to a hospital as a precaution , but was released , the National Hot Rod Association said . "  The entire NHRA community is deeply saddened by today 's incident and sends its thoughts and prayers to the woman 's family and friends , " the group said on its Web site . The accident is under investigation .	Car flipped in first-round race of NHRA Arizona Nationals and caught fire Wheel flew off car and struck woman in the stands She was airlifted to a local hospital , where she died
CNN  -- The husband of an American woman , who has been missing for six weeks in Japan , said Thursday that she had threatened to kill herself the night she disappeared after the two argued . Vince Abad , an airman at a major U.S. Air Force facility in Japan , said he and his wife , Kelli , had fought over the phone on the night of October 26 after he had gone to see their pastor , who had helped resolve disputes between them in the past . When he returned home , his wife was gone and their two children were in bed . "  We 'd had arguments before -- it did n't feel too out of place , " Abad , 30 , said . He said he assumed she had gone to stay with a friend . But when Kelli Abad , 27 , did n't come back by the following morning , he became concerned and raised the alarm . Two days later , the wife 's car , a Toyota SUV , was found at Cape Zanpa on the island of Okinawa , about 10 miles from the base , with her cell phone and purse inside . Also inside the car was a note , Abad said , that read , "  Love my kids , love my hubby and parents . Bye . " Cape Zanpa is known locally as a place for committing suicide , Abad said . The Japanese police , the fire department and coast guard have searched caves and cliffs in the area but have found no trace of her , the police have said . The U.S. military has been helping with the search . Family members have also attempted their own searches in the area , he said . No witnesses have come forward , despite a poster campaign in English and Japanese saying she is missing . The family is "  always hoping for the best -- that she 's out there , " Abad said . But they are also aware of the possibility that his wife "  might have decided to leave us on her own terms . " "  Right now , she 's a ghost , " he said . The couple 's two young children -- a 1-year-old boy and a 4-year-old girl -- are learning to deal with their mother 's absence , Abad said . In the first few weeks after Kelli Abad 's disappearance , he found his daughter crying one night . When he asked her what was wrong , he said , she replied , "  We do n't have a mommy . "	Kelli Abad disappeared the night that she and her husband argued , he says She has been missing for six weeks Her car is found near cliffs on the island of Okinawa with a note inside Her family is holding out hope but is aware of the possibility she 's gone
The world 's eyes may have been focused on the breathtakingly fast political changes unfolding in Ukraine 's capital Kiev this week , but it is the Crimean peninsula , where dozens of gunmen raised the Russian flag over parliament Thursday , that should now be the primary source of concern for Ukraine 's fledgling government and world leaders . Crimea is an autonomous republic whose history has long been marred by political tension . Gifted to Ukraine by Soviet Union leader Nikita Khrushchev in 1954 , its population is ethnic Russian by just over half and Ukrainian by a quarter , while more than ten percent are Crimean Tatars who are fiercely anti-Russian as a result of Joseph Stalin 's repression of the group a half century ago . Russia 's strategically important Black Sea naval fleet is hosted at Sevastopol , the region 's largest city , an arrangement that controversially extended until 2042 by the ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , who was last seen fleeing Kiev . His whereabouts are unknown . The large Russian population of Crimea has long viewed the central government of Ukraine with suspicion . In recent days the mood has turned into aggressive hostility towards the new authorities in Kiev . Crimean Russians see the newly-powerful opposition movement as illegitimate , sponsored by the West , and even fascist . Anti-Ukrainian protests are being held , Russian vigilante groups have sprung up across Crimea , Russian flags have been hoisted on government buildings , clashes have broken out between Russian separatists and loyalist Tatars and Ukrainians , and the Russian military has been seen patrolling key buildings and infrastructure . The Russian Federation has done precious little to contain this dangerous dynamic . On the contrary , its state-sponsored media have covered the unrest in Crimea extensively and reiterated the Kremlin 's view of the events in Kiev as a coup d'état . Envoys from Moscow have descended on Crimea to promise Russian citizenship to all who want it and even the region 's re-integration into Russia proper . Meanwhile , Russia 's foreign ministry is warning of violations of the human rights of ethnic Russians in Ukraine , while the Russian military is reportedly preparing lists for the evacuation of the families of seamen serving at Sevastopol . Snap military exercises have been ordered by Russian President Vladimir Putin close to Ukraine 's borders . In short , the Kremlin is stoking the fires of the building separatism that can be observed in Crimea , despite its official commitment to non-interference and the territorial integrity of Ukraine . This situation bears all the hallmarks of several long-standing , often referred to as "  frozen " , conflicts in Eastern Europe . In Transnistria , a breakaway region of Moldova , in Nagorno-Karabakh , which is contested by Armenia and Azerbaijan , or in Abkhazia and South-Ossetia , which have seceded from Georgia , Russia has long propped up separatists , providing political backing , military support , funding and passports . This undermines the stability of its smaller neighbors , challenges those nations ' sovereignty , blocks domestic reforms , and impedes European integration . By underwriting Crimean separatism , Russia is taking the first steps toward repeating such a scenario in Ukraine . So while many in Kiev and in Western capitals are pondering what Russia will do next , the the Kremlin has already made its decision . Russia 's choice of tactics is no coincidence . Rather , it is based on a sober analysis of the post-Euro-Maidan situation in Ukraine , particularly Kiev , and of Russia 's limited leverage there . The hoped-for public mayhem and political stalemate have not materialized . Western acceptance of the new government thwarts Russian claims of its illegitimacy . The country 's industrial east shows little inclination to move closer to Russia , and Western financial aid is shaping up to reduce Ukraine 's dependency on money from Moscow . In this constellation , Crimea is the "  weakest link " in Ukraine today . This leaves the new Ukrainian government with a very difficult choice . It is obliged by the constitution to defend the territorial integrity of Ukraine , to re-establish public order in Crimea , and to guarantee the safety of its citizens there , irrespective of their ethnic background . However , the central government is only just regaining control over the situation , and faces enormous political , economic and social challenges . Its resources are already stretched without having to deal with a strong separatist movement and its even stronger external backer . What is more , Europe and the U.S. will be of very limited help in confronting Crimean separatists and their Russian masters . Ukraine 's choice , then , is between consolidating the gains of the Euro-Maidan revolution across most of the country , and risking it all to maintain control over a historically reticent part of Ukraine that may already be lost . The question that has to be answered now is whether Crimea is a price worth paying for getting Ukraine on track for democracy and European integration . MAP : How Ukraine is divided	Armed men seize parliament building in Ukraine 's Crimea region Crimea is last big bastion of opposition to new government in Kiev following President 's ouster Tensions have simmered since President Yanukovych 's overthrow last week Forbrig : Ukraine must decide if it 's worth risking recent progress over restive Crimea
CNN  Last year , photographer Jake Shivery only released the shutter on his large-format camera about 100 , maybe 150 times . It 's typical for him and the hulking Deardorff 8x10 he shoots with . It 's also perfect for the portraits he wants to capture . "  My photographing process and intent are informing each other , " Shivery said . "  I 'm using a very large camera , which is a really slow , methodical , deliberate way of working . " He jokes that there 's no "  decisive moment , " in the famous words of Henri Cartier-Bresson . For him , it 's a "  decisive morning . " He likes that early light , and the pace his camera demands . He might ask a subject to join him for breakfast in his backyard in the St. Johns neighborhood of Portland , Oregon . Between setup and shooting , they often spend a few hours getting to know each other over coffee or beer or catching up on the months they 've missed each other . "  I am not only completely dependent on my gear , I 'm beholden to it , " Shivery wrote in an essay to be published later this year . "  I do not operate my camera , I collaborate with it . " The essay is part of "  Contact , " a book of Shivery 's portraits to be released in April by One Twelve Publishing . It will debut during Portland Photo Month , alongside an exhibition of Shivery 's work at Portland 's Newspace Center for Photography . "  Contact " was funded through a Kickstarter campaign that drew more than $ 23,000 -- far more than its $ 18,500 goal . It was "  crickets and coyotes " at first , Shivery said , but as the funding deadline approached , support swelled . It came from photo enthusiasts , art lovers , friends , neighbors and customers of Portland 's Blue Moon Camera and Machine , where Shivery holds a day job . Some supporters ' images will appear in the book ; those "  friends and heroes and people for whom I have affection " are among those who inspire his work and keep it going . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  It 's Portland that made it possible , " Shivery said . "  I 've never been in a place where I 've been surrounded by so many interesting and productive individuals . " Just as he likes to take his time and get to know people , he prefers to photograph them at what they love . That 's why his images capture a jazz singer posed in a Cadillac and a seamstress beside a dress form dialed to just her size . There 's a man who works for the children 's museum , partly dressed in a robot costume he made , standing beside his father and the Airstream trailer he 's working on . There are people wearing the garb of their everyday lives , whether it 's blue jeans or a clown costume donned for a short film . "  The figures , " Shivery said , "  are both sort of part of the environments and the narrative . " Or , as he wrote , "  somewhere between hopeful acquaintance and profound intimacy is where all of my portraits are made . " Jake Shivery is a portraitist based in Portland , Oregon . You can follow his work on Flickr .	Photographer Jake Shivery 's large-format portraits are set to appear in a new book Many of the subjects are from his hometown of Portland , Oregon The book , "  Contact , " was funded through a Kickstarter campaign
Brunswick , Georgia  CNN  -- The investigation into the shooting of a baby in Brunswick , Georgia -- a crime that 's grabbed national headlines -- has taken yet another turn with the arrest of a local politician . The arrest stemmed from a verbal exchange between Brunswick City Commissioner James Henry Brooks and the family of one of the teen suspects in the slaying during the suspects ' first court appearance on Monday . According to his attorney , Brooks told the family of De'Marquise Elkins , 17 , that they did n't have to talk to police . "  What he was trying to do , at the point and time that he was approached here at the courthouse , was just tell these folks you have a right to remain silent , " Brooks ' attorney Alan Tucker told reporters Friday . Brooks is a distant relative of the Elkins family , his wife , Alicia Brooks , told CNN . She did not know exactly how they are related . The 59-year-old commissioner was charged with influencing a witness and obstructing law enforcement in an investigation , the Glynn County Sheriff 's Office said . Brooks was arrested Thursday , posted $ 5,000 bond and left jail Friday afternoon . Tucker said his client was not trying to interfere with the investigation . "  I do n't know why he spoke with the Elkins family other than the fact that they are constituents of his , " the attorney said . "  The public defender 's office put a statement out earlier in the week , and I think that there were many people in the community who maybe thought that these two young men had not committed the crime with which they are charged with , and evidence has come to light and the gun was found . " Under the terms of his bond , Brooks is not allowed to have any contact with the victims , witnesses , potential witnesses or investigators involved in the investigation of the murder of 13-month-old Antonio Santiago , who was killed March 21 . The child 's mother , Sherry West , has said that two teenagers came up to her in the street in broad daylight . One pointed a gun at her and told her that if she did n't give him her money he would shoot her and shoot her baby . West said that the teen fired at her , hitting her in one leg and barely missing her head . The teen , she said , then shot her baby in the face . Elkins and Dominique Lang , 15 , have been charged with murder . Elkins ' mother , aunt and sister have also been arrested on various charges alleging that they have hindered the investigation . The sister , 19-year-old Sabrina Elkins , was arrested on an evidence tampering charge , the Glynn County Sheriff 's Office said . She was named in a grand jury indictment , released Wednesday , accusing her of helping her mother get rid of the gun authorities say was used to kill the child . Authorities did not reveal her alleged role in disposing of the gun , which police found in a pond 2.3 miles from where the baby was shot . Baby 's death marks second time mom loses a son to violence Sabrina Elkins "  was part of that , and that 's the most I can answer of that question right now , " Glynn County Police Chief Matt Doering said Thursday . The grand jury also indicted Elkins ' mother , Karimah Aisha Elkins , 36 , and aunt , Katrina Latrelle Elkins , 33 , on charges of making false statements or writings , among other things . Elkin 's mother , Karimah Aisha , and his sister , Sabrina , made their first court appearance Friday and were ordered held without bond , according to Ron Corbett , the Glynn County 's undersheriff . None of the women is accused of involvement in the shooting itself . The same grand jury that indicted the women also named De'Marquise Elkins and Lang as being involved in the shooting , prosecutors said . Elkins is accused of malice and felony murder , along with other charges . Lang is accused of felony murder . Although Lang is a minor , CNN is identifying him because he is charged as an adult and media in the community have been naming him since his arrest . Investigators are looking into the possibility of a gang tie to the shooting , Doering said . "  That 's being explored , whether a gang involvement was part of this , " he said . "  And that 's all that I can say right now . " Doering declined to say whether more arrests were possible as the investigation continues West gave this account to police about the shooting : One of the boys pointed a gun at her and said , " ` Give me your money or I 'm going to kill you and I 'm going to shoot your baby and kill your baby . ' " The boy tried to grab her purse and opened fire when she told him she had no money . One shot hit her in the leg and one grazed her head . The boy then shot the child . West tried to resuscitate her son as bystanders called 911 for help . Mom to teenage son accused in baby shooting : ' I love you ' CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Joe Sutton , Victor Blackwell , Paul Caron and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	NEW : The mother and sister of a suspect have been ordered held without bond The city official is related to the family of one of the murder suspects , his wife says Attorney : James Henry Brooks was n't trying to interfere with investigation Two Brunswick , Georgia , teenagers have been charged with murder
CNN  -- The United States have battled back to set up a final-day showdown in the Solheim Cup women 's golf teams event in Ireland . With Europe doubling their one-point lead to 7-5 after Saturday 's morning foursomes matches at Killeen Castle , the U.S. kept alive their hopes of a fourth straight title on Sunday by levelling at 8-8 after the fourballs . The 24 players will go head-to-head in 12 singles matches as the Europeans seek just a fourth success since the inaugural competition in 1990 . Britain 's Laura Davies will take on fellow veteran Juli Inkster in one of the key clashes , with the Englishwoman confident after overtaking Annika Sorenstam as the Solheim Cup 's record points scorer . All about the Solheim Cup "  To be honest , it was a bit embarrassing not to have the most points when I 've played in every match , " said the 47-year-old Davies , who has featured in all 12 stagings . "  So it 's great to have made it . It 's cleared the pressure and now I can relax a bit more without that extra edge in the singles . " Having sat out the foursomes , Davies and Melissa Bell beat Michelle Wie and Brittany Lang 4 & 3 but their teammates could not maintain the momentum . Europe take narrow lead after first day Morgan Pressel and Cristie Kerr defeated Suzann Pettersen and Caroline Hedwall by one hole , Stacy Lewis and Ryann O'Toole triumphed 2 & 1 against Sandra Gal and Christel Boeljon , while Paula Creamer and Brittany Lincicome were 3 & 1 victors over Maria Hjorth and Azahara Munoz . Former U.S. Open champion Creamer will take on Catriona Matthew as she seeks to remain unbeaten , having played in all this year 's matches . "  We are all so pumped up and it is great to be back tied , " Creamer said . "  It was nice to see some red on the board and we are ready for tomorrow . "	Solheim Cup level at 8-8 going into Sunday 's singles matches in Ireland U.S. women 's team battle back from 7-5 down in Saturday fourballs Europe 's Laura Davies becomes the competition 's record points scorer Davies plays fellow veteran Juli Inkster in one of the key clashes
Senate Democrats on Monday offered a new proposal to extend the payroll tax cut before it expires at the end of the year , and President Barack Obama quickly urged Congress to help middle-class Americans by passing it . In a statement to reporters at the White House , Obama said failure to act would mean almost 160 million people would pay higher taxes next year , violating a pledge by Republican legislators against raising taxes . "  Keep your word to the American people and do n't raise taxes on them right now , " Obama said , arguing that extending the lower payroll tax rate enacted last year would help the nation 's economic recovery . "  Now is the time to keep growing the economy , to keep creating jobs , to keep giving working Americans the boost that they need . " In reference to the GOP opposition to higher taxes , Obama asked : "  How could it be the only time there 's a catch is when it comes to raising taxes on middle-class families ? " "  It does n't make sense , " the president added . Senate Republicans fired back immediately , with conservative Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah saying the Democratic plan had no GOP input and no chance of passing . "  It 's hard for the majority to call this a compromise when the other side has n't been involved , " Hatch said in a statement , adding : "  With the long list of things Congress has to get done by the end of the year and the clock ticking , it 's pretty mystifying that the majority is pursuing more political show votes that wo n't go anywhere . " The issue has become a showdown between Democrats led by Obama and Republicans in Congress over whether to increase taxes on the wealthy to give the rest of the country a tax break next year . Last week , Senate Republicans blocked progress on a Democratic plan that would assess a surtax of 3.25 % on income over $ 1 million . The new proposal sponsored by Sen. Bob Casey , D-Pennsylvania , contains a reduced version of that tax provision , down to 1.9 % , and calls for it to expire after 10 years , according to a statement by the senator . "  It will be fully paid for with a mixture of spending cuts Republicans have already agreed to and a tiny , tiny surtax on the top two-tenths of 1 % of American taxpayers , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , adding that "  in an effort to make our proposal more palatable to Republicans , we have conceded significantly to cut the tax on income above a million dollars and make it temporary . " In addition , the Democratic plan includes cutting the payroll tax paid by workers from the current rate of 4.2 % to 3.1 % . That would mean a family making $ 50,000 a year would save about $ 1,500 , according to Democrats . If the tax cut is not extended , the rate would go up to 6.2 % and cost that same family an additional $ 1,000 next year , Democrats say . However , the new Democratic proposal drops a provision in the measure defeated last week that would also expand the payroll tax cut to employers , Casey 's statement said . Cutting out that provision drops the total cost of the measure to $ 180 billion from the $ 265 billion of last week 's proposal , it said . In addition to revenue from the so-called "  millionaire 's surtax , " the new proposal would be paid for by increasing fees that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac charge mortgage lenders to guarantee repayment of new mortgage loans , Casey 's statement said . The provision was discussed during negotiations by the congressional "  super committee " that failed to reach a deficit reduction deal last month , and would raise $ 38.1 billion , according to Casey 's statement . Democrats also included a provision from a Senate Republican measure that would prevent millionaires from receiving food stamps and unemployment assistance , a Senate Democratic aide said . Putting a 10-year "  sunset " on the surtax for millionaires was a response to Republican criticism that the original proposal amounted to a permanent tax increase for a temporary economic stimulus plan , the aide added . Obama 's statement noted that the American economy needs the continued benefits of the payroll tax cut , which puts more money into people 's pockets . "  Although the unemployment rate went down last month , our recovery is still fragile , and the situation in Europe has added to that uncertainty , " Obama said . "  And that 's why the majority of economists believe it 's important to extend the payroll tax cut . And those same economists would lower their growth estimates for our economy if it does n't happen . " At the same time , he said , the reduced tax burden helped families pay bills and increased spending and hiring . Obama took aim at the Republican opposition to higher taxes on the wealthy , which undermined comprehensive deficit reduction negotiations this year . GOP negotiators have repeatedly rejected Obama 's push to end Bush-era tax cuts on wealthy Americans . "  How can you fight tooth-and-nail to protect high-end tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans and yet barely lift a finger to prevent taxes going up for 160 million Americans who really need the help ? " Obama asked . A top Senate Republican aide , who had not yet seen the Democratic proposal , criticized the broad outline because it still includes a tax increase on wealthy "  job creators . " Republicans oppose any kind of tax increase in their push to shrink the size of government , while the White House says raising the taxes of millionaires wo n't affect small business owners cited by Republicans as job creators who would be hurt by a larger tax burden . On Sunday , conservative Republican Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma said he believed the lower payroll tax rate set to expire at the end of the year would be extended , as sought by Obama . However , Coburn told "  Fox News Sunday " that paying for it should include immediate cuts in spending , rather than a drawn-out approach that ends up only reducing additional spending in future years . "  Where is the backbone in Washington to actually pay for these extensions in the year in which the money is spent ? " asked Coburn , a prominent fiscal hawk . Last week , Senate Republicans prevented Democrats from getting the 60 votes needed to proceed on their initial payroll tax cut extension measure , which was blocked on a 51-49 vote . The Democratic plan would have assessed a 3.25 % tax on income over $ 1 million to pay for the proposal 's cost . Taxpayers with an income of $ 50,000 would have benefited by $ 1,500 a year . A Republican alternative that would have frozen discretionary government spending and cut federal jobs , while also raising Medicare costs for Americans with incomes above $ 750,000 a year , also got blocked by opposition from both parties on a 20-78 vote . Despite the outcome of the votes , a softening of Republican opposition to extending the lower payroll tax rate raised expectations for eventual congressional approval of a compromise plan . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , last week agreed with Obama and Democrats that extending the payroll tax cut would help the economy by putting more money in the pockets of consumers . Boehner 's comment broke from conservative GOP orthodoxy that contends the payroll tax cut enacted last year had failed to benefit the sluggish economic recovery . House Republican leaders have assembled their own proposal to extend the payroll tax cut in conjunction with other steps , but that plan faced opposition from conservative Republicans . Boehner has insisted that any extensions of tax cuts or other programs be paid for , and he outlined a list of spending cuts over 10 years to offset the impact on the deficit , according to House Republican aides . However , a group of fiscally conservative Republicans opposed the GOP leaders ' plan because the offsetting spending cuts would take a decade to complete . Some Republicans worried about the political fallout for their party if the public holds them responsible for holding up middle-class tax relief . "  If we do n't extend the payroll tax  cut  , we 're giving the Democrats an issue , " said Rep. Peter King , R-New York . "  There is no need to give it to them . They 're the ones who mismanaged the economy . They are the ones who put us in this situation . We should n't allow them to get out from under that . " In his statement Monday , Obama cited the shifting position of Republicans on the issue and called for Congress to also extend unemployment benefits set to expire at the end of the year . "  We can not play games with unemployment insurance when we still have an unemployment rate that is way too high , " Obama said , adding : "  This is n't just something that I want . This is n't just a political fight . Independent economists , some of whom have in the past worked for Republicans , agree that if we do n't extend the payroll tax cut and we do n't extend unemployment insurance , it will hurt our economy . "	The proposed tax on the wealthy would be 1.9 % for income over $ 1 million President Obama urges Congress to extend the payroll tax cut Republican Sen. Hatch says the new Democratic proposal will not pass The payroll tax cut is set to expire at the end of the year
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- At least three dozen people were killed and scores were injured in fighting that flared up Friday in and around the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi , the government said . A count from six hospitals totaled at least 36 dead and 139 wounded , a Health Ministry official said at a news conference Saturday . The situation in the city appeared calm so far on Saturday , according to residents , and no fighting had been reported . A retired military general led Libyan troops and other forces loyal to him in a deadly attack Friday against Islamist militants in and around Benghazi , Libyan media reported . The government disavowed the action . Retired Gen. Khalifa Haftar , who participated in the 2011 rebellion that ousted dictator Moammar Gadhafi , launched the attack that supporters said was an attempt to clear the city of extremist groups , CNN affiliate Libya Awalan TV reported . Meanwhile , the spokesman for Haftar 's military force made a televised statement calling on residents in three neighborhoods to evacuate , raising concerns about renewed fighting . "  An urgent call to our people residing in al-Quwarsha , Sidi Faraj and al-Hawari , to evacuate their homes and neighborhoods to preserve their lives and for their safety " said Col. Mohammed Hijjazi , the spokesman for Haftar 's self-declared Libyan National Army . It was not immediately clear whether residents were evacuating . Flight ban announced According to the Libyan state news agency LANA , The office of the Army chief of staff announced in a statement on Saturday a flight ban over Benghazi until further notice . The statement warned that any military aircraft flying over Benghazi will be targeted by army units , security forces and revolutionary forces under its command . The revolutionary forces phrase is a term the government uses to describe state-sanctioned militias . The statement came after residents on Friday reported that aircraft , including helicopters , took part in Haftar 's assault , striking some militia bases . The prime minister said that at least one air force jet was used in the attack without government orders . Late on Friday , LANA quoted sources in Benghazi as saying at least one member of the jihadist group Ansar al-Sharia was killed on Friday when an aircraft struck the group 's base in the city . International carriers including Tunisair , Royal Jordanian and EgyptAir canceled their flights to Benghazi on Saturday after authorities announced closing the airport on Friday night . The director of Benghazi 's Benina International Airport , Ibrahim al-Farkash , told Libyan Television that authorities decided to close the airport as of 8 p.m. Friday as a "  precautionary measure . " He said the closure was for the safety of passengers and the airport , adding that the airport road was not safe , either . Awash in armed groups Residents and officials have blamed the violence that has gripped Benghazi on militant groups , including Ansar al Sharia . The United States designated that group a terrorist organization this year , and has accused it of being involved in the 2012 attack that killed four Americans -- including U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens -- at the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi . Official Libyan security forces have struggled to deal with hostile militias , so the government has relied on other militias , many on the state 's payroll , in an attempt to enhance security . But various other political forces also have relied on militias , leaving the country awash in armed groups -- many who refused to disband after the revolution -- with competing agendas and loyalties .	NEW : A flight ban over Benghazi is announced The city appears calm a day after a spasm of violence At least 139 people wounded , Health Ministry says Libya has been struggling to deal with violence since Moammar Gadhafi 's ouster
CNN  -- Red Bull and Ferrari have pulled out of the Formula One Teams Association due to conflict over proposals for cost cutting in the elite motorsport . The umbrella group was formed at Ferrari 's Maranello base in 2008 to help the teams protect their interests in talks with ruling body the FIA and F1 's rights holders . While the Italian marque 's president Luca di Montezemolo was the initial leader of FOTA , since late 2009 it has been headed by McLaren chief Martin Whitmarsh . Hispania left FOTA at the end of the team 's first season in 2010 , and the latest defections mean that nine of the 12 teams on the grid are part of the group . Venezuelan retains Williams drive for 2012 "  Formula One , like the rest of the world , is currently going through a delicate period . Ferrari wants to work with all parties for the future of a sport that expresses the highest level of motorsport technology , " the 31-time world champions said in a statement on Friday . "  We must return to a situation where F1 is really a test bed for advanced technological research , the results of which can be transferred to Granturismo cars . In addition , we must not forget that this sport must become more user-friendly and more accessible to the general public . "  Furthermore , it can not be the only professional sport where it is practically impossible to do any training : the number of days of testing must be increased so that the drivers , especially the young ones who lack experience and the teams , can be adequately prepared , as well as providing more opportunities for them to come into contact with spectators and sponsors . " Red Bull have dominated F1 in the past two years , winning the constructors ' title twice as Sebastian Vettel became the sport 's youngest double world champion . "  Red Bull Racing can confirm it has served notice to withdraw from FOTA , " the UK-based Austrian outfit said in a statement on Friday . "  The team will remain committed to finding a solution regarding cost saving in Formula One . " Ferrari -- whose last world title was the 2008 constructors ' crown -- will also continue to work within F1 's Resource Restriction Agreement , which aims to control costs . "  It was a difficult decision and a great deal of thought went into it . It was taken reluctantly after analyzing the current situation and the stalemate when it came to debate on some issues that were at the core of why the association was formed , " the team said . "  Some of the major achievements of the association during these years , also worked out in conjunction with the FIA , centered around cost reduction , which was of significant benefit to everyone , the big teams and the small ones . "  Ferrari was on the front line in this area , even before the birth of FOTA , and it intends to continue down this route to ensure the sustainability of the sport in the long term . "  Now however , it is necessary to find some new impetus to move it along because FOTA 's drive has run its course , despite the excellent work of current president Martin Whitmarsh in trying to reach agreement between the various positions for the common good . "	World champion marques withdraw from the F1 teams association Ferrari and Red Bull unhappy about proposals for cost cutting Their withdrawal means nine of the 12 teams on grid are represented Ferrari hoping sport will return to earlier ideals of cutting-edge technology
CNN  -- Dana White loves a good fight . But the Ultimate Fighting Championship president may have second thoughts about mixing it up with members of the hacker collective Anonymous on Thursday night on Twitter , where he was on the receiving end of a brutal punch . White 's personal information , including his Social Security number , cellphone number and address , was published online just moments after the exchange , in which he defended his company 's support of the controversial -- and now-shelved -- Stop Online Piracy Act . The UFC 's website was also hacked for the second time in a week . The mixed-martial-arts promoter 's parent company was a supporter of SOPA , which was intended to crack down on digital piracy . The company , Zuffa , says many of its fights are posted illegally online , either for free or with the pirate sites selling advertising on them . The back-and-forth kicked off shortly after 9 p.m. when one of the more popular Twitter accounts associated with Anonymous called out White -- an avid Twitter user -- for comments he made in a recent interview . After UFC 's site was briefly hacked last weekend  traffic was redirected to a site associated with Anonymous  White called the Internet "  a place where cowards live " and compared hackers to terrorists . "  The way this whole thing has gone down , them hacking our site is the best thing they ever could have done for us . Because what that does is , now , you look like terrorists and now a lot of people who were afraid of you now hate you , " White told Ariel Helwani of MMA Fighting . "  Is this bill perfect ? No . No bill is perfect . I think this thing started off with the right idea . Stealing is stealing ... . It 's not right and there 's something that needs to be worked out . " He wrapped up with a UFC-style challenge . "  I 'm not afraid of you , " White said . "  You do n't scare me . Do it again . I do n't care . " Of course , they did . "  Ahoy @danawhite - what do you have against the Internet ? We 're just curious , as we were quite surprised at the harsh tone of your comments , " wrote the people behind the Twitter feed @YourAnonNews . White responded : "  I love the Internet . It helped us grow our biz . Stealing is stealing ! And hacking into people 's s -- is terrorism . " What followed was a sometimes profane back and forth with White defending his company 's stance and Anonymous members or sympathizers either lobbing attacks or defending their own group 's efforts , which have included attacking Mexican drug cartels and oppressive governments . "  If you guys want to change the world good for you ! " White wrote . "  Just do n't steal my s -- . " He argued that his fighters suffer financially when UFC money is siphoned away and cited the company 's own "  outsider " pedigree , noting that mixed martial arts were banned in many states before gaining widespread recognition . Between live bouts , pay-per-view sales , video games and other products , the UFC is now a billion-dollar industry . For a brief moment Thursday , it looked like everyone would walk away happy . "  Why do n't you read thru our dialogue with him . It was actually quite pleasant and civil ... no s -- talking that we can see ! " the YourAnonNews account tweeted to another Twitter user . But minutes later , someone posted a document on the site Pastebin showing what appears to be White 's Social Security number , cellphone number , address , legal cases and other information -- including his wife 's name .  A later , edited version removed family information  . The UFC site also was hacked again , with Anonymous logos briefly appearing on its main page . White did not mention either hack on his Twitter feed Friday morning , having moved on to promoting a fight card set for Saturday night . Anonymous , of course , was n't so quiet . "  We wonder if @danawhite will ask #Anonymous to hack him again tomorrow , " YourAnonNews wrote .	UFC 's Dana White hacked , info published after Twitter fight with Anonymous White supported Web piracy bills that Anonymous opposed White 's Social Security and cellphone numbers appear to have been posted online
CNN  -- Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , who is on a three-country tour in Latin America in a bid to build support for U.N. recognition of a Palestinian state , met with the president of El Salvador on Sunday . Salvadorian President Mauricio Funes expressed his support for a Palestinian state and said that he hopes it will soon have a place at the United Nations , according to the president 's website . "  We want to strengthen our relationship with Palestine ... and contribute to the reestablishment of talks between Palestine and Israel , " said Funes . El Salvador recently recognized the Palestinian territories as a "  free , sovereign and independent state , " the website said . Abbas made the bid for the United Nations to recognize a Palestinian state last month , a move Israel says is premature without direct talks that address its longstanding security concerns . A U.N. committee is expected to issue a report on its analysis of the historic Palestinian bid soon . If a majority of the committee says the prospective Palestinian state fulfills the U.N. charter 's requirements , it will send the application back to the full Security Council for a vote . The Palestinians would then need nine of 15 votes in their favor , and no veto from any of the five countries that are permanent members of the Security Council . U.S. officials have vowed to block the measure , though they most likely want to avoid an American veto out of concern over a potential backlash across the Middle East . The General Assembly , however , could still vote to upgrade the status of Palestinians , who currently hold the status of nonvoting observer "  entity . " The body could change that status to permanent observer "  state , " identical to the Vatican 's standing at the United Nations . Abbas ' effort to gain U.N. recognition of a Palestinian state is also opposed by Hamas , the Palestinian organization that controls Gaza . He previously visited the Dominican Republic and is scheduled to wrap up his tour in Colombia this week . Journalist Merlin Rodriguez contributed to this report .	The Salvadorian president expresses support for a Palestinian state The Palestinian Authority president has called for U.N. recognition of a Palestinian state Mahmoud Abbas is on a three-country tour in Latin America
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- At least 441 people have died in floods in India from this season 's monsoon rains , federal authorities said in their latest report . An Indian child plays in a flooded street in Mumbai earlier this month . Flooding has affected more than 1.5 million people in parts of India , said the disaster management division of the federal home ministry . The country 's main weather office has warned of more heavy rain in western and central parts of India . Monsoon rains sweep across the subcontinent from June till September . Though they bring much-needed relief to often-parched farmlands , they also leave a trail of landslides , home collapses and floods that can kill . In neighboring Pakistan , torrential monsoon rains left more than three dozen people dead and broke a 32-year record over the weekend . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	7 die as bus carrying 40 passengers sinks in overflowing canal in eastern India 7-year-old girl and her mother among the dead Bus driver ignored warnings from his passengers about flooding in canal
Hong Kong  CNN  -- After his father 's death , a young prince , driven by suspicion , kills his uncle in a web of political intrigue . Sound familiar ? The classic Shakespearean drama "  Hamlet " is scheduled for a performance in North Korea in September 2015 by the Globe Theatre as part of a two-year tour to perform in every country . The parallels of staging a drama about an epic family power struggle in Pyongyang , where the country 's young leader Kim Jong Un had his uncle , Jang Song Thaek executed has raised a few eyebrows -- especially from human rights groups . Jang was considered instrumental in Kim 's rise to power , but Kim turned his back on his uncle in spectacular fashion late last year as Jang was branded "  a traitor for all ages " and executed on charges that he had attempted to overthrow the government . Human rights criticism "  If the Globe Theatre goes to North Korea , they should read up on the reality of the country before they get there , " said Niall Couper , a spokesperson for Amnesty International . North Korea 's human rights record came under heavy scrutiny last month in a 400-page UN Commission of Inquiry report that called the country 's stunning catalog of torture and abuse as lacking "  any parallel in the contemporary world . " "  No tragic play could come close to the misery that the 100,000 people trapped in the country 's prison camps endure -- where torture , rape , starvation and execution are everyday occurrences , " Couper said . The Globe defended its decision to visit the country saying that "  a policy of inclusion , rather than exclusion , is more true to the spirit of Shakespeare . " Called a Globe to Globe Hamlet tour , the group intends to travel to all seven continents -- irrespective of political situations . The troupe also plans to visit Syria , Afghanistan , the Central African Republic and Somalia in "  its most ambitious tour yet . " Shakespeare a "  force for good " "  We have always believed that cultural communication , and different peoples talking to each other through art , is a force for good in the world . In every country , we are going for one single and simple purpose : to play Hamlet there , " a statement released by the London-based theater said . Its "  Hamlet " production is described as a "  fresh , pared-down version " that lasts two hours and 40 minutes , with 12 actors and four stage managers using a portable stage . The theater stated that "  Hamlet " was first written when England was weathering internal tensions , repression and violence . "  Like all the best works of art , ` Hamlet ' instigates discussion and dialogue , and like any theatre , we wish to play to , and interact with , as many people as we possibly can , in as diverse a range of locations as possible . We do not believe that anyone should be excluded from the chance to experience this play , " according to its statement . The theater group is not the first to get blasted by human rights groups for performing in North Korea . Dennis Rodman , former NBA player , came under blistering criticism for holding a basketball exhibition and singing "  Happy Birthday " to Kim Jong Un . In 2008 , the New York Philarmonic held a controversial concert in Pyongyang , which was aired on North Korea 's state-run TV and radio . The lessons of "  Hamlet " may not extend to the young North Korean leader , said Amnesty 's spokesperson . "  There 's a dark irony in the fact that Hamlet focuses on a prince wrestling with his conscience , " Couper said . "  Kim Jong Un is no Hamlet . Sadly he shows no sign of wrestling with his conscience . "	Globe Theatre plans a two-year tour of "  Hamlet " to every country in the world Plans to perform in North Korea draws criticism from Amnesty International Parallels made to "  Hamlet " and North Korea 's leadership situation
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Somewhere in the world , a child dies of hunger every five seconds -- even though the planet has more than enough food for all . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon laid out this sobering statistic as he kicked off a three-day summit on world food security Monday in Rome . "  Today , more than 1 billion people are hungry , " he told the assembled leaders . Six million children die of hunger every year -- 17,000 every day , he said . The summit opened with the leaders adopting a declaration to renew their commitment to eradicating hunger . They promised to do so by promoting investment , reversing the decline in funding for agriculture and tackling the effect of global warming on food security . Urgent action is critical , Ban said . In 2050 , the world will need to feed 2 billion more mouths -- 9.1 billion in all . The steps Ban proposed included providing farmers with seeds and land and offering them access to better markets and fairer trade . "  These small-holder farmers are the heart and soul of food security and poverty reduction , " he said . "  Our job is not just to feed the hungry but to empower the hungry to feed themselves . " The summit came under criticism even before it began , with some aid groups skeptical that it would accomplish much . The United Nations hopes that donors will go beyond affirming their support to end hunger and fulfill a promise they made during a Group of Eight meeting in July to increase food aid significantly . Though more than 60 world leaders are at the summit , all but one of the G-8 leaders were absent . Italian Prime Minister Silvio Belusconi is hosting the gathering . The United States sent the head of the U.S. Agency for International Development , and Britain sent two ministers . During his speech , Ban also tied the global warming crisis to hunger eradication . The melting of Himalayan glaciers will affect the livelihood of 300 million people in China and up to 1 billion throughout Asia , he said . And African farmers might see harvests drop by 50 percent by 2020 . The United Nations has scheduled a climate summit next month in Copenhagen , Denmark . "  There can be no food security without climate security , " Ban said . "  They must produce results . "  The world is impatient for us to make a difference . I , too , am impatient . And I am committed . " The United Nations also seeks commitment from the public , making an online appeal for individual donations to fight hunger . The U.N. World Food Program 's "  Billion for a Billion " campaign aims to reach 1 billion individuals . "  If a billion Internet users donate a dollar or a euro a week , we can literally transform the lives of a billion hungry people across the world , " said Josette Sheeran , the World Food Program 's executive director . Small donations can make a big difference , Sheeran said . "  Year in , year out , governments have supported WFP in its mission to feed the world 's hungriest people , but they can not be expected to do it alone , " Sheeran said . "  It 's time for members of the public to act . "	More than 1 billion hungry , U.N. official says at summit for world food security Ban Ki-moon : "  Small-holder farmers are the heart and soul of ... poverty reduction " Some aid groups express skepticism about summit More than 60 leaders attend summit , but only one Group of Eight leader
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Venezuela 's Supreme Court has upheld the country 's presidential election results , ruling Wednesday against the opposition candidate 's challenge . The court also rejected a claim disputing President Nicolas Maduro 's Venezuelan citizenship -- ending one avenue members of the opposition had pursued to challenge the legitimacy of his presidency . After the closely watched April election to pick Hugo Chavez 's successor , officials said Maduro won 51 % of the vote . Maduro , Chavez 's political heir , was sworn in as president at an April 19 inauguration ceremony . Opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski had argued that the results were illegitimate and called for new elections . In May , the opposition filed a lawsuit contesting the election , presenting what it said was a long list of election irregularities that totaled more than 180 pages . Maduro has stressed that he won a clear majority of votes in the election and accused Capriles and his supporters of inciting violence . At a press conference Wednesday , Supreme Court President Gladys Gutierrez said that all the lawsuits filed challenging the election were invalid because they did not present enough proof or documentation , Venezuela 's information ministry said in a statement . In another push to challenge Maduro 's presidency , some in the opposition have resorted to a tactic familiar to Americans : questioning the birthplace of the president . In the Venezuelan version of the "  birther " movement , its proponents say Maduro was born in neighboring Colombia and is either a Colombian citizen or a dual citizen , either of which would make him ineligible to be president . The leaders of the movement took their complaint to Venezuela 's Supreme Court , to Colombian authorities and even to the European Union . Maduro 's supporters ignore the question as nonsense , and Maduro has repeatedly said he was born in Caracas . No birth certificate has been produced for Maduro . CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Samuel Santamaria and CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : The court also rejects a claim disputing the president 's citizenship Opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski had challenged results Supreme Court ruling upholds April 's presidential election Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro was sworn in April 19
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate Intelligence Committee received a classified document on Thursday that seeks to justify the administration 's policy of targeting Americans overseas via drone attacks , a congressional aide told CNN . The document was demanded by lawmakers , mainly Democrats concerned about secrecy in national security decisionmaking , ahead of a hearing later in the day on the nomination of John Brennan to become the next CIA director . It provides the Justice Department 's legal rationale for the controversial policy of using lethal force against U.S. citizens fighting on behalf of terrorist groups . The drone campaign against al Qaeda and its allies has been one of Brennan 's biggest legacies in the four years he has served as President Barack Obama 's chief counterterrorism adviser . "  It is critical for the committee 's oversight function to fully understand the legal basis for all intelligence and counterterrorism operations , " Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein said after the Obama administration disclosed late on Wednesday that it would turn the secret information over to relevant committees . According to an official who spoke on condition of not being identified , Obama decided to turn over the legal opinion because he believes the scrutiny and debate is healthy . Congress last summer received an outline around the policy that became public this week . However , it was a white paper that did not carry any legal authority and did not satisfy congressional demands for detailed information . According to the public policy group New America Foundation , at least 28 of al Qaeda 's leading members have been killed in drone strikes , including the U.S. citizen Anwar al-Awlaki , who officials said played an operational role in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . In a 2012 speech at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington , Brennan asserted that the drone strikes are legal under a military force authorization approved by Congress after the 2001 al Qaeda attacks on the United States . "  There is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for this purpose or that prohibits us from using lethal force against our enemies outside of an active battlefield , at least when the country involved consents or is unable or unwilling to take action against the threat , " Brennan said at the time . On Wednesday , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee said the attack that killed al-Awlaki was justified . "  This is somebody who had said that he did n't want his U.S. citizenship anymore , " Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , told MSNBC 's "  Andrea Mitchell Reports . " He said al-Awlaki had officially joined al Qaeda , and al Qaeda had declared war on the United States . " "  The legal basis of this goes back many , many years when U.S. citizens would go and fight for foreign nations that were engaging in combat with the United States , " Rogers said . "  So what they were saying is , once you 've made that choice , you no longer get the protections that you would . I mean , if you join the enemy overseas , you join the enemy overseas . And we 're going to fight the enemy overseas . " But civil libertarians and other groups have not been satisfied with the administration 's transparency or its policy . Christopher Anders , senior legislative counsel at the American Civil Liberties Union , told CNN that senators want answers to key questions around a program that Brennan was deeply involved in while at the White House . "  The most basic details of it have been withheld , " he said . Amnesty International also said Congress should grill Brennan on his claim that the administration 's drone strikes are "  conducted in full compliance with the law . " Iran says it has footage from downed U.S. drone "  Furthermore , Congress should immediately hold public hearings with independent experts to examine the administration 's legal reasoning and ensure that the administration is following the ` rule book ' for the use of lethal force that already exists : international human rights law and , in the very narrow circumstances to which it applies , international humanitarian law , " the group said . Moreover , Ben Emmerson , a United Nations expert on counterterrorism and human rights , announced plans in October to investigate U.S. drone attacks and the extent to which they cause civilian casualties . Opinion : John Brennan , Obama 's counterterrorist Obama defended it in an appearance last October on "  The Daily Show . " "  There are times where there are bad folks somewhere on the other side of the world , and you 've got to make a call and it 's not optimal , " he said . "  And sometimes you 've got to make some tough calls . But you can do so in a way that 's consistent with international law and with American law . " Opinion : Bring drones out of the shadows	The Senate Intelligence Committee receives the document from the White House The panel holds a hearing Thursday on John Brennan 's nomination as CIA director Brennan has asserted that drone strikes against U.S. enemies are legal Democrats and others sought legal rationale for decisions on drone policy
