CNN  -- Ayman al-Zawahiri , the longtime deputy to Osama bin Laden , will take over leadership of al Qaeda , according to a statement posted on several jihadist websites Thursday . The United States believes that al-Zawahiri has indeed taken the helm of the terrorist network , according to a U.S. counterterrorism official . Al-Zawahiri was widely regarded as al Qaeda 's de facto leader since U.S. special forces killed Osama bin Laden at a hideout in Abbottabad , Pakistan , on May 2 . "  Hereby the General Command of the Qaeda al-Jihad -- and after the end of the consultations -- we declare that Sheikh Dr. Abu Muhammad Ayman al-Zawahiri  may God bless him  will take over the responsibility of command of the group , " the statement said , attributed to al Qaeda 's "  general command . " It cited bin Laden 's "  martyrdom " and prayed "  to the Almighty to raise him to his heavens and reward him for his good deeds for us and the Islamic nation . " Al-Zawahiri 's official appointment to the terrorist group 's top post -- just a few days before his 60th birthday -- is "  not surprising , " the U.S. counterterrorism official said . "  He had been the number two . It was surprising it took a couple of days for al Qaeda to acknowledge bin Laden 's death and this long to say Zawahiri is the new leader . " One of the FBI 's most wanted terrorists , al-Zawahiri has played a defining role in al Qaeda . He was indicted for his alleged role in the August 7 , 1998 , bombings of the United States Embassies in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , and Nairobi , Kenya , that killed 224 civilians and wounded more than 5,000 others , according to the National Counterterrorism Center , part of the U.S. federal government . The FBI is offering a $ 25 million reward for information leading to his capture , the same amount as the reward for bin Laden . Al-Zawahiri 's wife and three children were killed in December 2001 in a U.S. attack on the family 's residence in Afghanistan . Asked whether the United States is any closer to finding al-Zawahiri as a result of information obtained at bin Laden 's compound or from leads resulting from a recent al-Zawahiri videotaped message about bin Laden 's death , the U.S. counterterrorism official said only , "  Obviously , he has been and will continue to be of high interest . " More on al-Zawahiri at CNN 's Security Clearance blog In a nearly half-hour video released this month , al-Zawahiri eulogized bin Laden , saying he "  went to his God martyred because he said no to America . " Al-Zawahiri also criticized the "  treacherous " Pakistani government and warned that America is "  not facing individuals or groups but an entire  Islamic nation that  rose from the ashes in a jihadi awakening to face its oppressors . " There will probably not be changes in U.S. counterterrorism strategy now that al-Zawahiri is leading al Qaeda , the U.S. counterterrorism official said . The al Qaeda statement can not be authenticated by CNN , but it appeared on radical Islamist sites known for posting similar statements and recruitment videos by other al Qaeda figures . It said the group will not shift its policies and pledged its support to , among others , the Taliban and leader Mullah Omar as the group battles U.S. and NATO presence in Afghanistan . The posting makes no mention of the pro-democracy uprisings in much of the Arab world that have forced the exit of some longtime leaders . Paul Cruickshank , a CNN terrorism analyst , said al-Zawahiri may have a hard time following bin Laden . "  Zawahiri has none of the charisma of bin Laden , " Cruickshank said . "  He wants to inspire people , not just who are joining the al Qaeda organization , but people who have never joined the al Qaeda organization and are trying to launch attacks in their name . Without bin Laden there anymore , they wo n't be as inspired . " Former CIA Officer Phil Mudd added al-Zawahiri is "  very poorly respected . " "  He is seen as a difficult man to work with , " Mudd said . "  He has no sense among the work force in al Qaeda , the kind of prestige that bin Laden had . " The U.S. counterterrorism official said the United States does not know whether al Qaeda members have pledged their loyalty to al-Zawahiri . Born into a wealthy family in Cairo , al-Zawahiri is a physician and founding member of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad , a militant organization that opposed the secular Egyptian government of Hosni Mubarak and sought its overthrow through violent means . Like bin Laden , al-Zawahiri also went to Afghanistan during its fight against the Soviets , although he was there primarily to offer medical expertise . By the 1990s , he refocused his attention on undermining and attacking the Egyptian government and , eventually , the United States . In 1998 , when the Egyptian Islamic Jihad effectively merged with al Qaeda , he sent a fax to the Al-Hayat newspaper warning Americans . Three days later , August 7 , suicide truck bombers carried out the embassy attacks . The al Qaeda statement Thursday showed the group 's commitment to leading jihad efforts around the globe . Citing Palestinian territories , Somalia and Chechnya , the statement said al Qaeda "  will remain on the path of righteousness as a coherent , solid , cemented rank , with one word that will bind us together , with hearts of affinity , and under one wholesome banner , battling one enemy . Even if the names may vary , there is no failing , no hesitation , no surrender . " CNN 's Saad Abedine , Hamdi Alkhshali and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. believes al-Zawahiri is leading al Qaeda , a U.S. counterterrorism official says NEW : It 's surprising it took this long , the U.S. official says NEW : Zawahiri 's video message this month contained a warning to America Statement pledges support to Mullah Omar but does not mention Arab uprisings
Burbank , California  CNN  -- Off the beaten path of the Los Angeles theater district , troubadours are resurrecting Shakespeare in an adaptation that would make the Bard smile . The Troubadour Theater Company has melded "  Two Gentlemen of Verona " with song and dance performed to music by the band Chicago and has rendered an energetic , comedic romp entitled "  Two Gentlemen of Chicago . " Troupes and their adaptations of "  Bardolatry , " as George Bernard Shaw coined it , come and go , riffing endlessly on Shakespeare 's tragedies and comedies , always searching for ways to breathe new life into the iambic pentameter of 500 years ago . But the Troubadour Theater Company , performing at Hollywood producer Garry Marshall 's Falcon Theatre in Burbank , has come upon an entertaining formula . The performers use live music , choreography , improvisation , audience interaction , and no small measure of humor and farce to create an evening of engagement and laughter . Much of the troupe 's magic comes from its improv , and performers apparently play pranks on one another , such as in one scene when Matt Walker 's Proteus toasts Rob Nagle 's Valentine -- with real booze , not some liquid stage prop . "  Oh , got the real thing ! " Walker says , nearly choking , during the March 17 performance . "  On St. Patrick 's Day , no less . "  Walker , who trained at improv mecca Second City , also directs the show . Other improvisations are equally witty . When Rick Batalla 's Thurio flubs a line , Beth Kennedy 's Launce jests him : "  Thurio , you are n't sharp enough -- especially with your lines . "  Kennedy is also the show 's producing director . That may be a bit unfair to Batalla , whose talents include playing the guitar and singing . The integration of Chicago 's ballads , played lived by seven musicians , makes for a nice fit in the romantic comedy narrative . Add in the troupe 's choreography , and the production is more than just a "  free-wheeling , no holds barred ... slapstick " that the stagebill touts . The show opens when Proteus and Valentine have had enough of another "  Saturday in the Park , " a Chicago standard . Later , both men fight over Sylvia by serenading her as "  You 're the Inspiration , " a popular Chicago ballad . Among the show stealers are Kennedy 's clownish Launce and his dog , Crab , which is a loveable pug . It 's always high risk to bring an animal into a live performance -- for who knows what could go wrong -- but Kennedy is happy to improvise and highlight the what-will-the-dog-do-next suspense . Kennedy and Crab amaze the audience by exchanging between themselves a high-five -- and then a low-five . When Crab turns his rump to the audience , with his tail high in the air center stage , Kennedy admonishes the animal with what everyone is looking at but is too polite to express : "  Why , you 're showing them your evil eye ! "  I 'm so sorry , " Kennedy tells the gallery , all laughing . The Troubadour Theater Company 's "  Two Gentlemen of Chicago " runs through April 22 at the Falcon Theatre in Burbank , California .	"  Two Gentlemen of Chicago " is an adaptation of Shakespeare 's "  Two Gentlemen of Verona " Song and dance in the production is set to the music of the band Chicago
CNN  -- Martin Kaymer stretched his lead at the top of the U.S. Open leaderboard with a second successive round of 65 at Pinehurst No. 2 Friday . The German 's combined score of 130 over two days is the lowest 36-hole score in the history of the U.S. Open . The record was previously held by Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy who carded 131  65 and 66  over the first two rounds as he went on to win the 2011 U.S. Open at the Congressional Country Club 's Blue Course in Bethesda , Maryland . "  I played very well , " former world No. 1 Kaymer told the U.S. Open website upon reaching the clubhouse . "  I had some good rounds in the past as well . But yesterday and today , especially today , the way I worked my way around the course ... I hit some smart shots . "  I did n't play too aggressive and when I had a good number , I went for the flag and I did n't make many mistakes on the greens . I did n't three putt , I made a lot of good putts today and yesterday . " At 10 under par , Kaymer was six shots clear of second-placed American Todd Brendon going into the weekend , as he seeks his second major title . Brandt Snedeker and Kevin Na were a shot behind compatriot Brendon at three-under-par while a group of five players including Dustin Johnson and Henrik Stenson were tied for fifth on two under . Despite his considerable advantage Kaymer -- who won the U.S. PGA Championship in 2010 and picked up the Players Championship at Sawgrass last month -- refused to look beyond Saturday , where he hopes to maintain his lead . "  It 's not a done deal , " the world No. 28 said . "  The last three , four holes , I got a little bit tired . I did n't swing as good as the first 14 holes . " Kaymer 's wariness is perhaps understandable given a poor spell of form suffered over the last 18 months . But current world No. 1 Adam Scott was less convinced by talk of Kaymer 's perceived slow finish . "  If he does it for two more days , then we 're all playing for second spot , " the Australian told reporters . Scott was tied for 14th position at level-par but still holds out a slim chance of catching the runaway leader . "  We all know that U.S. Opens get very difficult and if I can just somehow put together two really good rounds , maybe slowly but surely I 'll creep my way up towards Martin . " Elsewhere on the course , two bogeys on the final three holes made for a disappointing finish for in-form young American Jordan Spieth , who ended the day at one-under-par , nine off the pace . The 20-year-old , who tied for second at the Masters in April , was equal 10th alongside McIlroy  68  , world No. 5 Matt Kuchar  70  and fellow American Chris Kirk  68  . Meanwhile , reigning U.S. Open champion Justin Rose shot a carded a 69 to finish the day at one-over-par after a difficult 72 on Thursday . Six-time runner-up Phil Mickelson was tied for 33rd after a 70 . Masters champion Bubba Watson shot the same score , but missed the cut by one stroke following his opening 76 . Former world No. 1 Luke Donald will also miss the weekend rounds along with major champions Charl Schwartzel , Angel Cabrera , Geoff Ogilvy , Darren Clarke and Lucas Glover .	Martin Kaymer scores second 65 in two days at U.S. Open German makes lowest 36-hole total in tournament 's history Former world No. 1 holds six-shot lead over second-placed Todd Brendon
CNN  -- Since "  The Tree of Life , " reclusive filmmaker Terrence Malick 's fifth film in four decades , premiered at Cannes earlier this week , the 2 1/2 - hour long impressionistic tone poem has elicited mixed reactions ranging from scattered boos to walkouts to long standing ovations . When the film took the coveted Palme d'Or at the end of the festival , the buzz was deafening . So what 's the big deal ? Let 's get the things we already know about the ambitious film out of the way first : It stars Brad Pitt as a stern but ultimately disappointed father of three boys in 1950s Texas , Jessica Chastain as his luminescent wife and Sean Penn as one of their grown-up sons many years later ; there is little in the way of linear narrative or dialogue outside of breathy voiceovers contemplating the existence and disposition of God ; there are lengthy sequences of volcanoes erupting , cells dividing and many other awe-inspiring natural phenomena that recall both "  Nova " and "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " ; and , yes , there are CGI dinosaurs . A tough sell to be sure , especially for Americans who would rather stick with the familiar territory of "  The Hangover Part II " or "  Kung Fu Panda 2 " than a meditation on how the lives of this family coincide with the birth of the entire universe  enter the dinosaurs  , but stay with me . What the film lacks in traditional box office appeal , it more than makes up for in stunning visual effects and a unique , poetic perspective on family , faith , loss of innocence and reconciliation that will stay with you long after you may finish scratching your head at the film 's conclusion . The complaints about "  The Tree of Life " center around the fact that while some plot and conflict is established , nothing ever really happens . It 's more or less true , but it misses the point . In as spiritually minded a movie as "  The Tree of Life , " it only makes sense that the journey would be the destination . Or , as the film 's stars put it at a press conference in Cannes : "  It 's like  Malick  is waiting with a butterfly net to catch what was going by that day , " Pitt said . "  It 's all about capturing an accident , " Chastain added . "  He would be shooting and Brad would be wonderful and then there 'd be a woodpecker nearby and he 'd turn to that . You ca n't plan any moment . " For a viewer , this so-called aimlessness may sound frustrating , but Malick is nothing if not meticulous . He juxtaposes explosive imagery and a soaring operatic score with smaller , tender moments like natural light shining through blades of grass and a baby 's first steps to create the complete mood and mosaic of "  The Tree of Life . " Ultimately , that is this film 's strength . In a move that rankled many at Cannes , Malick declined to do any press and was only on hand unexpectedly and briefly at the Palais to premiere the film . Pitt described the absence as the auteur 's preference to focus on "  building a house , not selling the real estate . " Still , with a movie that raises more questions than it answers , the public wanted Malick 's help interpreting the film . We say just see it . And then maybe see it again . It 's a work of art to experience and behold , but do n't try too hard to dissect it , because the whole does n't always live up to the sum of its extraordinary parts . Have you seen "  The Tree of Life " ? Tell us what you thought in the comments . "  The Tree of Life " is open in limited release in New York and Los Angeles , with wide release on July 8 .	The film stars Brad Pitt as a stern , disappointed father of three boys in 1950s Texas Penn plays one of his grown-up sons many years later While some plot and conflict is established , nothing ever really happens , is one complaint
The "  kill switch , " a system for remotely disabling smartphones and wiping their data , will become standard in 2015 , according to a pledge backed by most of the mobile world 's major players . Apple , Google , Samsung and Microsoft , along with the five biggest cellular carriers in the United States , are among those that have signed on to a voluntary program announced Tuesday by the industry 's largest trade group . All smartphones manufactured for sale in the United States after July 2015 must have the technology , according to the program from CTIA-The Wireless Association . Advocates say the feature would deter thieves from taking mobile devices by rendering phones useless while allowing people to protect personal information if their phone is lost or stolen . Its proponents include law enforcement officials concerned about the rising problem of smartphone theft . "  We appreciate the commitment made by these companies to protect wireless users in the event their smartphones are lost or stolen , " said Steve Largent , president and CEO of CTIA . "  This flexibility provides consumers with access to the best features and apps that fit their unique needs while protecting their smartphones and the valuable information they contain . " HTC , Motorola , Nokia are among the other smartphone makers who have signed up , along with carriers AT&T , Verizon , T-Mobile , Sprint and U.S. Cellular . The feature would let a phone 's owner erase contacts , photos , e-mail and other information , and lock the phone so it ca n't be used without a password . The feature , which will be offered at no cost to consumers , also will prevent the phone from being reactivated without an authorized user 's consent . The data would be retrievable if the owner recovers the phone . Some phone makers already include the ability to remotely wipe phones . In Apple 's latest mobile operating system , iOS 7 , a feature called Activation Lock lets users prevent their phones from being reactivated even if they 're reset . The new pledge marks a reversal for wireless carriers , who have resisted making the kill-switch feature mandatory . Industry representatives have said they fear hackers exploiting remote-kill technology , while critics accuse the industry of not wanting to lose revenue from replacing and activating stolen phones . Carriers have faced mounting pressure from lawmakers , some of whom are working on laws at the state level that would require remote shutdown capability . In Minnesota , the state legislature could pass a mandatory kill-switch bill as early as next week . Oregon state Sen. Bruce Starr , president of the National Conference of State Legislatures , said his group "  applauds today 's announcement unveiling the wireless industry 's commitment to reduce the number of smartphone thefts each year by providing anti-theft tools on future devices . " "  This voluntary effort serves as another positive illustration of the wireless industry adapting to address consumer needs through self-regulation , " he said . But an optional deal did n't go far enough for others . "  The wireless industry today has taken an incremental yet inadequate step to address the epidemic of smartphone theft , " said California state Sen. Mark Leno , who represents parts of San Francisco , in a statement . "  Only weeks ago , they claimed that the approach they are taking today was infeasible and counterproductive . " Leno fears that because consumers would need to activate the feature , many phones would remain unprotected . "  While I am encouraged they are moving off of that position so quickly , today 's ` opt-in ' proposal misses the mark if the ultimate goal is to combat street crime and violent thefts involving smartphones and tablets . "	"  Kill switch " will become standard on smartphones in U.S. in 2015 The tech allows users to wipe and shut down their phones remotely Apple , Google and Samsung are among those signed up Many states may soon make such features mandatory
Beijing  CNN  -- Cui Shufeng is a retired government worker in Beijing . She is one of the lucky homeowners who bought her place long before the housing sector galloped out of reach for the average Chinese salary worker . "  It is ridiculously high , " she says pointing to apartments in her neighborhood . "  These homes near the school here are CNY 70,000  USD$ 11,400  per square meter . It 's not even worth 7000 yuan  USD$ 1140  per square meter because it 's not even good quality . " Her concern is on the radar of the central leadership that is expected to discuss economic reforms at the plenary session starting Saturday . For Chinese leaders , the property sector is an emotional and political hot potato . The dream to own a home is a far out of reach for tens of millions of Chinese citizens . In the latest housing data , new home prices for September rose at the fastest pace in almost three years . In Beijing , new home prices were up 16 % , Shanghai 17 % and Shenzhen 20 % from a year ago . "  The problem is Chinese people have very few investment vehicles . They 've lost trust in the stock market so they turn to real estate , " says Xu Si Tao , China Director of the Economist Intelligence Unit . Xu says the central leadership needs to make bold steps in financial reforms to give citizens more options to invest their money . One measure China is considering is to allow banks to set their own interest rates , creating more competition . I was in Beijing two weeks ago and visited a luxury villa compound . It was a large site with tens of dozens of completed but mostly empty villas . A worker in the sales office told me the average home was priced at CNY 23 million  USD$ 3.8 million  and most were sold . He said half were owner-occupied  though I saw very little sign of residents  and the other half purchased as investments . I was told the supermarket in the center of the compound was open and often used by residents . It was clearly still under construction . When I pointed this out , I was then told the grand opening would be next year . Message : The bubble is alive and growing . These villas are a pretty -- and by most appearances , empty -- place to park money . Cui shakes her head at the dilemma facing the government . She does n't believe recent curbs will work like a ban on third home loans in Shanghai . "  I do n't think home prices will drop sharply because our economy is still doing okay , " she says . "  Our child bought a home in the U.S. recently . The price was about the same as a flat in Beijing , but the area is a lot bigger and the quality is much better . "	Despite Beijing moves to cool the property market , prices continue to rise In Beijing , home prices were up 16 % , Shanghai 17 % year-on-year in September Economist : "  The problem is Chinese people have very few investment vehicles " Central leadership expected to discuss reforms at the plenary session starting Saturday
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton on Tuesday defended Obamacare against "  a noisy minority " in Congress and described some Republicans ' legislative tactics to defund the landmark program as "  deeply distressing " and "  bad politics . " "  This president is not going to agree to defund health care , " Clinton said at a health panel just before President Barack Obama was to make an appearance . "  If they want to vote to shut the government down , that 's on their head and their responsibility and if they go even further , which is deeply distressing , and for the first time lead our country into default on our obligations that is not just partisan politics , " Clinton said at the Clinton Global Initiative established by her husband , who was also in attendance . 8 answers on Obamacare and the shutdown A default would go to "  the heart of our credibility around the world -- not just our economic leadership but our political and strategic leadership , " Clinton said . "  So I hope our friends on the other side of the aisle -- and it 's a minority , but it 's a noisy minority -- understands this is not right to do , and this is bad politics to do . " Later in the panel , Obama and former President Bill Clinton -- both Democrats -- defended the health care reform . Obama said some Republicans ' effort to resist the reform -- making it No. 1 on their agenda -- "  is wrong . " Opponents of the health care law are trying to "  scare " Americans about the program , Obama said . "  So what you have had is an unprecedented effort , that you have seen ramp up over the last month or so , in which those who have opposed the idea of universal health care in the first place , and have fought this thing tooth and nail through Congress and through the courts and so forth , are -- have been trying to scare and discourage people from getting a good deal , " Obama said . "  And so some of you may have seen some of the commercials out there that are a little wacky . " Bill Clinton praised the health initiative , saying it will make Americans "  healthier " in the next decade . How long can Hillary wait ?	NEW : Opponents are "  trying to scare and discourage people , " Obama says "  This president is not going to agree to defund health care , " Hillary Clinton says She makes comments just before Bill Clinton and President Obama hold panel talk "  It 's a minority , but it 's a noisy minority , " she says of Republican critics
CNN  -- Massive global greenhouse gas pollution is changing the chemistry of the world 's oceans so much that scientists now predict it could severely damage shellfish populations and the nations that depend on the harvests if significant action is n't taken . A new study from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts shows that ocean acidification is becoming a very serious problem . The study was published in July online in the journal Fish and Fisheries . "  What the study found was that in the next 10 to 50 years many countries are going to see impacts , particularly countries that are heavily reliant on clams and oysters and mussels , and will not be able to adapt by shifting to other foods or aquaculture methods , " said Jackie Savitz , senior scientist and chief strategist for the international ocean conservation and advocacy organization Oceana . Ocean acidification , or the changing chemical make-up of seawater , has occurred since the industrial revolution as ocean waters absorbed too much carbon dioxide . Carbon dioxide is a by-product of human industrial activities , mainly the burning of fossil fuels . The Woods Hole study found that many marine animals like mollusks and corals that build hard shells and skeletons are most at risk from this . Those countries directly impacted are mostly poor and developing nations that are heavily dependent on shellfish as main sources for protein , like Senegal , Madagascar and Haiti . But the research also suggests damage caused by ocean acidification could ripple across economies around the world . It 's already blamed for economic losses at oyster farms in the Pacific Northwest and the slowing of coral growth in Australia 's Great Barrier Reef , according to Oceana . "  The truth is , if you look at all the effects of ocean acidification , nobody really gets off the hook , " Savitz told CNN Radio . "  Impacts on coral reefs , for example , that can affect tourism , that can affect fisheries because fish depend on coral reefs . And when you look at those impacts , what you find is , in many cases , it 's the developed countries , like the United States , the U.K. and other European countries that will be impacted . " Even though this current study by Woods Hole found that ocean acidification is likely to have the worst impact on poor and developing nations first , it 's a problem with widespread impact . "  If you look at Somalia , where industrial fishing has fished out Somalian waters and the local fishermen ca n't get food anymore , what do they do ? " Savitz said . "  They turn to piracy . Who does that affect ? That affects anybody with a ship that 's going through those waters . They 've taken a lot of different ships hostage . So , ultimately , food insecurity can become a national security issue . " Savitz also said , "  If all these countries are going to have food insecurities because their clams or oysters are no longer available or because their fisheries are no longer available as a result of climate change , that could put pressure on other countries and it can affect all of us . " Savitz and her organization Oceana are urging more support for a clean energy sector , something the Obama administration has been pushing and trying to develop for several years , and an end to taxpayer subsidies for fossil fuel industries . CNN 's Ninette Sosa and Barbara Hall contributed to this report .	Woods Hole research says poor nations would suffer first But damage would ripple worldwide , study says First effects could be seen in 10 to 50 years , scientist says Acidification comes from carbon dioxide
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. and NATO have been quietly talking to National Transitional Council officials for the last several weeks about securing Libya 's remaining stockpiles of mustard gas and other weapons material in the event the Gadhafi regime fell , U.S. officials confirm . Topping the list of worries is Libya 's stockpile of mustard gas . "  The opposition forces are being asked to keep track of what 's going on " with both weapons of mass destruction  WMD  and the regime 's inventory of surface-to-air missiles , a NATO official said . "  We have had direct eyes on the storage facilities " of the WMD for some time , the official said , including the use of satellites , drones and other surveillance aircraft . The official also confirmed that intelligence personnel from the U.S. and other countries have been in Libya in recent weeks to help maintain security at various sites , although he could not confirm Western personnel are currently at those locations . "  Individual nations have folks on the ground , " he said . A U.S. official also confirmed U.S. intelligence personnel have been involved in monitoring WMD stockpiles inside Libya . Both officials declined to be identified because of sensitive intelligence matters . "  We hope those items do n't get out of control " of the NTC , the U.S. official said . He also noted the U.S. and NATO have told the NTC that now that it has been recognized by many countries , its personnel must conduct themselves within the realm of international law . Congress is already underscoring the worry . "  In particular , we must ensure that  Moammar  Gadhafi 's stockpiles of advanced weapons , chemical weapons and explosives do n't fall into the wrong hands , " said Congressman Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee in a press statement . Rogers is also concerned about the Libyan inventory of anti tank rockets and plastic explosives . CNN reported earlier this year that Libya still has approximately 10 tons of the deadly blister agent left in its arsenal , according to an assessment from the Arms Control Association . Much of the material has been located at the Rabta chemical weapons facility south of Tripoli . In 2003 , Libya agreed to destroy its entire chemical weapons arsenal , which included some 25 tons of mustard gas and 3,300 empty aerial bombs . The entire stock of shells and bombs was literally crushed by bulldozers in 2004 . U.S. officials say any chemical weapons material that remains in Libya would be difficult to "  weaponize " into a form that could be used to conduct attacks , and it 's not clear Libyan forces would follow any orders to conduct such attacks .	Nations have been monitoring missiles , mustard gas Intelligence personnel have been in Libya to help secure sites , NATO says About 10 tons of mustard gas known to remain
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepalese authorities Thursday detained at least 650 Tibetan exiles protesting against China 's policies in the province ahead of this weekend 's Olympic torch relay in Tibet , security officials in Kathmandu said . A protester is grabbed by Nepalese police during a demonstration in Kathmandu . Police also arrested and charged three local Tibetan community leaders with organizing the protest , after seizing them from their homes Thursday morning . It is the largest single-day round-up of Tibetan protesters in Nepal since the demonstrations broke out in March following China 's bloody crackdown on protesters in Tibet . It is also the first time that Nepalese authorities have charged any Tibetan exiles in connection with the protests . Nepalese police forcefully dragged some of the protesters to awaiting vans and drove them to police stations across the capital . Tibetan exile groups said 900 protesters were detained Thursday . Authorities said the three arrested leaders -- two women and a man -- were responsible for the near-daily protests since March and will be held for 90 days under Nepal 's public security act . "  They have been arrested for damaging the diplomatic relations between Nepal and China , " said civilian security officer Jaya Mukunda Khanal . The two women arrested and charged for organizing the protests were Ngwang Sangmo , president of Tibetan Women 's Association , and Tashi Dolma , vice president of the association . Also charged was Kelsang Chung , director of the Tibetan Reception Center , which helps Tibetan refugees in Nepal emigrate to India , where the Tibetan spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama , lives in exile . While they are the first Tibetan exiles formally arrested , protesters have previously been detained and released hours later . The crackdown comes days before the Olympic torch relay in Tibet . The torch relay wrapped up in China 's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region on Wednesday , and will continue in Tibet 's capital of Lhasa on Saturday , according to China 's Olympic Web site .	Nepalese authorities arrest at least 650 Tibetan exiles over China protest Police forcefully dragged some of the protesters to awaiting vans Protestors voice opposition to China 's policies in Tibet
Cairo  CNN  -- One person died and more than 300 were injured Friday when clashes broke out in Cairo as protests against the country 's military government turned violent , state media reported . Video from the scene showed some protesters throwing rocks at security forces , and the security forces spraying water cannons at the demonstrators , who were protesting near the country 's Defense Ministry . The protests erupted amid a backdrop of frustration about the pace of reform since Hosni Mubarak was ousted as president last year and over concern that Egypt 's military leadership is delaying the transition to civilian rule . One person was killed and 373 were injured in the clashes in the Abbasiya area , said Ahmed Ansari , director of Cairo 's emergency medical services . Egypt 's ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said a curfew will be enforced in Abbasiya Square and streets leading to it from 11 p.m. to 7 a.m. "  Those involved in  the  Abbasiya clashes and inciting them will be dealt with according to the law , " the Supreme Council said . Egypt 's state-run Nile TV showed at least two members of the military police suffering injuries and being carried away from the front line of the clashes . Thousands of people descended on downtown Cairo on Friday after several parties urged supporters to voice their outrage about deadly clashes this week and demand the resignation of Egypt 's interim military government . At least 11 people were killed and scores injured Wednesday in violence in Abbasiya , where a sit-in protest has been going on for a week outside the Defense Ministry . As the latest clashes gathered steam , Nader Abdel Aziz , a human rights lawyer , reported seeing warning shots fired in the air by security forces , as well as military helicopters hovering over the scene . Some military officers have been injured by rocks thrown by protesters , he said . Alaa Al Iraqi , Supreme Council spokesman , said officials warned protesters that the Defense Ministry was "  a red line " that should n't be crossed . "  They threw rocks first at the military police soldiers , insulted them and pushed through barbed wire , " the spokesman said . The rock-throwing injured several soldiers . "  No live ammunition of any kind was used except for standard protocol for dealing with riots , " he said . The Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing , the Freedom and Justice Party , was among those taking part in another protest in Tahrir Square , the heart of Egypt 's protest movement , under the banner of "  stopping the bloodshed . " At least three stages had been set up in the square , where a mostly Islamist crowd planned to demonstrate , according to Nile TV . Many are supporters of Islamist candidate Hazem Abu Ismael , who is among a number of candidates disqualified from the May 23 presidential election . Ahmed Maher , founder of the liberal April 6 movement , which was among those to join the protests in Abbasiya , said it was urging its supporters to pull back . "  We are withdrawing from Abbasiya to avoid and limit bloodshed . Some of our field medics will remain behind to assist only , " he said . The April 6 movement wants accountability from the Supreme Council for the Armed Forces for the deaths of protesters in the Abbasiya clashes Wednesday . The Ministry of Health earlier dispatched 70 ambulances to the Abbasiya protests , dubbed the "  Final Friday " march . And the Arab Doctors Association set up two makeshift clinics . The Al Nour Salafi party has boycotted the Abbasiya protest . The Supreme Council said on its Facebook page Thursday that the clashes in Abbasiya were aimed at delaying the presidential elections and stalling the formation of a constituent assembly . The Supreme Council also said that certain "  unnamed " groups have used verses from the Quran calling for jihad , or holy war , to try to draw the military into an armed conflict . The military had tried to persuade the protesters to move from their position near the Ministry of Defense to Tahrir Square , but they refused , the Facebook statement said . Controversy about the approaching presidential elections has been growing . The Muslim Brotherhood 's preferred candidate , Khairat El Shater , who was disqualified from running last month , was referred to the country 's general prosecutor Friday for insulting the election commission . Abu Ismael was also referred to the general prosecutor for alleged forgery . He was disqualified from standing because of evidence that his late mother had U.S. citizenship , an assertion he has denied . On Thursday , three other presidential candidates also were referred for alleged violations of election campaign law . The three candidates -- leading independent Abdel Monein Aboul Fettouh ; Mohamed Mursi of the Islamist Freedom and Justice Party ; and Amre Moussa -- were accused of breaking the law by holding meetings on college campuses . "  These infringements by the presidential candidates will be taken very seriously , and they will be questioned as soon as possible . They could be fined , " Adel Saeed , the official spokesman for the general prosecutor , told CNN on Thursday . The election commission has disqualified about 10 of the 23 presidential contenders , its chief has said . The disqualifications have prompted widespread anger . International powers urged all sides to exercise restraint after the clashes Wednesday . Assailants targeted the protesters in Cairo early Wednesday , medical sources said . At least 150 people were injured , Dr. Ahmed Thabet , a physician working in a field hospital near where the clashes took place , said Thursday . It was unclear who the attackers were , but they were not wearing uniforms , witnesses said . The Freedom and Justice Party blamed the Supreme Council for the deaths and injuries in the Abbasiya clashes , and it said that the council , not the protesters , wants to delay the transition of power . A government official denied reports that the military was involved in Wednesday 's violence . Clashes have erupted in Egypt since an uprising led to the toppling of Mubarak in February of last year , with protesters demanding the military leaders who took over hand over power to a civilian administration . Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Death , injuries reported in the Abbasiya area , state media says The military rulers announce an overnight curfew Political parties have urged their supporters to voice outrage over deadly clashes Wednesday Many are concerned about slow transition of power from Egypt 's military to civilian rule
CNN  -- Britain claimed three gold medals in an astonishing night of track and field action in the Olympic Stadium Saturday . Mo Farah rounded off a triumphant night for the hosts with a storming victory in the men 's 10,000 meters after Games poster girl Jessica Ennis delivered in the heptathlon and a surprise victory for Greg Rutherford in the long jump . Ennis , who held an unassailable lead after the sixth event , the javelin , treated the 80,000 capacity crowd to a thrilling finish in the concluding 800m , sprinting clear of her rivals to win in two minutes 8.65 seconds . It left her just 45 points shy of the magic 7,000 points barrier and 327 ahead of world champion Tatyana Chernova of Russia . "  I am so shocked , I ca n't believe it . I am so happy , " Ennis told BBC Sport . Rutherford headed the world rankings going into the Games , but his long jump gold -- the first for a Briton since Lynn Davies in 1964 -- was not widely predicted . The 24-year-old , who has battled injury in the past , took the lead in the fourth round with an 8.21 m effort and jumped out to 8.31 m in the fourth round , seemingly thriving on the incredible commotion which surrounded the gold for Ennis . It was left to Somali-born Farah to provide the icing on the cake and deny Ethiopian great Kenenisa Bekele a hat-trick of Olympic titles in the event . Staying off the uneven pace in the early stages of the 25-lap race , Farah slowly took closer order and finally took up the lead at the bell . He ratcheted up the pace to shrug off a clutch of dangerous challengers to cross the line in 27 minutes 30.42 seconds . His American training partner Galen Rupp took silver with Tariku Bekele edging out his brother Kenenisa for the bronze . A tearful Farah celebrated on the track with his daughter Rhianna and seven-month pregnant wife Tania . "  It 's never going to get better than this , this is the best moment of my life , " he told BBC Sport . Farah 's gold was the sixth of the day for Britain , who won two in rowing and another in track cycling to cement third in the medals table . An incredible night of action was completed by Jamaica 's Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce , who retained her Olympic 100m title in the fast time of 10.75 seconds . She edged out Carmelita Jeter of the United States win by just 0.03 sec with her Jamaican teammate Veronica Campbell-Brown taking bronze . It was further indication of the strength of Jamaican sprinting ahead of the men 's final Sunday where Usain Bolt defends his 100 crown under likely challenge from compatriot Yohan Blake and American Tyson Gay .	Britain win three gold medals on second night of track and field Jessica Ennis , Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford triumph Hosts claim six golds overall on eighth day of Olympic competition Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce retains Olympic 100m title for Jamaica
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Charlie Sheen threatened to kill his estranged wife over the weekend , according to a declaration made in a restraining order against the actor . "  I will cut your head off , put it in a box and send it to your mom , " Brooke Mueller claims that Sheen told her Sunday night . The revelations were in a court document that resulted in a court order that removed Charlie Sheen 's twin boys from his home . In an interview with NBC 's "  Today Show , " Sheen denied that he threatened her . The quote against him was fabricated , he said , calling the allegation "  colorful . " Mueller alleges Sheen was abusive to her and filed for a temporary restraining order and a custody order . "  I am in great fear that he will find me and attack me and I am in great fear for the children 's safety while in his care , " Mueller wrote in her declaration . She added , I am very concerned that  Sheen  is currently insane . " Sheen 's representatives had no response Wednesday to questions about Mueller 's claims . Mueller 's family members told CNN that Mueller went with an off-duty sheriff 's deputy and a nanny to get the 2-year-old boys . They said Sheen 's attorney spoke with Mueller 's attorney before Sheen handed over the children . But Sheen said he plans legal action to regain joint custody . "  You 're in my heart . Bob , Max , it 's your dada , " he said to his sons on CNN affiliate KTLA . "  I have never lied to you , and this is another example of that . I will see you soon . You 're in my heart and I love you . " Sheen said authorities arrived at his home Tuesday night . He said he remained calm and videotaped the entire episode . Mueller 's family members told CNN the sons were with Brooke Mueller , her mother and the children 's nanny . "  I think she is latching onto some of this recent press , " Sheen said of his most recent troubles . CBS halted production of the sitcom "  Two and a Half Men , " the show Sheen was starring in , after Sheen 's rant on a radio show last week . Sheen denied any anti-Semitic intent in the comments he made about his show 's co-creator , Chuck Lorre , whose real name , Sheen said , was Chaim Levine . "  I 've never had that in my past , " he said . "  You can look as deep and as far as you want . " But Abraham H. Foxman , the national director of the Anti-Defamation League , said in a statement last week , "  By invoking television producer Chuck Lorre 's Jewish name in the context of an angry tirade against him , Charlie Sheen left the impression that another reason for his dislike of Mr. Lorre is his Jewishness . This fact has no relevance to Mr. Sheen 's complaint or disagreement , and his words are at best bizarre , and at worst , borderline anti-Semitism . " Sheen has reportedly demanded an apology from the Anti-Defamation League for Foxman 's comments . Warner Bros. . Television said Tuesday it will pay "  Two and a Half Men 's " crew for the four episodes initially set to begin production this week . Warner Bros. spokesman Paul McGuire confirmed the payments will be made . Warner Bros. . Television is owned by Time Warner Inc. , the parent company of CNN . According to TMZ , the payments will amount to about $ 2 million for the 200 core crew members . On Monday , Sheen threatened during various interviews to sue CBS for halting production of the show . He also told NBC he wanted $ 3 million per episode instead of the $ 2 million he was previously making , but later backed off that assertion , telling CNN 's Piers Morgan that his only hard-and-fast demand was that he and the crew get paid for another eight weeks of work . He started a Twitter account Monday that had gained nearly 870,000 followers by Wednesday afternoon . "  My sons ' are fine , " he said on Twitter . "  My path is now clear ... Defeat is not an option . . ! " Sheen said he is determined to keep a public eye on what happens with his sitcom crew . "  I wanted to get everybody 's attention and throw the eyes of the world on this , and clearly my plan is working , " he told KTLA . "  I 'm going to keep shaking the trees until I get the answers I need . " CBS previously placed the sitcom on "  production hiatus " after the actor began rehab treatments , and had planned to resume taping on four more episodes this week . It 's not clear if "  Two and Half Men " will return for a ninth season . "  Everything is as it I stated at the beginning -- I am clean , focused and ready to get back to work , " Sheen said .	Sheen allegedly threatened Mueller over the weekend Sheen tells NBC 's "  Today " show he will fight to get his sons back His estranged wife filed a restraining order alleging that Sheen was abusive CBS halted production of his sitcom last week
CNN  -- The sculptures speak for themselves : Piñatas in the shape of decapitated heads bearing gunshot wounds adorn the walls of El Paso 's Public Library in Texas . Artist Abel Saucedo says the exhibit , "  Ciudad Juarez es the .1 " has drawn mixed emotions from viewers . The exhibit , called "  Ciudad Juarez es the .1 , " is the work of local artist Abel Saucedo , 24 , a recent arts graduate of the University of Texas in El Paso . Saucedo grew up in El Paso and Ciudad Juarez across the border in Mexico , and says violence is now a normal part of life on the border . "  Every time you have a conversation here violence is brought up . It 's on the front page , it 's part of everyone 's life , it 's a reality . I decided to use a piñata because it 's a way to identify with my culture , " Saucedo said in a phone interview . The collection , which Saucedo describes as post modern conceptualism , contains four individual piñata sculptures in the shape of cartoon heads a bit larger than life size . The heads look as if they have been severed at the bottom of the neck and they are adorned with red paint and shot wounds on the forehead . They are all men -- one has glasses , one a golden tooth , one is smiling , and one has a mustache . "  They do n't represent anyone in particular , just the violence in the border , " Saucedo said . "  I got a pressure gun and shot each piñata so it would look like a gunshot . I also filled the pressure gun with red paint so it would drip down the face , " Saucedo said . The pieces , which took Saucedo six months to complete , were received with mixed emotions . "  I have had all kinds of responses . People like them , they think it 's a great idea . People think its offensive , sad , it 's humorous , but people say it 's the truth . In art I 've learned that everything everyone says , it 's an opinion , " said Saucedo . El Paso Library spokesman Jack Galindo said the library had only one official complaint -- a man said he was "  very offended " by the pieces . The library receives around 1,592 visitors per day . "  As a person living here in the community , as an artist , this is my opportunity to speak , and it 's tragic . My family and friends have had to move , it 's tragic . I feel it 's my responsibility as an artist to represent those feelings , " said Saucedo . Enrique Torres , spokesman for the Mexican state of Chihuahua 's Joint Operation said the violence is as brutal as ever . "  We have anything from one dead a day to six or seven . Criminal groups have changed their strategy . They used to operate in high profile vehicles and large caliber weapons , now they use low caliber weapons and older model compact vehicles which are harder to detect , " said Torres . Chihuahua 's Joint Operation oversees 7,000 Mexican soldiers operating in Juarez working alongside 2,300 federal Police and local police forces . "  Ciudad Juarez es the .1 " will run until July 31 .	Artist says piñatas in shape of decapitated heads represent border violence Abel Saucedo used pressure gun with red paint to create gunshot wounds Saucedo says violence is a "  way of life " in U.S.-Mexico border communities "  Ciudad Juarez es the .1 , " is on display at El Paso 's Public Library in Texas
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- One of Chicago 's most well-known real estate moguls appears to have shot himself to death , police said . Steven Good was found dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot Monday , police said . The body of Steven L. Good was found in his Jaguar on Monday . The car was spotted in a parking lot of a wildlife preserve in Kane County , Illinois , just outside Chicago , authorities said . No note was found , and police say they do not know how long the 52-year-old had been in the vehicle . Good was the chairman and chief executive officer of Sheldon Good & Co. , a major U.S. real estate auction company . The death comes amid great turmoil in the country 's real estate industry . In his role as chairman of the Realtors Commercial Alliance Committee , Good commented on tough conditions last month at a business conference . On a memorial blog set up by the Chicago Association of Realtors , for which Good once served as president , friends and colleagues described him as a gregarious man with a big personality . He was a savvy businessman who built his company into a major national real estate company that did deals with Donald Trump , they said . "  It is testimony to Steve 's leadership that Sheldon Good & Co. remains well-positioned for the future , " said Sheldon Good President Alan R. Kravets . "  The guy was a true blue Realtor , " said Barbara Matthopoulos , the association 's spokeswoman . She was new to real estate when she met Good more than a year ago . He took time to give her advice that has helped her grow to love the business . "  Anybody who knew him would speak to his leadership , his generosity , his attitude . The guy was just very positive , always smiling , always telling you a story . He was engaged . Everyone is really very shocked , " she said . "  I doubt anyone could help explain why this happened . " Kane County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Lt. Pat Gengler said authorities do n't have any "  concrete evidence if this had anything to do with his finances . " The company was founded by Good 's father , Sheldon Good , in 1965 , according to the firm 's Web site . Steven Good had "  been involved in the sale of more than $ 4 billion of real estate , including commercial , office , retail , industrial , residential , and vacant land sites , " it says . "  Mr. Good is the driving force behind the expansion of the company , which has been ranked as the largest firm in the United States exclusively conducting real estate auctions . " Good , who was also an attorney , wrote a book , "  Churches , Jails and Gold Mines : Mega-Deals From a Real Estate Maverick . " According to Amazon.com , Donald Trump wrote the afterword . The first chapter begins , "  Our auction company is to the real estate business what Sotheby 's and Christie 's is the fine art and collectibles business . " The book goes to say that as of its 2003 publication , the firm had sold 40,000 properties totaling $ 8 billion . "  If you lined up 1,000 people and said pick the one that might do this to themselves , he would be the last person I would choose , " said Wayne Caplan , who worked at Sheldon Good for six years and knew Steven Good personally . "  He had a zest for life . He has a wife and kids and he had so much in his life . "	Steven L. Good was found dead of an apparent gunshot wound in his car Monday Good was a well-known real estate businessman in Chicago Friends , family shocked , saddened by what police say appears to be a suicide
CNN  -- The recent discoveries of a stunning trove of new vertebrate species from the Cape Melville area of northeast Queensland , Australia , show that we still have a lot to learn about life on this planet . Even though no place on Earth can be described as "  pristine " any longer , these creatures live in habitats that have been relatively little disturbed . They include a spectacular gecko and a frog whose eggs develop without a tadpole stage . New frogs from heavily explored Australia are somewhat surprising  there are now 239 species , with 25 added in the last 10 years  . New species are more likely to turn up in less-explored and more humid lands such as New Guinea . Papua New Guinea , 6 % the size of Australia , has 349 species of amphibians , 123 described in the last 10 years . But even with these discoveries , amphibians as a group are widely recognized to be in deep trouble . In a 2004 assessment , scientists sought to evaluate as many of the 5,743 known amphibian species as possible .  About 23 % of them , likely to be among the most threatened , were not evaluated because of lack of accurate information .  Of those evaluated , 43 % were declining and 33 % were globally threatened with extinction . The situation has only worsened since . Habitat destruction , new infectious diseases , introduced species  such as the cane toad in Australia  , and climate change , among many other factors , all have been implicated . Even so , more than 1,600 new species of amphibians have been discovered and described since 2005 , including 125 in 2013 so far . How can this paradox be explained ? The reports of amphibian declines , starting about 1990 , stimulated many young biologists to pursue careers in biodiversity research . A new wave of field biologists spread out over the globe to many of the last wild places on Earth . At the same time , increased sophistication in species detection developed in laboratories -- involving analysis of DNA , tadpole and larvae anatomy and mating calls recorded in the field -- have enabled scientists to determine that superficially similar creatures should be named as new species . New journals and online publications , like Zootaxa and ZooKeys , enable rapid publication of results and formal descriptions of new species , once a long and tedious process . The latest discoveries should not make us complacent . In no way do they replace or make up for those lost . Among the recently extinct species are such unusual species as the stomach-brooding frogs of eastern Australia and the golden toad of Costa Rica , with their unique life histories . And most , but not all , of the new discoveries are members of taxa with large numbers of similar species , and few novel lineages are being found . Most of the newly discovered species are also known from single places or from small geographic ranges and often in habitats that are at great risk of being changed or destroyed . These "  lost worlds " are still in danger of being lost . The biodiversity crisis is very real , and many of the new species of all taxa are themselves at risk . Nevertheless , the discoveries remind us of the richness of biodiversity on this planet and just how far we have to go in our race to catalog life on Earth before it is too late . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Wake .	David Wake : Discovery of trove of new species in Australia exciting , unexpected , instructive He says at same time , species being rapidly lost across globe due to human depredations He says this has led scientists to search for new species , but this ca n't replace ones lost Wake : The biodiversity crisis is very real , many newly discovered species are at risk
February 17 , 2015 Following ISIS ' targeting of Egyptian Christians in Libya , Egypt has struck back at the terrorist group . Following a study of tree ring and soil moisture data , NASA scientists are warning about "  megadroughts . " And following a holiday honoring U.S. presidents , discover some myths and lesser-known facts about their monuments in Washington , D.C. It 's all featured this Tuesday ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- When the first trailer for "  Star Wars : The Force Awakens " arrived last week , it posed one of the most pressing questions of our time : Is that new lightsaber design awesome or absolutely ridiculous ? In the "  Force Awakens " clip , we see a hooded figure whip out a lightsaber that has two mini-lightsabers protruding from its sides , essentially forming a lightsaber broadsword . Some fans were immediately all about the new lightsaber , but others were far less impressed . For many , the biggest issue was that the weapon 's design seemed flawed . But here 's who we had n't yet heard from in this debate : bona fide "  Star Wars " superfan Stephen Colbert . You see , Colbert has been a "  Star Wars " fan for at least two weeks longer than you have , since he won tickets to an advance screening two weeks before the first "  Star Wars " premiered in 1977 . And according to Colbert , the new lightsaber 's design "  is awesome " and "  perfect . " "  It 's a lightsaber with two mini-lightsabers on it ! It 's a menage-a-saber , " Colbert crowed on "  The Colbert Report " Monday . "  Sadly , there are some stuck-up , half-witted , scruffy-looking nerfherders out there who are n't thrilled with the new Jedi weapon . " So to all those who may fall in that camp , may we present to you Colbert 's detailed analysis of why the new lightsaber will work -- complete with whiteboard . The Colbert ReportGet More : Colbert Report Full Episodes , The Colbert Report on Facebook , Video Archive Anyone have a counter-argument ?	Stephen Colbert weighs in on lightsaber debate The new lightsaber was seen in the trailer for "  Episode VII " The debate has been raging since the trailer aired Friday Colbert : It 's a menage-a-saber
CNN  -- Everyone has tough days at the office , but when Drake has one it goes viral . The rapper has been picked apart online after he tweeted his feelings about his profile in Rolling Stone magazine . The magazine 's cover features the late Phillip Seymour Hoffman , who was found dead at age 46 on February 2 from an apparent drug overdose . According to Drake 's tweeted comments -- some of which he later deleted -- not only was he supposed to have the Rolling Stone cover , but the publication printed a quote that he called incorrect . "  I never commented on  Kanye West 's  ` Yeezus ' for my interview portion of Rolling Stone , " Drake initially posted on Thursday . "  They also took my cover from me last minute and ran the issue . I 'm disgusted with that . RIP to Phillip Seymour Hoffman . All respect due . But the press is evil . I 'm done doing interviews for magazines . I just want to give my music to the people . That 's the only way my message gets across accurately . " Actually , it 's not the only way . By the early morning hours of Friday , Drake turned to his website to give more clarity on his rage against Rolling Stone , and to apologize to the Hoffman family and those who were offended by his comments . "  These days are the worst ones , " Drake said in a lengthy statement . "  After dwelling on it for a few hours or days you will come to the conclusion that you brought it on yourself almost every time . So here I am having that moment . " Thursday , which also happened to be the fifth anniversary of his landmark "  So Far Gone " mixtape , was "  an extremely emotional day , " Drake explained . "  I completely support and agree with Rolling Stone replacing me on the cover with the legendary Phillip Seymour Hoffman . He is one of the most incredible actors of our time and a man that deserves to be immortalized by this publication . My frustration stemmed from the way it was executed . The circumstances at hand are completely justifiable  on the magazine 's behalf  , but I was not able to salvage my story or my photos and that was devastating . " Drake goes on to say that the issue was printed without him having the option to be in it or not , and that , had he been able to , he would 've "  waited until it was my time because I understand the magnitude of the cover they chose . But I just was n't given that option and that made me feel violated . " In the end , the 27-year-old said he wanted to apologize "  to anybody who took my initial comments out of context , because in no way would I ever want to offend the Hoffman family or see myself as bigger than that moment . I am still the same person . ... I respect Rolling Stone for being willing to give a kid from Toronto a shot at the cover . I guess this is a day to learn and grow . "	Drake lashed out at Rolling Stone on Twitter The rapper was upset that his cover had been replaced with Philip Seymour Hoffman He was also upset over a quote he said was n't right He later apologized for his reaction
OK , we can admit it . Even though Kate Upton spent six days in Antarctica posing in minimal clothing in below-freezing temperatures -- which she says led to hypothermia and frostbite -- we 're jealous . Why ? Um , because we do n't look like that in a bikini . Upton is the first model to be picked to do back-to-back covers for Sports Illustrated 's swimsuit edition since Tyra Banks appeared for the second time in 1997 . And you only have to look at the photos to figure out why . Fitness trainer David Kirsch started working with Upton in August to prepare for the December photo shoot . We reached out to ask him about her exercise regimen , the biggest mistakes he sees clients make at the gym and why a strong mind is just as important as a strong body . CNN : What was Upton 's training schedule like ? David Kirsch : The idea was to step up the intensity and duration of the workouts , making it a strict cardio and sculpting boot camp that entailed body weights and resistance bands , sprinting and calisthenics , shadow - and kickboxing . At the beginning , we worked out seven days a week , twice a day . Then we brought it down to five to six days a week for one hour a day . CNN : Was there a specific area she needed or wanted to tone ? Kirsch : Kate has beautiful , feminine curves , and I did n't want her to lose a crazy amount of weight . The goal was to lengthen and tone her thighs and inner thighs , and keep her butt perky . It was n't about dramatically changing her body ; I did n't want to do that . Just tighten , tone , lengthen . CNN : What was the most difficult thing for Upton ? What was the easiest ? Kirsch : Most difficult for her was the sprinting -- getting up to a sprint was challenging . And the easiest was the boxing and kickboxing , mostly because she loved kicking my ass ! CNN : Do you have a training motto or No. 1 rule for your clients ? Kirsch : My training philosophy is sound mind , sound body . That is my No. 1 rule . That and follow my ABCs : no alcohol , bread or processed carbs . CNN : What is the biggest obstacle people face in getting to the gym ? Kirsch : I think the biggest obstacle for most people is that they do n't think they have the time to work out . But if you follow my advice and do my express workouts , or break your exercise into 10 - to 15-minute increments throughout the day , you 'll find that you have plenty of time to exercise in small doses . CNN : What is the most common mistake you see people make while working out ? Kirsch : They do n't subscribe to my mind-body philosophy of training ; they 're not doing the correct exercise for their body type , or they 're distracted , socializing , using PDAs instead of focusing and visualizing . CNN : Give our readers the ultimate piece of advice -- something you 've learned over the years that they might not know . Kirsch : The mind is more powerful than any muscle in our body . With our mind focused , we can will ourselves to unbelievable greatness . We do n't imagine we 'll be posing on the cover of Sports Illustrated anytime soon , but maybe with Kirsch 's tips we wo n't be as afraid to shed our cover-ups come summer . Share your favorite workout or nutrition advice on Twitter with the hashtag #getfit .	Fitness trainer David Kirsch started working with Kate Upton in August Upton did a strict cardio and sculpting boot camp , Kirsch says Bikini model also followed Kirsch 's ABCs : no alcohol , bread or processed carbs
CNN  -- A man suspected of firing an assault rifle in a shootout with authorities , which happened shortly after he tried to force his way onto a Missouri military base , was arrested Thursday on a college campus , police said . Cody Wilcoxson was armed with an AK-47 gun when he was detained at the Missouri University of Science and Technology in Rolla , said Rolla Police Chief Mark Kearse . Police were able to take him into custody without any shots being fired on campus , he said . That was n't the case earlier , according to Kearse . He said Wilcoxson tried to get onto Fort Leonard Wood , a U.S. Army base more than 25 miles west of Rolla . The man did not manage to enter the military base . But afterward , the police chief said , he fired dozens of rounds of bullets from his assault rifle in a shootout with police . He then likely headed east down Route 44 to the university , Kearse said . Despite the exchange of gunfire , there no reports of injuries . CNN 's Rich Porter contributed to this report .	Missouri police chief says Cody Wilcoxson got in a shootout with police The suspect later went onto a college campus with his AK-47 , the chief says There he was arrested without more shots being fired ; no one was injured
CNN  -- Fancy gadgets that can be used to jam cell phone signals are illegal and potentially dangerous , experts say . So , why was Google lighting up Monday with people searching for them ? You can thank a guy in Philadelphia who got fed up with folks yakking during his daily bus ride and a local news reporter who happens to ride the same bus . Days after the story broke on Friday , the apparently fresh interest in the devices , which can be had online for anywhere from less than $ 40 to more than $ 1,000 , is cause for concern among some security experts . "  The general public does n't realize what they 're jamming if they were to start using these things , " said Richard Mislan , an assistant professor of computer and information technology at Purdue University who specializes in cyberforensics . "  What 's not obvious is all the wireless connectivity systems that are in the background and maintaining data communications in our daily lives . " Last week , Philadelphia TV station NBC10 reported on a man who admitted to using a cell-phone jammer during his bus commute to shut down fellow passengers when they were talking loudly . "  I guess I 'm taking the law into my own hands , and quite frankly , I 'm proud of it , " said the man , who the station identified only as "  Eric . " He called people using their phones on public buses irritating and rude . "  A lot of people are extremely loud , no sense of , just , privacy or anything , " said "  Eric , " who was first noticed by a writer for the station . "  When it becomes a bother , that 's when I screw on the antenna and flip the switch . " The story spread . And , apparently , piqued people 's interest . Throughout the weekend , and as recently as Monday afternoon , "  cell phone jammer " was one of the top 10 searches on Google Trends , cropping up between searches for Lindsay Lohan 's "  Saturday Night Live " performance and news about the Super Tuesday primaries . The legality of the jammers varies from country to country . In the United States , it is generally illegal to sell , own or use one without the government 's permission . The devices are offered for sale on a handful of websites . Mislan , a former communications electronic warfare officer in the U.S. Army , said law enforcement has "  very specific worries " about how cell-phone jammers could be used by criminals . But even someone looking to do no more than hush an annoying neighbor on the bus could do some harm , he said . For example , in the Philadelphia case , the jammer could have cut off the bus driver 's communication with a dispatcher who was trying to communicate emergency or traffic information . And that 's not to mention other folks in the area  aside from the offensive loud talkers  who may have missed potentially important phone calls . "  Who is he to play god with our cellphones ? " Mislan said . Jammers work in much the same way online denial-of-service attacks on websites do -- transmitting a signal on the same frequency as mobile phone calls in the area . "  In layman 's terms , they basically just interrupt the signals in the area , " Mislan said . "  They are a louder signal , if you will , than anything else in the area . As a phone tries to connect to a tower , it ca n't because there 's this other noise , if you will , in the way . " Under federal law , illegally using a jammer can result in jail time and fines up to $ 16,000 . So , if they 're illegal and potentially harmful , why is it so easy to find a jammer online ? "  It 's the Internet . I can buy anything I want , anywhere at any time , " Mislan said . "  Unfortunately , it 's all about the dollar . "	Philadelphia bus rider spurs interest in cell phone jammers Local TV station interviews man "  taking the law into his own hands " to quiet cell talkers Experts say people using the devices could jam police , other communications , too Still , jammers from $ 40 to more than $ 1,000 can be found online
CNN  -- After six months , 35 pounds of chicken breast and more than a hundred hours of exercising , Jason Dinant finally sees the fruits of his labor . There are six of them . The left image shows Jason Dinant in January . The right one shows him six months after exercising and dieting . Dinant , an iReport contributor who lives in Las Vegas , Nevada , revamped his lifestyle to get six-pack abs in six months . Before , Dinant never exercised and frequently gorged on processed and junk food . Although he was already skinny , Dinant wanted to get a more chiseled figure for his 10-year high school reunion and his blog called Naked Boy News , where he comments on current events while standing shirtless . Since January , CNNhealth has followed the progress of three iReport contributors , including Dinant , as they strive to meet their diet and fitness goals . During the last six months , Dinant jogged , lifted weights and exercised his core . He gave up his favorite Peppermint Patties , chocolate bars and cookies in favor of zucchini , chicken breasts and 16 egg whites a day . He gave up his Coca-Cola for water . "  It has really become a way of life , " Dinant said . "  I 've seen such good results . I feel so much better , seen such positive results . There 's no way I can go back to junk food and not working out . It 's been a life-changing experience . " See Dinant 's iReport submission . Detractors called his goal shallow and told him to wear a shirt , but Dinant was not easily discouraged . "  If your friends say negative comments , do n't pay attention , " he said . "  A lot of people are n't motivated to do this . It 's not that they do n't want you to succeed , but it 's just they do n't have the motivation to do it themselves . Sometimes friends unintentionally put negativity out there . Listen to your internal self and know not to give up . " Dinant 's new abs have landed him a spot on the New York City Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Pride March , where he will ride a convertible  and show off his six-pack  on Sunday . His car is to be accompanied by rows of shirtless men . But exercise physiologist Pete McCall , of the American Council on Exercise , showed concern when he saw Dinant 's before-and-after photo . While McCall neither met nor examined Dinant , and viewed him only through photographs , he noted that Dinant looked a bit "  emaciated . " Dinant says he has lost 3 pounds . People with too little body fat could be considered unhealthy , McCall said . He recommended that men have 7 to 8 percent body fat and that women have 12 to 14 percent . "  A six-pack should be the result of a consistent exercise program and a nutritious , well-balanced eating strategy , not the sole purpose of a training program and crash diet , " he said . Many mistake six-pack abs as a symbol for fitness . "  Having big , defined muscles does n't necessarily mean it 's a harbinger of good health or mean they 're strong , " McCall said . "  It 's purely aesthetics . " When a client talks about getting a six-pack , McCall would ask , "  How does that change your life ? How does having defined abs make your life better ? Are you stronger or more efficient at something ? " Dinant said the ab regimen helped him adopt a healthier diet , going from zero servings of fruits and vegetables to five a day . "  Now I crave fresh fruit and vegetables , " Dinant said . "  I will crave zucchini like a snack . I 'll cut it up then steam it . I 've been having peaches , apricots and plums . Plums are my new best friend . " Once a person has achieved a six-pack , he or she has to maintain the physique through routine daily exercise , McCall said . For people who are trying to get healthier , McCall recommended taking on performance-based goals rather than aesthetic ones . Dancers and athletes have the best-toned bodies , "  because they train for dance or sports , " he said . "  Basically , form follows function , " he said . "  If you put your aesthetic appearance first , you 're trying to train for the mirror . You 're never 100 percent happy with what you see . You always notice a flaw . " McCall suggested forming goals such as being able to run a certain distance or doing a number of pull-ups or push-ups to shift the focus from appearances to fitness . "  I feel 100 percent comfortable with my body , " Dinant said . "  This is the best New Year 's resolution I ever had in my entire life . "	Jason Dinant , an iReport contributor , revamped his lifestyle to get six-pack abs Dinant gave up processed and junk food , exercised 100 + hours for 6 months Having big , defined muscles does n't mean the person is stronger , physiologist says
CNN  -- Bryan and Donna Scott married a year and a half after meeting on the beach in their home state of Florida . For their wedding , they received several antiques that they often spent weekends fixing up . The hobby became a habit as they frequented garage and estate sales , looking for old lighting fixtures they could make new . Eventually , requests came in from family and friends who wanted them , and then from an online store Bryan set up . By 2008 , when recession caused many small businesses to close shop , the Scotts left their day jobs to grow the business , Barn Light Electric Company . "  I always tell people I became an accidental business owner , " founder and owner Bryan said . "  It just happened . It was so successful and grew so much . " The Scotts , both 48 , left careers in law enforcement and nursing to focus on Barn Light . The company , based in Titusville , Florida , manufactures and sells vintage-inspired lighting fixtures and has expanded into other industrial-styled goods . Last year , Scott reported , the company pulled in $ 10 million in revenue . It was n't always easy . They used their first profits to pay off bills in the event their success was only a flash . "  After we quit our jobs , it was scary at that point . I did n't know if it was going to last , " he said . Going from "  fixed income to being responsible for your own paycheck , " they realized that the livelihood of their three children and then-staff of three employees depended on Barn Light 's success . It motivated them to keep working hard and stay grounded . They 've been married for 29 years , Scott said , and building Barn Light made them stronger . He is the "  gas , " and Donna is the "  bricks , " he said of their collaborative management of the company ; he runs the manufacturing while she heads the administration , sales and marketing . He has some advice for others interested in turning their hobbies into a business . "  First , have a passion for what you 're doing and do n't approach it as a money-making opportunity , " he said . "  Second , find that unserved niche within your hobby and aggressively go after it . Third , be a good blogger/copywriter or find someone who can do this for you . " Scott attributes their success largely to being unique . They 're manufacturing vintage-inspired lighting styles and specialize in porcelain enamel finishes , a process the company says "  has not been seen in America for over 50 years . " The company bought the patents of old lighting businesses , including Benjamin Electric Manufacturing Company , and allows employees and customers to suggest ideas for new styles . A sense of family within the workplace and a strong connection to their Florida town has helped sustain and grow the business , they said . The Scotts both grew up in Titusville , famous for the Kennedy Space Center . They 've hired an eclectic group of employees , including longtime workers on the space shuttle program , coal miners and about a dozen convicted felons with whom that Bryan developed relationships and offered a second chance . "  They put heart and soul into the company . -LSB- They 're -RSB- some of our best workers , " Scott said , and noted that some of them are now in managerial positions . Johnny Bragg , manufacturing general manager for Barn Light and Bryan Scott 's uncle , calls Barn Light the best job he 's ever had . "  I 'm a veteran . I like American-made products , " he said . "  Employees take pride in their work . " Bragg thinks of his fellow employees as close friends , he said . They "  do n't just leave because it 's the end of the day but because they 've done a good job for Barn Light . " The company pays well , employees said , and has a sense of humor , too . After a string of visitors became pregnant after drinking from a certain water fountain , they hung a sign that says , "  Warning ! Drinking from this water may cause pregnancy . " One employee 's wife intentionally drank from the fountain to test the myth -- and turned out to be pregnant . They grew from a spare bedroom , to the garage , to a storefront and eventually , to three facilities -- shipping and assembly , porcelain enamel production and administration . The company is planning a move into one large building to bring their 80 employees under one roof in September , although projected growth suggests they might need to move in a few years . Locals may see a new building and go "  Oh , its Barn Light , they 're getting bigger again , " Barn Light 's communications coordinator Betty Lynne said . "  It speaks to his heart , " Lynne says of Bryan and the work ethic of the couple . "  He 's one of the few people I know that loves going to work every day and loves what he does . "	Barn Light Electric Company started as an interest in refurbishing antique lighting Its husband-and-wife founders left their jobs to grow the company Barn Light 's presence has helped to keep jobs in their hometown of Titusville , Florida Founder : "  Have a passion for what you 're doing ... find that unserved niche "
CNN  -- Those of us who love travel know it can be a life changer . Since making resolutions is de rigueur this time of year , why not resolve to take steps that lead to adventurous and memorable trips all year long ? Consider these eight resolutions for 2013 : Take off on your own -- even if you 're traveling with a group .  Especially if you 're traveling with a group  . While togetherness can be great , at a point we all need a break . If you 're an early riser , step out and stroll the half-empty streets before your fellow travelers get up . Longing to check out a boutique or museum no one else will appreciate ? Do it on your own . If you feel badly about ditching your companions , pretend it 's an adventure . Suggest everyone spend one morning or afternoon finding something they 'll later introduce to the group . Not only will you discover some cool new spots when you regroup , you 'll get to spend time alone inside your own head on your own personal treasure hunt . Everybody wins . Do n't let the lack of a foreign language keep you at home . No matter how many  or how few  stamps you 've got in your passport , hit the road anyway . When you arrive at your destination , those you 'll meet wo n't expect fluent French , Mandarin or Swahili to flow from your lips . But you still should at least learn the pleasantries in your hosts ' country -- as in "  thank you , " "  please , " "  excuse me " -- before you show up . If you have time and the funds , why not sign up for a brief language course in your hometown ? If you 're on a budget , your local library likely has phrasebooks or dictionaries you can borrow . Does a restaurant in your area serve food from your destination country ? Visit before you go and ask the staff to help you with a few words . Smart travelers know that it 's the small things that mean the world to those you 'll meet . Show respect by speaking their language -- even if just a little -- and you 'll get respect in return . Say you 're not a "  tour " or "  cruise " person ? Give one a shot . Many of us experienced travelers pride ourselves on making our own way in the world , seeking out B&B s and locally owned boutique hotels . We scour blogs and message boards for barely known ethnic eateries on the other side of the world . And once we arrive , we muddle through broken French-Turkish-Vietnamese-Urdu to figure out how to get around . But for a change , why not sign up for an excursion where someone else gets paid to do the planning ? When going to parts of the world where no one is likely to speak your language -- or if you 're visiting a place where it 's not especially safe to travel alone -- an escorted tour makes plenty of sense . Even if you think a cruise will be too confining , consider taking one based on your passions or interests . It could be American baseball legends , classic Hollywood films or the sounds of "  Soul Train . " Or set sail to a destination like Antarctica or Alaska , where being on the water makes navigation easier . Do n't be ashamed to fall back on what 's familiar . As someone who often writes about cuisine , I love fine dining , great wine and Michelin-star restaurants as much as the next foodie . Still , there are some days on the road -- even in incredible food destinations like Paris or Rome -- when I get a craving for McDonald 's fries and nothing else will do . And that 's OK . I still remember years ago when a Spanish corporate colleague hosted me for a day of sightseeing and shopping in Madrid and for a coffee break she took me not to a historical Spanish cafÃ © , but to Starbucks . I was appalled . But now as a more seasoned and far less snobby traveler , I appreciate it . I have an American friend who lives in West Africa , and when she recently came to Paris , what did she long for ? Stops at Starbucks and the city 's first Chipotle location . Sometimes you just want what 's familiar and comfortable -- so make no apologies and indulge . Vow not to leave vacation days on the table . Even though Americans earn less vacation time than most other industrialized countries -- a median 12 days , according to a recent Expedia Vacation Deprivation study -- they still tend to forgo two days . Whether folks think they ca n't financially swing a trip or fear their bosses will think negatively of them for taking off , we 're leaving that earned time on the table . I never was one of them , but I always foolishly took my work with me on the road , calling into conference calls and frequently checking e-mail when "  on holiday . " But that 's a bad habit -- and one you 'll be expected to maintain if you do it . So do n't start . Otherwise , you 'll return from your vacation in need of another one . Periodically disconnecting from work is not only good for you , but it also will make you a more productive employee or boss when you get back . Start a travel-specific savings account . No matter how much we love to travel , most of us are n't made of money . Very often , our discretionary funds -- or the lack of them -- determine where we go , when , and for how long . But if there 's someplace you 've been dying to check out , why not create your own personal layaway fund ? These days , it 's easy to pre-arrange for a set amount of cash -- even if it 's just $ 15 or $ 20 -- to be deducted from your paycheck or bank account . Or go the low-tech route and toss spare change and small bills into a dedicated jar . Over time , even small sums add up and just may mean the difference between taking that trip and staying home . The adage about your checkbook showing what you care about is true . If travel is truly a priority for you , then save like it . Do at least ONE thing that scares you while you 're on the road . Travel often shakes you from your comfort zone -- and that 's a good thing , especially for those of us who feel an obsessive need to always be in control . Why not consciously decide that while you 're away from home , you 'll do something that 's a bit out of character ? Nothing dangerous , of course -- just eyebrow-raising for you . For some of us , that 's sampling a dish we 'd never try at home -- whether fish cheeks in China or Tuscan cinghiale  wild boar  at the always-lively Il Latini ristorante in Florence .  So what if you hate it ? You never have to try it again . For others , it 's ziplining over the jungles in Costa Rica . Yet others may take the baby step of going to the theater alone . Do n't forget to build an element of whimsy into your trips -- and perhaps surprise yourself , too . Do n't let other people 's fears keep you from going . There 's nothing sadder than letting other folks ' hang-ups keep you at home . How many of us have been told how "  scary " certain places are because someone knew someone who 'd once heard of someone who 'd been robbed on a train or gotten sick from the water ? Perhaps you 've been advised not to visit a country because there wo n't be many people who look like you . But so what if people stare ? Although people in "  low-look " countries such as the United States and Great Britain are taught that it 's impolite , not all cultures consider steady eye contact "  rude . " In "  high-look " countries such as Italy , you may find yourself the object of a long gaze . Perhaps people are just curious or think you 're attractive . Travel teaches you that we ca n't always judge others ' behavior by how we do it at home . Use common sense , but vow to make travel choices that speak to you and your values , not other people 's fears . Besides , friendliness and warmth transcend languages and cultures , so travel expecting the best . Maureen Jenkins is a freelance travel , food and lifestyles writer . A Chicago native , she lives outside Paris and blogs about expatriate life at UrbanTravelGirl.com .	Try breaking away from the group to explore a little on your own Learn a few words in the language of the country you 're visiting to show respect Consider an organized tour to let someone else do the planning for you It 's OK to take a break at Starbucks or other American business for something familiar
CNN  -- It was just after midday on a cold December Monday in South Korea 's capital when news of Kim Jong Il 's death filtered through . Though the reclusive North Korean leader had been plagued with health problems in recent years , the announcement was greeted with general astonishment in Seoul , according to a journalist from the country 's largest newspaper . "  The initial reaction was shock , quickly followed by speculation about what was going to happen next , " said Woosuk Ken Choi , assistant editor with The Chosun Daily . For its part , the South Korean military responded by raising its alert level , while the country 's media went into overdrive trying to predict how this oblique and erratic state would respond . But Choi said most ordinary Koreans were remaining calm . North Korea : Should we fear change ? "  There was no rush to supermarkets to buy up food , " he said in an interview with CNN . "  The South Korean public seems confident that the country will be able to manage this . Many see the North Koreans as like us , people we need to care for and help . " Outright conflict is not something many would expect , he added . "  There is a little tradition in Korea that when someone passes away in a family you stop fighting . "  We 're on high alert not because we want to do something but because some renegade North Korean unit might cause some trouble . But no one really thinks the North Koreans will launch an attack . "  Nothing happened in 1994 when Kim Il Sung died and it will be the same this time . " The architect of what became known as the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea in 1948 after the Korean peninsula was divided between U.S. and Soviet occupation forces , Kim Il Sung was an autocratic leader who presided over a policy of Juche , or self-reliance , which did much to foster the Communist country 's isolation . When Kim Jong Il , his oldest son , succeeded him , North Korea was crippled economically , having lost one of its main trading partners when the Soviet Union collapsed . Kim largely ignored the massive problems at home and focused on shoring up the regime 's position and investing in the military as a bulwark against the wealthy , U.S.-backed south . What military hardware does North Korea have ? But with Kim dead , Choi believes many in the south will see this as an opportunity to improve relations with their dysfunctional neighbor , perhaps even paving the way for reunification . "  Most people , whether left or right on the political spectrum , hope this is the case , " he said . "  However a large chunk of South Koreans do worry about the financial burden of reunification , citing the case of West and East Germany in the early 1990s . "  Others argue the cost of living together will be a lot less than living separately in the long run . I also believe a whole host of issues could be resolved with reunification . " But Choi said each generation in South Korea has its own viewpoint when it comes to relations with the north . "  Those in their teens and 20s have a real fear of military conflict , as they are the ones who have to complete their compulsory military service , " he said . "  Many people in their 30s and 40s worry about the financial cost to them of reunification , while those in their 50s and 60s back a united Korea whatever the cost . " If reunification is a pipe dream for now , Choi says there is a difference of opinion in South Korea about the dynastic succession in the north . "  Many people believe the transfer of power to a third generation is absurd , totally anachronistic and not what the world is about today , " he said . "  But those who believe in a policy of engagement with North Korea say it does n't matter whether it is third or fourth generation , they 're still our people and we need to talk to them to try and resolve the situation . " Another view , according to Choi , is "  the Great Successor " will not last long . "  He 's simply too young , " he said . Kim Jong Un is believed to be in his late 20s . "  There is this notion in Korean society -- north and south -- that if you take the throne too young you wo n't last long . No matter how good he is , they think his uncles and more experienced family members will rule from behind him and that he could ultimately be sacrificed . " As pictures of ordinary North Koreans mourning the loss of their Dear Leader continued to filter onto television screens across South Korea Tuesday , Choi felt most people would have been struck by how staged they seemed . "  The pictures do n't reflect the reality in North Korea , " he argued . "  When Kim Il Sung died there were a number of people who really went out and cried because they really did respect him . "  Kim Jong Il 's case is different because about two or three million people died of starvation after he came to power . The level of mourning will be about a tenth of what it was in 1994 . This is the view of many defectors I have spoken to . "	Journalist : Announcement was greeted with general astonishment in Seoul Woosuk Ken Choi says most people in the south are calm about the situation Choi : "  Nothing happened in 1994 when Kim Il Sung died and it will be the same this time " South Korean military responds to news of Kim 's death by raising its alert level
The Justice Department is officially dropping its demand that New York Times reporter James Risen reveal a confidential source for a book and articles he wrote . At a hearing Tuesday in federal court in Alexandria , Virginia , prosecutors are asking a judge to approve a limited subpoena of Risen , according to a U.S. official close to the matter . The subpoena is for testimony in the leak prosecution of Jeffrey Sterling , a former CIA officer , who the Justice Department accuses of providing information to Risen . The case has become a high profile test for the Justice Department and how it deals with reporters on leak investigations . The new Justice Department subpoena is now seeking that Risen verify that he wrote the book "  State of War " and two articles in the New York Times in 2001-2002 , that the published material is accurate , that he has a confidential source he wo n't identify , and that Risen verify that Sterling provided on-the-record quotes published in a New York Times article . The subpoena omits any request for the name of his source and of any information that could lead to the identity . Previously the Justice Department contemplated asking Risen to provide the time and location of where he was , when he received the leaked information , a prospect that risked indirectly identifying Risen 's source . The information requested in the new subpoena appears to align with information Risen has said in court filings he is willing to provide . Risen has vowed never to reveal his source for information on a failed CIA operation to sabotage Iran 's nuclear program . Attorney General Eric Holder for months has said that he would n't force a reporter to go to jail over a source . Recently Justice Department lawyers proposed dropping the request to identify the source , but still push for the time and location information . Deputy Attorney General James Cole advised Holder to not approve the time and location request because Risen would likely still refuse to provide that testimony .	The Department of Justice is now no longer asking a New York Times reporter to reveal his source The case has become a high profile test for the Justice Department
CNN  -- More than 170,000 homes are without power in Queensland after a massive cyclone slammed into the already flood-ravaged northern Australian state , according to the emergency services minister . Some areas could be without power for weeks . Neil Roberts told CNN that said that no serious injuries have been reported since Tropical Cyclone Yasi roared ashore , but emergency crews are still working their way across the affected region . So far , the worst-hit towns seem to be in an area roughly 90 miles  150 kilometers  south of Cairns , he said . Cyclone was ` absolutely terrifying ' Queensland Premier Anna Bligh described conditions for local TV networks , and said that many coastal cities are enduring power outages . In Cairns , only 34 % of homes had electricity . Townsville , south of Cairns , only has power in about 15 % of homes . Farther down the Queensland coast , electricity is out in half of Mackay and Proserpine , and the entire town of Ingham was without power . Bligh said the tens of thousands of power outages were caused by downed lines and a transmission break . Electrical supply lines running into coastal communities have been cut south of the town of Innisfail . "  It is not clear yet why it has been cut and we wo n't know until we are able to get into the air and check all along that system , " Bligh said . "  I should say that requires checking 400 kilometers  248 miles  of line and 500 transmission towers . " It could take weeks to repair the problems , Bligh said , an assessment affirmed by Queensland 's emergency services minister . Tropical Cyclone Yasi is now a Category 2 storm , significantly diminished but still able to bring strong winds and heavy rain into interior areas of the country , according to CNN meteorologist Jenny Harrison . Yasi is moving toward the west . Wind speeds could reach up to 77 miles per hour  125 kilometers per hour  and very heavy rains could cause localized flooding Thursday and in days to come , she said . Joe Vella , a resident of Cairns , said that wind gusts when Yasi came ashore sounded like a sledgehammer hitting his house -- and that it went on for four hours . "  Our hearts were in our throats thinking what was going to happen , " he told CNN . Tropical Cyclone Yasi made landfall late on Wednesday night , local time , as powerful Category 5 storm , the highest designation on Australia 's classification system . Thousands of people left their homes ahead of the storm , which forecasters warned was one of the worst the country has ever seen . Earlier , Queensland 's Premier , Anna Bligh , warned residents they may have to cope alone for several days . "  I ca n't sugarcoat this for people . It 's going to be a tough 24 hours . For some it 's going to be a tough couple of days , " she said at a news conference . "  They need to prepare for the worst-case scenario , and that might mean they have to be self-sufficient for a couple of days . Carl Butcher , another Cairns resident , said before the storm , "  I have all my rations ready to go , batteries , candles . The authorities have been very proactive in informing us about this system . We have known about it for a week . That is more than enough time to prepare for it . " CNN Meteorologist Jennifer Delgado said heavy rain in Queensland could continue until Friday . There are serious concerns for six adults in Port Hinchinbrook , who apparently ignored advice to evacuate the storm surge zone before calling to request help from the emergency services . Police , who are in contact with them via telephone , said the group are currently hunkered down on the second floor of an apartment block , but the tidal surge is expected to reach the top of the first floor . The state 's premier , Anna Bligh , had urged residents in the threatened areas to take sensible precautions and to stay inside once the storm hit . "  It will be a display of the awesome power of nature , but it is not something you want to go outside and watch , " she said . The cyclone threatens more devastation for Queensland , where 20 people died and thousands of homes were wrecked in severe flooding in January , which affected 3.1 million people . Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard has announced a one-off tax aimed at helping to for pay the estimated AUS $ 5.6 billion  US $ 5.58 billion  in damage caused by that flood . CNN 's Pauline Chiou , Hilary Whiteman and Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : Queensland emergency minister : More than 170,000 homes are without power NEW : Australian officials say it could take weeks for power to be restored in some areas NEW : Tropical Cyclone Yasi is now a Category 2 storm The storm had strengthened to the highest level on Australia 's cyclone classification system
CNN  -- After years of setbacks and controversies , the Kenyan deputy president went on trial Tuesday at the International Criminal Court in the Netherlands for alleged crimes against humanity . William Ruto denied charges that include murder and persecution for allegedly orchestrating attacks that left more than 1,000 people dead after the disputed presidential election nearly six years ago . Can mobiles help stop Kenya election violence ? His boss , President Uhuru Kenyatta , has been indicted on similar charges and is set to appear before the court in The Hague in November . A third suspect , radio personality Joshua arap Sang , is being tried alongside Ruto on the same charges . He also denies the accusations against him . In addition to the deaths , hundreds of thousands were displaced when ethnic groups loyal to leading candidates in the December 2007 election torched homes and hacked rivals to death . Kenyatta and Ruto have denied accusations that they coordinated violence among their respective ethnic groups after the disputed 2007 election . In one of a number of setbacks in the run-up to the trial , the Kenyan parliament voted last week to withdraw from the ICC 's jurisdiction , a move that would take a while to implement because it involves various steps , including a formal notification to the United Nations . The International Criminal Court said the trials would proceed despite the withdrawal . In her opening statement , the ICC 's top prosecutor , Fatou Bensouda , said the prosecution would demonstrate that Ruto and his powerful allies sought to exploit the country 's tensions for their own political and personal ends . The evidence would show that the outbreaks of violence "  were not just random and spontaneous acts of brutality -- on the contrary , this was a carefully planned , coordinated and executed campaign of violence " that targeted perceived supporters of the ruling PNU party , she said . "  Mr. Ruto 's ultimate goal was to seize power for himself and his party through violent means , " if they failed to do so through the ballot box , she said . To do so , Ruto built up a network of influential allies from the Kalenjin ethnic group and recruited Kalenjin youths to take part in attacks , the prosecution said . He and Sang , a popular radio presenter , then both used public platforms to stir up sentiment against the Kikuyu ethnic group in the Rift Valley . Sang used his prime-time radio show to help Ruto and his allies to "  broadcast anti-Kikuyu rhetoric and even helped to coordinate attacks through coded messages , " and in this way contributed to the violence , Bensouda said . Defense : Ruto is an innocent man Opening for the defense , lawyer Karim Khan said that the case against Ruto was based on an "  exceptionally deficient " investigation and that the deputy president should never have been accused . Khan said an inquiry would be needed at the end of a trial , to ask "  how was it that someone innocent has come before this court to answer charges that will be shown to be patently false ? " He said there was a "  rotten underbelly " to the prosecution 's investigation , chiefly conducted under former ICC prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo , which Khan said had failed to recognize the "  lying witnesses " directing untrue accusations against his client . The ICC investigation was set up to target Ruto he said , and sought to squeeze evidence into that box , "  however uncomfortable , however ill-fitting , however bizarre . " Khan said his client deserved praise for being the first serving deputy head of state to come willingly before the ICC to face charges . Ruto 's electoral record demonstrated that he appealed to voters across ethnic groups and had no antipathy toward the Kikuyu ethnic group , the lawyer said . His whole reason for being in politics was to serve the whole of Kenya , Khan added . A lawyer for Sang will give his opening statement Wednesday , the court said . ` Atrocities ... pain and suffering ' A representative of the victims of the violence in late 2007 and early 2008 told the court that those affected included many women , children and elderly people . The unrest left more than 400,000 forcibly displaced from their homes , besides the hundreds who lost their lives , Wilfred Nderitu told the court . He represents more than 300 victims of the violence in the case . One victim was quoted as saying : "  If there were no victims , there would be no case . If there was no suffering , would there be any reason to accuse the accused ? We are the ones who experienced the atrocities the court cites , because there were atrocities , and there was pain and suffering by the victims . " The trial is being held before presiding Judge Chile Eboe-Osuji , from Nigeria , with Judges Olga Herrera Carbuccia and Robert Fremr , from the Dominican Republic and Czech Republic , respectively . It is expected to last for several months . Avoiding a power vacuum After the disastrous 2007 election , Kenyatta and Ruto teamed up and formed a coalition , which won the most recent poll held this year . Jittery Western nations watched as the two took office in April , raising the prospect of complicated diplomatic ties . Kenyatta maintains that they will cooperate with the court to clear their names and has asked that their proceedings be held on different days to avoid a power vacuum . "  We will work with ICC , but it must understand that Kenya has a constitution . Ruto and myself can not therefore be away at the same time , " he said . The court has encountered a number of obstacles leading up to the trial . Charges against three other suspects were dropped for lack of evidence after witnesses dropped out or recanted their testimonies . Bensouda has previously said that some of the witnesses , including a few who were set to testify against both leaders , pulled out because of intimidation . Lawyers for Kenyatta and Ruto have denied any witness intimidation . Stepping in The ICC was set up in 2002 to try claims of genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . Kenya 's previous administration reneged on a deal to set up a special tribunal to try suspects in the post-election violence , forcing the international court to step in . "  The ICC is not , under any circumstances , a substitute for domestic criminal justice systems ; it only intervenes if the national judicial system is either unwilling or unable to ensure that justice is done , " the court said in a statement . That message was repeated by the prosecutor in her opening statement . The ICC intervened "  only after the Kenyan efforts to establish a domestic mechanism to investigate the violence failed , " Bensouda said . Ahead of the trial , rights group Amnesty International urged Kenyan authorities to cooperate fully with the ICC to ensure a fair and effective process for those directly involved in the case , and for the Kenyan people . "  Six years after post-election violence rocked the country , it is high time to prioritize the pursuit of justice for the hundreds and thousands of people who lost their lives or homes , " said Netsanet Belay , Amnesty International 's Africa program director . "  The government 's recent efforts to politicize the ICC trials are deplorable , and must not be allowed to affect the commencement and future proceedings of this landmark trial . "  The authorities should focus their energy on ensuring justice , truth and reparation for the victims of many other crimes that the ICC is not able to deal with . " Eyes on Kenya Kenya is the second African nation after Sudan to have a sitting president facing charges at the International Criminal Court . It is East Africa 's biggest economy and a crucial trade route into the rest of the continent , so neighboring nations are watching the trial keenly . Kenya provides an important buffer of stability in a region that includes the fledgling Somali government and the politically tense Sudan and South Sudan . Most importantly -- at least to the West -- Kenya is a major U.S. ally in the war against Islamist militants in the region and has remained relatively peaceful amid civil wars in neighboring nations . The first phase of Ruto 's trial is expected to end on October 4 .	Defense lawyer says ICC investigation against Ruto is "  exceptionally deficient " William Ruto is on trial at The Hague over the 2007 post-election violence in Kenya His boss , President Uhuru Kenyatta , has been indicted on similar charges Both deny the accusations , as does a third defendant , radio personality Joshua arap Sang
CNN  -- Officers in two Utah cities will make extra patrols Monday , the anniversary of the slayings of two women -- one in 2006 , the other in 2008 -- who investigators believe were killed by the same person . Sonia Mejia , left , 29 , and Damiana Castillo , 57 , were killed on the same date two years apart , police say . Investigators recently learned forensic evidence links the February 9 , 2006 , killing of a pregnant Sonia Mejia and the February 9 , 2008 , slaying of Damiana Castillo , police in two neighboring Salt Lake City suburbs announced last week . No arrest has been made . Both women were Hispanic , and both were found slain in their apartments -- one in Taylorsville and the other a mile away in West Valley City . Authorities are trying to determine whether the date is significant , but they want residents "  to be cautious in general " and not focus just on Monday , West Valley City police Sgt. Mike Powell said . Still , police will do extra patrols Monday "  just so the public is aware we 're out and about , " he said . Investigators are not saying a serial killer was involved , Powell said . But the links are alarming for the involved neighborhoods , which are heavily populated by Latinos , the director of a Hispanic advocacy group said . " -LSB- News of the links -RSB- is important because , although I think law enforcement does n't want to say it , this could be a serial killer type of thing , and there 's concern from our point of view that there could be a guy that could be trying to kill people on a certain date , " said Tony Yapias , director of Proyecto Latino de Utah . Mejia , 29 , was six months ' pregnant when she was sexually assaulted and strangled , CNN affiliate KSL-TV in Salt Lake City reported . She was found dead in her Taylorsville apartment , and her unborn child died , too , police said . Her car was found abandoned outside a hotel in nearby Murray , Utah , according to KSL . Some jewelry of Mejia 's is missing , Powell said . Castillo , 57 , was found strangled in her apartment two years later in West Valley City , about a mile away from Mejia 's apartment , according to CNN affiliate KTVX-TV in Salt Lake City . Her son found the body , and there were no signs of forced entry , KSL reported . Police in both cities announced on Wednesday that forensic evidence linked the slayings to one killer , and that they had reason to believe he was a Hispanic male in his late teens or early 20s , standing between 5 feet 3 inches to 5 feet 5 inches tall , weighing 135 to 150 pounds and having short black hair . Powell declined to say how investigators arrived at those details or what kind of forensic evidence linked the killings . Police have n't said whether the women knew their attacker . Investigators have n't linked the killings to any other but are "  not closing the door on anything that might be related , " said Powell , who added he is n't aware of any other February 9 homicides in the two cities or surrounding communities in recent years . The link between the February 9 stranglings has rattled some residents in the area , KTVX reported . "  I 'm scared for me and my daughter to be here , " West Valley City resident Elizabeth Berrelleza told KTVX . The police departments said Thursday they 've created a joint eight-member task force to investigate the killings . The departments had known about each other 's cases and had compared information for quite some time , "  but it 's just recently that we 've been able to link the cases , " Powell said . " -LSB- The significance of the date -RSB- is something that we 're looking further into , and if someone has some information that would enlighten us , that would be helpful , " Powell said . At a news conference Thursday , the task force made a special appeal to Latinos in the area , saying anyone with information -- including any undocumented person -- should come forward without fear . "  Sometimes they 're worried about their -LSB- immigration -RSB- status . We 're not interested in that . Come forward regardless , " Powell said in an interview after the news conference . Police reached out to Yapias and other leaders of Hispanic advocacy groups , Yapias said . Yapias ' group is working with Spanish-language media in the area to spread information about the killings and investigators ' request for information , he said . "  Law enforcement has assured everyone that if someone is undocumented and they have information , they just want the information , " Yapias said . "  But if they 're afraid because of their legal status , then I or any other community leader can act as a mediator to make sure they 're going to be protected . " Anyone with information about the slayings can call the task force 's tip line at 801-965-5121 or send an e-mail to the task force at taskforce@wvc-ut.gov, police said .	Police : Evidence links killings that happened on same date two years apart Monday is anniversary of slayings , which occurred in neighboring Utah cities No arrest has been made ; police investigating whether date is significant Both victims were Hispanic women , found dead in their apartments
CNN  -- Rebekah Brooks , the former boss of News International , begins her defense Wednesday against allegations that she was part of a conspiracy to intercept the voicemails of high-profile figures in Britain . Dubbed the phone hacking trial , it has ensnared big names , including Andy Coulson , a former Downing Street communications director . Brooks faces three counts of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice linked to claims she plotted to remove boxes of documents from News International offices , and hide computers and documents from police . She denies any wrongdoing . She resigned as chief executive of Rupert Murdoch 's News International in July 2011 amid outrage over claims of widespread hacking by staff at its News of the World newspaper . Once feted as a rising star in British media , she was the youngest person to edit a national British newspaper . She held the top job at News International , News Corp. 's British subsidiary , for two years after editing the country 's best-selling daily tabloid , The Sun , and its best-selling Sunday tabloid , News of the World . But following sweeping allegations of illegal eavesdropping by News of the World journalists when she was editor , she has seen her fortunes fade , and was arrested and questioned several times by police investigating hacking , prior to being charged . News International is News Corp. 's British newspaper arm . The fallout forced Murdoch to shut down the News of the World in 2011 .	Dubbed the phone hacking trial , it has ensnared big names Andy Coulson , a former Downing Street communications director , also faces trial Brooks was the youngest person to edit a national British newspaper
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- A separatist rebel group claimed responsibility Friday for an ambush on a convoy connected with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . At the time of the attack Wednesday , Erdogan was not in the convoy , which had been traveling to a campaign rally , and he was airlifted to his next stop in a helicopter . A policeman was killed and another was injured in the attack , Erdogan said Wednesday . In a statement e-mailed to CNN , the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , claimed responsibility for the ambush in the province of Kastamonu . The statement reads : "  On 4 May at 17:15 hours , our guerrillas carried an action against a police vehicle in a vehicles convoy at 25th km of the Kastomonu-Ankara Highway skirts of the Mount Ilgaz . This action carried out in retaliation against the police terror against civilian population . " The attack was in northern Turkey , between the cities of Kastamonu and Cankiri . A bomb exploded in front of the police vehicles escorting the ruling Justice and Development Party bus after it made a stop in Kastamonu . Erdogan and his contingent were on a campaign trip ahead of parliamentary elections , expected to be held on June 12 . PKK rebels have been battling the Turkish state since the early 1980s . More than 30,000 people , most of them ethnic Kurds , have been killed in the conflict . Riots erupted in Turkey 's largest city , Istanbul , last month , after Turkey 's electoral board issued a controversial decision to ban several Kurdish politicians from running for office . The electoral board later reversed its decision . Addressing a rally in Amasya , Erdogan expressed sorrow about the death and blamed the attack on separatist groups . "  These dark minds who do not believe in democracy 's struggle . These terrorists , these separatist forces believe they can only achieve results this way instead of through the ballot box , " the prime minister said .	The Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , claims responsibility One policeman was injured in the attack on the convoy of the prime minister Prime Minister Erdogan was not in the convoy at the time of the attack
CNN  -- Real Madrid had two players and coach Jose Mourinho sent off as they were held to a 1-1 draw at Villarreal , offering hope to Barcelona in the race for the Spanish title . Cristiano Ronaldo 's goal looked to have sealed victory for the league leaders , only for Marcos Senna to salvage a point for the home side with seven minutes left . After that defender Sergio Ramos was sent off for picking up a second yellow card for a foul on Nilmar before midfielder Mesut Ozil was dismissed two minutes later for dissent . It was Real 's second 1-1 draw in the space of four days after Malaga took a point from the Bernabeu on Sunday night , leaving Mourinho 's team six points clear with 10 matches to play . Barcelona will take heart from Real 's stutter , having kept their chase up with a 5-3 win over Granada on Wednesday . While Barca 's talisman is Lionel Messi -- whose hat-trick in the Granada game saw him become the club 's highest goalscorer of all time at the age of only 24 -- Real would be significantly weakened without Ronaldo . His strike took his goal tally to 33 for the season , just one short of Messi , as Real seek to secure their first league crown since 2008 . Real are still favorites to claim the title , but their game against Barcelona on April 22 is looking ever more crucial . Elsewhere , Bayern Munich booked their place in the final of the German Cup by beating Borussia Monchengladbach on penalties . The game remained goalless after 120 minutes of football , but Bayern won 4-2 in the shootout to seal a clash with Bundesliga leaders Borussia Dortmund on May 12 . Meanwhile , Napoli overcame a 2-1 aggregate deficit to beat Siena 2-0 and clinch a place in the Italian Cup final against Juventus . An own goal from Simone Vergassola was added to by Napoli striker Edinson Cavani . In the French Cup there were surprise defeats for Ligue 1 leaders Paris Saint-Germain , beaten 3-1 at home by Lyon , and second-placed Montpelier , who lost 1-0 to third tier Ajaccio GFCO .	Nine-man Real Madrid held to a 1-1 draw at Villarreal in Spain 's La Liga Coach Jose Mourinho sent off as well as players Mesut Ozil and Sergio Ramos The draw sees Real extend their lead over Barcelona to six points with 10 games left Bayern Munich seal their place in German Cup final with win over Monchengladbach
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel has saluted his Red Bull team after making Formula One history in 2011 . The 24-year-old became the elite motorsport 's youngest double world champion as the UK-based Austrian marque retained the constructors ' title after winning 12 of the 19 races . "  I have had the trophy in my house all year and did n't want to give it back , so this means a great deal to me , " the German said at the FIA Prize Giving Gala in India on Friday . "  It 's hard to put into words how it feels to win again ; the team stayed focused and made few mistakes and I would like to thank them for all their impressive efforts . I would also like to thank  engine supplier  Renault who worked so hard all year . "  The history of Formula One means a lot to me and it 's special to know that we are now somehow a part of that . " Vettel clinched his first world title in the final race of 2010 , the only time last year that he led the standings . But 2011 was a different story as he won the first race in Australia and sealed the championship in Japan with four grands prix to go . He broke Nigel Mansell 's record of pole positions by winning his 15th in the final race in Brazil , where teammate Mark Webber notched his only victory . And in India in October , Vettel became the youngest driver to earn pole , win the race , set the fastest lap and lead from start to finish in one grand prix . "  It 's phenomenal what the team has achieved this year , " Red Bull boss Christian Horner said . "  To win 12 races and take 18 pole positions and 27 podiums to defend our title is something we are very proud of . "  I would like to thank every member of the team , including Mark and Sebastian for all their hard work . Receiving the award tonight is fantastic and a great end to what has been an incredible year . "  Seb 's achievement of becoming a double Formula One world champion is incredible ; the fact he is the youngest ever to do this is testament to the exciting young talent that he is . " World rally champion Sebastian Loeb also received his trophy after winning the title for a record-breaking eighth consecutive time . It put him one clear of Michael Schumacher 's record seven F1 crowns , giving him some claim to being motorsport 's most successful driver . The Frenchman and co-driver Daniel Elena helped Citroen win a fourth successive manufacturers ' crown as he and teammate Sebastian Ogier both won five races out of 13 this year . "  What an incredible season ! The battle with the other drivers has been intense from the beginning to the end , " said Loeb , who clinched the title in the final round . "  After a great start to the season we really had to battle hard again at the end of the year ; we lost a lot of our advantage and it was like starting from zero all over again going into the final two rounds . " His compatriot Yvan Muller was officially crowned World Touring Car champion with Chevrolet , who won a second manufacturers ' title .	F1 world champion Sebastian Vettel proud of history-making year with Red Bull German dominated as he set a series of records to claim his second world title World rally champion Sebastian Loeb also received his trophy at FIA ceremony French driver clinched an eighth successive title for dominant Citroen team
EW.com  -- Alright , here are the facts about The Dark Knight Rises : • Warner Bros. ' $ 250 million sequel is an utterly huge movie . • It earned $ 64.1 million in its second weekend  a 60 percent drop  . • It has grossed $ 289.1 million after ten days . • This total is less than the The Dark Knight had earned at the same point in its run  $ 313.8 million  , and that 's fine . • This total is also less than the The Avengers had earned at the same point in its run  $ 373.1 million  , and that 's also fine . • Overseas , the film has already grossed $ 248.2 million , and its headed for a finish between $ 900 million and $ 1 billion worldwide . The reality is that it does n't matter if the conclusion to Christopher Nolan 's Batman trilogy beats any other film at the box office -- The Dark Knight Rises is a truly gigantic hit that will have the suits at the studio very , very happy . That said , the film is certainly performing below initial expectations . Things looked rather dire on Friday , when Rises had to compete against the widely watched Olympic opening ceremonies and earned $ 18.1 million -- a whopping 76 percent drop from its first Friday . But it stabilized nicely over the rest of the weekend . Rises ticked up 44 percent on Saturday to $ 25 million and is estimated to earn another $ 21.1 million today . Altogether , that 's $ 64.1 million -- good for a robust $ 14,549 per theater average -- but a 60 percent drop from the film 's $ 160.9 million debut . That weekend drop indicates that Rises wo n't have the same legs as The Dark Knight , which ultimately found $ 533.3 million , so a domestic finish in the $ 450 million range seems likely . Many who expected the film to earn Avengers-sized numbers are pointing to the tragic Aurora shooting as the main reason for the film 's lower-than-expected business , but at this point , I believe that word-of-mouth is a bigger factor . While the film scored an "  A " CinemaScore grade , critical reviews are not nearly as strong , and Bane is a less dynamic/marketable villain than Heath Ledger 's Joker . Still , as I keep reiterating , The Dark Knight Rises is an enormous hit . In second place , Fox 's frozen animation Ice Age Continental Drift gathered $ 13.3 million in its third weekend , lifting its domestic total to $ 114.8 million -- the lowest domestic total ever for an Ice Age movie after 17 days  including the original , which had $ 116.9 million at the same point  , though still quite strong . Fortunately for Fox , the film has already grossed $ 511 million overseas , and it 's far from done with its run . Fox 's other big release , The Watch , debuted in third place with an awful $ 13 million . The $ 68 million R-rated comedy , which stars Ben Stiller , Vince Vaughn , and Jonah Hill , started off even lower than Adam Sandler 's recent R-rated misfire That 's My Boy , which grossed $ 13.5 million its opening weekend and $ 36.5 million overall . Originally titled Neighborhood Watch , Fox was forced to change the film 's title and make a marketing about-face in February following the shooting of Trayvon Martin by Florida neighborhood watch officer George Zimmerman . Suddenly , Fox brought the film 's alien invasion plotline to the surface  something the studio was avoiding following John Carter and Battleship  , but audiences never really got a clear picture of the film 's storyline . Of course , terrible reviews did n't help , either , as American audiences have proven themselves rather savvy at avoiding poor comedies  The Watch , What to Expect When You 're Expecting , That 's My Boy  and flocking to stronger ones  21 Jump Street , Ted  as of late . The audiences that did see The Watch were 60 percent male and 59 percent 25-years-old or older , according to Fox . Those patrons issued The Watch a "  C + " CinemaScore grade . Step Up Revolution , Summit 's $ 33 million sequel , finished the weekend in fourth place with $ 11.8 million -- by far the lowest for a Step Up movie . Diminishing returns were expected , though . The original Step Up , which starred Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan , opened with $ 20.7 million and earned $ 65.3 million in 2006 . Sequel Step Up 2 The Streets debuted with $ 18.9 million and found $ 58 million total in 2008 . Step Up 3-D opened with $ 15.8 million and grossed $ 42.4 million in 2010 . All three predecessors were produced by Touchstone Pictures and distributed by Disney . The franchise has now changed hands to Summit . Despite the low debut , Revolution , which earned a "  B + " CinemaScore grade , is n't a lost cause for Summit . International grosses for Step Up 3-D reached $ 116.9 million -- a franchise high -- and they may be the saving grace for Step Up Revolution as well .  Plus we all know that Step Up movies will never really die . If direct-to-DVD American Pie and Bring It On titles are still getting made , there must be room on Walmart shelves for low-budget Step Up spinoffs , too . Rounding out the Top 5 was Universal 's $ 50 million smash comedy Ted , which took in another $ 7.4 million , lifting its five-week total to $ 193.6 million and guaranteeing that it will pass the $ 200 million mark domestically very soon . 1 . The Dark Knight Rises -- $ 64.1 million 2 . Ice Age : Continental Drift -- $ 13.3 million 3 . The Watch -- $ 13.0 million 4 . Step Up Revolution -- $ 11.8 million 5 . Ted -- $ 7.4 million See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Dark Knight Rises " won this weekend 's box office race "  The Watch " did n't do as well Despite success "  Dark Knight Rises " is performing below initial expectations
The nation 's largest veteran organization , The American Legion , and one other veterans group , Concerned Veterans for America , on Monday called for the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric K. Shinseki . The calls for his resignation came after months of CNN exclusive reporting on U.S. veterans who have died while waiting for care at VA hospitals across the country , including in Phoenix . "  It 's not something we do lightly . But we do so today because it is our responsibility as advocate for the men and women who have worn this nation 's uniform , " said Daniel M. Dellinger , national commander of the American Legion , speaking in Indianapolis . Responding to the legion 's call for the secretary 's resignation , the VA issued a statement late Monday : "  Secretary Shinseki has dedicated his life to his fellow veterans , and nobody is more committed to completing the work that lies ahead , " said a VA statement by Drew Brookie , VA spokesman . "  As the secretary says , providing veterans the quality care and benefits they have earned through their service is our only mission at VA. " The White House also responded with a statement : "  The President remains confident in Secretary Shinseki 's ability to lead the department . " CNN 's ongoing look at health care for veterans CNN has been reporting on delays in care and patient deaths at VA hospitals for the past six months , including at hospitals in South Carolina , Georgia and Texas . After CNN 's coverage , the VA acknowledged this April that 23 veterans had died as a result of delayed care in recent years . But sources tell CNN that number could be much higher . In an exclusive report two weeks ago , CNN interviewed a retired VA doctor from Phoenix who charged that more than 40 American veterans have died waiting for care at the VA hospital there . A fatal wait : Veterans languish and die on a secret list Many of the veterans , the doctor and other VA sources told CNN , were placed on a secret list created by VA managers to hide the wait times of veterans seeking medical care . VA officials in Phoenix denied there was any secret list or that they had given any orders to cover up or hide wait times . They acknowledged that veterans had died waiting for care but said they did not know whether those deaths were tied to waiting for care . But following those reports on Friday , Shinseki placed the Phoenix VA Director Sharon Helman and two members of her staff on administrative leave . On Monday , Dillinger of the American Legion said that growing concerns about the problems at numerous VA facilities are what led him to call for the resignation of Shinseki and two other top VA officials : Under Secretary of Health Robert Petzel and Under Secretary of Benefits Allison Hickey . "  These disturbing reports are part of what appear to be a pattern of scandals that has infected the entire system , " Dillinger said Monday . Another VA facility under the spotlight Also Monday , the Fort Collins , Colorado , VA facility came under scrutiny as concerns were raised that officials there might have allegedly instructed workers to change records in an effort to make veterans ' wait times appear less severe . "  The House Committee on Veterans ' Affairs has learned of appointment scheduling manipulation occurring at the Fort Collins , Colorado , Community Based Outpatient Clinic that is remarkably similar to issues recently referred to you regarding the Phoenix VA Medical Center , " stated a letter to the VA 's Office of Inspector General and signed by Rep. Mike Coffman , R-Colorado . The director of health care at the U.S. Government Accountability Office , Congress ' watchdog organization , told CNN on Monday that even the VA does not truly know how many American veterans are waiting for care across the country . Director Debra Draper said that 's because they do not keep careful track of how many "  consults " or doctor-requested appointments are open at any given time . Draper said some of the VA numbers and details of wait times are "  unreliable . " The VA reported that in just the last year , it basically cleared 1.5 million backlogged orders of patient care or services , which they call consults , but Draper said there is no way of knowing why they were closed . Draper said it is "  a little disconcerting that 1.5 million records were closed . ... We ca n't determine that they did a review , a clinical review and appropriately closed out the consult . " She added that to find out how many consults have been truly closed , "  you 'd have to really go back to each individual patient record and see how the consult , why it was closed . " Rebuffed on repeated interview requests Throughout the network 's reporting , CNN has submitted numerous requests for an interview with Shinseki . Yet in the six months that CNN has been reporting on these delays , Shinseki has not publicly spoken about the issue . CNN is not alone in getting virtually no response from VA officials . U.S. Rep. Jeff Miller of Florida , chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee , issued this statement late Monday : "  For nearly a year , we have been pleading with top department leaders and President Obama to take immediate steps to stop the growing pattern of preventable veteran deaths and hold accountable any and all VA employees who have allowed patients to slip through the cracks . "  In response , we 've received disturbing silence from the White House and one excuse after another from VA. " Brookie 's statement , released by the VA late Monday , read : "  The Department of Veterans Affairs  VA  takes any allegations about patient care or employee misconduct very seriously . If the VA Office of Inspector General 's investigation substantiates allegations of employee misconduct , swift and appropriate action will be taken . Veterans deserve to have full faith in their VA care . "  Under the leadership of Secretary Shinseki and his team , VA has made strong progress in recent years to better serve veterans both now and in the future . The secretary knows there is more work to do . "  VA 's progress includes enrolling 2 million more veterans in high-quality VA health care , reducing veterans ' homelessness by 24 percent , providing post-9 / 11 GI Bill educational benefits to more than 1 million students , and decreasing the disability claims backlog by nearly 50 percent . " But veterans groups were not convinced . Late Monday , another veterans group joined the American Legion in the call for Shinseki to resign . Pete Hegseth , CEO of the Concerned Veterans of America , issued the following statement : "  We 're proud to stand with The American Legion as they take this courageous and historic stand . As America 's largest veterans organization , their moral authority on this issue is unimpeachable . We applaud their demands for accountability at the very top of the Department of Veterans Affairs . " Tears , angry accusations mark hearing on delayed VA care January : Veterans dying because of health care delays January : Congress demands answers November : A dire situation in South Carolina	The American Legion and Concerned Veterans for America call for the resignations Eric K. Shinseki is the secretary of Veterans Affairs CNN has been reporting on veterans who have died waiting for care at VA hospitals VA on Shinseki : "  Nobody is more committed to completing the work that lies ahead "
CNN  -- While most children Stella Ehrhart 's age are thinking about what they 're going to be for Halloween , this 8-year-old from Nebraska is thinking about who she 's going to be each day of the week . But do n't misinterpret what she 's doing as "  dressing in costume , " her mother said . Stella is dressing "  in character " based on what she has in her closet and where her imagination takes her . All it takes is a black dress and a red-tissue paper flower in her hair and she 's jazz singer Billie Holiday . Or , she 's Jane Goodall with a flannel shirt and stuffed chimp tucked under her arm . With a khaki shirt emblazoned with a police badge she 's her Aunt Pam , a police officer . "  She 's definitely drawn to characters that have overcome a lot , with a lot of inner strength , " her mother , Stephanie Anderson , said . Her ideas come from books , people she learns about or even friends and relatives , she said . The list goes on and on because she has n't repeated a single costume since she started last year at the beginning of second grade , Stella and her mother say . Stella was reading Laura Ingalls Wilder 's "  Little House " series about a pioneer family 's life and wondered what the author wore . The next day she showed up to school in a dress with leggings , Stella said , starting a tradition that lasted the entire school year . She resurrected it this year as she began third grade . It 's important to not repeat characters , Stella said in a phone interview , because doing so would mean fewer opportunities to try something new . "  I think it 's better to focus on as much as we can , " she said . "  If I repeat an outfit five times that 's five times we do n't have for a new character . " Not all of the characters are obvious or distracting , which minimizes their potential to disturb the classroom , her mother said . To the contrary , teachers and students love it because they tend to learn something new about the person Stella is emulating . "  I think its just in her genes , " said Anderson , who worked in local theater in Omaha before she had kids . Stella 's father is the director of Omaha 's Rose theater . "  She does this all on her own , " Anderson said in a phone interview . "  I do n't costume her or buy anything special for this , we shop at Target and Goodwill for clothes . " Stella shared insights into her five favorite costumes and what she has learned from them . -- Harriet Tubman : "  I like her because she led people on the Underground Railroad , she was a slave . ... I like how she helped 26 people and risked her life for them . " -- Helen Keller : "  I like how she never gave up on learning and she kept trying until she learned how to read Braille . " -- Rosa Parks : "  She said she had enough of it . She stayed on her seat on the bus . That was her way of saying , ` No way , this is not fair and I do n't like it ! ' " -- Anne Frank : "  People just think she 's the person who hid behind the door but she had to move three times . ... You 've got to do what you have to do . " Jane Adams  activist  : "  It 's good to do what you have to do to help people , especially those in need . " So , what is she going to do for Halloween ? "  I 'm not sure yet , " Stella said . "  I have n't really thought about it yet as a special day , so probably whatever I had planned . "	Stella Ehrhart , 8 , dresses as a different character each day for school in Omaha , Nebraska Favorite characters include Rosa Parks , Harriet Tubman , Helen Keller Stella says she never repeats characters because "  it 's better to focus on as much as we can " All her costumes come from her closet , she and her mother say
CNN  An Asiana Airlines plane overran a runway while landing at Japan 's Hiroshima Airport on Tuesday evening , prompting the airport to temporarily close , the Japanese transportation ministry said . Twenty-three people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m. , according to fire department and ministry sources . There were 73 passengers and eight crew members -- including five cabin attendants , two pilots and a maintenance official -- aboard when the flight took off from South Korea 's Incheon International Airport at 6:34 p.m. local time , Asiana said in a statement late Tuesday . Authorities are investigating initial reports that the Airbus A320 may have hit an object on the runway during landing , causing damage to the rear of its body and the cover of the engine on the left wing , the ministry said . Video of the scene showed the aircraft 's body turned around , with its nose pointing in the direction that the plane had come from . Hiroshima Airport closed because of the incident Tuesday night while fire department officials worked at the scene . Airbus , the plane 's manufacturer , is aware of the incident and is working to gather more information , Airbus regional media relations manager Marie Caujolle said .	The plane might have hit an object on the runway , the Japanese transportation ministry says 23 people have minor injuries , officials say The Airbus A320 overshot the Hiroshima Airport runway at 8:05 p.m. Tuesday , officials say
Washington  CNN  -- Air traffic control towers staffed by private contractors are cheaper and provide the same level of safety as towers staffed by government controllers , a new government audit concludes . Contract towers , as they are known , cost on average $ 537,000 a year to operate , compared with $ 2 million for comparably busy towers staffed by the Federal Aviation Administration , according to the Department of Transportation 's Office of Inspector General . In addition , the contract towers had a "  significantly lower number and rate of safety incidents , " the report said . Currently , 251 of the nation 's 374 towers are staffed by contractors who must meet FAA standards and are overseen by FAA managers . Restricted to lower-volume airports , contract towers nonetheless handle 28 percent of all domestic airport operations . The OIG report likely will give ammunition to Republican lawmakers who favor the privatization of everything from airport control towers to security checkpoints . But it is unlikely to result in an expansion of tower contracting , coming on the heels of the re-election of a president with strong public sector support . The current hybrid system of contract - and government-staffed towers is a result of the decision by President Ronald Reagan to fire the striking Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization controllers in 1981 . After they were fired , the FAA moved its staff and managers to the busiest control towers , leaving smaller towers vacant . The next year , the FAA started the Federal Contract Tower Program , placing contractors at five low-activity towers . The program expanded gradually . Of the 251 contract towers in operation today , about half were previously staffed by FAA controllers , and half are new towers built by communities , typically to promote economic development . The new OIG audit compares 30 randomly selected contract towers to 30 comparable "  low activity " FAA towers . The report notes a large difference in operating costs mainly due to lower staffing and salary levels at contract towers . Contract towers had an average of six controllers , while FAA towers had 16 . A typical contract controller near Tampa , Florida , received a base salary of $ 56,000 per year compared with a base salary ranging from $ 63,000 to $ 85,000 a year for an FAA controller in Sarasota , Florida , the study said . Contract towers also had a "  significantly lower number and rate of safety incidents , " the report says . For example , 240 contract towers referenced in the review had 197 safety incidents , compared with 362 incidents at 92 similar FAA towers . The National Air Traffic Controllers Association , which represents FAA controllers and controllers at 63 contract towers , said it is wrong to conclude that the lower rate of safety incidents at contract towers means those towers are safer . FAA controllers fall under a non-punitive reporting system that encourages controllers to voluntarily report errors . "  The FAA has a true safety culture , where all controllers and employees are encouraged to report all safety issues , including errors , while contract towers are dictated by a punitive culture that discourages controllers and their supervisors from reporting errors , " said Sarah Dunn , a spokeswoman for the NATCA . An advocate for contract controllers disagreed that contract controllers were less likely to report errors . "  The culture is that you 're fired if you do n't report and it 's found out , " said J. Spencer Dickerson , executive director of the U.S. Contract Tower Association . But he also said it is "  a stretch " to conclude that contract towers are safer . He said the two systems have "  comparable levels of safety . " "  The irony of the program is a lot of controllers are retired FAA controllers , " Dickerson said . FAA controllers must retire at age 56 , but contract controllers have no such mandatory retirement age . "  So it 's a great opportunity for FAA controllers who do their 20 years and want to stay in the business , " he said . The "  vast majority " of contract controllers are former FAA or former military controllers . They must be certified by the FAA and must meet the same medical requirements and are subject to the same drug testing . But contract towers are "  definitely more cost-effective to the taxpayers , " Dickerson said . Airports that have contract towers "  are very positive of the program , " he said . "  The reports are that it 's seamless . Pilots will tell you they ca n't tell the difference between an FAA tower and the contract towers , and that 's our goal . "	Contract towers have lower costs , same safety levels as FAA-staffed towers , study finds Controllers at contract towers must meet FAA safety , medical standards Contract towers began after Reagan 's 1981 firing of striking controllers
Moscow  CNN  -- Police detained about 40 gay-rights activists in Moscow on Sunday , alleging they attempted to hold an unauthorized demonstration during Moscow gay pride events , the police press service said . State-run Russian news agency RIA Novosti reported that prominent gay rights activist Nikolai Alexeyev and several others were among those detained during an authorized picket near Moscow 's city hall . "  The picket was devoted to the anniversary of the decriminalization of homosexuality in Russia and was not sanctioned by the authorities , " RIA Novosti said . Activists have held similar gay pride demonstrations in previous years , but usually disperse before police arrive , according to the news agency . Incumbent Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin and his predecessor , Yury Luzhkov , have both spoken against public gay-rights rallies , with Luzhkov calling them "  Satanic , " according to RIA Novosti . An authorized gay pride rally took place in St. Petersburg for the first time May 17 , the news agency said , but "  dozens of unidentified thugs attacked the activists after the event , beating them up . " One activist was detained , but RIA Novosti said there were no serious injuries or damages from the incident . CNN 's Arkady Irshenko contributed to this report .	Police say the activists were holding an unauthorized demonstration Report : A prominent activist was among those detained The incident took place outside the Moscow city hall , reports say
The Justice Department on Thursday was reviewing a request from Virginia Democratic lawmakers to launch an inquiry into a firm that hired a worker who allegedly destroyed voter registration applications . Congressmen Jim Moran , Bobby Scott and Gerry Connolly on Wednesday asked Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate a Republican-hired firm , Pinpoint , amid allegations of voter fraud . A Pinpoint employee , Colin Small of Phoenixville , Pennsylvania , who was brought on to conduct voter registration drives , faces local criminal charges in Rockingham County , Virginia . He is charged over allegations that he threw eight completed voter registration forms into the trash . He also is charged with obstruction of justice . Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli , a Republican , said he was expanding the investigation to see whether there was an effort to destroy voter registration applications statewide . His decision came after the Republican-dominated state elections board agreed to seek an inquiry to determine whether the allegations against Small represented an isolated incident or a broader effort . Pinpoint and another company , Strategic Allied Consulting , were hired by Republicans to conduct voter registration drives . Strategic Allied Consulting , on its website , said it has "  never tolerated even minimal violations of election law when registering voters . " CNN was unable late Thursday to contact Pinpoint . The Justice Department did not say what if any action it might take , but indicated the Virginia attorney general 's action would not affect its decision .	Employee accused of throwing out voter registration forms Virginia lawmakers seek federal inquiry State attorney general expands his investigation
CNN  -- Severe flooding killed at least five people in central Tennessee on Saturday , officials said , as floodwaters inundated roads , highways and homes in and around the Nashville area . The National Weather Service also said 33 of 75 counties in Arkansas are under a tornado warning , and 25 counties in Tennessee are under a tornado watch . Two people were killed Saturday when floodwaters swept them away as they tried to seek safety on the roof of their SUV about 80 miles northwest of Nashville , Stewart County emergency management spokesman Clint Mathis said . Three more people were reported dead in counties near Nashville , Tennessee Emergency Management spokesman Jeremy Heidt told CNN . Between 6 and 10 inches of rain has fallen in 12 hours in the area , causing "  extremely dangerous " flooding , the National Weather Service said . "  This is one of the most severe rain events Nashville has ever experienced , " Nashville Mayor Karl Dean said in a statement . Dean said more than 50 water rescues had been conducted Saturday , and more were under way . "  I urge all Nashville residents to stay home and stay off the roads , " Dean said . At least 2,000 people were displaced after two levees broke in Millington , a small city near Memphis , Millington Police said . Video from CNN affiliate WZTV showed more than a dozen vehicles submerged in several feet of swift-moving water on I-24 in Nashville . Rescue workers helped drivers escape as water surrounded their cars , CNN affiliate WSMV reported . The floodwaters pushed a home off of its foundation and into the middle of I-24 . Video from WZTV showed a school annex building floating down the interstate before breaking into pieces . WSMV : Section of I-24 closed by massive flooding Officials are advising residents to stay off roads , as many have become impassable . Janel Lacy , a spokeswoman for the Nashville mayor 's office , said that in addition to I-24 in Davidson County , 20 other local roads were closed . CNN iReporter Andrew Ellis sent in a video of a "  raging river " of water rushing over an open field where people usually play soccer and golf in Lexington , Tennessee . "  The flooding brought the town to a standstill . No one could get in and no one could get out , " he said . "  Many homes , vehicles and entire neighborhoods either were or still are under water . " CNN iReporter Jennifer Alter said her dad helped her push her car out after she got stuck on Christmasville Road in Jackson , Tennessee , on the way to work early Saturday morning . "  We went back to check it a few hours later and the road was gone , " she said . Lacy said one shelter had opened at Lipscomb University , and officials planned to open others . The rain is expected to continue into Sunday morning , she said . Heidt said floodwaters were expected to crest around 11 p.m. CT  midnight ET  Saturday . The weather service has reported record flooding at Mill Creek , near Antioch , Tennessee . CNN 's Jacqui Jeras and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : 33 Arkansas counties are under a tornado warning , National Weather Service says NEW : 25 counties in Tennessee are under a tornado watch , weather service says NEW : At least 5 people have been killed in severe flooding in central Tennessee 6-10 inches of rain has fallen in 12 hours in Nashville area
The embattled regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is not close to falling despite nearly two years of fighting between government forces and rebels seeking to depose him , Jordan 's King Abdullah II said Friday . "  Anyone who says that Bashar 's regime has got weeks to live really does n't know the reality on the ground , " he said during a panel appearance with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . "  They still have capability . ... So  I expect  a strong showing for at least the first half of 2013 . " Nonetheless , fears are growing that Syria may implode as the protracted conflict gets nastier . Any fragmentation of the country into small states would be "  catastrophic and something that we would be reeling from for decades to come , " Abdullah said . He also warned of the threat of foreign jihadist fighters now in Syria . Al Qaeda has been established there for the past year and is getting support "  from certain quarters , " the king said . "  They are a force to contend with , so even if we got the best government into Damascus tomorrow , we have at least two or three years of securing our borders from them coming across and to clean them up , " he said . Comparing the militant threat with that seen in Afghanistan , Abdullah said that "  the new Taliban that we are going to have to deal with will be in Syria . " Read more : Syrians find calm after carnage Abdullah appealed for greater international help for more than 300,000 Syrian refugees who have already fled over the border into Jordan and are suffering in the grip of a cruel winter . He also urged the stockpiling of humanitarian supplies that could be taken across Syria 's borders , to try to keep people from leaving -- and to win hearts and minds . "  If these people start to starve and they do n't have fuel and electricity and water , and hospitals are not running , that 's when radicalization comes in and take advantage , " he said . The number of Syrians fleeing to a Jordanian desert in the dead of the night continues to skyrocket , as officials warn of dwindling resources and a prolonged humanitarian crisis . Syrian refugees continue to flood Jordan amid warnings of crisis About 3,280 Syrians crossed into the Zaatari refugee camp overnight on Thursday , said Anmar Hmoud , a Jordan government spokesman for Syrian refugee affairs . A day earlier , nearly 3,000 refugees arrived in Jordan , according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . "  Indicators show they keep coming and it 's much more than we 're used to , " Hmoud said . As many as 36,000 Syrians have crossed into Jordan since January 1 . Syria 's grim toll continues into 2013 And as more people take refuge from the upheaval , the escalating numbers are straining resources , officials said . About 350,000 Syrian refugees have fled to Jordan since the conflict began , a number described as "  staggering " by Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh . "  The weakest refugees are struggling now just to survive this year 's harsh winter , " Abdullah said . "  More international support is desperately needed . "  Here I can not emphasize enough the challenges that we are all facing , both in Jordan and Lebanon . And it 's only going to get worse . " He urged the international community to come together "  decisively " to end the bloodshed and come up with a solution that gives all Syrians a stake in their country 's future . "  The situation is now very volatile security wise . Parts of the country are changing hands at a very rapid basis , " said Valerie Amos , the U.N. emergency relief coordinator . "  We are trying to get to as many people as we can because people cross the borders when they really reach a desperation stage , where they ca n't get food , they ca n't get medical supplies . " About 700,000 Syrian refugees have left for neighboring nations since the conflict began , Amos said . Young girl survives 11 hours under bomb rubble in Syria The International Rescue Committee has noted that in Jordan and other countries , a majority of Syrian refugees are living outside of camps -- in cities and towns where social services , schools and even trash and waste systems are not equipped to meet the needs of a suddenly inflated population . Amos urged donors to help , saying she hoped a Wednesday conference in Kuwait would yield some of the $ 1.5 billion in aid requested by humanitarian groups . That money would help Syrians displaced within their own country and those who have fled to neighboring nations for six months , she said . "  If we do not receive these funds , we will not be able to reach the poorest and most vulnerable families who so desperately need our help , " she said . Zaatari is in Jordan 's northern desert , northeast of Amman . Enterprising Syrian refugees , many of whom arrived with nothing , have set up their own retail avenue amid dusty tents and prefabricated metal shelters . The facilities are providing a small source of income and -- perhaps more importantly -- something to do to stave off the boredom and discomfort of camp life . The United Nations estimates 60,000 people have died in nearly two years of fighting between the rebels and government forces . Violence continued in Syria on Friday , with three people killed in clashes nationwide , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees . Heavy shelling continued in the Damascus suburbs , the group said . Elsewhere , rebels raided the Idlib Central Prison and freed 300 prisoners , the LCC said . Video purportedly taped by rebels showed them using pipes to pry the prison 's barred windows away from the wall . "  Be patient , be patient , " a man behind the camera shouts at the inmates , with one waving his hand out the cell bars . Rebels were engaged in firefights Friday with government security forces at the prison , and the rebels managed to cross some prison walls , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Freed , wounded prisoners and injured rebels were treated at a makeshift clinic in Amaaret Misreen about 6 miles  9 kilometers  outside Idlib , an opposition activist said . The rebels ' assault on the prison began Friday and they were in control of 60 % of the facility , though fighting continued over two major buildings , said opposition activist Omar Abu Al-Huda . He told CNN he witnessed the offensive . The inmate population includes political prisoners , and the prison is considered the last major government position in western Idlib , Al-Huda said . Government forces have an army position , with tanks and heavy machine guns , inside the prison . CNN can not independently verify many claims from Syria , as the government has severely restricted access by international journalists . On Monday , representatives from 50 countries and organizations will meet in Kuwait with two vice presidents of the National Syrian Coalition , a spokesman with the French Foreign Ministry said . The meeting will be a follow-up to a December 12 gathering in Marrakech , Morocco , where United States , Britain , France , Turkey and the Gulf Cooperation Council recognized the opposition coalition , the spokesman said . The meeting will address greater recognition for the coalition , confirmation of financial pledges to it , and the humanitarian situation in Syria , the spokesman said . Refugee camps in neighboring countries will also be discussed , the ministry said .	Nations recognizing opposition coalition will meet in Kuwait on Monday Jordan 's King Abdullah says the al-Assad regime has strength to last months longer He calls for international help to stave off a looming humanitarian crisis As many as 36,000 Syrians have fled to Jordan since January 1
CNN  -- Leeland Eisenberg is missing yet again . The 52-year-old New Hampshire man , who took hostages six years ago at one of Hillary Clinton 's campaign offices , was not in his Manchester halfway house when he was supposed to be Sunday afternoon , according to the New Hampshire Department of Corrections . Authorities say they are considering it an escape because Eisenberg did not let anyone know he was leaving , as he is required to do . They said he is not considered armed or dangerous . This is at least the second time Eisenberg has left authorities wondering about his whereabouts . He was released in 2009 after serving two thirds of a three-year sentence . But in February 2010 , he violated his probation by cutting off his GPS tracking bracelet . He was arrested about a day later and eventually received a new sentence of 3 1/2 to 7 years . He is eligible for parole in August . Eisenberg has a history of mental illness and substance-abuse problems , authorities say . In 2007 , he entered Clinton 's campaign office in Rochester , New Hampshire , with road flares strapped to his chest . He claimed he had a bomb , and he held several hostages for five hours . Clinton was in Washington at the time . In an interview with CNN in 2007 , Eisenberg said he took the hostages to raise awareness about mental health issues . "  I wanted to sacrifice myself for mental illness and bring about the discussion about mental illness , " Eisenberg said . Furthermore , he said , "  I wanted the police to kill me . " He was convicted of multiple counts of kidnapping , criminal threatening and false reports of explosives . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Authorities say Leeland Eisenberg is not at his New Hampshire halfway house Eisenberg held hostages at a Hillary Clinton campaign office in 2007 After an early release from prison , Eisenberg violated his probation in 2010
CNN  -- The scenes were shocking . Hooliganism is supposed to be a thing of the past , but the fighting in the streets of Warsaw during the opening week of Euro 2012 was a stark reminder that football 's "  disease " has not been cured . The first major tournament to be held in Eastern Europe has already provided a cocktail of color and a wealth of excitement on the pitch , but the violence between Russia and Poland fans has cast a shadow over the continent 's showcase event . Despite being on a small scale so far , the problems have turned the spotlight towards 2018 -- when Russia will host the planet 's biggest soccer spectacle , the World Cup . "  The Russian press are obviously very , very upset about what has happened , " Russian football expert James Appell told CNN . "  How this will affect attitudes towards 2018 wo n't come from inside Russia , it 'll be a baton that is picked up by the international press and by UEFA and international footballing authorities . "  I think Russia will only react to criticism if it comes from outside . I do n't think Russian authorities have really taken the kind of steps that have been needed through pressure on a domestic front . "  I 'd expect in the aftermath of what has happened that the European footballing authorities and perhaps even FIFA will step in and mandate some kind of changes that need to be made in Russian football in order for 2018 to go ahead peacefully . " Geoff Pearson , an expert on football hooliganism at England 's University of Liverpool , believes Russian authorities need to take an initiative ahead of the World Cup . "  They need to be able to identify who these groups are in each city because it is almost certain these groups will look to attack certain groups of fans that travel to Russia for the World Cup in the same way the Polish hooligan groups have attacked Russian fans in Warsaw , " Pearson told CNN . "  The important thing is that the police , between now and 2018 , are able to identify who these groups are and that they are closely monitored so they do n't cause trouble . " Trouble also erupted at Russia 's first match as the tournament kicked off last Friday , when a black Czech Republic player was allegedly subject to racist chants and four Polish stewards attacked in the stands . It is not the first time violence has tainted the European Championship . In 1980 , when Italy hosted the tournament , England 's clash with Belgium had to be halted due to fighting in the stands . In 1988 , police arrested English , Dutch and German fans due to violence . And at Euro 2000 , nearly 1,000 England fans were arrested after riots in the Belgian cities of Charleroi and Brussels . European soccer 's ruling body UEFA has often been accused of failing to properly punish such problems , but this week it fined the Russian Football Union $ 149,000 and threatened its national team with a six-point deduction for the Euro 2016 qualifiers if there is any repeat . It may act again over Tuesday 's street brawls , where police arrested 184 people -- 157 Polish and 24 Russian -- after a Russian national day march through Poland 's capital sparked confrontations . Appell believes Friday 's events should have proved a forewarning . "  The violence was 100 % predictable , " he said . "  You can talk about the immediate short-term context , which was thousands of Russian fans coming over to Poland and causing trouble in the stadium in Wroclaw on Friday in the match with the Czech Republic . "  Reaction to that in Poland has been pretty unequivocal ; a number of fan ultra groups vowed revenge immediately after Friday and there was some anticipation that would be carried out before the Poland-Russia fixture . "  The longer term context you can go back probably about a millennium and look at the relations between Poland and Russia , and it would n't be difficult to guess this is the sort of fixture that would bring those tensions to the boil . " Given the complex historical context between the two nations , it was hardly surprising that their Group A clash was preceded by violence . Their relationship has been punctuated by conflict , stretching back as far as the 11th century . Most recently , Poland was occupied by Russia under Stalin during World War Two , in a brutal chapter that saw the Red Army commit multiple numbers of atrocities . Tuesday 's march , which marked the establishment of Russian sovereignty in the aftermath of the collapse of the Soviet Union , was sanctioned by the Polish authorities . Inside the stadium just before kickoff in Tuesday 's game , Russian fans unfurled a huge banner that read "  This is Russia " -- which some commentators claimed carried Neo-Nazi symbols on it . It depicted Dmitry Pozharsky , a Russian prince who led resistance to Polish-Lithuanian rule in the 17th century . It provoked another familiar question when it comes to the issue of football in Russia : how easy is it to separate the soccer from the politics ? "  It 's very hard and I 'd say that goes not just for international fixtures but also for Russian domestic football fan culture , " Appell said . "  At your average Russian Premier League game the kind of slogans , iconography and symbolism such as flags , banners and chant that would n't have looked entirely out of place at a nationalist march outside football territory . "  It 's very difficult sometimes to separate what you 're seeing as an expression of football culture and an expression of nationalistic culture . " But just as the authorities have done , Appell is keen to stress that the pockets of trouble witnessed in the tournament 's first week do not mean UEFA was wrong to award the tournament to Poland and Ukraine . "  I actually think on whole , if you leave aside Group A fixtures , the experiences the vast majority fans have had in Poland and Ukraine have been extremely positive . This is about the behavior of the football fan and not the location in which they are behaving . " Polish police said their swift intervention when Tuesday 's violence escalated prevented further casualties , and claimed fans carrying knuckledusters and batons were not interested in the football . The police also reiterated that over half a million people have so far attended matches , or fan zone areas , highlighting the small number of incidents leading to arrest . Poland 's sports minister Joanna Mucha said she was both "  disgusted " and "  ashamed " -- and vowed not to let a small minority spoil an atmosphere at the tournament she described as "  fantastic . " Despite the outrage , Pearson agreed that the chaos in Warsaw was preventable . "  I ca n't be 100 % sure as I was n't there but what happened in Warsaw seemed to be a complete mess , " he told CNN . "  Historical tensions make it a high risk event . The bottom line is , we would n't have seen trouble had there not been between 10,000 and 20,000 Russian fans in Warsaw . There were obviously things that went wrong on the day . "  There was a situation where hooligans of both teams mixed in with other crowds , that meant normal fans got attacked and were subject to quite aggressive policing . That 's when we move from these small criminal groups fighting to wider disorder . "  No doubt there were groups of both Polish and Russian supporters who attended that match with a view to confrontation . We 're talking relatively small numbers here and it should be possible to police those groups and , if possible , exclude them from the stadium . "	Soccer violence at Euro 2012 sparks fears for 2018 World Cup in Russia Russian fans fought with Polish supporters ahead of group match in Warsaw Experts say the violence could have been prevented with more forethought Polish authorities sanctioned a Russian national day march through the city
CNN  -- Five people were killed and a 6-year-old girl was taken to a hospital after a shooting in a tiny western Illinois village early Wednesday , officials said . The gunman , identified as Rick Odell Smith , 43 , was killed after a chase and shootout with police hours later , authorities said . "  There is no reason to believe there is any further danger to the communities or that there are any other suspects , " Illinois State Police Lt. Col. Todd Kilby said Wednesday . Police said they were called to an apartment building in Manchester -- roughly 40 miles southwest of Springfield -- at about 4:30 a.m.  5:30 a.m. ET  . Smith , last known to live in Morgan County , Illinois , forced his way through the back door of an apartment and shot six people inside with a shotgun , police said . Officers found five people dead , Kilby said . Their identities will not be released until autopsies are performed , Kilby said . The dead included two women , one man and two boys , police said . A 6-year-old girl was transported to a hospital with gunshot wounds after the gunman "  put her in the hands of a neighbor , " Kilby said . She was in critical condition , he said . Witnesses gave police a description of the vehicle in which the attacker fled , and police found Smith in an undisclosed location at about 7:15 a.m. , Kilby said . Police chased and eventually exchanged gunfire with Smith , who was wounded . He was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead , Kilby said . He said that Smith and the victims were acquainted , but not related , and that authorities are still investigating the exact nature of the relationship . The victims inside the apartment were related , he said . The incident disrupted the village of about 290 people and surrounding communities , with area schools closing for the day , according to police in nearby Winchester . Manchester is in sparsely populated Scott County . The county had fewer than 6,000 residents as of the 2010 census . "  Fortunately , this type of thing does n't happen here very often , but this is proof that it can happen , " Scott County state 's attorney Michael Hill told reporters . CNN 's Karan Olson , Jason Hanna , Carma Hassan and Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Police identify gunman as Rick Odell Smith , 43 NEW : Smith , victims were acquainted but not related , police say Five people were found dead in an apartment in Illinois town of 290 people Girl , 6 , taken to hospital with gunshot wounds , is in critical condition , police say
CNN  For decades , no one has been able to convict millionaire Robert Durst . Not after his wife 's disappearance . Not after his friend 's suspicious death . Not even after he admitted he killed and dismembered his neighbor . But it may be Durst who does himself in with 11 words he muttered in a restroom : "  What the hell did I do ? Killed them all , of course . " Those comments were picked up on a microphone he was wearing for the HBO documentary series about him called "  The Jinx . " Apparently , the real estate heir did n't turn his microphone off when he went to the bathroom . Durst now sits in a New Orleans jail after his arrest Saturday in connection with the 2000 death of his longtime friend Susan Berman in Los Angeles . On Monday , California prosecutors said Durst was "  lying in wait " when he shot and killed Berman because she "  was a witness to a crime . " She had been shot in the head shortly before investigators were supposed to come ask her about the disappearance of Durst 's first wife in 1982 . Durst will be transferred to Los Angeles to face a first-degree murder charge . If convicted , he could face the death penalty . When he goes to trial , could those 11 words be admitted in court ? Here , several legal experts weigh in : Yes : His lawyer could argue that he absolutely did . "  Here 's what his attorneys are going to say : They are going to say that he had an expectation of privacy , " HLN legal analyst Joey Jackson said . "  And as a result of that , putting this in context , he excused himself and went into a private bathroom . " No : That argument might not fly , CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  That whole theory of the Constitution is that you have an expectation of privacy under certain circumstances when you 're dealing with the police . But here , he 's dealing with filmmakers . " Furthermore , Toobin said , Durst had a microphone on . "  You ca n't have an expectation of privacy when you 're wearing a microphone . Yeah , he maybe forgot , but that 's not good enough . " Yes : The defense very well could , said Jackson , the HLN analyst . "  The attorneys are going to further argue that there was governmental action in as much as HBO was working very closely with the authorities . And they 're going to say , is n't it coincidental how his arrest comes on the heels of the final episode of this HBO documentary ? " No : CNN legal analyst Paul Callan does n't think that defense will work . "  In criminal law , the police ca n't wire somebody up . They have to give you Miranda warnings if they 're going to take a statement from you , " he said . "  However , if a civilian is tape-recording you , as was the case here with HBO , that 's admissible in court if it 's relevant to the crime committed . " Yes : He could . Susan Criss was the judge during Durst 's 2003 murder trial in which he admitted to shooting an elderly neighbor and then dismembering him . She remembers how prosecutors did n't use many of his admissions . "  In our trial , he had been recorded on the phone talking to his wife and friends , making a lot of admissions , and the state never used that , " she said . "  But he was aware that he had been recorded saying things that could implicate him in the murder that we were trying . " No : Probably not . Section 1220 of the California Penal Code says "  evidence of a statement is not made inadmissible by the hearsay rule when offered against the declarant in an action to which he is a party in either his individual or representative capacity . " In this case , Durst is the declarant who spoke those words , and if they 're used against him , they could be fair game . Yes : It 's a card the defense could certainly play . "  It will be up to  defense attorney  Dick DeGuerin to talk about , and I think he 's going to have a field day with the idea that it was n't an answer in response to a question ,  so  that 's meaningless , " CNN legal analyst Mark Geragos said . Already , one of Durst 's attorneys has said not to read too much into his client 's offhand remarks . "  Your honesty would lead you to say you 've said things under your breath before that you probably did n't mean , " attorney Chip Lewis told Fox News ' "  Justice With Judge Jeanine . " "  We want to contest the basis for his arrest , because I think it 's not based on facts , it 's based on ratings , " DeGuerin told reporters Tuesday in New Orleans . "  So we will continue to fight for Bob . We want to get to California as quickly as we can so we can get into a court of law and try this case where it needs to be tried . " No : The prosecution could argue Durst knew what was going on . "  Earlier in those interviews , in a previous interview for that very program , there was a break where he was caught practicing his testimony . And so he realized ... he had a mic on , " said Criss , the judge from Durst 's earlier trial . "  This is a third time he 's made that mistake . That 's amazing . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Real estate heir Robert Durst has been investigated in two deaths and a disappearance A microphone catches Durst saying he "  killed them all " Legal experts debate whether that audio can be used against him in court
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- A bomb went off near a U.N. patrol vehicle in southern Lebanon Friday , wounding five French U.N. troops in the latest attack on peacekeepers in the region this year . The soldiers received treatment on the scene before being evacuated for further medical attention , said Andrea Tenenti , deputy spokesman for the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon , which monitors the cessation of hostilities between Lebanon and Israel . Tenenti said that the injuries suffered were light . French and Lebanese officials roundly condemned the strike , which occurred east of the city of Tyre and near the town of Burj Al Shamali . Lebanese President Michel Suleiman said such incidents are aimed at putting pressure on peacekeepers to pull out of Lebanon and open the way for the return of terrorist activity . Prime Minister Najib Mikati said the attacks "  do not only target UNIFIL troops only but also target Lebanon 's security and stability , as well of the security of all Lebanese . " French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said his country "  demands that light be shed on the attack . We call Lebanese authorities to make every effort to ensure that those responsible are prosecuted . " Hezbollah , the Lebanese Shiite militant group regarded as a terror organization by the United States and Israel , said the act was "  aimed against Lebanon 's security and stability , and aimed at the stability of Southern Lebanon more specifically , " and added that Hezbollah "  calls upon the security apparatuses to exert all efforts to put an end to such attacks . " A civilian was also wounded in the attack , Lebanon 's National News Agency reported . UNIFIL has been in southern Lebanon since the nation 's 1978 conflict with Israel . After the 2006 war between Israel and Lebanon 's Hezbollah militia , the peacekeepers ' mandate was expanded to include helping Lebanon keep the country 's south "  free of any armed personnel , assets and weapons " other than government troops . In July , an explosion in the port city of Sidon left six French troops wounded . And in May , a blast wounded six Italian troops from the 15,000-member contingent . CNN 's Nada Husseini and Niki Cook contributed to this report .	NEW : The blast is condemned by France , Lebanese officials and Hezbollah The injuries suffered by the soldiers are light This is one of several attacks on U.N. peacekeepers in Lebanon this year The five wounded troops are French
CNN  -- There are approximately 600 million Catholic women in the world , but none will have a direct say in who the next pope will be . The 115 cardinals voting for the pope are men . One of these men will be chosen to succeed Benedict XVI , continuing an exclusively male club . Or is it ? Two movies have been made about Pope Joan , who , according to legend , was a ninth-century Englishwoman who disguised herself under voluminous clerical robes to become a priest , something women are not allowed to be in the Catholic Church . As the story goes , Joan outdid all the men in her religious studies and rose in the ranks of the cardinals to become pope . She then went into labor during a papal procession and the mob descended on her and her child , ending her reign . Diarmaid MacCulloch , a theologian and historian from Oxford University , said the story of Pope Joan is a myth , nothing but satirical fiction . "  It keeps appealing to new anxieties and new interests , " he said . "  So first it 's medieval people who resented the papacy . Then it 's Protestants . Then it 's French revolutionaries who want to discredit the church . "  The next constituency is actually Catholics who want to see women priests . And this seems to me the most dangerous aspect of the story , because it 's using a story which is patently nonsense to boost a good cause . " But Pope Joan still has her believers . Why , they ask , were cardinals asked to sit on a uniquely shaped chair well into the 16th century ? Was it a birthing chair ? Or , as legend holds , a specially designed seat for checking the next Pope had the right , shall we say , equipment for the job ? What about the peculiarly named Vicus Papissa , or Road of the Lady Pope , a medieval alleyway shunned by papal processions ? This , according to legend , is where Pope Joan came to an end . There is even a shrine said to be dedicated to her and her child . Historians say the road is named not for Pope Joan , but for the Pape family that lived there . Still , the legend endures , as do calls for women to break through the stained-glass ceiling and have a greater say in the church . At Rome 's Church of St. Lucia , the art on the walls highlights the central role that women have had in the church 's past . Catholics revere Mary , the mother of Jesus , and church history is replete with female saints who struggled and died for the faith . Others refused to stay silent when they saw evil in the church 's ranks : In the 14th century , St. Catherine of Siena famously called the cardinals "  devils in human form . " "  Everyone would like to have more women everywhere , because this is a fact that is not possible to stop : Nowadays , women are very , very strong , " said Alessandra Candrelli , one of the many women worshiping at the Church of St. Lucia . A bit of female advice might help the church steer its way through troubled waters , said Donna Orsuto , a professor from the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome . "  It certainly brings more balance when you have contact with women and when you listen to women especially and listen to their perspective , " she said . "  And I think a lot of the ways that this  abuse  crisis was handled in the church , to have had more women 's input in dealing with it would have been a better thing . " Who are the front-runners to replace Benedict XVI ? Sister Mary Ann Walsh of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops concedes that the church 's hierarchy is male-dominated , but said women do occupy important lay positions in Catholic social and relief organizations . "  If you take ordination off the table , in the U.S. our statistics are better than the Department of Labor when it comes to women in executive positions , " Walsh said . For now , however , women have at best an indirect influence on the Vatican 's upper echelon . "  Certainly the church is not a democratic society in the way civil society understands , " said Cardinal Jose Saraiva Martins of Portugal . "  It 's a hierarchical church , therefore not everyone is equal . " Women 's voices might be louder than before , but will there ever be a female pope ? MacCulloch said he could see it happening one day . "  It 's surprising how quickly these things happen once the idea gets around , " he said . "  But do n't hold your breath . "	The Vatican 's upper echelon appears to be an exclusive men 's club Women are n't allowed to be ordained as priests , so they can not become pope Still , many women hold executive lay positions in Catholic organizations Some believe there was once a female pope ; movies have been made about the medieval tale
CNN  -- There is no evidence to suggest that the two men who used stolen passports to get aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 had anything to do with its disappearance Saturday as it was flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing , an official said Tuesday . "  The more information we get , the more we 're inclined to conclude that it was not a terrorist incident , " Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble told reporters Tuesday at his organization 's headquarters in Lyon , France . Here 's what we know about what happened , how it happened and why . WHO ARE THEY ? The passengers are Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza , 29 , and Pouri Nourmohammadi , 18 . They entered Malaysia on February 28 using valid Iranian passports . CNN obtained an iReport photo of what appears to be the two men with two of their friends . Metadata from the photo indicates that it was shot with an iPhone at 8:20 p.m. the night before the plane departed . CNN has blurred the faces of the other two men to protect their identities . WHAT HAPPENED ? To fly out of Malaysia , Reza and Nourmohammadi used passports that were stolen in Thailand , a booming market for stolen passports . The passports belonged to citizens of Italy and Austria . "  Thailand remains a robust venue for the sale of high-quality , false passports  which includes altered , stolen passports  and other supporting documentation , " said Paul Quaglia , who has been working in the region as a security and risk analyst for 14 years . The Italian , Luigi Maraldi , 37 , told reporters he reported his passport stolen in August . The Austrian , Christian Kozel , 30 , had his stolen in July 2013 . Authorities said they do n't know how Reza and Nourmohammadi came to possess the passports . HOW DID IT HAPPEN ? On Saturday , Reza used the Italian 's passport ; Nourmohammadi used the Austrian 's . According to Thai police , an Iranian man named Kazem Ali bought one-way tickets for the men , describing them as friends who wanted to return home to Europe . While Ali made the initial booking by telephone , Ali or someone acting on his behalf paid cash for the tickets , police said . The tickets were purchased at the same time from China Southern Airlines in Thailand 's baht currency and at identical prices , according to China 's official e-ticket verification system Travelsky . The ticket numbers are consecutive , implying they were issued together . Both were for travel from Kuala Lumpur to Amsterdam via Beijing . The ticket for the man who was using the Italian passport continued to Copenhagen , Denmark . The ticket for the holder of the Austrian passport ended in Frankfurt , Germany . Nourmohammadi was hoping to emigrate to Germany . The Iranian 's mother had been expecting him to arrive in Frankfurt and contacted authorities when he did n't show up , said Malaysian Inspector General of Police Khalid Abu Bakar . "  If you read what the head of Malaysia police said recently , about  Nourmohammadi  ... wanting to travel to Frankfurt , Germany , to be with his mother ,  this  is part of a human smuggling issue and not a terrorist issue , " Interpol 's Noble said . Interpol says the passports were recorded as stolen in its database . But no country had checked them against Interpol 's list . Countries , not airlines , have access to Interpol 's data , and many governments do n't routinely check passports against the database . WHY DID IT HAPPEN ? Phil Robertson , deputy director of the Asia Division of Human Rights Watch , has a plausible explanation . "  After the Green Revolution in Iran for human rights and democracy was crushed by Iranian authorities , there were many Iranians who fled to Malaysia , " he told CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout . Many Middle Easterners do n't need a visa to enter Malaysia , which makes it a common destination for those seeking to emigrate for any number of reasons . But they can run into problems when they try to depart Malaysia for countries that do require visas . "  A stolen passport can be one way to do it , " Robertson said . "  Unfortunately , this is quite common . " How do they get them ? "  Often persons like this , if they are going to make a play to go to somewhere like Germany or other parts of Europe , they would need some sort of broker to help them make the arrangements , " he said . "  So it 's very possible you could have some sort of migrant smuggling group that 's involved with this . " CNN 's Tom Watkins , David Williams , Shimon Prokupecz , Katia Hetter , Karla Cripps , Khushbu Shah , Jethro Mullen and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	The two men were Iranians who used stolen passports They were flying from Malaysia to countries in Europe Pouri Nourmohammadi 's mother was expecting him in Frankfurt , Germany Interpol : "  This is not a terrorist issue "
CNN  -- Champions League holders and arguably Europe 's most in-form team Real Madrid were drawn against German side Schalke 04 in the last 16 of Europe 's most prestigious competition . Real , which defeated city rival Atletico Madrid 4-1 in Lisbon last year to win "  La Decima " -- it 's 10th title -- is attempting to become the first team to successfully defend the Champions League . Two of England 's three clubs face tough ties , with Chelsea drawn against Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester City paired with Spanish giants Barcelona . Arsenal were arguably handed an easier route to the quarterfinals after drawing France 's Monaco , which will see the London club 's manager Arsene Wenger return to the team he coached for seven years between 1987 and 1994 . Last season 's finalists Atletico will meet Bayer Leverkusen , while Italy 's Juventus drew Borussia Dortmund , with Bayern Munich -- Germany 's fourth club in the last 16 -- handed a tie against Shakhtar Donetsk . Elsewhere Swiss side Basel will face Portugal 's Porto . The 2015 final will be staged in Berlin 's Olympiastadion on June 6 . The first leg games will be played on February 17/18 and 24/25 , with the second legs scheduled for March 10/11 and 17/18 . On Friday Real Madrid extended their winning streak in all competitions to a remarkable 20 games with a 4-1 away win over Almeria .	Real Madrid draw Schalke 04 in last 16 of Champions League PSG vs. Chelsea and Manchester City vs. Barcelona arguably pick of last 16 ties Bayern Munich to meet Ukraine 's Shakhtar Donetsk Last season 's finalists Atletico face Bayer Leverkusen
Paris  CNN  -- Nicolas Sarkozy may be breathing a bit easier after authorities on Thursday decided not to pursue a formal investigation against the former French president , but rather to treat him as what officials described as a "  witness-under-caution . " The phrase is a technical term that essentially allows a French magistrate to continue to call the former leader to the witness stand in the case over whether L'Oreal cosmetics heiress Liliane Bettencourt and her staff illegally helped him during his 2007 presidential campaign . Sarkozy still faces the possibility of criminal charges stemming from allegedly illicit campaign donations . Read more : Attorney : Sarkozy 's home , offices raided Judge Jean-Michel Gentil questioned the former French leader on Thursday for 12 hours concerning evidence given by 90-year-old Bettencourt 's former accountant , Claire Thibout , CNN affiliate BFM-TV reports . The Bettencourt scandal has fascinated France since questions about the finances of France 's richest woman emerged last year amid a family feud . Read more : Why Sarko lost : Personality or policy ? Among the matters probed by investigators were allegations that secret , possibly illegal payments were made to French politicians , including Sarkozy ; Eric Woerth , his former labor minister ; and members of his party , the Union for a Popular Movement , known as UMP . Sarkozy lost the diplomatic immunity he held as president when he failed in his re-election bid in May . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Former President Nicolas Sarkozy questioned over funding for his 2007 campaign L'Oreal cosmetics heiress Liliane Bettencourt is suspected of illegally helping him Bettencourt , 90 , is France 's richest woman Sarkozy 's former labor minister Eric Woerth and others have also faced scrutiny
CNN  Countries around the world have launched massive aid operations to help victims of the Nepal earthquake , but distribution of aid faces challenges as Nepal is still trying to come to terms with the scale of the disaster . With over 4,400 dead , 8,000 injured and 8 million people across Nepal affected , numerous aid groups and at least 16 nations have rushed to send supplies and workers to the stricken country . But now the Nepalese government and army who are leading the disaster response face another problem : How to effectively coordinate and organize the massive influx of humanitarian aid . Here are three major obstacles that are hampering efforts of distribution . Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid . Relief organizations say the tarmac at Tribhuvan International Airport remains jam-packed with a large number of cargo planes . Several aircraft carrying essential supplies have been turned away , or diverted to India and elsewhere . "  The airport is totally congested . Even the planes which have landed , goods have n't been offloaded , " Jagan Chapagain , the Asia Pacific Director of the IFRC  International Federations of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies  told CNN . Flightradar24 , a live air traffic monitor , shows that incoming flights have had to circle in the air several times before being able to land . The United Nations Disaster Assessment and Coordination  UNDAC  team who is on the ground coordinating international relief efforts says they are doing all they can to address the problem . "  There are lots of flights arriving from around the world for search and rescue , and that 's the challenge we 're trying to address by supporting the airport staff directly , " said Marcus Werne , a UNDAC team leader . But Chapagain says that airport management is still chaotic , with staff and military not being able to clear runways and offload supplies effectively . According to a U.N. situation report , main roads in Kathmandu are open , but remote areas are largely inaccessible . "  Due to the mountainous geography , infrastructure damage , collapsed bridges and damaged roads , access to many of the affected areas is reported to be extremely limited , " read the report . The Nepalese government has not been able to provide relief to all affected areas due to difficulties in transporting goods , a government official told CNN . "  The helicopters are small . They do n't fly in windy and cloudy conditions . Given Nepal 's geographical terrain we can not use surface transport much but we are using it , " said Sagar Mani Parajuli , the Joint Secretary for Nepal 's Home Ministry . The situation has deteriorated to the point where relief workers are as good as stranded . Pirtha Raj Joshi , a disaster management officer for Nepal Red Cross , had to walk 10 hours to reach a office in one of the severely affected districts , said Chapagain . Initial reports from the IFRC say that over 36,000 houses have been totally destroyed , with the number expected to rise as teams arriving in severely affected areas continue to assess damages . Just two days after the earthquake struck , Nepalese authorities leading the response are still trying to fully understand which areas have been affected , how they are affected and what the priorities are . "  Typically what we see , also in other emergencies , is that it takes a few days for supply lines , distribution lines to stabilize , " UNDAC 's Werne told CNN . "  Right now we 're working with a lot of secondary data , and working on some of the key vulnerable areas identified prior to the earthquake , " he added . The operation to get aid to survivors in Nepal is still "  very ad hoc " and it will be a few days before the distribution becomes organized because the government is still constrained by the scale of the disaster , says Chapagain . CNN 's Manesh Shrestha in Kathmandu , and Bex Wright and Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong , contributed to this report .	Nepalese authorities struggle with trying to coordinate a massive influx of international aid Relief organizations say lots of aid supplies remain stuck in cargo aircraft on the tarmac Damaged roads and infrastructure have hampered distribution efforts and rescue teams trying to access remote areas
CNN  -- The investigation of a Vermont girl 's disappearance has led to charges against her stepfather in a separate case , authorities said Tuesday . The arrest of Ray Gagnon , 40 , is a "  byproduct " of the search for 12-year-old Brooke Bennett , said Col. James Baker , director of the Vermont State Police . Baker said Gagnon is suspected of sexually assaulting another child in 2007 . He would not provide details . Federal agents are preparing to also charge Gagnon , of San Antonio , with obstruction of justice for destroying evidence in the Brooke Bennett investigation , FBI Special Agent John Pikus said . Watch authorities report progress in the search " Gagnon "  has family members in this area , and he has been in Vermont on a regular basis , " Baker said . Brooke disappeared Wednesday , after visiting a convenience store in Randolph , Vermont , investigators said . Watch CNN 's Nancy Grace speak to the missing girl 's father " A few days later , police said they found articles of clothing that they believe belonged to her . She was communicating with someone on a social-networking Web site before she disappeared , said investigators , who have been examining a computer she used . "  This case is about social networking on the Internet , " Baker said . "  We 're using every resource we can to tighten this up so we can find Brooke and bring her home . " Police said Gagnon 's arrest stemmed from the investigation of the missing girl 's uncle , Michael Jacques , 42 , who has been charged for his alleged role in a sex ring known as "  Breckenridge , " CNN affiliate WPTZ reported . The charge against Jacques , a registered sex offender in Vermont , does not involve his niece . Jacques ' alleged victim told police that her first contact with "  Breckenridge " occurred when she found a note under her pillow saying that she had been chosen to participate in a "  program for sex , " according to an affidavit cited by WPTZ . The affidavit says she met three men from the program , including Jacques , who was supposed to be her "  trainer . " The alleged victim said she met three girls who were also in the program , " WPTZ reported . Authorities began focusing on Jacques based on information they gleaned through computer forensics , Baker said , though he refused to comment on the family dynamics between Brooke and her uncle .	Ray Gagnon , 40 , arrested on allegations of sexually assaulting another child Gagnon also faces charges of destroying evidence in Brooke Bennett disappearance Brooke was last seen Wednesday at a convenience store in Randolph , Vermont Gagnon 's arrest follows sex assault charges for Brooke 's uncle in unrelated case
CNN  -- Did you know that there exists an all-natural remedy for memory loss ? Weight gain ? Macular degeneration ? Prostate enlargement ? These products are so successful that clinical testing has already begun ! Just listen to the following testimonial from an unidentified person ... As these ads blare at you from your favorite AM radio station , perhaps you wonder : How can this be legal ? Since the late 1960s , aspirin makers have been trying to win the right to tell the public that a daily low-dose tablet can help prevent heart disease . They have been told no , and no , and no again . Federal regulators are so nervous about over-selling aspirin 's benefits that they have restricted statements about aspirin to the most bland and basic . Yet while the statements about aspirin have to be cushioned in the vaguest generalities , snake oil flim-flam can be huckstered in the most truth-defying way , thanks to a 1994 law coaxed through Congress by the people who make these drugs . The law bears the long title of the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 . It was sponsored in House of Representatives by Rep. Dan Burton , R-Indiana , and in the Senate by Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , and Dick Durbin , D-Illinois . The DSHEA law draws a line between synthesized medicines like aspirin and remedies made from herbs , minerals , vitamins and amino acids . This latter group was recategorized as "  dietary supplements " -- that is , as foods rather than drugs . "  Drugs " are subjected to exacting scientific trial to prove them both safe and also effective . Sellers of dietary supplements are not required to prove that their remedies work . They are not even required to prove them safe -- as "  foods " they are presumed safe unless shown otherwise . "  Drugs " must disclose any risk of side effect .  That 's why those erectile dysfunction ads terrify TV audiences with their references to four-hour erections . Dietary supplements bear no such burden -- which is why St. John 's wort can be sold as an anti-depressant , without any mention of the disturbing indications that the herb weakens the effectiveness of birth control pills . "  Drug " advertising must be pre-approved by the Food and Drug Administration , which minutely reviews the ads ' accuracy . Dietary supplement advertising is regulated by the Federal Trade Commission . So long as supplements avoid promises to cure a specific disease , their sellers can say pretty much whatever they want , provided only that they have some kind of supporting evidence on file . That evidence does not have to meet any kind of scientific test : pretty much any pattern of ink on paper will do the job . I can not say , "  My rosemary-sage-thyme-and-oregano tablets cure AIDS . " But if I pay my cousin $ 100 to do a few experiments , I can claim , "  My tablets boost the immune system -- and clinical trials are under way ! " There is an exception to the permissive rules about advertising natural products : wine . There is substantial evidence that a glass of red wine a day reduces the risk of heart attack . The laws of most states forbid any hint or suggestion that moderate alcohol use might confer health benefits . Still , if you ask the scientists , wine has better grounds to call itself a health food than does , say , echinacea ! Fifteen years after receiving the favor of Congress , dietary supplements have grown into a $ 24 billion a year industry . Most of the products sold by the industry are merely useless . For those who eat a balanced diet , scientists have found no quantifiable benefit from taking multivitamins . On the other hand , multivitamins probably wo n't do any harm . It would be better to give the $ 10 you spend on a jar of pills to the Salvation Army , but at least you are not poisoning yourself . The same could not be said , alas , for the unfortunate customers of a Belgian herbal dispensary who bought a supplement that contained the herb Aristolochia fangi . The A. fangi herb is rich in aristolochic acid , a carcinogen -- and users experienced an outbreak of urinary tract cancers . A. Fangi has since been banned in the European Union . It remains legal in the United States . As outrages go , Congress ' special favor to the herbal supplement industry might seem relatively small stuff : a splash in the torrent of the $ 2 trillion per year that Americans spend on health and wellness . And yet in the midst of a great national debate over health care , this small outrage has some serious implications . Advocates for the herbal supplement industry justify their special sweet deal by championing the right of consumers to make their own "  health choices . " Individual choice certainly sounds like the American way . But the fact is that most of us are not well positioned to make intelligent health choices . If we try to play our own doctor , we are going to expose our health -- and our money -- to risk and exploitation . As individuals , we have trouble distinguishing between anecdotes : "  My neighbor took zinc for her cold and she said it really helped , " and data : Most colds last four days , so you could smoke yak-dung cigarettes on day three and feel better on day four . We are poor balancers of risk : Look at the rising number of Americans who resist taking vaccines because of astronomically remote chances that something might go wrong . We are vulnerable to placebos : "  Hey -- I took the 30-day free sample and I feel sure my vision did improve ! " We are swayed by prejudice and ideology : The film-maker Spike Lee wrote in Rolling Stone in 1992 : "  I 'm convinced AIDS is a government-engineered disease . " The reason we should defer to experts is not that the experts know everything . Of course they do n't . It 's just that they know more than non-experts do . It 's not that science has all the answers . It does n't . It 's just that astrologers , shamans , and natural healers have none of them . Americans spend over 50 percent more per person on their health than anyone else on earth . For all that extra money , Americans see very little benefit . Americans rank 42nd on earth in life expectancy , 29th in infant mortality . Improving and rationalizing this costly and dysfunctional system is a gigantic , maybe impossible , task . But one small reform could strike a meaningful blow for reason and cost-effectiveness : Apply the rules governing the advertising of aspirin to the advertising of oregano tablets . Repeal the DSHEA law and give the Food and Drug Administration full authority over every manufactured substance that purports to promote health or relieve illness . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Consumers get constant pitches for herbal supplements as remedies David Frum says a 1994 law exempted supplements from scientific review He says people who try to be their own doctor take on unnecessary risk Frum : Government should regulate supplements as it does drugs
CNN  A trip to a former heavyweight champ 's gaudy , abandoned mansion . The tallest and fastest "  giga-coaster " in the world . A dramatic interview with a famed spiritual leader -- and the tearful reaction by one of his former students . These are some of the best videos of the week : In the 1980s and '90s -- before he moved to Vegas and started keeping tigers as pets -- former heavyweight boxer Mike Tyson lived in a Southington , Ohio , mansion . The home featured an indoor swimming pool , a marble-and-gold Jacuzzi  with mirrored ceiling , naturally  and an entertainment room large enough for small concerts . Tyson sold the house in 1999 ; it 's due to become , of all things , a church . The video can be seen at the top of this story . Not a fan of roller coasters ? You may want to skip the next video -- but for the rest of us , the thrill of watching is the next best thing to being there . The Fury 325 can be found at Carowinds amusement part in Charlotte , North Carolina . Watch the video : In a CNN exclusive , Alisyn Camerota looked into allegations that Bikram yoga creator Bikram Choudhury sexually assaulted six former students . "  He 's a person who 's based a lot of truths on a lot of lies , " said Sarah Baughn , who alleges that Choudhury sexually assaulted her . Watch the video : CNN 's Karl Penhaul spoke to a shepherd who witnessed the final seconds of Germanwings Flight 9525 , which crashed in the French Alps last week . "  I saw the plane heading down along the valley and I said , ` My God , it 's going to hit the mountain , ' " Jean Varrieras told Penhaul . "  I ducked my head . ... Then after that , I saw the smoke . " Watch the video : Magician and comedian Penn Jillette was part of a panel speaking to CNN 's Don Lemon about the controversial Indiana religious freedom law . Jillette , an avowed atheist and libertarian , noted "  we are not talking about forcing people to engage in gay sex , or even endorse gay sex . " His provocative opening led to an energetic back-and-forth with the Alliance Defending Freedom 's Kristen Waggoner and the ACLU 's Rita Sklar . Watch the video : A professor of physics at a British university asked 100 people to create a composite with facial features they thought were beautiful -- and then asked another 100 to rate their attractiveness . You 'll never guess what celebrities best fit the model . Watch the video :	Here are six of CNN 's best videos of the week Clips include a look at Mike Tyson 's abandoned mansion
CNN  -- Not too long ago , the African stage belonged to Moammar Gadhafi . In flowing robes and wraparound sunglasses , he crisscrossed the continent in flashy caravans as throngs of supporters waved and cheered from the roadsides . Fellow African leaders bestowed upon him endearing nicknames : "  brother leader , " "  king of kings of Africa . " And Libya was among the African Union 's largest contributors , paying dues for some of the 54 member nations . But Gadhafi 's regime now sits in ruins , leaving sub-Saharan Africa without a major investor who disbursed billions of dollars for roads , mosques and luxury hotels . "  He was known for handing out large sums of cash . Wherever he thinks he can buy friendship , he hands out large sums of cash , " said Richard Dowden , executive director of the Royal African Society , a London-based group that aims to foster a better understanding of the continent . "  His investments bought him loyalty . It 's a very African thing to do : ` He helped us , so let 's help him ' " In Niger , which has given refuge to his son , Saadi Gadhafi , the ousted leader 's influence is evident . A gleaming mosque built by the Libyan government in the 1970s stands tall in the capital of Niamey . Thousands attend prayers at the mosque -- a valuable gift to the poor Muslim country where crowds pack into limited worship spaces . Next door in Mali , Gadhafi funded the construction of a popular mosque in the capital Bamako , and helped pay for a Malian government complex that 's under construction . Gadhafi also poured money into neighboring Chad and Burkina Faso as well . Such investments sealed Gadhafi 's clout in sub-Saharan Africa . It came as no surprise that some leaders were initially reluctant to endorse the new Libyan interim government , analysts say . "  Whoever ... builds infrastructure , provides cheap products for markets and loans to support government initiatives will always have an influence over Africa affairs , " said Ayo Johnson , director of Viewpoint Africa , an organization that sells content about Africa to media outlets internationally . Another reason many in the continent backed Gadhafi was self-preservation , analysts say . "  Some African leaders think that if they do n't support Gadhafi now , next time round it could be them and who will take them in ? " Johnson said . "  This move guarantees some protection should there be an uprising in their countries ... they can count on each other . " For their part , some continent leaders say they did not rush to recognize the new Libyan leadership because the international community overstepped its boundaries . South African President Jacob Zuma , who joined the African Union in recognizing the new leadership last month , said NATO 's military intervention in Libya undermined efforts by the pan-African body to find peaceful solutions for member states . In Africa , Gadhafi 's influence extended beyond his generosity . His ideas and eccentricity were also a big draw , analysts say . During his term as chairman of the African Union in 2009 , he renewed his calls for a "  United States of Africa " that would use a single passport , a single military and a single currency . He had proposed a similar concept for Arab unity , but was rebuffed . "  The Arab world did not like him , and he had no choice because they were not as easy to push around , " said Abdul Raufu Mustapha , a professor of African politics at Oxford University . "  He turned to sub-Saharan Africa ... They had a lot of struggling nations " So , while some sub-Saharan African leaders considered Gadhafi 's vision of a unified Africa unrealistic , they nevertheless hailed it as one advocating pan-African cooperation . "  He sang the liberation song very well , and a lot of people connected with that because that still strikes a chord , " Dowden said . Also propelling Gadhafi 's popularity in the region : his anti-Western tirades . "  Both Gadhafi and Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe dare to stand up against the West ... they are seen as Africa bad boys and wear their medals with pride , " Johnson said . "  He who stands up and shouts the most is usually revered . " Johnson described Gadhafi as "  the rogue school bully " who , despite the fact that his actions may not be condoned , commands respect for challenging the status quo . And there were plenty of Gadhafi investments that were condemnable , analysts say . His support of brutal dictators , such as former strongman Charles Taylor of Liberia , helped intensify the bloodshed in the region , Dowden said . Taylor , who led Liberia from 1997 to 2003 , is accused of fueling a bloody civil war in his nation and neighboring Sierra Leone that led to widespread murder , rape and mutilation . Gadhafi is also accused of helping arm Arab militias in Sudan 's violence-wracked Darfur region . And he backed rebel groups in several countries including the Tuaregs in Mali and Niger , who were responsible for violence in the 1990s . The new Libyan government has said it believes the Tuareg tribe is currently protecting the fallen leader . "  Gadhafi supported a lot of West African revolutions that led to a lot of bloodshed and civil wars , " Dowden said . "  He funded and helped create those revolutions . " During Libya 's civil war , the gambit paid off . As rebel forces advanced , seizing town after town , Gadhafi called in fighters from non-Arab nations for backup , analysts say . Some fighters are from countries "  beholden to him " and those fleeing the grinding poverty in their homelands , Mustapha said . On the other hand , Gadhafi also financially supported the African National Congress in its fight to end apartheid in South Africa , according to Dowden . "  Even while he was funding rebels , he was also funding liberation movements . We can not take that from him , " Dowden said . This dichotomy makes Gadhafi 's legacy in the continent a tricky one , analysts say . "  Whoever writes the final chapter will have a difficult balancing act with a man who has a complex schizophrenic relationship with the world , " Johnson said . "  Love him or hate him . Madman or god ? " So what awaits Africa now that Gadhafi is no longer in power ? "  There are two big elephants in the room , " said Robert Taiwo , director of Whitespace Advisory , a global firm that works with companies looking to invest in Africa . Will Gadhafi 's absence lead to gaps in infrastructure investment in some of the countries ? And if so , how will those countries cope ? "  According to the World Bank , the infrastructure funding gap in Africa is approximately $ 31 billion per year . It also appears that Gadhafi has invested in some of the poorest and most fragile regions in Africa , " Taiwo said . In the long run , the international community may have to step in to fill the gaps , he said . But for now , the ripple effects are already reverberating . In Niger , long a recipient of Gadhafi 's largesse , a road funded by the ousted leader lies unfinished . CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report from Niamey , Niger	Some African leaders bestowed endearing nicknames on him They included "  Brother leader " and "  King of kings of Africa " The toppled ruler was among the largest contributors to the African Union He disbursed billions of dollars for mosques , roads and luxury hotels in the continent
London  CNN  -- The case of three women allegedly held captive for more than 30 years in London is one of brainwashing and emotional abuse , London 's Metropolitan Police said Friday . Police announced Thursday they had arrested a couple on suspicion of being involved in forced labor and domestic servitude after authorities took a Malaysian woman , 69 , Irish woman , 57 , and 30-year-old Briton to safety from a property in Lambeth , south London . However , police told CNN on Friday that while the man and woman were arrested under the slavery , servitude and forced or compulsory labor section of the Coroners and Justice Act of 2009 , that law did not necessarily describe the alleged crime . "  It is not as brutally obvious as women being physically restrained inside an address and not allowed to leave . What  Detective Inspector Kevin Hyland  and his team are trying to understand is what were the invisible handcuffs that were used to exert such a degree of control over these women , " Commander Steve Rodhouse said . "  Trying to label this investigation as domestic servitude or forced labor is far too simple . What we have uncovered so far is a complicated and disturbing picture of emotional control over many years . Brainwashing would be the most simplest term , yet that belittles the years of emotional abuse these victims have had to endure . " Rodhouse said the investigation has uncovered "  something that is , so far , unique to us and does not compare to any previous investigations we have carried out . " Hyland said there were "  clear allegations of slavery , " but officers were still establishing the details of the "  complex and complicated " case and could not jump to conclusions . Coercion , violence allegations "  Clearly the allegations are that people were being controlled , subject of coercion , violence . And as you 're aware , the case goes back three decades -- so there 's a lot for us to untangle , " Hyland said . He said the women were subjected to physical abuse like beatings , as well as psychological pressure : "  We are trying to figure out the nature of those invisible handcuffs . " Police have not released the names of the man and woman -- both 67 -- alleged to have held the women captive but say they are not British nationals . They revealed Friday that the two suspects were arrested in the 1970s but would not say why or whether they have a criminal record . The couple have since been released on bail , but have not returned to the Lambeth property at the center of the allegations , police said . "  They have also been arrested on suspicion of immigration offenses , and we are working closely with the Home Office Immigration Enforcement , " Hyland said British lawmaker Tessa Jowell said Friday that the house is in her constituency . She represents the south London neighborhoods of Dulwich and West Norwood . CNN 's Atika Shubert said police had told her that the group of people involved had presented themselves as a normal family , but officers would not detail how they were related . "  I 'm both looking at the relationships -- as in biological -- and I 'm also looking at relationships -- how they interacted , " Hyland said . He said police did not believe the victims had been trafficked into the UK . Earlier , police said the 30-year-old alleged victim "  appears to have been in servitude for her entire life . " They said she and the two other women were "  highly traumatized " and being cared for in a place of safety . Police said Freedom Charity alerted them to the suspects in October after receiving a phone call from one of the victims . "  The woman found the courage to contact the charity after seeing a documentary on television we are informed was aired by the BBC , " they said in a statement . ` Controlled freedom ' With the "  help of sensitive negotiations " by the charity , police met with the Irish and British women on October 25 . The women identified the place where they said they had been held , allowing police to rescue the 69-year-old Malaysian woman and take all three to safety , Metropolitan Police said . "  We believe that the women had some controlled freedom , but at this stage we are still trying to find out to what extent and what form this took . The relationship between the women is part of an ongoing investigation , and we are not willing to speculate , " police said . Hyland said it was an unprecedented case for the Met 's Human Trafficking Unit . "  We 've seen some cases where people have been held for up to 10 years , but we 've never seen anything of this magnitude before , " he said . "  Our unit deals with many cases every year but has never unearthed such a staggering example of people held against their will for their whole lifetime . " He said authorities are in the early stages of a "  complicated and sensitive " investigation . "  These women are highly traumatized , having been held in servitude for at least 30 years with no real exposure to the outside world , and trying to find out exactly what has happened over three decades will understandably take some time . " Sensitivity and secrecy Police said they had seen no evidence "  to suggest anything of a sexual nature , " but the investigation is ongoing . Freedom Charity spokeswoman Aneeta Prem said the organization took "  immediate action " to plan a rescue after learning of the women 's situation . "  Facilitating their escape was achieved using utmost sensitivity and secrecy and with the safety of the women as our primary concern , " she said , describing the work of those involved as "  outstanding . " A television documentary on forced marriages relating to the work of Freedom Charity prompted the call for help . "  They 'd seen me on various news channels talking about forced marriage and dishonor violence , and they said I had a face they trusted , so they called our 24-hour helpline , " Prem told CNN . She said the process was "  very difficult " and charity CEO Vineeta Thornhill was personally involved in the negotiations "  Throughout the process until they were rescued -- so it was over a week of speaking to them -- she gained their trust and confidence , and they believed that when they came out , they would be taken to safety , they would be looked after , " Prem said . "  These ladies have spent 30 years in captivity as slaves and have come out with absolutely nothing at all , " she said . "  The road to freedom is n't going to be an easy one . " ` Harrowing ' Thornhill told CNN she believed the youngest woman was born in captivity . The 30-year-old is not related to the other two victims , but police are investigating whether she is related to the couple who were arrested , she said . Prem said she has seen the women on a number of occasions since their rescue . "  They 're doing remarkably well considering how harrowing it 's been for them . " Read more : I 'm a modern-day slave in America She said such cases could occur in a city the size of London , where she said people often did n't know their neighbors . "  We all need to look out for neighbors and say ` is everybody absolutely safe . ' And I think this is the tip of the iceberg . I think 30 years is going to be the exception for people being held , but I 'm sure this ca n't be the only case , " she said . Read more : Slavery 's last stronghold Freedom Project : Ending slavery CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Police say the captives were brainwashed , emotionally abused A couple is alleged to have held three women captive in London for more than 30 years One of the alleged captives contacted a charity , which worked with police on a rescue Police arrested the pair Thursday but released them on bail Friday , until a date in January
When police caught up with alleged killer Eddie Ray Routh last weekend , the 25-year-old ex-Marine was crying , shirtless , shoeless and smelling of alcohol . "  I 'm hurting , " he told them . Not long before , at a Texas shooting range , police say , Routh had gunned down Chris Kyle , the Navy SEAL who called himself America 's deadliest military sniper . As he sits in a Texas jail cell , details about Routh 's psychological make-up have surfaced , including claims that he suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder , a condition that affects a number of current and former members of the U.S. military . Of course , combat duty does n't automatically lead to PTSD . And it 's not even clear that Routh served in a combat zone during his four years in the Marines . Nonetheless , Kyle 's tragic death and Routh 's story are shining light on those who suffer from PTSD and the circumstances that surround it . Here are five things to know about PTSD : What is it ? Anyone who has experienced a life-threatening situation can develop PTSD , according to Dr. Stephen J. Cozza , a professor of psychiatry at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences . A sufferer typically re-experiences the trauma through flashbacks and nightmares , experiences that can seem as real as the actual trauma . The person often feels intensely that the trauma could happen again at any time . How common is it for someone to be diagnosed with PTSD ? While many people will have extremely distressing or threatening experiences in their lifetimes , only a small percentage will experience PTSD , experts say . In the general population about 7 % of people experience PTSD , and there is a 60 % chance of at-risk individuals -- combat veterans , victims of natural disasters or victims of violent crime -- experiencing PTSD , experts estimate . Thirty percent of service members who have fought in Iraq or Afghanistan have been diagnosed with PTSD , according to a Department of Veterans Affairs study released last year . "  We need to remember that while substantial numbers of vets have mental health conditions , " Cozza said , the majority do not . "  We do n't want to stigmatize our vets , because many of them are not ill , " he said . "  As an organization and as a community , the military has varying levels of health and risk . There are more services for mental health care in the military than there has ever been before . " How virtual reality can combat veterans ' PTSD Could PTSD lead someone to act violently ? There 's no way to answer that definitively , experts say . But new research is being conducted . Iraq and Afghanistan veterans who struggle with anger are twice as likely as other vets to be arrested for crimes , according to the Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology , which published a study last year . The study , conducted by the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill School of Medicine , examined 1,388 combat veterans . Researchers found that about 23 % of those with PTSD and high irritability had been arrested for criminal offenses . But researchers also found that other factors unrelated to military service -- including growing up around violence or drug abuse -- were factors behind why some vets committed crimes . Is there a way to treat PTSD that reduces the chances that a sufferer will act out ? Exposure therapy often helps the person with PTSD revisit or re-experience their trauma as a means of lessening the effect the memory has on them , said Dr. Albert "  Skip " Rizzo , a psychiatrist who works with the military and has pioneered use of virtual reality for treating PTSD . Rizzo , who is with the Institute for Creative Technologies at the University of Southern California . This kind of therapy has been around for years . Typically a therapist would ask someone to imagine they are experiencing their trauma again . This would happen repeatedly , and ideally , with each retelling of what happened , the event would seem gradually less threatening . Recently Rizzo and other experts have employed virtual reality for this purpose . Patients wear goggles and describe their experiences while a technician stands by with a console changing the scene to fit the patient 's description . If the patient recalls hearing a young boy 's voice , the technician makes that happen . If the patient experienced the trauma at night or in the daytime , or perhaps was involved in an IED explosion , those circumstances will be created in the virtual world . "  We can begin to pace the exposure in a very evocative fashion , " Rizzo said . "  This works because some people do n't engage in the trauma memory at a sufficient level . They do n't engage fully with their imagination to confront difficult memories . " Treating PTSD with Ecstasy : One story Could a gun range be a form of exposure therapy ? Absolutely not , Rizzo said . "  What happened this weekend with the death of former Navy Seal sniper Chris Kyle at a gun range is exactly the opposite of the evidence-based approach to treating PTSD , " termed ` prolonged exposure ' or ` virtual reality exposure ' therapy , he said . "  Chris Kyle , while well trained in his field , had no clinical training in conducting therapeutic exposure . " It is never advisable to put someone with PTSD in an environment where there is likely to be uncontrolled exposure to provocative events -- such as gunfire and visuals of people shooting guns -- because this could stoke a flashback in the PTSD sufferer . "  This would especially not be recommended in a situation where that person had a gun in his/her hand or at least quick access to one . That would truly be a questionable activity , and in this case , it was a deadly one , " Rizzo wrote in an e-mail forum to journalists who were asking him about the Kyle case . Conducting exposure therapy requires a well-trained expert clinician in a very controlled therapeutic setting , Rizzo said . "  That is very different than what one could ever reasonably expect in the atmosphere of a shooting range , " he said .	PTSD is marked by hyper-vigilance , a fear that a trauma will occur again Rates of PTSD among the general population are low Virtual reality is being used to treat PTSD sufferers
CNN  Watching from the observers ' gallery last week , I could see Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim moving from hope , to exasperation and then finally to anger as the country 's highest court dismissed his defense team 's arguments against his sodomy conviction . After his appeal was denied on all counts , the sentencing hearing started -- and Anwar took the gloves off , declaring the incident was a "  complete fabrication " and a "  political conspiracy " and attacking the five Federal Court judges for becoming "  partners in the crime for the murder of judicial independence and integrity . " The judges were n't having any of that , and abruptly stood up and walked out of the courtroom to deliberate in chambers on Anwar 's fate , leaving a stunned courtroom behind them . Anwar now faces five years in prison to contemplate the question that is on the minds of many Malaysians , which is how could a government get away with prosecuting a former deputy prime minister and the head of the opposition not once , but twice , for violating an archaic British colonial law against sodomy that has been invoked a total of only seven times since 1938 ? Has the Malaysian government so clearly lost the plot that even outside observers would recognize that the trial was blatantly political from day one ? Within minutes of the verdict being issued , the Malaysian government issued a polished statement proclaiming the country 's "  judicial independence " and demanding "  all parties involved to respect the legal process and the judgment . " In case anyone did n't get the memo , there is the rapidly growing crackdown on dissent and free speech in Malaysia led by the top police officer -- who patrols the Twittersphere like a shark in open water and tweets orders to the police to arrest lawyers , activists and politicians using the country 's draconian Sedition Act . A tweet by the cartoonist Zunar referencing "  lackeys in black robes " has already landed him in court . This is supposed to be a big year for Malaysia , serving as chair of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  when the ASEAN Economic Community is to become a reality , and holding a seat at the UN Security Council . Malaysia is also a key partner in the US-driven Trans-Pacific Partnership  TPP  trade proposal that has gone to the top of the Obama legislative agenda , and it was Prime Minister Najib Razak who President Obama invited for a round of golf in Hawaii during the president 's Christmas holiday . Whether the political persecution of Anwar was raised on the course has yet to come out . But there is huge gap between Malaysia 's international engagements as a so-called "  moderate " Muslim-majority nation and its domestic repression of opponents that sadly does n't usually garner much attention -- except in instances when Malaysia imprisons a figure like Anwar who is widely respected and known internationally . So few people know Najib 's government has been on a tear against his opponents since the 2013 elections , during which the ruling Barisan Nasional coalition lost the majority vote to the Anwar-lead Pakatan Rakyat coalition but maintained power because of gerrymandered election districts for parliamentary seats . Since then the government has been wielding the Sedition Act like a hammer , using its undefined terminology barring "  any seditious words " or "  seditious tendency " that would "  bring into hatred or contempt or excite disaffection against any Ruler or against any Government . " In the past two years , more than a dozen senior politicians and activists have been dragged into court for saying or tweeting things the government did n't like , and a number have fled overseas to seek asylum -- and the list is going to keep growing . Najib affirmed at the 2014 congress of the United Malays National Organization  UMNO  party that he leads that he 's planning to strengthen the Sedition Act further when the Parliament reconvenes in March . Crackdowns on peaceful assemblies , restrictions on the media , censorship of books and films , and targeting of ethnic and religious minorities are also on the rise in Najib 's Malaysia . Shaffee Abdullah , the same UMNO lawyer brought into as a special prosecutor in Anwar 's case also serves as Malaysia 's representative to the regional human rights body , the ASEAN Inter-governmental Commission on Human Rights  AICHR  , and asserts how he has prevented any discussions of LGBT rights there . Malaysia is brewing a heady concoction of authoritarianism and intolerance that should be setting off alarm bells in world capitals like Washington , London , Berlin , and Brussels . Anwar 's conviction last week may be a new low for the Malaysia government 's rights record , but it should not be seen in isolation from the growing intolerance for civil and political rights emanating from Putrajaya . The wider international community -- be it Malaysia 's allies , foreign business investors , and the United Nations -- should wake up and recognize that the Malaysian government is changing and not for the better . It 's time to support Malaysia 's human rights defenders , and recognize that if the world wants a democratic , rights-respecting Malaysia , it 's going to have to fight for it .	Opposition leader loses appeal against sodomy conviction , jailed for five years The government denies the case was political , saying the judiciary is independent HRW : Malaysia is brewing a heady concoction of authoritarianism and intolerance
CNN  -- There are plenty of ways to game the upcoming Supreme Court decision on health care reform , and they 've all been said : President Obama loses in court , he wins with his base . Or it 's a severe blow , potentially fatal . Or Republicans benefit if they win , because they were "  right " all along . Or the GOP loses , because it has to figure out what to offer for health care instead . And so it goes . But there 's something else going on here , and it 's more meaningful than some short-term political skirmishing . This Supreme Court case is the Waterloo for political polarization , because it underscores something we should have known all along : Great changes in national public policy should never be erected on slender partisan majorities . If they are , they will always be suspect . It 's a proposition advanced by the late Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan , who understood there 's little upside to partisan policymaking . After all , he was a member of the 1983 commission that reformed -- and saved -- Social Security for a generation . The program faced collapse ; a bipartisan group of heavy-hitters fixed it , together . No one liked all that the rescue plan contained . But the work had to be done and they did it . That kind of work is not something we see a lot of these days : health care reform , arguably the most far-reaching social legislation since Medicare , was passed strictly along party lines . Sure , the White House says -- with some justification -- that Republicans were n't interested in their plan . But would the GOP have bitten on a more scaled-back version ? Would some in the GOP have broken ranks over , say , requiring insurance companies to cover pre-existing conditions so long as it would n't bankrupt them ? Sure . But that was n't to be . The Democrats had a two-house majority , so the stars were aligned . And with recalcitrant Republicans vocal in their opposition , the Democrats , too , became more strident . So reform was an all-Democratic bill , a sure way to be challenged before the high court . And no one looks good : the president , who Monday seemed to be warning the court about "  judicial activism " in advance of any decision ; the court , which about half of the public now believes is political anyway ; and Congress , which has an approval rating so low it 's hard to even find . That 's what happens when Washington 's default setting is always along party lines . And it 's not going to get any better . As congressional districts are redrawn to benefit partisans , those elected become -- naturally -- more partisan . So there is no political benefit to compromise , and as conservative southern Democrats virtually disappear , there are no natural allies left in the Democratic party for vote-hunting GOPers . The same goes for Democrats in search of moderate Republicans , most of whom are either quitting Congress out of frustration  see : Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine  or are fighting for their political lives  see : Sen. Dick Lugar of Indiana  . Imagine today 's Congress passing , by bipartisan majorities , legislation on two controversial issues : taxes and immigration reform . Impossible , right ? Well , it was done in the mid-1980 's . The tax measure lowered rates and eliminated some loopholes  many , alas , have crept back into the code , but that 's another story .  And the immigration bill legalized certain illegal immigrants while punishing employers for hiring illegal immigrants .  And of course we are back at that issue again  . So while the measures were far from permanent or perfect solutions , they were big fixes . Sure , Democrats controlled the House and Republicans maintained control of the Senate and President Ronald Reagan , a Republican , was in his second term , finding a way to cut deals with members of both parties . Oh , and by the way , the chairmen of the tax-writing committee -- a House Democrat and a Senate Republican -- actually worked together to get something through the Congress . Ditto for those writing the immigration legislation . I know . I watched them in action . Believe me , it was nothing like watching the debt-ceiling debacle of last summer . Even when there was one small glimmer of hope that the White House and GOP House Speaker John Boehner might work something out , it disappeared . And almost one year later , each side is trying to get history to blame the other fellow for the failure to strike a deal . It 's too bad , really . Because in the end , history will blame both sides -- for looking small when most of the country thinks our problems deserve solutions that are really big . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger says the Supreme Court health care case is a symptom of what ails us One of the most important laws in decades was passed on purely partisan vote , she says Now the court may deliver a verdict on the law along partisan lines , Borger says Borger : America wants Congress to step up and address big problems effectively
London  CNN  -- It 's not just the athletes going for gold in the 2012 London Olympics -- it appears that some of the torch bearers may be trying to cash in on the role of carrying the flame . In the few days since the Olympic flame arrived in Britain several adverts for what are claimed to be genuine Olympic torches have appeared on the online auction site eBay , some with eye-watering price tags . Six torches have sold for more than # 100,000  $ 158,000  on eBay , although it 's not known whether money actually changed hands at the end of the auction . One bidder asks if a torch is authentic , and the seller , who lives in Burnham-on-Sea , England , responds : "  Running at 1638 on Monday . It will be dispatched within my handling time . Absolutely authentic , I would n't risk my eBay rating on selling a fake . " After a frenzy of up to 163 bids , the "  soot-marked torch " sold for # 153,000  $ 241,000  . London Olympics organizers say they can not be used again as the burner system is disabled after each runner finishes a section . Some sellers say they will donate a percentage of the sale price to charity , with one offering to give 10 % to Save the Children . Each of the torches used in the 70-day relay up to the opening ceremony on 27 July has been offered in advance to the runner at a discounted price of just under # 199  $ 314  ... or # 215  $ 339  if they bought it on the day . Organizers say the money helps to cover the production costs of # 594  $ 937  for each of the perforated , aluminum alloy torches . A spokeswoman for the 2012 games said : "  The torches are the torch bearers ' to do what they want with them -- we hope they find a good home . " London Olympic Games organizers are not responsible for the distinctive torches once the runners take ownership , but the spokeswoman urged potential online bidders to be cautious . She advised anyone considering making a bid to check the seller 's identity and then visit the official London 2012 Olympics website which carries a full list of torch bearers . Large crowds have been turning out each day to watch the procession of the Olympic flame through the UK and some have gained a glimpse of a celebrity -- English soccer star and Los Angeles Galaxy player , David Beckham , lit the first torch on its arrival in the UK . And American rapper and Black Eyed Peas star Will.i.am took a turn carrying the flame on Monday . Organizers say there will be a series of high-profile bearers throughout the relay but are staying tight-lipped about exactly who they are . Apart from celebrities and athletes , most of the runners were chosen in recognition for a contribution to their community or personal achievement and followed a nomination process . The journey began when the flame was lit from the sun 's rays at the Temple of Hera in Olympia , Greece . The flame will feature at the opening ceremony when the final torch bearer lights the cauldron inside London 's Olympic Stadium . In the interim , it will be carried 8,000 miles across the UK by 8,000 runners and using a route that organizers say will be within 10 miles of 95 % of the population . Five days into the relay , crowds are still turning out in force across the south west of England . "  I think it 's fantastic there 's been so much enthusiasm running through each community , " said the London Olympics spokeswoman . "  I think it 's a very British thing to do -- to get behind something in your community . "	Adverts for what are claimed to be genuine Olympic torches have appeared on eBay One "  soot-marked torch " sold for # 153,000  $ 241,000 Anyone considering a bid is urged to check whether the seller has run on the relay The flame will be carried 8,000 miles across the UK by 8,000 runners
PADANG , Indonesia  CNN  -- As many as 4,000 people could be buried under the rubble in the aftermath of the devastating earthquakes in Indonesia , United Nations officials said Saturday . Indonesian soldiers crawl under the rubble of a collapsed building to search for victims . Local disaster management officials put the death toll from the quakes at 540 . Earlier U.N. figures that put the death toll at 1,100 were just estimates , said El-Mostafa Benlamlih , a U.N. humanitarian coordinator . A 7.6-magnitude quake struck Sumatra on Wednesday and a 6.6-magnitude earthquake hit Thursday morning in the same region . Wednesday 's quake reduced buildings to rubble in the city . People used hammers , chisels and bare hands to dig through debris for survivors and belongings . Watch CNN 's Arwa Damon report on search-and-rescue efforts " Staff at a local hospital treated the injured outside the semi-collapsed building as bodies of the dead lay in makeshift morgues . An area that now looks like a flattened mess of destruction was , just days ago , a group of three villages . Officials believe 90 percent of the residents -- as many as a few hundred people -- were buried , just one piece of the devastation from two large earthquakes that struck Indonesia in as many days . The stench of dead bodies fills the air . Indonesia 's health ministry and ministry of social affairs said Friday they believe thousands remain buried beneath rubble . The West Sumatran capital , Padang , with about a million residents , is near the epicenter . CNN 's Arwa Damon spoke with a few dozen survivors from these villages in the area , most of whom only made it through because they were n't home during the quake . They remained huddled together in a tent , in shock over what had happened . One older woman said eight of her family members were buried . She had been buried up to her chest and had to dig herself out . Another survivor , a 27-year-old man , told CNN four of his family members were killed . His home used to be on top of a cliff in the area . Now , there is only mud . Search and rescue teams are working with the military , but so far , only 25 bodies have been recovered . With each passing day , the scope of the devastation grows . Watch aftermath at house leveled by quake " President Obama spoke with Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Friday after trying several times to reach him , the White House said . Obama received an update on the situation on the ground from Yudhoyono in the five-minute call . The White House statement says Obama "  offered , on behalf of the United States , to do everything we can to help alleviate the suffering and provide assistance to the relief operation . " The U.N. 's Holmes told reporters Thursday that hundreds are believed to be injured . "  These numbers , I fear , will rise as more information becomes available , " he added . Telecommunications are difficult in the region , roads are cut off , and the hardest-hit area , including Padang , lacks power and other services , Holmes said . In addition , heavy rainfall has hindered search and rescue efforts . Some have suggested the damage may be worse than that of a 6.3-magnitude quake centered in the central Java city of Yogyakarta in May 2006 , Holmes said . That temblor killed more than 5,000 people and triggered fears of an eruption from a nearby volcano . Many people wandered the streets of Padang stunned and dazed . Some searched the rubble for survivors . Staff at a local hospital treated the injured outside the semi-collapsed building as bodies of the dead lay in makeshift morgues . Several of the hospital 's buildings were severely damaged . Damage in the town itself was spotty ; some buildings remained intact near others in ruins . "  Aftershocks can be just as devastating as the initial quake , " said Adjie Fachrurrazi , emergency response coordinator in Indonesia for the CARE aid organization , in a statement . "  After an earthquake of this size , we know the immediate needs are going to be getting safe water , food and emergency supplies to the survivors . The question now is : How bad is it ? We 're hoping for the best , but the information so far is not looking good . " Amelia Merrick , the operations director for World Vision Indonesia , described the situation as "  quite devastating . " "  Bridges have gone down , phone lines are in total disrepair , " she said . "  It 's difficult for us to assess the situation . " Earlier this month , an earthquake in West Java killed 57 people . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Ben Adams near Padang , Indonesia ; Andy Saputra in Jakarta , Indonesia ; and Tricia Escobedo in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	United Nations fears 4,000 buried beneath rubble , current death toll 540 Rescue efforts hampered by heavy rain , power outages , impassable roads People use hammers , chisels , bare hands to dig through rubble for survivors
CNN  -- Joann Killeen is president of the Killeen Furtney Group , the Los Angeles , California-based public relations firm that represented octuplet mom Nadya Suleman . Nadya Suleman had her octuplets through fertility treatments . Suleman , who underwent fertility treatment , gave birth to six boys and two girls January 26 in Bellflower , California . She already had six children at home . The Killeen Furtney Group recently stopped representing Suleman because of death threats that came in to the firm 's office , Killeen said Monday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Following is an edited transcript of Killeen 's conversation with King : Larry King : When you did this show February 3 , you were representing her . Now you 're not . Why not ? Joann Killeen : Well , Larry , the number of death threats that came into our office , both by e-mail and voice mail , we had to make a decision about what was in the best interests of our own personal safety and that of our firm . So we met with the police department on Friday . We filed a criminal report . We provided them with all the information with all the threats . And they told us that we should take this very seriously . Watch Killeen describe receiving threats " King : Why you and not her ? Killeen : Well , they 've also threatened her . But the majority of the threats are coming to our office . I mean , Nadya does n't have an e-mail account . She does n't have a computer . So there 's no way to reach her . So the closest thing they can do is come after me . And they have -- and just in painful , painful ways . King : How would do you characterize the nature of the threats ? Killeen : Well , they 've said to me that I should be put down like an old dog , I should be paralyzed , my client 's uterus should be ripped out , she should be put on an island . I mean , Larry , I do n't know what 's happened with America , but they are really , really angry and letting me know what they think about this issue . King : Do you take special security precautions ? Killeen : Yes , I do . Yes , I do . We have extra patrols on our street . ... We 're very conscious . The police department has been absolutely wonderful to work with . They 've given me a special number to call if anybody stakes out my house , as they have before . I 've been followed by paparazzi . I 'm not a celebrity , so it 's a different position for me to be in . King : How did you inform Nadya that you were no longer . ... Killeen : Well , we talked on Friday . And she 's had death threats , and I 've had death threats . And she 's very upset that someone would come after us and come after her . I mean she says : "  I 'm just a mom . I do n't know why everybody is so upset . I 'm just a mom trying to do the best job that I possibly can . " Watch Killeen explain that no money has been made off the publicity " King : Why do you think people are so angry -- crazy enough , angry to threaten killing ? Killeen : Well , I think they are frustrated by a lot of things . When the news came out that Nadya was receiving some state disability from an injury and that she was trying to rehab and find a new career and go to school and she also had children at the same time , I think the taxpayers just absolutely flipped out and said , you know , we 're paying for this and we 're not getting our own fair share of government services . We pay a lot of taxes , the economy is bad , there 's no jobs . They 're angry . King : If you 're getting threats , what do you imagine she 's getting ? Killeen : Well , and I 've seen them , because , again , there 's no e - mail account . So they 're sending them to me . ... People will call my office and just say profanity on the phone . And with caller ID , I know exactly who they are . Others have sent handwritten notes to me with horrible words that I never would repeat on the air , Larry . And they even put their return address on them so -- as if I 'm going to return that call . King : What about the stories that she 's obsessed with Angelina Jolie -- even had work done on her face to look like her more ? Killeen : You know , I asked her about that . And she just laughed . She said remember , with the octuplets , I put on 100 pounds -- a hundred pounds of extra body weight for my babies . So of course things are going to look a little different than they did when I first started . King : She does look like her . Killeen : Well , I think hair and makeup , you could probably look like anybody you 'd want to look like . She has said to me she has not had plastic surgery of any kind . And so I have to believe what my client tells me to be factually correct . King : So the only reason you 're out of this is threats on you and the firm , not because of any qualms with her ? Killeen : Oh , no . Not at all . Larry , I just ca n't run my business and continue to do the things that I need to do for my clients with constant death threats and phone calls and interruptions . You know , I took on this account because I 'm a mom and a grandma , and I wanted to help someone who needs help with the media . I did this pro bono . I 've made no money . I have no intention of getting any money . And I think people need to realize I just did this out of the goodness of my heart to help a woman who did n't know how to work with the media . King : Does she keep in touch with the father ? Killeen : The sperm donor ? King : Yes . Killeen : They have a very limited relationship . He 's not active in their life at all . King : Why are we mad at her ? Killeen : That 's a good question to ask America . If you look at the e-mails that are coming into my office , they 're saying they think that she 's worked the system . They think that she 's been able to stay home and live off of the taxpayers and have these multiple children . She 's not organized . She does n't have any kind of structure , you know ; is n't six children enough ? She intentionally went out to get eight children . And , you know , remember , Larry , she worked with the same doctor for every -LSB- in vitro fertilization -RSB- attempt . Based on her history of six embryos implanted , she got one child . The doctor told her the most this last attempt would be would be either one baby or twins , at the most . So she was shocked , he was shocked . Nobody expected eight children . That 's the big -- big misnomer here . Everybody thinks she went and ordered eight and she got eight . She did n't . King : Where does she go from here ? Killeen : Well , I 'm confident , as we continue to talk , that there are resources that are available to her , and she will collaborate with , you know , church leaders in her area . And hopefully the American public can get beyond their anger about her choices and her decisions and think about those eight little kids , Larry . You know , it 's all about those kids . That 's the whole reason why I took on this account , was to help the mom with those eight little kids .	President of PR agency says people have made death threats by phone , e-mail Doctor told mom to expect either one baby or twins , not eight , Joann Killeen says Angry people tell Killeen they think mom 's able to stay home , live off taxpayers
CNN  -- North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Il arrived in Russia on Saturday to meet with President Dmitry Medvedev , authorities said . Kim is scheduled to visit Siberia and the country 's eastern region , according to a statement on Medvedev 's website . "  The meeting with Mr. Medvedev is the main event on his program , " the statement said . The statement and North Korea 's state media did not say what the two leaders will discuss . Earlier this month , North Korea again called for the resumption of the so-called six-party talks without preconditions . North Korea pulled out of six-party talks in 2008 . The six-party talks involved China , Japan , Russia , South Korea , North Korea and the United States . The goal was nuclear disarmament on the Korean peninsula . North Korea has called for the resumption of six-party talks without preconditions before . The United States and South Korea , however , have insisted on some tangible demonstration that North Korea is serious about denuclearization . Ahead of the the Kim 's visit , Russia 's foreign ministry announced Friday that it will send up to 50,000 tons of wheat to North Korea to alleviate some of that country 's food shortage . The first shipment of Russian grain arrived Friday , and will conclude in September . "  We view this humanitarian operation as a contribution to the strengthening of traditionally neighborly relations between the peoples of our two countries , " the foreign ministry said in a statement . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	NEW : Russia sends tons of grain to North Korea Kim Jong Il is scheduled to visit Siberia "  The meeting with Mr. Medvedev is the main event on his program , " a Russian statement says It is unclear what will be discussed at the meeting
Devecser , Hungary  CNN  -- The aluminum plant at the heart of the deadly toxic red sludge spill in Hungary will resume production at the end of the week , government officials said Wednesday . And the chief executive of the plant , who was arrested on Monday , has been released pending trial , his lawyer Janos Banati said . Zoltan Bakonyi , the chief executive of the MAL aluminum plant , was detained Monday , accused of public endangerment and harming the environment , authorities said . The announcement came on the same day officials said a ninth person had died from the toxic spill . The European Union said Wednesday the rescue phase of the operation has concluded . The main priority is now is cleaning up , said Laurent de Pierrefeu , an EU official on the ground at the scene of the spill . The red sludge leaked from a reservoir at the plant in Hungary and streamed through villages and into the Danube , Europe 's second largest river . The plant will be guarded by police and will be monitored by the government , the country 's disaster relief commissioner said at a news conference Wednesday . Workers in Hungary have been racing to build three emergency dams to stem an expected second toxic spill from the plant . Some 500,000 cubic meters of toxic red sludge is in the plant 's reservoir , whose wall shows signs of ruptures and cracks , said Gyorgi Tottos , a spokeswoman with Hungary 's emergency services department . Officials say it 's only a matter of time before the wall breaks and spews the sludge across the landscape , she said . The amount of sludge that remains in the reservoir is about half the amount that spilled out more than week ago , inundating three villages and leaving the landscape covered in red . Crews were also trying to remove a layer of liquid from the top of the sludge in the reservoir in order to make the mud less mobile if the wall breaks . The aluminum company said in a statement Saturday it was doing its utmost "  to avoid further damages and to reinforce the injured deposit . " The company said it has performed extensive maintenance work and renovations in the past decade and had followed safety regulations . It has also established a relief fund for victims of the spill and was attempting to help in finding accommodations for residents who were evacuated . About 800 people had to leave the village of Kolontar , downstream from the reservoir , and hundreds of soldiers were ready to rescue inhabitants of a nearby village if the wall collapses . CNN 's Tommy Evans and James Partington contributed to this report .	NEW : The head of the plant , who was arrested Monday , is released pending trial Nine people have been killed by the toxic spill Red sludge flows from the plant into villages and the Danube River
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Kenneth Cole is the first to admit he has a bit of a language problem . Pun-loving Kenneth Cole pays tribute to inspiring people in his new book . "  I need to distort not just leather and fabric , but also words , " he said . "  It 's a disorder I have . " The pun-loving fashion designer has raised plenty of eyebrows with advertising copy that ranges from the provocative and the political to the lighthearted and cutesy . Browse his online store and you can buy a T-shirt that reads "  In war is it who 's right , or who 's left ? " A canvas tote bag says , "  Use me again and again and again ...  I 'm used to it  . " Should you purchase either product , you 're assured that all your money will go to Cole 's "  Awearness Fund , " an initiative designed to draw attention to social issues like homelessness and AIDS . To that end , Cole has just released a new book called "  Awearness : Inspiring Stories About How to Make a Difference "  DK Adult  . It 's a collection of essays from influential types intended to encourage readers to get involved in service and volunteerism in their communities . Watch Cole talk about ` Awearness ' " Former President Bill Clinton contributes a piece on the global fight against HIV/AIDS . Actress Rosario Dawson writes about empowering young Latinos to vote , and cyclist Lance Armstrong discusses the merits of starting a movement like Livestrong , his effort to energize the fight against cancer . As Cole says : "  No good deed should go unpublished . " Pun intended . The book commemorates 25 years in the fashion business for the New Yorker , as well as a quarter century as an advocate for social activism . Cole spoke to CNN about the book , the belief , his wife and the cover .  OK , so not everyone is brilliantly punny .  The following is an edited transcript of the interview . CNN : What is the big message you 're hoping to get across with this book ? Kenneth Cole : The message is that these are extraordinary times . They 're transformative in so many ways . And America recently expressed the reality that there is an appetite for meaningful , significant , social change like we 've never seen before . CNN : In the introduction of your book , you talk about how you 've met a lot of people who have inspired you . Is there one person who stands out above the rest ? Cole : There are so many people that inspire me , and there are 90 role models in this book , some of whom I 've been very close to . I am the closest of all to my wife , who is in and of herself a change agent and has committed to impacting the realities of homelessness -- and making sure I get out of the house every day to do what I have to do . So she 's inspired me and she 's done great stuff . So I think I 'll stay with that answer . CNN : In Robert Redford 's essay on freedom of speech , he encourages the use of humor when speaking out about a cause someone feels passionate about . Has humor helped you ? Cole : I think it does . I agree with Mr. Redford , and he 's been a model of mine . ... And I think we also have these walls around us , and when people disagree , we 're inclined not to listen , but to a degree you can break through that wall often with humor . Jon Stewart has shown us how to do that , as have some other people who are in the art of doing it well . CNN : What 's your biggest hope for President-elect Barack Obama 's presidency ? Cole : He has already surpassed my greatest hopes . I think he 's created a sense of spirit and energy and opportunity in this country that we 've never seen . And I think it has transformed , in a sense , who we are as a nation globally within 24 hours . We saw that happen . CNN : How does a successful fashion designer , who also has a big conscience , feel in a weak economy ? Cole : I think it 's an extraordinary opportunity . There are only so many things we can do that make us feel better . We pick up the newspapers and we want to cry every day . We turn on the news and we want to jump out the first window , jump in front of the first truck . And there 's not a lot you can look forward to right now ... but you can make yourself look better , and if you look better , you 'll feel better , and it becomes self-fulfilling . I think fashion can do that to you . You can do it with some older stuff and mix it with newer stuff , or you can just do new cool stuff by a new cool American designer  smiles  . And starting from the ankles down , and then up . CNN : Do you think that fashion gets a hard rap ? -LSB- Are -RSB- people too quick to write it off as frivolous and underestimate its power ? Cole : I 've struggled with that over the years . Is fashion relevant ? Is it frivolous ? Is it trivial ? Because I give so much of my essence to it , as do everybody I work with . I 've come to two conclusions . One is that it 's as relevant as anything , because most of the people you encounter in a given day do n't get to know anything more about you than how you appear . You 're making a very thoughtful statement ... so I think fashion is important . And then at the end of the day if someone you know is sick or someone you know ca n't afford the roof over their head or the food on the plate , then it becomes not so important . So I think it 's relevant , and for me it 's been an extraordinary resource for me to do so much . And I love fashion . I think it makes us feel good . And if you feel good , we do good .	Kenneth Cole highlights public-spirited people in "  Awearness " Fashion designer Cole admires use of humor to leaven passion Cole : Fashion is relevant , even in tough times
CNN  A look at Oklahoma City , 20 years later . A fly-by of Pluto , 4 billion miles away . And the struggle to save the last male northern white rhino in the world . These are your best videos of the week : On April 19 , 1995 , the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , was bombed by two disaffected young Americans . One hundred sixty-eight people died in the terrorist attack , including 19 children . As the 20th anniversary of the tragedy approaches , CNN captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today . The video is at the top of this story . The use of marijuana as a medicinal treatment actually dates back millennia , to at least 2730 B.C. CNN 's Sanjay Gupta looks at the history of the herb in medicine -- including its prescription by Queen Victoria 's doctor . Watch the video : Just because you 're a politician does n't mean you come naturally to glad-handing . From the "  swing and miss " to the "  smile , the cameras are rolling , " the video age has captured a number of strange attempts by politicians attempting to look socially casual . Watch the video : Just as Jimmy Fallon become the go-to guy for viral video , newly minted "  Late Late Show " host James Corden began staking his claim . CNN 's Lisa France addresses the latest late-night matchups . Watch the video : On Thursday , a video of ESPN reporter Britt McHenry insulting a tow company clerk came out -- and immediately went viral . McHenry was suspended for a week . Watch the video : There are just four countries in the entire world that do n't guarantee any form of paid maternity leave . The U.S. is one of them . This and other details of women 's status in the United States are examined in this video , as well as a remarkable series by CNN 's Jessica Ravitz . Watch the video : Five northern white rhinoceroses are left in the entire world . All are in captivity -- and just one is male . He 's now being protected by armed guards around the clock . Watch the video : TEPCO , the Japanese utility , sent a robot in to examine the remains of the Fukushima nuclear plant , destroyed in a 2011 tsunami . What it recorded was startling . Watch the video : Leave it to NASA to create a car that might make the problems of parallel parking a thing of the past . Oh , and it 'll also probably work well on space missions . Former NFL player Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of murder earlier this week . What happened at his trial ? Watch the video : This summer , after nine years traveling through space , the New Horizons spacecraft is scheduled to reach Pluto . What will we learn ? Some new pictures offer clues .	Videos of the week include drone footage of Oklahoma City NASA has a car that drives sideways -- and a spacecraft headed for Pluto
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- More than 2,500 Nigerians caught in the fighting between Islamic militants and government forces have fled their homes in the northern part of the country , a Red Cross spokeswoman said Wednesday . Mothers and their children take refuge this week at a police office in the northern Nigerian city of Maiduguri . More than 400 people have been killed , and 150 bodies were lying in the general hospital at Maiduguri , according to Aliyu Maikanu , a Red Cross disaster officer in the northeast . Most of the violence has been on the outskirts of the city , officials said . "  It 's a terrible situation for me . It 's a very serious battle -- something I have not seen in my life , " Maikanu said . She said only security personnel were free to move around due to the risks . Up to 1,000 militants are holed up at their base of operations in Maiduguri , and police have cordoned off the area , she said . National police spokesman Emmanuel Ojukwu said Wednesday that police were able to free 187 women and children whom they claim were being held in the compound of the Islamic militants ' leader , Mohammed Yusuf . Under the sect 's strict form of sharia law , the group that was released was shielded from public view , Ojukwu said . He said 100 arrests have been made across the north . Shehu Sani , president of the Civil Rights Congress , a human rights organization based in northern Nigeria , said people were seeking refuge in police and military barracks and in hospitals . The militants disagree with the government 's teaching of Islam in the region , maintaining that the government allows itself to be influenced by Western values . They have been targeting high-profile government institutions , police and Islamic clergy , Ojukwu said . The operation to defeat the militants is ongoing , he said , and police have been deployed in all northeast and northwestern states . There is a history of religious violence in central Nigeria , where majority-Muslim North Africa meets largely Christian sub-Saharan Africa . Human Rights Watch estimates that more than 1,000 people were killed there in riots in 2001 . Last week the human rights organization alleged that police and soldiers killed at least 133 people during two days of riots last year between Muslims and Christians in Nigeria . Most of the victims were young Muslim men , often unarmed , the group said in testimony before a state commission . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 180 women , kids freed from militants ' compound , official says More than 2,500 flee fighting between militants , government in northern Nigeria More 400 people killed in Nigerian violence , Red Cross official says Militants holed up at base of operations in Maiduguri , Nigeria
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two detainees released from the U.S. military 's prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , have been transferred to Kuwait and Belgium , the Department of Justice announced Friday . A detainee inside the Guantanamo Bay prison is shown in May 2009 . It only identified Khalid Abdullah Mishal al-Mutairi , a Kuwaiti native , who was transferred to his home country . Belgium 's government asked Washington not to reveal the identity of the detainee it has accepted . Al-Mutairi was released on Thursday after spending nearly eight years in Guantanamo , according to the Kuwaiti Family Committee , an advocacy group for Kuwaiti detainees at Guantanamo . It is unclear when the second detainee was transferred to Belgium . Al-Mutairi 's release follows a federal court ruling on July 29 as well as pressure from Kuwait 's government , the group said . Al-Mutairi will be housed in a rehabilitation center in Kuwait , recently built by the government to provide the detainees with "  education , medical care , group discussions and physical exercise to help them recover from their long ordeal in Guantanamo , " the Kuwaiti Family Committee said . The center was modeled after a similar program in Saudi Arabia . The recently released detainees join more than 550 from Guantanamo who have been transferred to 32 countries . More than 220 detainees remain at Guantanamo . The House of Representatives recently voted overwhelmingly not to allow detainees to be brought to the United States for trials or to be housed as prisoners . Attorney General Eric Holder has expressed frustration with congressional curbs on bringing the detainees to the United States , but said he thinks he can turn Congress around on the issue . "  I think we ultimately will be in a position to convince a majority of the members of Congress that that restriction should be removed , " Holder said this month . Holder acknowledged the administration 's efforts to close the Guantanamo Bay prison continue to run into delays , and that President Obama 's January deadline for closing it will likely have to be delayed . Holder has personally vowed to lobby to change minds on Capitol Hill . But he also acknowledged there are other sticking points . "  One of the things that we 're going to have to do to  is  come up with a facility in the United States to house people that are brought for trial here . That 's something we 're in the process of working on , " he said . The countries that have agreed to house Guantanamo detainees include Albania , Algeria , Afghanistan , Australia , Bangladesh , Bahrain , Belgium , Bermuda , Chad , Denmark , Egypt , France , Iran , Iraq , Jordan , Kuwait , Libya , Maldives , Mauritania , Morocco , Pakistan , Portugal , Russia , Saudi Arabia , Spain , Sweden , Sudan , Tajikistan , Turkey , Uganda , United Kingdom and Yemen .	More than 550 Guantanamo detainees have been transferred to 32 countries More than 220 detainees remain at Guantanamo No facility in United States to house Guantanamo detainees President 's January deadline for closing Guantanamo will likely have to be delayed
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- Cheng Li Ping is afraid to tell her sons their father might never come home . "  My heart ca n't handle it . I do n't want to hurt my children , " the Chinese woman told CNN Wednesday as she waited in Kuala Lumpur for evidence about what happened to her husband and the 238 others who were aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . Cheng says she can not bring herself to accept that her husband is dead , even after authorities announced there were no survivors . "  I ca n't trust the Malaysian government . I ca n't work now because all I can think about is my husband and my children , " she told CNN 's Sara Sidner in Kuala Lumpur . "  I do n't have strength . ... My head is a mess . " Malaysian officials say they can tell you how Flight 370 ended . It crashed into the Indian Ocean , they 'll say , citing complicated math as proof . They can tell you when it probably happened -- on March 8 , sometime between 8:11 and 9:15 a.m.  7:11 to 8:15 p.m. ET March 7  , handing you a sheet with extraordinarily technical details about satellite communications technology . What they still ca n't tell you is why , or precisely where , or show you a piece of the wreckage . All those uncertainties are too much for Cheng and other relatives of people aboard the plane . In Beijing , outraged family members marched to the Malaysian Embassy to denounce the airline , the country and just about everything involved with an investigation that has transfixed the world and vexed experts . Steve Wang , whose mother was aboard the flight , told reporters he felt there was "  no evidence " that the passenger jet crashed in the Indian Ocean . "  If you find something : OK , we accept , " he said . "  But nothing -- just from the data , just from analysis . " Where 's the proof ? Cheng says the authorities ' answers to questions do n't make sense . "  They have been hiding the truth , " she said . "  Even though they know the truth , they have been delaying it and missed out on the golden time for the search . " Malaysia Airlines says it is giving the families all the information it can and is sharing it as quickly as possible . And authorities say they know the news is hard to take . But Tuesday , acting Malaysian Transportation Minister Hishammuddin Hussein defended the decision to release the analysis and the heartbreaking conclusions that flowed from it . "  It was released out of a commitment to openness and respect for the relatives , two principles which have guided the investigation , " he said . That investigation now focuses on an area of the southern Indian Ocean off Australia 's west coast , where authorities believe the plane went down after a long , odd , unexplained flight that should have ended hours before in Beijing . Searching there resumed Wednesday after bad weather grounded planes for a day . Hishammuddin said authorities have stopped searching for the plane altogether along a northern arc that stretched from Vietnam to Kazakhstan . Analysis of data by British satellite company Inmarsat and British accident investigators show the Boeing 777-200ER was heading south at last contact , he said . How ` groundbreaking ' number crunching found path of Flight 370 Commercial satellite data from a U.S. company , first analyzed by Australian officials , as well as satellite data from China and France , have turned up evidence of debris bobbing in the general area where authorities believe the plane went down . Australian and Chinese surveillance planes have both reported seeing debris on the water , but so far nothing has been recovered or definitively linked to the missing flight . Authorities cautioned that despite the narrowing the search area , it could still be some time before crews find any sign of the airplane . "  We 're not searching for a needle in a haystack , " Mark Binskin , vice chief of the Australian Defence Force , told reporters . "  We 're still trying to define where the haystack is . " Search resumes after weather delay After bad weather halted the hunt for a day , searching resumed Wednesday , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said . A Chinese plane took off for the search area in the Indian Ocean at 5 a.m. Wednesday  5 p.m. ET Tuesday  , several hours ahead of schedule , the authority said . Gale-force winds , large waves , heavy rain and low clouds lashed the search area Tuesday , making it impossible to dispatch surveillance planes to the scene and making it all but impossible to spot anything from ships . "  It 's a pretty remote area and weather conditions can get very , very bad , very , very quickly , " said Neil Bennett of the Australian Bureau of Meteorology . "  At the moment , we 're looking at a good day today , but we are expecting conditions to deteriorate again tomorrow . " Wednesday 's search is set to include ships and aircraft from six countries : Australia , New Zealand , the United States , Japan , China and South Korea . Twelve aircraft will be part of the search , Australian officials said . Australia 's HMAS Success and China 's Xue Long polar supply ship are also in the search area , officials said . U.S. equipment to help find the plane 's locator beacon arrived in Perth on Wednesday . But even with more searchers and equipment and calmer weather , the effort will still face severe challenges . The area is extraordinarily remote -- some 1,500 miles from Perth , where military surveillance planes capable of searching the site are based . It is also astoundingly large -- some 400,000 to 500,000 square miles of ocean . "  With eight hours of flying to and from the search region , the fleet of P-3 Orion aircraft and other military aircraft have only a precious few hours to scour the search tracks they have been given , " Australian Defence Minister David Johnston said . To complicate matters , debris that may have been floating days ago , when some of the satellite images were taken , could have sunk by now . Other debris may have drifted hundreds of miles . And time is running out to find the flight data recorder , whose locator beacon is expected to stop working sometime around April 7 . More than half a million square kilometers  193,000 square miles  have been searched to date , Australian authorities said . How they 're searching for debris Crash conclusion explained Hishammuddin spent part of Tuesday 's briefing explaining how investigators came to the conclusion that the plane must have gone into the southern Indian Ocean . He said the analysis was based on sophisticated mathematics calculating how long it took signals from a transmitter on the plane to reach an orbiting Inmarsat communications satellite . Much like the horn from a passing car whose pitch rises as it approaches and then falls as it races away , engineers were able examine the satellite 's signal and determine it had to be moving south , he said . Engineers checked their calculations against data from other Boeing 777 flights that day and found their technique was sound , he said . One mystery remains in the data : The plane 's transmitter and satellite tried to make one final connection at 8:19 a.m. "  At this time this transmission is not understood and is subject to further ongoing work , " he said . The analysis shows that the plane did n't answer a ping from the satellite ground station at 9:15 a.m.  8:15 p.m. ET  , leading investigators to conclude the plane 's satellite transmitter stopped working sometime between 8:11 and 9:15 a.m. "  This , " Hishammuddin said , "  is consistent with the maximum endurance of the aircraft . " That partial ping could be a key detail that helps investigators unravel what happened , experts said Tuesday . "  I think it 's very significant , " CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said . "  This is the last time we hear from the aircraft . You have to wonder what was going on that might have sparked  it  . " Malaysia has convened an international working group to help further narrow the search area . It involves agencies with "  expertise in satellite communications and aircraft performance , " he said . It will build on the existing analysis of satellite data in hopes of pinpointing a more exact location for the plane 's location . What happened to cause the plane to veer off course and presumably crash into the Indian Ocean hours after it was supposed to arrive in Beijing remains unknown . Authorities and analysts have speculated anything from mechanical failure to terrorism to pilot suicide could have played a role . Police have interviewed scores of people , and the Royal Malaysian Air Force is conducting its own inquiry into the disappearance , authorities say . Anguished families react The Malaysian government 's announcement was met with anger by relatives , many of whom said it was premature to declare their loved ones dead before locating any wreckage or bodies . Others accused Malaysian officials of lying or concealing facts . Relatives first learned of the conclusion that the plane had crashed via a text message sent to their cell phones . Malaysian authorities followed up with briefings for families in Beijing and Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . "  They have told us all lives are lost , " a missing passenger 's relative briefed by the airline in Beijing said Monday . In Beijing , hundreds of friends and family members of missing passengers marched to the Malaysian Embassy to express their anger and frustration . Uniformed police blocked journalists from joining the protesters as they approached the gates of the embassy . One woman in the crowd , overcome by stress and emotion , was carried to a nearby ambulance on a stretcher . Malaysian officials said they are doing all they can . Prime Minister Najib Razak explained Tuesday that he decided to make his official announcement Monday because he did not want the government to be seen as hiding information on purpose from the families of the missing passengers . In an address to Parliament in Kuala Lumpur , he said his statement was based on "  the most conclusive information we have . " Malaysia Airlines said Tuesday it has offered family members financial support of $ 5,000 for each passenger aboard the ill-fated flight and was preparing to make additional payments as the prolonged search continues . CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya told reporters the airline shares in the families ' grief . "  We all feel enormous sorrow and pain , " he said Tuesday . "  Sorrow that all those who boarded Flight MH370 on Saturday 8th March , will not see their families again . And that those families will now have to live on without those they love . " Ocean search has many challenges Clues lead to new theories CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong ; CNN 's Sara Sidner and Mitra Mobasherat reported from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia ; Catherine E. Shoichet and Michael Pearson from Atlanta ; Pauline Chiou , David McKenzie , Jaime A. FlorCruz , Connie Young and Yuli Yang contributed from Beijing ; Kyung Lah contributed from Perth , Australia .	NEW : U.S. equipment to help find the plane 's locator beacon arrives in Perth Wife of passenger : "  I ca n't trust the Malaysian government " Weather in search area is expected to worsen again Thursday Indian Ocean search resumes ; aircraft and boats from six countries participating
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea 's spy chief said Wednesday that there is a high chance that North Korea will attack again following a strike last month that has led to renewed tensions on the peninsula , the Yonhap news agency reported . South Korean lawmaker Rhee Beum-Kwan quoted National Intelligence Service chief Won Sei-hoon as making the prediction , Yonhap reported . "  North Korea pushed for reckless actions as internal complaints grew over its hereditary power succession and economic situations worsened , " the lawmaker quoted Won as saying . Meanwhile , South Korea and the United States wrapped up joint military exercises on the Yellow Sea , while South Korea carried on with plans for artillery firing drills next week amid simmering tensions with Pyongyang . The live fire drills are a routine monthly exercise aimed at securing the safety of ships in the area , the South 's Joint Chiefs of Staff told CNN . They are scheduled to begin Monday . Officials said the planned firing drills are expected to take place in waters around the Korean peninsula , including those close to the Yellow Sea border , Yonhap reported . But the Yellow Sea locations are not close to Yeonpyeong Island , where four South Koreans were killed by North Korean shelling on November 23 , Yonhap reported officials as saying . North Korea has said the South provoked the attack , which also left 18 people injured , because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North 's waters . Meanwhile , South Korea and the United States are reportedly in talks about more joint naval exercises for this year or next year . "  We have been in consultations with the U.S. to carry out several rounds of joint military drills to deal with a limited provocation by the enemy , " said Col. Kim Young-cheol of the South 's Joint Chiefs of Staff , Yonhap reported . "  The timing and participating military assets have not been decided yet . " North Korea warned Tuesday that the military drills by the United States and South Korea could lead to "  all-out war any time . " The firmly worded message was published by North Korea 's state-run KCNA news service . "  If the U.S. and the South Korean war-like forces fire even a shell into the inviolable land and territorial waters of the DPRK , they will have to pay dearly for this , " the news service report said . The DPRK is the acronym for North Korea 's formal name : the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . The U.S. State Department announced Wednesday that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will meet with ministers from South Korea and Japan next Monday to discuss the Korean crisis , among other issues . That encounter comes amid calls from China for an emergency meeting of the six major powers involved in talks about the Korean peninsula . The six countries are China , Russia , North Korea , South Korea , Japan , and the United States . South Korea has said it does n't think the time is right for a resumption of the six-party talks , but promised it would "  bear in mind " the Chinese proposal . In Washington , a State Department official said the United States is consulting with its allies but that resuming the six-party talks "  can not substitute for action by North Korea to comply with its obligations . " The Japanese government said one of its envoys is in Beijing , China , for discussions on the situation . As North Korea 's largest trading partner and strongest ally , China has been urged by the international community to confront the crisis . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday that China has "  a duty and an obligation to press upon the North Koreans that their belligerent behavior has to come to an end . " A top Chinese envoy met with South Korea 's president over the weekend , and a top North Korean official arrived in Beijing , China , on Tuesday , the first visit to China by a North Korean official since the shelling of Yeonpyeong Island . CNN affiliate YTN reported that Choe Tae Bok , chairman of North Korea 's Supreme People 's Assembly , is on a five-day visit to China . Amid the international attempts to avert warfare , the strident and saber-rattling rhetoric between the Koreas remained the region 's background noise . This comes after South Korean President Lee Myung-bak warned this week that North Korea would face severe consequences if it launched another military attack across its southern border . "  If the North commits any additional provocations against the South , we will make sure that it pays a dear price without fail , " Lee said in a nationally televised address . CNN 's Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	Intelligence chief warns of more attacks Report : S. Korea is in talks with the U.S. for more drills to deal with "  provocation by the enemy " Government ministers from South Korea and Japan will attend a December meeting North Korea warns U.S.-South Korea drills could lead to "  all-out war any time "
A senior Republican staffer is resigning after her comments that the Obama daughters should "  try showing a little class " caused a firestorm of criticism on social media this weekend . Elizabeth Lauten , communications director for Tennessee Rep. Stephen Fincher , confirmed to CNN that she planned to resign Monday . She faced heavy backlash when she wrote a Thanksgiving-Day screed against the Obama daughters , as well as the President and first lady , on Facebook that quickly went viral across the web . In it , she scolded Malia and Sasha Obama , 16 and 13 years old , respectively , for what she said was their inappropriate outfits and their bored looks during Wednesday 's turkey pardoning ceremony , which they attended alongside their father . "  Dear Sasha and Malia : I get you 're both in those awful teen years , but you 're a part of the First Family , try showing a little class . At least respect the part you play , " Lauten wrote in the post . "  Then again , your mother and father do n't respect their positions very much , or the nation for that matter , " she added . "  So I 'm guessing you 're coming up a little short in the ` good role model ' department . " Lauten went on to tell them to "  stretch yourself ... rise to the occasion " and "  act like being in the White House matters to you . " "  Dress like you deserve respect , not a spot at a bar . And certainly do n't make faces during televised , public events , " she concluded . Hours later , after her comments picked up steam on social media , Lauten deleted it and wrote another post apologizing for her comments . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said during his briefing with reporters on Monday that while he was "  taken aback " by her comments , he thought her apology was "  appropriate . " "  I was taken aback there was a political operative on Capitol Hill who did use the occastion of a Thanksgiving-themed event to criticize members of the First Family , " Earnest said . "  I was a bit surprised by that . But I will say that she has posted an apology to her website , and I think that was an appropriate thing to do . " Neither Fincher nor his chief of staff , Jessica Carter , responded to requests for comment via email . But Lauten found few defenders this weekend , even drawing a rebuke from Republican National Committee Communications Director Sean Spicer via Twitter on Monday morning . "  Children , especially the first daughters , are off limits , " he tweeted . Spicer was far more displeased , however , with the way the comments were covered by the media than he was with the comments themselves . "  While the comments were inappropriate and insensitive , the mainstream media 's coverage of this story is appalling . In over 20 years in politics I have never seen 1 of the countless inappropriate comments by Democrats ever covered to a faction of this , " Spicer added .	Elizabeth Lauten , communications director for Tennessee Rep. Stephen Fincher , resigned Monday Her criticism of the Obama daughters as lacking "  class " in a Facebook post went viral The RNC 's communications director said while her comments were wrong , the media coverage of them was worse
CNN  -- A 19-year-old gunman who killed eight people and then himself Wednesday at the Westroads Mall in Omaha , Nebraska , left a suicide note , police said . Police have identified the gunman as Robert A. Hawkins , 19 , of Nebraska . Five other people were injured , and two of them were in critical condition , hospital officials said . Chief Thomas Warren of the Omaha Police Department called the shooting "  premeditated , " but said it "  appears to be very random and without provocation . " Surveillance cameras may have captured the shooting , Warren said . "  We 'll be here throughout the night ; it 's a very extensive crime scene , " he said . Police identified the gunman as Robert A. Hawkins of Nebraska . They have recovered an SKS assault rifle and the suspect 's vehicle . Debora Maruca Kovac , Hawkins ' landlord who found the suicide note , said he wrote he was sorry for everything and did not want to be a burden to anyone any longer . Watch landlord describe phone call from shooter " Hawkins said in the note he loved his friends and family , but "  he was a piece of s -- all his life , and now he 'll be famous , " she told CNN . She said Hawkins was a friend of her sons and "  reminded me of a lost puppy that nobody wanted . " He came to live with her about a year and a half ago , telling her he could not stay with his own family because of "  some issues with his stepmother and him . " She described Hawkins as well-behaved , although "  he had a lot of emotional problems , obviously . " The shootings began about 1:42 p.m. Seven people were found dead at the scene by officers arriving six minutes later ; two others , a male and a female , died after being transported to Creighton University Medical Center , said Fire Chief Robert Dahlquist . A Creighton spokeswoman said a second female was undergoing surgery and was in critical condition Wednesday afternoon . Three other people were taken to the University of Nebraska Medical Center . One , a 61-year-old man who sustained a chest wound after being shot in the armpit , underwent surgery and remained in critical condition in the intensive care unit Wednesday night , said hospital spokeswoman Maggie O'Brien . Learn more about the victims " The other two -- a 34-year-old man who was shot in the arm , and a 55-year-old man who fell and struck a clothing rack as he was trying to escape -- were treated and released , she said . Maruca Kovac told CNN that Hawkins left home Wednesday about 11 a.m. , and called the house about two hours later , sounding upset . "  He just said he wanted to thank me for everything I 'd done for him ... and he was sorry , " Maruca Kovac said . He told her he had gotten fired from his job , she said . "  I said , ` Come home and we 'll talk about it , ' " she said . "  He said , ` It 's too late . ' He said he 'd left a note explaining everything . " Witness Jennifer Kramer told CNN she heard at least 25 shots . Watch witnesses describe the ordeal " "  He just kept firing , " she said . She said she called 911 on her cell phone , whispering into it out of fear of being heard . A dispatcher told her other calls had been received and help was on the way , but she said it seemed to take "  a long time " for them to arrive . "  It was just so loud , and then it was silence , " she said . "  I was scared to death he 'd be walking around looking for someone else . " She said as she was being escorted out by police , she saw a man lying injured by the escalator where she had been previously . "  All of us were slightly confused because we did n't know what it was , " said mall employee Charissa Tatoon about the first burst of gunfire . "  Immediately after that , there was a series of maybe 20 to 25 more shots up on the third floor . "  I was in the women 's shoe department and there was a gentleman coming down the escalator that was very near the shoe department , and he was heard saying that he was calling 911 , and immediately after that , the shooter shot down from the third floor and shot him on the second floor . " Warren , the police chief , said the victims included five females and three males , not including Hawkins . "  We believe there was one shooter , and one shooter only , " he said . Maruca Kovac said she was unaware Hawkins had any guns , although she said he knew a lot about them , as did his stepfather . "  When he first came to live with us , he was in the fetal position and chewed his fingernails all the time , " she said . But she said she thought he was improving , as he had gotten a job , a haircut and a girlfriend . However , she said Hawkins and his girlfriend had broken up in the last couple of weeks , and he had taken it hard . She said late Wednesday that authorities were searching her house for evidence . "  My kids are devastated , " she said . "  We 're all in shock . " Hawkins ' former school district released a photo of a youth with glasses and long black hair . A spokeswoman said he attended Papillon-La Vista High School until he withdrew in March 2006 . Witnesses described chaos and frantic shoppers running away from the Von Maur store , where the shooting began just before 2 p.m. "  You 're in such shock , it 's hard to think . I was hoping God would spare us , " said a woman who was clutching a rosary in her trembling hand after the shootings . "  We had to put up our hands and follow the police to the outside . " Others described scenes of horror as they fled the mall . See a map of where the shooting took place " Some shoppers and mall employees hid in clothes racks , dressing rooms and bathrooms after hearing the shots . Most of the victims were shot inside the Von Maur store , Sgt. Teresa Negron said . Watch police talk about the shooting " President Bush had visited Omaha Wednesday before the shooting . "  The president is deeply saddened by the shootings in Omaha , Nebraska , earlier today , " White House press secretary Dana Perino said . "  His thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families this evening . Having just visited with so many members of the community in Omaha today , the president is confident that they will pull together to comfort one another as they deal with this terrible tragedy . " As news of the shooting spread , people gathered outside the mall , checking on loved ones who were inside . The shopping center will be closed until at least Thursday , police said . The shooting was at least the fourth at a mall or shopping center so far this year , following incidents in Salt Lake City , Utah ; Kansas City , Missouri ; and Douglasville , Georgia . E-mail to a friend	Landlord says shooter called and told her : "  It 's too late " Police : Surveillance cameras may have captured the shooting Police identify the shooter as Robert A. Hawkins , 19 Two of the wounded are in critical condition
CNN  -- Lance Armstrong is ready to cooperate with an international "  truth and reconciliation commission " digging into doping in professional cycling , but not -- for now and perhaps longer -- with the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which expedited his downfall , his lawyer said Friday . USADA , designated by Congress as the country 's official anti-doping organization for Olympic sports , had reached out to Armstrong 's representatives , asking the former champion cyclist to talk to them at length by February 6 about his past . In a letter dated Friday , Armstrong 's lawyer Timothy Herman acknowledged the USADA request but said that "  logistically , it is simply not possible " to do in the next two weeks "  due to preexisting obligations . " Furthermore , Herman wrote that Armstrong is more inclined to cooperate with international sports authorities -- specifically the Union Cycliste Internationale , which recently announced its intention to set up a "  truth and reconciliation commission " in conjunction with the World Anti-Doping Agency . The lawyer reasoned USADA has limited jurisdiction over the sport , since it has focused on the U.S. Postal Service team once led by Armstrong , but not the vast majority of professional cycling teams that have raced in recent decades . 7 lessons from Armstrong 's confession "  USADA has no authority to investigate , prosecute or otherwise involve itself with the other 95 % of cycling competitors , " Herman said . "  Thus , in order to achieve the goal of ` cleaning up cycling , ' it must be WADA and the UCI who have overall authority to do so . " U.S. Anti-Doping Agency CEO Travis Tygart , in a statement to CNN , challenged Armstrong 's claim he did not have sufficient time to arrange his schedule so he could talk to his organization . Tygart said the two sides met last month , at which time his agency asked Armstrong to work with them and "  be part of the solution . " "  Mr. Armstrong has already been provided well over a month since our meeting in December to consider whether he is going to be part of our ongoing efforts to clean up the sport of cycling , " Tygart said . "  Either way , USADA is moving forward with our investigation on behalf of clean athletes . " Last October , the USADA detailed its investigation that found Armstrong played a central role in what it called "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program that sport has ever seen . " That in-depth report hastened the once iconic Armstrong 's demise , including his being stripped of his 2000 Olympic bronze medal and seven Tour de France titles . As he had for years , Armstrong continued to vehemently deny cheating during his stellar run -- until this month , when he confessed to Oprah Winfrey that he 'd used performance-enhancing drugs and had illicit blood transfusions . In the interview , Armstrong admitted being a "  bully " at times , but insisted he did n't feel like he cheated because others in his sport were doing the same . 10 alternative steps to redemption for Armstrong "  I viewed it as a level playing field , " the athlete said . Armstrong told Winfrey he was open to talking with anti-doping agencies , including USADA , to address what he called a pervasive "  culture " of breaking the rules to get ahead . That said , there 's a long history of bad blood between the two sides -- including pointed back-and-forth barbs between Armstrong and Tygart . In his recent interview , Armstrong had admitted some of USADA 's findings had merit , but rebutted others , such as its claims he cheated when he returned to professional cycling for the 2009 and 2010 Tour de France competitions . Tygart said in an interview with CBS ' "  60 Minutes " set to air in full Sunday that , even if others also took performance-enhancing drugs , Armstrong "  was on an entirely different playing field " given how much "  inside information " and "  special access " he had . The anti-doping chief blasted Armstrong 's claim in his Winfrey interview that he did n't think he was cheating -- saying even a kindergartener could recognize that "  it 's breaking the rules of the game . " "  No real athlete has to look up the definition of cheating , " Tygart said , according to excerpts of the interview posted online . "  It 's offensive to clean athletes who are out there , working hard , to play by the rules that apply to their sport . " Herman expressed "  disappointment " about this interview , which he expected would contain "  more criticism of and attacks on Lance , despite no shortage of that following his recent revelations . " "  Lance 's commitment to the truth and reconciliation process is firm , despite the attempt at piling on through more appearances by Mr. Tygart on '60 Minutes , ' " the lawyer wrote . Why we cheat CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	USADA says it gave Lance Armstrong until February 6 to discuss doping His lawyer says it is n't "  possible " for Armstrong to meet USADA within 2 weeks He says international agencies should lead probes into doping in cycling , not USADA USADA chief blasts Armstrong in an upcoming "  60 Minutes " interview
CNN  As his military career winds down , Britain 's Prince Harry is going to be spending some time down under . The 30-year-old prince is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces there . Harry "  will work and live alongside colleagues in the Australian Army in a number of regiments in Sydney , Darwin and Perth , " the Australian Defence Forces said Thursday . He has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career , a spokesman said . "  Prince Harry has trained and served alongside Australian armed forces on operational tours to Afghanistan ; he has met them during the Invictus Games ; and even trekked to the South Pole with a couple of Australian soldiers , " the spokesman said . The younger son of Prince Charles and Princess Diana , Harry is known in the British Army as "  Captain Harry Wales , " from his official title and name , His Royal Highness Prince Henry of Wales . He began his formal military duties in 2005 at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst . Last month , he announced that he would be leaving the armed forces in June , describing the decision as "  really tough . " Australian military officials say the prince 's program with them will be "  challenging . " It will involve training in urban settings and patrolling the Australian bush , as well as aviation activities and fire exercises . He 'll also participate in regular activities like physical training and pack marches , the Australian military said . Harry will also spend time meeting wounded , injured and ill service members in Australia . "  Wounded warriors " are a special interest for Prince Harry . He helped spearhead and continues to champion the Invictus Games , a competition for former military personnel who have been wounded in the line of duty . Before he reports for duty Monday , the prince will lay a wreath at the war memorial in the Australian capital , Canberra . During his attachment with the Australian military , Harry will accompany Charles on a trip to Turkey at the end of April for commemorations on the anniversary of the World War I Battle of Gallipoli . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Prince Harry is to begin a monthlong military attachment in Australia He 'll be leaving the British armed forces in June
Can someone please explain to me the details of Obamacare ? And when I say "  someone , " I 'm looking at you , President Obama -- or at least members of your administration . I ca n't fathom how Obama , one of the best orators of modern-day politics , could be such a poor advocate for what 's arguably the crowning legislative achievement of his administration . I can assure you that if there were a law named after me -- such as "  Obeidallahcare " or "  Deanaid " -- I would be crisscrossing the country explaining it so people would understand and support it . Sure , most of us get the broad strokes of the Affordable Care Act commonly known as Obamacare : the individual mandate , coverage for the uninsured , children on parents ' policy until 26 , carriers can not deny you coverage or charge you more due to a pre-existing condition . But the law is close to 1,000 pages and will spur hundreds , if not thousands , of regulations . What else does the law offer , and how will Americans be able to gain access to its benefits ? Will Obamacare help primary care ? We hear about state health insurance exchanges going into effect in October , but in the same breath we hear that many governors wo n't implement them . We hear about the individual mandate obligating everyone to buy health insurance by 2014 or face a penalty , but then we hear the Obama administration has delayed the requirement that employers with more than 50 employees be required to provide health coverage until 2015 . It 's remarkable that there 's such confusion surrounding a piece of legislation signed into law more than three years ago -- in March 2010 . And I 'm far from alone on this . A poll in April found that 40 % of Americans did n't even know if Obamacare is still in effect , which translates into roughly 130 million Americans not even knowing if the law still exists , let alone understanding the details of it . Even more concerning is that a recent poll of doctors found by a wide margin that they are "  not at all familiar " with how certain key provisions of the law will be implemented . And astoundingly , it appears that Democratic members of Congress do n't even fully grasp how Obamacare will be put into effect . That point was made crystal clear when Democratic Sen. Max Baucus , one of the early champions of the law , recently labeled the rollout of Obamacare "  a huge train wreck coming down . " In response , Obama 's chief of staff has been spending time over the past three months giving presentations to Democrats in Congress so they can better understand the law . Who loses out under Obamacare ? What 's even more surprising is that Obama has allowed the void of information from his end to be filled almost unchallenged by Republicans , who have been actively working to define the law in the worst possible terms . Unless Obama is mimicking the rope-a-dope fighting strategy made famous by Muhammad Ali , his administration 's outreach to the public on Obamacare has been an abysmal failure . The consequence of Obama ceding the battlefield can be seen in a new poll that found 54 % of Americans disapprove of the law and a record-high 39 % want Congress to repeal it . The poll also found just 13 % of Americans say the health care law will personally "  help me , " but 38 % believe the law will personally "  hurt me . " Maybe it was these poll numbers or perhaps being pushed by members of his own party , but it seems that Obama is finally aware of the public relations nightmare and possible policy failure staring him in the face . The administration has recently started organizing faith-based and community groups to help get out the word . The federal government just launched a multimillion-dollar campaign to educate people about coverage options under Obamacare . It has even secured the support of the people at the Funny or Die comedy website to produce videos with well-known comedic actors explaining Obamacare -- because nothing says "  comedy gold " like a law about health insurance . Obama meets with celebs who want to promote Obamacare But why did n't Obama utilize his great communication skills to explain this law to us sooner ? Why has n't he traveled across the country waging something akin to his election campaign to sell his program ? And it 's not like Obama does n't see the value in taking his ideas directly to the American public to build support . Indeed , we saw Obama use this very tactic last week as he kicked off the first of a series of speeches regarding his proposals to strengthen and grow the economy . The president did mention Obamacare in that speech , pointing out that "  the states that have committed themselves to making this law work are finding that competition and choice are actually pushing costs down . Just last week , New York announced that premiums for consumers who buy their insurance in these online marketplaces will be at least 50 % less than what they pay today . " And what 's even more bizarre is that polls show strong support for many key provisions of Obamacare . The president could have  and should have  been touting these popular parts of the law for years , given that 61 % of Americans favor allowing children to stay on the policy until they are 26 and 82 % like the ban on insurance carriers from denying coverage for those with pre-existing conditions . Could it be that Obama is n't waging such a campaign because even he ca n't explain this mammoth program in a way that will attract support ? Is it possible that the president 's idealistic dream of what Obamacare was intended to be has been replaced three years later by an administrative nightmare ? The real reason why the Obama administration has remained largely invisible as Republicans have pummeled Obamacare may never truly be known . But it 's clear that Obamacare needs a massive infusion of PR care if it is going to succeed . Watch : Two sides of Obamacare	Dean Obeidallah says the administration has done a poor job of explaining Obamacare He says the plan has many popular features , but the public does n't fully understand it A failure to explain has left room for Republicans to distort it , he says Obeidallah : Administration has belatedly moved to tout the benefits of Obamacare
CNN  -- In the aftermath of more than one million people taking to the streets in anti-government demonstrations , Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff vowed Friday to talk with protest leaders but warned the government would not tolerate violence . The warning came amid sporadic reports of looting , people breaking into public buildings and protesters setting fires during demonstrations that appeared to take the government by surprise this week . The movement has brought together Brazilians angered by a government they say is shortchanging its duties to its citizens while spending lavishly on events such as the 2014 World Cup and 2016 Olympic Games . "  We can not live with this violence , " Rousseff said in a nationally televised address . She called on security forces to work within the framework of the country 's law to prevent violence and vandalism . Rousseff said she planned to meet with leaders of the protest movement , but did not publicly detail when or where the meetings would take place . Her remarks followed an emergency meeting with her Cabinet . While most of the protests have remained peaceful , there have been reports of sporadic violence that have resulted in two deaths . On Friday , state-run Agencia Brasil reported an employee of the city of Belem , who as cleaning the streets near the mayor 's office , died after being "  shocked " by clashes between police and protesters . The news agency did not say how the woman died , but reported that she suffered from hypertension and was transported to a hospital , where she died Friday morning . Another protest-related casualty reportedly occurred Thursday in Sao Paulo state , where a young man was run over by an SUV at an intersection during a demonstration , state police said . Even after various state governments repealed the public transportation fare hikes that spurred the discontent , more than a million people took to the streets across the country on Thursday . Until now , the government 's position was to support the protests as peaceful freedom of expression , and it is unclear whether there will be a shift as violent incidents mount and the unrest continues . "  It 's a very delicate balance , and it 's not very simple , " Roberto Jaguaribe , Brazil 's ambassador to the United Kingdom , told CNN . The government wants to protect protesters and property , while not being overbearing with its response . It 's presumptuous , Jaguaribe said , to assume that the government understands what is taking place on the streets and the forces behind it . Protesters say they want to see more expenditures on education and health care , changes that can not be done quickly . The majority of marchers are young and well-educated . "  One of the problems is that the normal democratic channels that are established are not followed by these people , " Jaguaribe said . "  They do n't feel represented adequately by these channels . They want to to create something new . " "  We have to understand that and see how it goes , " he said . The mood in Sao Paulo , one of the centers of the protests , was tense Friday . Many were anxious to hear a message from Rousseff . The protests come amid the soccer Confederations Cup tournament , a friendly array of matches , in which the host country , Brazil , plays against a small group of national teams from around the globe . The cup serves as a precursor to the World Cup . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	NEW : President Dilma Rousseff says she will meet with protest leaders NEW : In a televised address , she warned she will not tolerate violence Rousseff held an emergency meeting with her Cabinet
CNN  -- Would you go to work for nothing ? More to the point , would you do so risking life and limb riding a horse in one of the world 's toughest races ? These days amateurs competing in professional sport are almost an extinct breed , but Sam Waley-Cohen is a throwback to a bygone era -- the archetypal "  gentleman jockey . " By day he runs a multimillion-dollar series of dental practices ; at the weekend he rides over some of the world 's toughest fences , unpaid and purely for the love of it . A modern-day jack of all trades , he boasts helicopter and plane licenses , is a keen mountaineer and is even credited as the man that got Britain 's Prince William and Kate Middleton back together after a pre-wedding separation . The highlight of his weekend job is looming on Saturday : the Grand National , the world 's toughest steeplechase with a prize fund of Â # 1 million  $ 1.66 million  . "  The Grand National for a jockey is a bit like a fighter pilot in his plane in a series of dog fights , " says the 31-year-old , who will saddle up on one of the favorites , Long Run . "  It 's a very unusual challenge of very intense periods and occasional moments of reflection . It 's a race that 's impossible to replicate . Every single fence is a big challenge , it 's twice as long as your average race . "  It 's the one and only race in the world where you can say it 's the best experience of your life even if you do n't win . " Waley-Cohen has come close -- he was second on Oscar Time in 2011 and fourth on the same mount a year ago . Long Run , meanwhile , is a winner of the prestigious Cheltenham Gold Cup and the King George VI Chase , two other jewels in jump-jockey circles . "  One of my first memories is riding a rocking horse at home in which I acted out riding the Grand National , " he recalls . "  It 's a race I love , that gives me butterflies . If you do n't get that with the National , you should probably think about doing something else . " Virtually every jockey in Saturday 's field will be a paid-up professional , but Waley-Cohen -- who has about 30-40 rides a year -- is just happy to be competing with them . "  Sometimes I watch the pros in the races and wonder how I can compete with them , " he admits . "  They 're the best in the world , the best people that have ever ridden . It 's such a buzz to line up alongside them . "  And I 'm very lucky to have been able to do that because of my Dad . " Robert Waley-Cohen , son of the former Lord Mayor of London , owns the horses that Sam rides , and has enabled his son to pursue this hobby with , it has to be said , remarkable success . "  An amateur in horse racing , in fact in all sport , is quite rare now , " says Waley-Cohen Jr. "  As sport is more and more professional , it 's harder to compete . "  Can someone that does n't dedicate themselves to it day-to-day do it ? It 's a good question . I hope I 've proved it 's possible and I would n't say it 's the end of an era exactly , but it 's becoming more rare . Over the last 40 years there 's been less and less amateur jockeys . " National Hunt racing is a dangerous business . At last year 's Cheltenham Festival , JT McNamara was paralyzed after fracturing two vertebrae in a fall , while last month fellow Irishman Jason Maguire , the 2011 Grand National winner , was put into a medically induced coma after a fall . Those are a mere snapshot of the sport 's dangers , which makes the decision by an amateur , and one who became a parent for the first time last year , all the more surprising . "  I do n't go to the races thinking I 'm going to get hurt or that I 'm not going to come back , " Waley-Cohen says . "  If I felt like that I would n't do it . As for having a family , I think that makes it easier . It 's not the be-all and end-all anymore as you have a family to go back to afterwards . "  But there are tough days when you fall off and are trampled over and you wonder , ` What am I doing ? ' " The reason for this adrenalin junky 's desire to continue racing is often attributed to his brother Thomas , who died aged 20 in 2005 from Ewing 's sarcoma , a type of cancer . "  That 's not quite right . It was n't so much his death that drove me on but more the way that he lived his life , " explains Waley-Cohen , who still rides with his brother 's initials on his saddle . "  I think he 'd be surprised how I 've got on in the saddle , but he 'd love it as the rest of my family do . " Thomas would be rather more surprised with the business empire his brother has since built up . He is chief executive of Portman Healthcare , which has 20 dental practices across the UK . He employs 300 staff and has 200,000 patients in all . He is hoping to double those numbers in the next two years . It had been rumored on the circuit that the business began after he looked around the weighing room one race day and saw the battered teeth of his peers , but he dispels this as another myth . "  Actually , there 's a dentist 's surgery on the way to one of the racecourses and I remember thinking , ` Why is it only individual practices , why are n't there chains ? ' and it went from there , " he says . "  But it 's very similar to horse racing . In racing , I surround myself with the right horses ; in business I 've surrounded myself with the right people . " Portman , he says , takes up 99 % of his work time while his "  second job " is usually just for weekends except for events such as Cheltenham Festival and the current Grand National week at Aintree . Should he win in the chocolate and orange colors of his father , he will be the first amateur jockey to do so since 1990 , when journalist Marcus Armytage rode Mr. Frisk to victory . "  I believe I can win but that 's the beauty of the National as there will be 40 jockeys on the start line thinking the same thing , " Waley-Cohen says . "  You always need a bit of luck to get over those fences as there 's so many things that can happen . But I 'd say I have a great chance . " If victory is his , it will almost certainly come with a royal seal of approval . It was at his family 's 17th-century mansion that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were reunited during a party that he organized , having split in 2007 . Waley-Cohen attended their wedding in 2011 -- although he downplays the significance of his role in getting them back together -- and the Duchess was present when he was married later that year . "  Well , my comments on that have been taken out of context in the past so I 'll leave my role on that one there , " he says modestly . Whatever his role , Waley-Cohen is clearly a modern-day maverick , a man for all seasons .	Sam Waley-Cohen is credited with getting Prince William and Kate Middleton back together The amateur jockey will ride one of the favorites in Saturday 's prestigious Grand National But he also runs a multimillion-dollar dental business throughout the UK He rides with the initials of his dead brother in his saddle after his death from cancer
When it comes to finding a doctor , chances are you spend a lot more time worrying about your man , your kids , or your parents than yourself . After all , you 're strong enough to soldier through the occasional cold , right ? If this sounds like you , you 're not alone : In a recent survey , nearly a third of Americans who do n't have a primary care physician  PCP  said they did n't think they needed one . The truth is , we all do . Not only do people with a regular doc receive better overall care , but it 's easier for them to get an appointment on short notice -- helpful for reassurance on day-to-day health queries , and especially crucial if you should ever find yourself in a serious health crisis . "  Finding a doctor before you get sick is especially important now that more insurance plans are requiring that PCPs serve as gatekeepers for our medical needs , " says Trisha Torrey , author of "  You Bet Your Life : The Ten Mistakes Every Patient Makes " . Your mission : To locate an M.D. with great experience ; an organized , friendly office staff ; and , most of all , the ability to collaborate well with you  it is , after all , your body and health  . Here 's how . Health.com : Secrets women keep from their doctors Step 1 : Go to your network Your social network , that is . Start by asking your friends and family  and any doctors you have and like  for the names of their favorite docs . This method may seem unscientific , but in one recent survey , doctors ranked getting a recommendation from family or friends as the most valuable way for you to choose a good physician . Consider also checking an online doctor-rating site , like vitals.com or zocdoc.com . Just keep in mind that opinions from others may be a good gauge of a doctor 's bedside manner  which is indeed important  , but not necessarily a way to measure her medical ability . "  Friends who have had only annual checkups do n't have as good a sense of their doctors ' medical competence , so see if you can ask someone who 's had health trouble , " Torrey says . "  If they felt well-served by the doctor , that 's a better bet . " That was true for Abby Gardner , 36 , a New York City website editor : "  Recently , I noticed a spot on my chest . My friend suggested I see her doctor , Dr. Henry Lee . " Lee had found a melanoma on Gardner 's friend 's roommate , who raved about his care and professionalism . "  He not only checked the spot , but also found a mole on my thigh that turned out to be a melanoma , " she says . "  I was so glad to have a thorough doctor who caught it early . " If your friends do n't give you any good leads , contact your nearest academic medical center  a hospital linked to a medical school , also known as a teaching hospital  and ask for a referral . "  Those centers are usually highly rated , " says Lisa Rubenstein , M.D. , director of the VA/UCLA/RAND Center for the Study of Healthcare Provider Behavior . Health.com : What to do when you disagree with your doctor Step 2 : Check out her credentials There 's no need to limit yourself to doctors who graduated from the fanciest medical school around . What matters more , says Rubenstein : "  the hospital where they did their residency , and where they practice . " Two reasons why : A residency is where physicians get their on-the-job training , and the other M.D. 's they practice with seem to affect their clinical style more than where they went to school . Look for a doctor who is board-certified and affiliated with a reputable hospital  your insurance company 's website will generally list credentials and affiliations  , since , if you ever wind up being hospitalized , this will likely be the place you 'll go . "  Academic hospitals generally do better in terms of safety and patient outcomes than unaffiliated community hospitals , " says Rubenstein . Hospitalcompare.hhs.gov can help you assess the quality of hospitals in your area . Health.com : Want to skip the doctor ? Try this Step 3 : Vet the office You can find out some key details about a prospective doctor just by calling her . Start with how you 're greeted . If the receptionist treats you poorly , it may be a sign that the practice is n't respectful of patients in general , says Torrey . If the doctor and her staff are nice and professional , on the other hand , you will know that she runs a practice where patients are treated with respect . Health.com : How to have a great doctor-patient relationship Step 4 : Size her up in person Once you 're finally face-to-face with the M.D. , do a gut check . Do you feel comfortable ? Your health will benefit if you do : A recent study in the Journal of the American Board of Family Medicine found that patients who had empathetic , engaged physicians felt more supported and were better able to take charge of their own well-being . Last year , Brenda Avadian , of Los Angeles , went in search of a new primary care doctor because her last one was dismissive of her complaints of exhaustion . She vetted a prospective doc online , then set up an appointment . "  After an hour , I decided to switch to him , " says Avadian , 52 , who works in the caregiving industry . "  He really took time to listen to me . " Her new doctor ordered a complete blood panel , and within a couple of days , Avadian had a diagnosis : Her thyroid was sluggish . "  The problem could have gotten worse , " she says . "  It worked out because I found a doctor who really listens . " You may not get an hour with your prospective PCP the way Avadian did , but all you need is a few minutes to tell if she 's up to snuff . Rubenstein recommends that you bring three questions about your health issues , big or small , to your first appointment . As the doctor answers your queries , think to yourself : Does she explain things well ? Does she consult with me and give me time to ask follow-up questions ? A doctor who does these things -- and makes you feel comfortable -- just might be your perfect match .	Nearly a third of Americans who do n't have a PCP said they did n't think they needed one Ask for recommendations from your family or friends when trying to choose a physician What matters most is the hospital where they practice and where they did their residency
CNN  -- Facebook says it was recently hacked , though it says no data about its more than a billion users was compromised . The company described the "  sophisticated attack " in a blog post on Friday , saying it took place in January when a small number of employees visited a compromised website that installed malware on their machines . "  As soon as we discovered the presence of the malware , we remediated all infected machines , informed law enforcement and began a significant investigation that continues to this day , " Facebook Security said in the post . Facebook , the largest social network in the world , is the latest high-profile site to be hacked this year . Twitter announced a similar intrusion earlier this month , and major news organizations including The New York Times , Wall Street Journal and Washington Post have also admitted to being hacked . The news sites attributed the breaches to hackers working for the Chinese government , but neither Facebook nor Twitter mention China when describing their attacks . "  Facebook was not alone in this attack . It is clear that others were attacked and infiltrated recently as well , " said the blog post . "  As one of the first companies to discover this malware , we immediately took steps to start sharing details about the infiltration with the other companies and entities that were affected . " Unlike Twitter , Facebook said it has found no evidence that any user information was compromised . Twitter said that user names , encrypted passwords and e-mail addresses for as many as 250,000 users were potentially grabbed by the hackers . It reset passwords for all affected accounts . The string of hacks have primarily exploited vulnerabilities in the programming language Java , which is installed on most computers by default . Facebook said the site responsible for its attack took advantage of a previously unknown Java vulnerability , which Oracle patched on February 1 . In January , the Department of Homeland Security issued an alert about the security-challenged software and recommended people turn it off on their computers . Apple turned off Java by default for its OS X users as a precaution . Full instructions on how to disable Java on any computer can be found on Oracle 's website . If you must use Java , make sure that you have downloaded the latest updates , which include key security patches . Facebook said it will continue to work with law enforcement and others in the industry to prevent future attacks .	Facebook says it was hacked in January when employees visited a compromised website The social network has found no evidence that any user data was obtained by the hackers This is latest in a string of high-profile hacks this year
EW.com  -- The premiere of "  Dallas " â $ " TNT 's reboot of the classic series â $ " averaged 6.8 million viewers on Wednesday , making it the No. 1 scripted series premiere on all of cable so far this year . TNT , as a result , was the No. 1 network among basic cable Wednesday . The show that stars Larry Hagman , Linda Gray , Jesse Metcalfe and Jordana Brewster lured 1.9 million adults 18-49 and 2.4 million adults 25-54 . See the full article at EW.com . For more see : ` Dallas ' returns : What 's the verdict ? ` Dallas ' makes a comeback - what other shows do you want to return ? CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	TNT 's reboot of the classic series "  Dallas " averaged 6.8 million viewers Wednesday It was the No. 1 scripted series premiere on all of cable so far this year The show attracted 1.9 million adults 18-49 and 2.4 million adults 25-54
CNN  -- My friend Brian Hull and I were both born 40 years ago today . Our lives overlapped for six years , from those first terrifying weeks of seventh grade through high school graduation . Then , like many of the friends you meet in those horrible , wonderful years , I never saw or talked to him again . We did n't start out as friends ; we started out as nothing . He was a guy in my math class who wore nice clothes and hung out with the other cool kids at lunch . I ran in different circles and had zero interaction with him up until the day we found out we had the same birthday . That day , our math teacher , Mr. Sweitzer , had us go around the room and say our birthdays out loud to demonstrate a point about probability , that in a classroom of 30 people , there 's a good chance that two of them have the same birthday . In our class , it was me and Brian . Once we discovered this connection , I turned to look at him , and he gave me a slight head nod as he raised a confident fist in the air and let out one of his characteristic low chuckles . After class , we talked briefly about where we were born and at what time of day . That day , we became birthday friends . Over time , we became friends . Brian was an easy person to like . He was a quiet and stoic leader , which on first blush could make him seem aloof or arrogant . Though he could be stingy with his words and often spoke in a low , monotone voice that adults often interpret as deep apathy , he was articulate and witty and thoughtful about the many things in the world that interested him . On top of that , he was really smart . One day in ninth-grade Spanish class , he rebelled against Miss Kahn 's selected topic of conversation and instead suggested that we discuss the ongoing battle over Robert Bork 's nomination to the Supreme Court . In Spanish . I admired how he was passionate about a wide range of things , like politics and philosophy and religion and the environment and the Grateful Dead . I admired how he never seemed to have an unsure or awkward moment . To this day , when I 'm in an uncomfortable social situation , I 'll wonder , "  How would Brian Hull handle this ? " I saw this quality in him tested , maybe even stretched to the limit , in our junior year . Brian and I were still in many of the same classes , but for whatever reason , he seemed less and less engaged in school . I imagine that a common refrain in the teachers ' lounge when it came to Brian was that he was smart but did n't apply himself . He missed a lot of classes ; I do n't know why . I just assumed at the time that it was because being popular was a full-time job . From what I could piece together from movies and TV , it looked exhausting . Whatever the reason , the absences and missed assignments were taking a toll , and things came to a head in English class . I overheard the teacher tell him how serious the situation had become , and how critical the upcoming exam on "  Oedipus Rex " would be . I knew he had n't read the book and had n't been in enough of the class discussions to fake it , so I offered to study with him . I had my own problems at the time , but helping him was a welcome distraction , a concrete action I could take when I felt powerless over other parts of my life . So we went over every mother-loving detail of that miserable Greek tragedy . In the movie version , this is where I would say that he aced that exam and got his act together and excelled at everything he did thereafter , and it was all because of a little help from his friend who was born on the same day . The reality is that I have no recollection of how he did on that exam or how he did in English or in any of his other classes that year , or what role I might have played in refocusing him . Still , inside the pages of my yearbook , he wrote a note thanking me for all the help . I do know that he eventually pulled things together and that we both survived high school and moved on with our lives . I do n't remember the last time I saw him or the last conversation we had . But I knew he had started college and focused on his loves of both philosophy and the environment . On the night of October 22 , 1995 , Brian James Hull was struck and killed by a drunken driver as he and his roommate walked to a convenience store to buy charcoal . His friend was also killed . By that time , I had graduated from college and was living out-of-state . I missed the news . When I did finally hear , after the initial shock , my mind kept drifting to all the birthdays he was n't going to have . Brian was only 22 when he died . This is the 18th birthday he 's missed . I 've thought about him at each one . I think about whatever is going on in my life at the time , and how trivial it all suddenly seems . I think about the man Brian would have become . By age 40 , Brian Hull might have become a university professor or a successful entrepreneur or maybe an author . His argumentative streak would have made him a great lawyer . He 'd probably be married , and maybe a father of kids who would quickly come to appreciate the Grateful Dead . And he would have excelled at all these things . When I think about him today , I wish I had gotten to know him better . He wrote in my yearbook junior year , "  I 'll give you a call over the summer , and maybe we can go play a championship-like tennis match at a court within close proximity . Have a thoroughly stimulating summer , and I hope to see you over it . " We never played tennis , and we never saw each other over that summer . Life has a way of intervening . Earlier this month , I visited Brian 's final resting place for the first time to pay my respects in person . It 's a very strange feeling to see your date of birth written on a headstone . It gives you a sense of your own mortality . It makes you think about the life you have and how you are living it . When I think about him today , I wonder who the other Brians in my life are right now -- am I squandering any opportunities to play tennis with them or see them over the summer ? And because of Brian , I try to make an effort to do something about it , albeit sometimes with more gusto than others . All these years since our friendship began in Mr. Sweitzer 's class , I thank him for that lesson .	CNN 's Robert Yoon shared a birthday with his schoolmate Brian Hull Yoon thought they had little in common , but a friendship slowly formed The pair promised to stay in contact after school ended but life got in the way When Hull died at age 22 , Yoon realized friendship is a treasure to be preserved
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Masks beneath masks , the click-clack of Mahjong tiles and the sheen of silk cheongsams : Taiwanese director Ang Lee  "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon " ; "  Brokeback Mountain "  brings an intoxicating tale of lies , deceit and corruption to the screen with his latest film , "  Lust , Caution " . Tony Leung Chiu-Wai and Tang Wei star in Ang Lee 's latest film , "  Lust , Caution " Japanese-occupied Shanghai , 1942 . Mrs Mak , an impeccably coiffed Chinese lady , makes a telephone call from a cafe , then sits and waits . Cue a flashback to 1938 , where her story begins . Mrs Mak is not the sophisticate she appears -- just a few years earlier , she was shy drama student Wong Chia Chi . Ang Lee 's adaptation of Eileen Chang 's short story tells the tale of a girl caught up in the winds of change of World War II . The fast-paced erotic thriller tracks Wong Chia Chi 's transformation from bookish student to collaborator bait . The film has already received wide acclaim , winning Lee his second Golden Lion at Venice with a Golden Globe nomination for Best Foreign Language Film already in the bag . "  Lust , Caution " cleaned up at Taiwan 's Golden Horse awards , scooping seven trophies including Best Film , Best Director , Best Actor , which went to Tony Leung Chiu Wai , and Best Newcomer , for Wei Tang . Wei Tang plays Wong Chia Chi , a student in Hong Kong whose fate is set when she meets Kuang Yu Min  Lee-hom Wang  , a handsome fellow student who wants to use drama to provoke his compatriots to rebel against the Japanese . As Kuang 's leading lady , Wong Chia Chi blossoms , but when Kuang urges his fellow players to move from inspiration to action , she finds herself at the center of a plot to ensnare and murder Japanese collaborator Mr Yee  Tony Leung Chiu Wai  . Dressed in cheongsams and primped and curled to perfection , Wong Chia Chi sets out on the biggest role of her life . As Mrs Mak , she gains Lee 's trust through his wife , and the plot progresses as planned until an unexpectedly fatal twist spurs her to flee . Cut to Shanghai three years later : Wong Chia Chi is caught in a listless existence when Kuang unexpectedly re-enters her life . He lures her back into the unfinished sting operation , and before long she and Mr Lee , now head of the collaborationist secret service , are engaged in a torrid affair that pushes her soul and her loyalty to the limit . Newcomer Wei Tang gives a startlingly assured and subtle performance . At times , she seems to mirror Wong Chia Chi 's transformation into Mrs Mak from dowdy student to rouged mistress , but she rises to the challenge and ably carries the film on her slender shoulders . As she is thrust into the spotlight by Kuang , stripped mechanically of her virginity in readiness for her role as temptress , and placed alongside Mr Lee , Wei Tang , with serene stillness , lets Wong Chia Chi be swept along to her final destiny . Every diamond demands the right setting to sparkle , and Tony Leung Chiu Wai 's generous performance as the enigmatic Mr Lee lets his co-star shine . Leung is pitch-perfect , and shows his quality as he lets Lee 's beautifully impassive mask shift and slip , revealing a tightly-wound coil of repressed emotion beneath . Leung is remarkable : a highly skilled actor capable of expressing a world of emotion in the smallest muscle movement . The audience is left to imagine the horrors he unleashes during his interrogations of Chinese resistance fighters . The already-infamous sex scenes can appear a little clumsy and contorted at times , less intimate than acrobatic ; it 's when Tony Leung Chiu Wai and Wei Tang sit in silence that they most project how intimate and electric their connection really is . The lead characters are ably supported by a stirling cast , most notably a splendidly nuanced performance from Joan Chen as Mrs Lee , forced to turn a blind eye to her husband 's affairs , both in business and of the heart , while Asian pop superstar Wang Leehom gives a convincing and impassioned performance as romantic , ruthless Kuang . As for the ambience , Ang Lee is known for his attention to detail , and at times the 30s luxe and glamour is perhaps a little too perfect , a little too glossy , with a depth of style usually reserved for more placid period pieces .  Note for fashionistas : while "  Atonement " might inspire a 2008 trend for bias-cut 30s dresses , "  Lust , Caution " will add perfectly formed cloche hats and cocktail rings to the mix . But this chilling , thrilling film-noir-inspired tale is both poised and elegant , bloody and erotic ; if not quite a diamond the size of a quail 's egg , "  Lust , Caution " is certainly a precious pearl of a movie . E-mail to a friend	Ang Lee 's latest film , "  Lust , Caution " is a film-noir spy tale set in Shanghai "  Lust , Caution " is the follow-up to 2005 's Oscar-winning "  Brokeback Mountain " Asian cinema icon Tony Leung Chiu-Wai and newcomer Wei Tang star Too perfect in parts , with OTT sex scenes , the film is still a killer thriller
If Republicans do n't wield their congressional majority next year to pass immigration reform legislation , a GOP takeover of the White House in 2016 will be "  difficult , if not impossible , " Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said during a CNN interview released on Sunday . Graham , a Republican who has long-favored comprehensive immigration reform , said he believes the GOP has hurt itself with Hispanic voters due to its resistance to reforming the current system . And without a major change , Democrats will get another four years in the Oval Office , Graham told CNN 's Dana Bash on "  State of the Union . " "  If we do n't at least make a down payment on solving the problem and rationally dealing with the 11 million -LSB- illegal immigrants believed to be in the U.S. -RSB- , if we become the party of self-deportation in 2015 and 2016 , then the chance of winning the White House I think is almost non-existent , " he said . But Graham , who is mulling a 2016 presidential run , slammed President Barack Obama 's executive action last month to safeguard as many as 5 million undocumented immigrants . He accused the President of "  acting in a rogue fashion " for "  political reasons . " Republicans , though , need to "  do more than just fight the executive order , " he added . Graham supports giving a pathway to citizenship to the so-called DREAMers -- undocumented immigrants who crossed into the U.S. illegally as children and have lived in the U.S. since . And in 2014 , Graham showed the political viability of his position by successfully beating back a tough primary challenge in his conservative state by reaffirming -- rather than running away from -- his stance on immigration . "  If the Republican Party can not muster the political courage to deal with the DREAM Act children in a fair and balanced way after we secure our border , that says a a lot about the Republican Party 's future regarding the Hispanic community , " Graham said . "  I do n't believe most Americans would fault the Republican Party if we allowed children who have been here since they 're babies to assimilate into society with a pathway to citizenship after we secure our borders . " Graham was one of the most ardent supporters of a bipartisan immigration bill he helped negotiate in 2013 that passed the Senate but did not get a vote in the House . The bill would have bolstered border security and created a path to citizenship for millions -- many of whom are now getting temporary relief under Obama 's executive action . And while Graham 's name did n't make the cut in the latest CNN/ORC poll , another candidate who supports immigration reform is leading a crowded field of potential Republican presidential candidates . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush snagged 23 % of Republican support in the survey released Sunday . While Graham said Bush would be "  an excellent candidate " who could win the presidency in 2016 , he insisted the race for the Republican nomination is still "  wide open . " RELATED : Jeb Bush says he has ` no problem ' defending expanding immigration "  It 's like preseason polling in football . You really do n't know , do the pads connect ? But I think it 's good news for Jeb Bush at least initially , " Graham said . Graham has n't yet decided on a 2016 run , which he will consider more seriously next year , but he did tout his "  unique " qualifications to be President in a period of tumultuous global affairs . "  I think over the last several years I 've been more right than wrong when it comes to foreign policy , that the next President of the United States has got a world on fire , " Graham said . "  I think I have a unique capability to do things like that . " Graham suspects China involved in Sony attack	Sen. Lindsey Graham says Republicans need to tackle immigration reform in order to win the White House in 2016 He has not yet decided if he will make a bid for the GOP nomination
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and House Speaker John Boehner met over the weekend as part of ongoing negotiations on an agreement to reduce the country 's deficit , a Republican official told CNN late Tuesday . Also Obama said Tuesday he invited Democratic and Republican leaders from both chambers of Congress to the White House for a meeting Thursday to discuss deficit reduction and the need to raise the federal debt ceiling . Obama said he wanted the meeting to "  build on the work that 's already been done and drive toward a final agreement " that would address expanding federal deficits and bring congressional approval for increasing how much money the government can borrow . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , who earlier invited Obama to come to Congress to discuss the issue , will attend the White House meeting , his office announced . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid also plans to attend . Boehner indicated that he will take part but warned that Congress will not accept tax increases sought by Obama and Democrats . "  I 'm happy to discuss these issues at the White House , but such discussions will be fruitless until the president recognizes economic and legislative reality , " Boehner , R-Ohio , said in a statement . He added , "  I 'm pleased the president stated today that we need to address the big , long-term challenges facing our country . " According to Obama , who made an unscheduled appearance in the White House briefing room , talks on deficit reduction over the Fourth of July weekend with congressional leaders from both parties made progress , but "  we still have to work through some real differences . " Both parties need to come out of their "  comfort zone , " Obama said . But "  this should not come down to the last second . " White House spokesman Jay Carney later said Obama believes that everyone knows the issues involved in forging a comprehensive agreement to reduce federal deficits by as much as $ 4 trillion in the coming decade . Now it is time make hard decisions , with both sides compromising in order to reach an agreement that benefits the nation as a whole , Carney said . "  The ideal will never become law , whether you 're a conservative House Republican or a liberal Democrat or the president of the United States , " Carney said . "  You 're never going to get everything you want , because our system does n't work like that . " The Senate returned to work Tuesday , cutting short the planned weeklong Fourth of July recess , with its leaders resuming their tough talk on negotiations to cut federal deficits amid a looming deadline to raise the government 's debt ceiling . The three-day Fourth of July weekend did little to change the rhetoric of recent weeks over deficit reduction talks and the need for Congress to increase the amount of money the government can borrow . In his opening remarks after the Senate reconvened , Reid , D-Nevada , accused Republicans of putting the nation 's economic recovery at risk by threatening to oppose an increase in how much money the government can borrow . McConnell , R-Kentucky , followed Reid by accusing Democrats of wanting to increase spending to solve a deficit problem . Before Obama 's invitation , McConnell repeated an invitation for Obama to come to Congress and hear from Republicans why they wo n't support any agreement that includes tax increases . Reid said his side was willing to compromise but would not allow Republicans to put the needs of "  a few millionaires and billionaires " ahead of the rest of the country . With House members scheduled to return Wednesday , congressional leaders remain at sharp odds over what sort of conditions should be attached to a hike in the current $ 14.3 trillion ceiling . Republicans are refusing to go along with any increase unless it includes deep spending cuts and avoids any tax increases . Democrats are trying to minimize the impact of cuts to social services and are calling for the elimination to certain tax breaks and loopholes benefiting wealthier Americans . Treasury Department officials and leading economists have warned of potentially catastrophic consequences if the ceiling is not raised by August 2 , at which point the country could default on its debt obligations . Among other things , the country could face skyrocketing interest rates and a plummeting dollar . Increasing the debt ceiling will allow the government to borrow more money in order to pay for spending already accrued . Given the short time frame , Congress and the White House may be forced to agree to a relatively small increase in the debt ceiling covering only a few months . Such a compromise -- including cuts already agreed to on both sides of the aisle -- would give leaders more time to negotiate serious budget reforms , including possible changes to popular entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid . However , Obama said he 's opposed to a short-term increase in the debt ceiling . "  I do n't think the American people sent us here to avoid tough problems , " Obama said . The debt ceiling dispute is a " ` unique opportunity to do something big " and put the "  economy on a stronger footing for the future . " Over the weekend , top Democrats and Republicans gave no public indication that a potential compromise is in the offing . Talks led by Vice President Joe Biden recently collapsed over the tax dispute . "  The principle of not raising taxes is something that we campaigned on last November , and the results of the election was the American people do n't want their taxes raised and they wanted us to cut spending , " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  They do n't want compromise . " Various frameworks for a possible deal have been floated . Conservatives demand deep spending cuts , caps on future spending and a balanced budget amendment to the U.S. Constitution in return for their support to raise the debt ceiling . Both the House and Senate are planning votes on a balanced budget amendment in coming weeks . However , with such an amendment requiring approval from a two-thirds majority in both chambers and then ratification by at least 38 states , eventual approval is unclear in a process that can take years . For his part , Obama has chided congressional Republicans for refusing to make "  tough decisions " at odds with their conservative base . He calls for what he characterizes as a balanced approach to deficit reduction that includes more revenue for education , infrastructure and clean energy , areas he considers critical to long-term economic growth . The Democratic position includes spending cuts elsewhere , including the military , as well as reforms to popular entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid , the government-run health care programs for senior citizens , the disabled and the indigent . Republicans seek more sweeping entitlement reforms that Democrats contend would eliminate the safety net the programs were intended to provide . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Alan Silverleib , Brianna Keilar , Kate Bolduan and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	White House spokesman says neither side will get everything they want Senate leaders renew tough talk as the chamber reconvenes Officials warn debt ceiling must be increased by August 2 to avoid risk of default
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A major search and rescue operation is underway after two cargo ships collided off the coast of Hong Kong early Monday . One man was plucked from the water by a passing fishing boat but 11 others are missing , according to Hong Kong police . The rescued man , a 46-year-old Chinese national , is being treated at a Hong Kong hospital , where his condition is stable . The accident happened at around 2.30 a.m. local time when the Marshall Islands-registered MOL Motivator , a 300-meter long container ship , collided with a smaller Chinese vessel , the Zhong Xing 2 . The incident occurred three nautical miles southwest of Po Toi island , Marine Police told CNN . The smaller ship , believed to be transporting cement at the time , then sank with its crew of 12 , police said . The MOL Motivator was leaving for Yantian in China 's southern Guangdong Province from Hong Kong , according to local media reports . The Guangdong Maritime Rescue Coordination Center is coordinating the search effort , though a helicopter and a number of rescue vessels from Hong Kong are part of the operation . Cargo ships collide outside of Tokyo Bay	300-meter container ship collided with smaller vessel off Hong Kong One survivor , 11 others still missing , police say Incident happened in the early hours of Monday
Istanbul  CNN  -- Several thousand opponents of new Internet filtering rules , set to take effect in Turkey in August , marched in protest in Istanbul on Sunday . Demonstrators carried signs in Turkish and English reading "  Do n't touch my Internet " and "  We do n't need protection , " while they chanted slogans against website censorship . Internet users must choose among four filtering options , including family , children , domestic or standard settings , as a part of Turkey 's "  Safe Internet Service . " The regulations are designed to protect children from indecent online content , according to BTK , the prime minister 's information technology board . Critics argue that it is not clear how the filtering system will work . The marchers stopped several times to stage brief sit-ins during the two-hour route from the Taksim Square to the end of Istiklal Street . Organizers claimed the marcher numbered in the "  thousands , " which appeared to be accurate to a CNN reporter on the scene . The new filtering rules will be enforced beginning August 22 , the government said . A "  Enemies of the Internet " report issued this month by Reporters Without Borders included Turkey on its 2011 list of "  countries under surveillance . " The BTK was "  not fooling anyone when it claims to be rendering a service to Internet users by giving them a choice between a lot of restrictions and fewer restrictions , " the report said . Turkey already blocks more than 7,000 websites , "  in most cases without reference to any court , " the report said .	Turkish officials say filtering is needed to protect kids from Web content "  We do n't need protection , " marchers ' signs say Turkey rules "  not fooling anyone , " journalism group report says
CNN  -- It 's a 12-year-old oft-mocked clunker of an automobile . Brenton Netz has made a side business out of fixing up Geo Metros and selling them locally and on eBay . But Marci Solomon is hoping she 'll be the one laughing -- all the way to the bank -- when her Geo Metro saves her from skyrocketing gas prices . Solomon , like many others , was taking a huge hit when it came to gas prices . With her 100-mile commute to and from work each day , she saw no end in sight . Then she rediscovered the Geo Metro . "  I used to be a car snob , and I used to be too vain to drive anything that does n't shine , " said Solomon , an electrician . "  But now it 's about , do I want to eat , or do I want to make it to work ? I want to do both . " The Metro has been making a huge comeback , especially on eBay , where Solomon bought the car , because of its extremely high gas mileage . The 1996 Metro 's average of 40 miles per gallon nears that of the hybrid 2008 Toyota Prius -- priced at $ 21,000 for the cheapest model -- and bests most current cars by a long shot , according to government ratings . Older models of the Geo Metro , specifically cars from 1991 and the XFi edition , have the same average as the hybrid . See how the Geo Metro stacks up with the Toyota Prius " Solomon toyed with the idea of purchasing a Prius but decided that for a price of $ 7,300 , the Metro was the more economical option . For the most part , Solomon plans on using the car for commuting from her home in Rochester , Washington , to her job . The vehicle she has now , a Honda Element , was getting 28 mpg , and she was filling up twice a week , costing her nearly $ 100 . Stations were charging $ 3.97 a gallon in her area Tuesday , she said . iReport : Tell us how high gas prices are affecting you The Metro is an investment in the future , Solomon said , even if she did pay more than five times the Blue Book value of the car . "  It was all about saving money , " she said . "  I do n't think gas is ever going to go down , and these are going to be the types of solutions we have to turn to . I wanted to beat the rush . " The rush may have begun . The 1996 2-door 3-cylinder Metro Solomon now owns opened on eBay May 7 with a bid of $ 200 . A week later , Solomon won the car auction with a bid of $ 7,300 . In 1995 , a new Metro hatchback sold for about $ 9,000 , according to Auto Mall USA . In May alone , 43 Metros of various years and models were sold on eBay , ranging in price from $ 221.50 to Solomon 's bid of $ 7,300 . The cars have been hot items , drawing upwards of 49 bids on certain vehicles , with many of the auctions coming down to last-second bidding wars . On Tuesday morning , 34 Metros were still up for grabs . Since her eBay purchase , Solomon has acquired another Metro , which she is considering flipping on eBay for profit . She has her eye on a third at a local car lot . "  To be honest , I 'm thinking of scarfing up any Geo Metro I can find , " she said . Solomon is n't alone in trying to profit off of a gas-saving craze . Brenton Netz has been selling fixed-up Metros and Ford Festivas for two years now . After buying a Metro on Craigslist in Montana and driving it back to his home in St. Cloud , Minnesota , Netz realized how rarely he was making trips to the pump . "  I thought the gas gauge was broken , " Netz said . "  I could n't believe the gas mileage I was getting . " He realized that he had stumbled upon a possible side business and began buying one-way tickets to states in the West to purchase as many of the cars as he could . Netz said he has sold about a dozen cars and has eight more sitting in his backyard . His cars go up for sale only one at a time because he knows that putting up a couple at a time would drive down the value and cut into his profit . Netz says consumers do n't seem to mind paying more than the retail value , and if they do , they generally stop feeling that way after they pick up the cars . He 's gotten phone calls and e-mails from customers saying how thrilled they are with the mileage . It seems , Netz said , people are beginning to realize that their car choices need to be focused more on practicality than status and appearance . "  Gas prices are definitely driving increased popularity in the Metro , which at times was n't cool , " he said . "  Now the coolness factor is stemming from the fact that you 're getting 50 miles per gallon and never having to fill up . "	Marci Solomon bought 1996 Geo Metro for $ 7,300 Solomon 's old car got 28 miles per gallon ; Metro averages 40 Brandon Netz has side business finding , fixing and selling Metros , Festivas Solomon : "  It 's about , do I want to eat , or do I want to make it to work ? "
CNN  -- The Florida A&M University president 's resignation went into effect Monday after the school 's board of trustees accepted his request to step down from the job immediately . President James Ammons originally said in a resignation letter that he would retire in October . His departure comes more than seven months after a drum major for the university band died following a hazing incident . Robert Champion , 26 , died after being beaten during a hazing ritual on a band bus after a football game in Orlando , Florida . Champion 's family said last week that "  the rampant culture of hazing found at FAMU would not and could not be eradicated without some major housecleaning of those who turned a blind eye to the problem . " Ammons waived a 90-day notice of resignation Monday that would have kept him on staff through October . In June , the trustees passed a no-confidence motion in Ammons ' performance by an 8-4 vote . "  I hear you loudly and clearly , " Ammons told the board at the time . "  I understand there are some measures that I have to take as president of this university to fix things , and I am going to fix them . " The university 's board plans to appoint Provost Larry Robinson as interim president , but he is subject to confirmation at the next board meeting in August . The board agreed to the delay Monday in order to give members time to get to know Robinson better . The provost is automatically next in line to become head of the university , as part of the university 's plan of succession . At Monday 's meeting , some board members requested time to consider additional candidates and research Robinson 's background . Robinson has a doctorate in nuclear chemistry and has taught in the university 's Environmental Sciences Institute . His research interests include environmental chemistry and environmental policy and management , according to a biography posted on the university 's website .	NEW : The university 's provost is next in line to become president The Florida A&M University president 's resignation is effective immediately James Ammons had said he would retire in October The resignation follows a band member 's hazing death
Hong Kong  CNN  -- If new is a necessity , tech is your god and money no object then a $ 10,000 Vertu smartphone will probably catch your eye . The British-based luxury mobile phone maker unveiled the Vertu Ti this week . Its sapphire-crystal screen is virtually scratchproof , says the company , while a titanium casing helps keep data safe and sound . But in this 21st century mobile phone paradigm in which consumers buy a new phone every few years -- and where new products roll out every year  or even less  -- does it make sense to splurge on a swank smartphone with a price tag closer to that of a small car or several months ' apartment rent ? "  If you are interested in something which is different , unique " then this device might be for you , said Vertu CEO Perry Oosting to CNN 's Nina dos Santos . The Vertu Ti  pronounced "  tee-eye "  emphasizes the value of "  durable " over "  disposable " materials that a consumer might expect from the luxury category , added Oosting . "  More the touch and the feel and the sensory experience . " And with the sensory experience comes luxury services that go beyond that of a mainstream smartphone including a concierge service at the push of a button and encrypted voice calls to protect your company trade secrets . Yet another selling point is the software that powers the Ti . Former Vertu phones ran on the now-passÃ © Symbian software . The Vertu Ti , meanwhile , runs on an Android operating system in a sign of its separation from former parent company Nokia . The flailing Finnish mobile giant lost $ 2.7 billion in the first nine months of 2012 and announced last June that it would sell Vertu to private equity group EQT VI . "  We live in a world where there 's open operating systems that are quite open to use , " explained Oosting on the new angle to Android . "  Android is just delivering great software . It 's very democratic . " But while the operating system is open to all , the costly Vertu clearly is not . Around the world , only about 320,000 Vertu smartphones have been sold , said CNN 's dos Santos , a number that pales in comparison to Samsung and Apple , the global smartphone market leaders . For all of 2012 , Samsung sold more than 215 million smartphones for a 30.3 % global market share and top ranking , according to IDC Worldwide . Apple sold nearly 136 million smartphones in 2012 for a 19.1 % slice of global market share . Even Vertu 's former parent company Nokia sold more than 35 million smartphones last year . But Vertu 's CEO simply says he does not envisage the masses talking and texting on a Ti . "  Absolutely not . That 's never our drive . We 're not after market share . We 're not after high quantities , " said Oosting . "  We want to deliver an authentic , made in Hampshire , made by one person , a unique proposition that is a true sensory experience in terms of the experience of the device . " And consumers who buy the Ti will surely want to avoid losing their pricy purchase . Then again , if they can afford one , they might be well-positioned to afford a replacement .	Vertu Ti boasts sapphire-crystal screen , titanium casing $ 10,000 price tag includes personal concierge service , voice encrypted calls CEO Oosting : "  We 're not after market share " CNN 's dos Santos : Only 320,000 Vertu smartphones have been sold
Never underestimate the healing power of a good nap . A 91-year-old woman in Poland was declared dead November 6 and sent to a funeral home , only to wake up 11 hours later in cold storage , CNN 's Polish affiliate TVN reported . Now she 's home and doing fine . The doctor went to the home of Janina Kolkiewicz in the town of Ostrow Lubelski on November 6 after her family said she 'd stopped breathing , TVN reported . "  I checked the pulse on the forearm artery , carotid artery also , " the doctor told TVN . "  I listened to the heart , to the breathing . I also examined the pupils . There were no reflexes . Typical symptoms of death . " The doctor signed the death certificate , and Kolkiewicz 's family began planning services , according to TVN . Then the funeral home called . Authorities are trying to find out what happened . "  We are investigating whether the doctor exposed the woman to imminent danger of loss of life , as the lady was moved to a funeral home and kept in cold storage , " Beata Syk-Jankowska , a spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's office in Lublin , told TVN .	A doctor in Poland declared a 91-year-old woman dead , CNN affiliate TVN says But 11 hours later she woke up in a funeral home , according to TVN Authorities are investigating to find out what happened
AMMAN , Jordan  CNN  -- In the sunbathed schoolyard of the Shmisani Institute for Girls in Amman , Jordan , principal Sanaa Abu Harb makes an announcement over the speaker system . Iraqi students at the Shmisani school in Amman gather around a teacher . One in 5 students there is Iraqi . "  All Iraqi girls come outside now . All Iraqi girls . Iraqi girls only ! " she repeats several times , making sure the message is clear and waving away Jordanian pupils attracted by the commotion . Dozens of girls in green apron-like uniforms pour out into the courtyard and cluster on the top level of a stone staircase overlooking a concrete playground . Harb wants the CNN crew to see how many Iraqi refugee girls her school is accommodating . This school year , she says , 145 students are Iraqi -- roughly 20 percent of the students at this state-funded institution -- with another 40 Iraqi children on a waiting list . Watch Iraqi girls describe a long way from home " The reason behind the jump in the number of Iraqis at the school is a new government policy : For the first time since the start of the Iraq war , Jordan is allowing all Iraqi children -- regardless of refugee status -- to enroll in state-funded schools . Simply , this means that even illegal refugees with no paperwork can send their kids to school with no questions asked . The move is cementing a massive population shift in the Middle East . More than 2.2 million Iraqis have fled the violence in their homeland , most of them seeking refuge in neighboring Jordan and Syria , according to humanitarian officials . Jordanian Minister of Education Khalid Touqan says he expects Jordan to accommodate 40,000 to 50,000 Iraqi students this year . That 's more than double the number of Iraqi children enrolled in public school two years ago . Harb , on the front line of the phenomenon , says the influx is putting a strain on her school . Even with some U.N. and U.S. aid to Jordan , there 's still not enough money . "  We need more teachers here , more resources , more buildings , more chairs for all Iraqi students and our students , " she says . In a nearby neighborhood , in the study room of the Ahmed Toukan School for Boys , a handful of Iraqi kids talk of their experience living far from home . Seated at a rectangular table covered with a red and white tablecloth , the boys tell stories of horror and displacement . Eighteen-year-old Qutaiba lost five immediate family members before moving to Jordan to try to live a normal life . Matter-of-factly and with a straight-ahead stare , he repeats the number : "  Five members . " Most of the boys and young men from Iraq have missed several years of school -- up to a four-year educational gap that will delay not only their high school graduation , but also their entry into the workforce . All say , though , that they feel lucky to have gotten out , even if the violence in their country means always having to be on the move , ready to live far from home and away from loved ones . "  It 's not strange for me to be in the middle of people I do n't know , " says eleventh grader Ziad Tarek Al Shamsi . "  I had friends in Iraq when I was small , I left them . In America , I left them . I came here , I left them . " He pauses : "  But you have to miss your country . " The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates up to 250,000 school-age Iraqi children are in Jordan . Many of them are enrolled in private institutions . But as families run out of money they had when they left Iraq , they turn to public schools . Even so , more than a month into the new academic year , fewer Iraqi families than first anticipated enrolled their kids in schools this year . According to the charity Save the Children , 21,000 Iraqi children have so far enrolled in Jordanian classrooms . As a result , the government extended the deadline for student applications and cut down on the required paperwork for Iraqi families . The lower registration numbers were attributed in part to illegal refugees ' fears of being identified through their children 's school records . Regardless of what the final number will be this year , the population shift in the Middle East is , according to UNHCR head Antonio Guterres , the largest urban refugee situation in the world . Iraqi families are changing the social fabric of Jordanian society . About 10 percent of Jordan 's population is now made up of Iraqi refugees -- the estimates range from 500,000 to 750,000 of them . The schoolchildren are living examples of how the Iraq war may permanently change the Middle East . "  Iraqi children will be incorporated and integrated within our mainstream line of education , " says Touqan , the education minister . "  We will not run a parallel system of education . " E-mail to a friend	Jordan opens school doors to all Iraqi children , regardless of refugee status Principal says her school is 20 percent Iraqi this year Education minister : Iraqi kids will be incorporated into "  mainstream " life One student says he lost five family members in Iraq
CNN  -- Forget about football . We 're ready for the Super Bowl commercials . One in particular has already piqued our interest . It stars three of our favorite '90s guys : Bob Saget , Dave Coulier and John Stamos . Yes , that 's right . The Super Bowl on February 2 will feature a mini - "  Full House " reunion . The three actors , who starred on the popular ABC sitcom from 1987 to 1995 , will appear in an ad spot for Dannon Oikos yogurt . A teaser for the commercial has already been released and hints the ad will poke fun at the three men still living together after all these years . On the series , Saget played a single dad of three girls who relied on his friends and housemates , played by Coulier  "  Uncle Joey "  and Stamos  "  Uncle Jesse "  to help him out with parenting . In a behind-the-scenes video , Stamos  who 's already a spokesman for the Dannon brand  says he thinks the ad wo n't leave "  Full House " fans disappointed . "  I 'm very grateful to my two brothers for doing this commercial with us for Dannon , " Stamos says , "  and I think it 's going to be really funny . People are going to be very surprised . "	Three stars from "  Full House " are going to appear in a Super Bowl commercial John Stamos , Bob Saget and Dave Coulier have filmed a Dannon Oikos ad spot The teaser for the ad jokes that the three are still living together after all these years
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi government has aired videos showing three men , who claim to be members of the ousted Baath Party , saying they were involved in last month 's devastating Baghdad attacks . In recent months the Iraqi government has played a number of such videos for reporters . Many Iraqis have voiced skepticism about their authenticity . In the videos shown Sunday , the men said they were Baath Party members who were involved in planning and executing the October 25 bombings at government buildings . The two suicide vehicle bombings that struck the Ministry of Justice and other government buildings in October killed 160 Iraqis and wounded more than 500 . It was Iraq 's deadliest attack in more than two years . The attacks mirrored a pair of bombings on August 19 at the Foreign and Finance Ministries that killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds more . The Islamic State in Iraq , an umbrella group that includes al Qaeda in Iraq , claimed responsibility for both the August and October attacks . The Iraqi government has said both attacks were a coordinated effort by Baath loyalists and al Qaeda in Iraq . In recent weeks , the government and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki have stepped up the anti-Baath rhetoric ahead of the country 's upcoming national elections , an escalation that some fear is a political ploy to keep some Sunni Arab candidates from running in the elections . Sunni Arabs -- a minority in now-Shiite-led Iraq -- dominated Saddam Hussein 's Baath Party , which ran the country for decades and persecuted majority Shiites and minority Kurds . The party is illegal in Iraq now , and most of its former mid - and high-level officials are banned from government jobs . In an interview with al-Iraqia State TV on Sunday night , which re-aired on Monday , government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said the attacks originated from people in Syria . Al-Dabbagh cautioned that the Iraqi government is not accusing the Syrian government of involvement . He said a group based in Syria was planning and carrying out the attacks . He said the confessions shown Sunday were only a part of the information and confessions the government has . After the August bombings , tensions between Iraq and neighboring Syria reached an all-time high and both countries withdrew their ambassadors . Iraq accused Syria of harboring Baath Party members who , it said , were financing and planning the attacks in Iraq . Earlier in August , al-Maliki and a high-level delegation visited Damascus and asked the Syrian government to hand over a number of mid-level and senior Baathists living in Syria . Syria refused , and the Iraqis accused Syria of supporting the August attacks by providing a refuge for Baathists who were working with al Qaeda in Iraq . In late August , Syria repeated its willingness to help the Iraqis investigate the bombings and discounted the tapes the government had released as fabricated evidence . "  Syria informed the Iraqi side of its readiness to receive an Iraqi delegation to inspect the evidence available to them concerning the bombings ' perpetrators , " a Syrian official said , according to SANA , the state-run news agency . "  Otherwise Syria considers what has been broadcast through the Iraqi media as mere fabricated evidence intended to serve internal political goals , and the conflicting and contradicting statements by the Iraqi officials are proof of that . " The top U.S. commander in Iraq , Gen. Ray Odierno , told reporters last week that investigations into the October bombings were under way and a number of suspects were in custody . He said al Qaeda in Iraq has teamed up with remnants of the Baath Party -- a statement that gave more weight to the Iraqi government 's claims . "  We have been able to significantly reduce the capability of several groups to include al Qaeda and some of the Sunni rejectionist groups , so what I think we have seen happen over the last year or so is that these groups have started to work together . And so they have started to coalesce , especially at the local level . ... So it blurs the lines sometimes . And I think sometimes it 's semantics . Some people say al Qaeda , some people call them Baathists . I would argue that they are probably both involved , they are coordinating at the local level , " Odierno said . When asked if there was any indication the attacks came from Syria , Odierno said : "  I think my experience is that there probably was some movement of fighters or explosives coming in from Syria . But again , we will continue to work our way through that . " Odierno and Iraqi officials have warned that they expect more such high-profile attacks before the January national elections , the country 's second national vote since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 . "  We believe there will be attempts to conduct more attacks between now and the elections , because they want to destabilize those . We are working hard with Iraqi security force partners to come up with a comprehensive strategy to stop that , we are increasing efforts , the Iraqis are increasing efforts in the belts around Baghdad and Mosul . ... We are increasing our efforts on the borders and we are increasing our counterterrorism targeting , and the tempo of that has increased significantly over the last month or so , " Odierno said .	Iraqi officials air videos showing alleged confessions by Baath Party members Men in videos say they helped in bombings that killed 160 last month Some say government trying to discredit Sunni Muslims so they wo n't run for office U.S. general says remnants of Baath Party have teamed up with al Qaeda in Iraq
CNN  -- Newly-crowned Dunhill Links champion Martin Kaymer could prevent Lee Westwood from replacing Tiger Woods as the world 's number one golfer . The German rose to fourth in the world on Monday after winning his third successive tournament on the European Tour at St Andrews , and now has the chance to overtake Woods , Westwood and American Phil Mickelson at the top of the game . Westwood failed to achieve the second-place finish which would have seen him end Woods ' 279-week reign on Sunday , but the Englishman could still top the rankings on October 31 providing the American does not change his plans and play before then . However , Kaymer 's decision to enter the Andalucia Valderrama Masters in Spain at the end of this month means the 25-year-old could yet be the one to take over from the off-form Woods . Victory there would mean August 's winner of the U.S. PGA Championship becomes just the 12th player to top the rankings since they were introduced in 1986 . Kaymer is the first player since Woods in 2006 to win three tournaments back-to-back , and the first golfer from Europe to do so since Englishman Nick Faldo in 1998 . After his latest triumph , Kaymer told reporters he had no idea why he was enjoying such a good run of form . "  I was never expecting it and I do n't really have an answer for why I am playing so well at the moment , " he said . "  I 've always played solid golf and my short game has improved big-time the last two years and especially the last few months . " The win came less than a week after Kaymer was part of the victorious European Ryder Cup team who beat America at Celtic Manor in Wales , where he played with Westwood . "  The way he played with me last week was absolutely amazing . He played so solidly , " Kaymer said . "  His putting was good , chipping -- the entire game was fantastic . I really see him as a role model . " Westwood will now take a month-long break from the sport to recover from an ongoing calf injury , which clearly hampered his progress at the home of golf over the weekend . It is expected the 37-year-old will return for the season-ending championship in Dubai which starts on November 25 . The only way Woods can retain his five-year long stint as world number one is to play another tournament in October , but he is not due to return to action until the HSBC Champions event in China on November 4 -- where Westwood was also scheduled to appear .	Martin Kaymer enters race to replace Tiger Woods as world 's number one golfer German rose to fourth in world on Monday after winning his third successive tournament Westwood failed to achieve the second-place finish which would have ended Woods ' 279-week reign Kaymer will now play in Spain at the end of October and could become number one
CNN  -- What have unions done for us lately ? Other than give us Labor Day , and a three-day weekend to start football season . The answers may surprise you . Unions have long been part of our nation 's history , fighting for better pay , safer working conditions , health care and retirement benefits , education and civic participation . Unions have brought diverse voices together , and their struggles have elevated the working conditions , the standard of living and the recognition of not just their members , but of all who labor . Unions played a major role in ending the sweatshops and child labor so common at the beginning of the 20th century . The International Ladies ' Garment Workers ' Union , or ILGWU , was one of the first unions to have a primarily female membership . And in the aftermath of the tragic Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire in 1911 , in which more than 100 mostly young immigrant women were killed , the ILGWU was at the forefront of reforming working conditions and pushing for comprehensive safety and workers ' compensation laws . Unions are n't a "  thing of the past . " They 're a vital part of our social fabric and economic future . Did you know , for example , that unions run the largest career training program outside the military ? Union apprenticeship programs generally partner with employers or industries to provide the kind of training that hard-wires excellence into workers and places them in good jobs that can support families . That 's worth a lot when unemployment is stubbornly high and personal incomes are falling . I challenge you to watch this quick video about union-trained military vets who are rebuilding the World Trade Center without getting misty-eyed . Did you know that union letter carriers save lives all the time by alerting officials when an elderly person has n't collected her mail from the mailbox ? That firefighters are fighting breast cancer ? That in Erie , Pennsylvania , union members arranged haircuts for more than 700 kids going back to school ? In just about every community , the union movement partners with the United Way , and together they do amazing things -- from cleaning up after storms to building wheelchair ramps and running food banks . Unions have had their problems -- what organizations do not ? -- and it 's convenient for some politicians to belittle the contribution or usefulness of unions . Indeed , much of the public has lost touch with what unions do and who they are . Unions are just folks -- people who come together to improve their lives and their workplaces , because there 's strength in numbers . The one thing the public does know is that union members , thanks to collective bargaining , have higher wages and better benefits . But union membership actually raises living and working standards for all working men and women -- union and non-union . When union membership rates are high , so is the share of income that goes to the middle class . When those rates fall , income inequality grows -- the middle class shrinks and the 1 % gets richer . Collective bargaining affects more than wages and benefits . Union teachers bargain for smaller class sizes . Union nurses bargain for better patient care . When they 're successful -- when they 're not shut down by Scott Walker-type governors -- we all win . Working together , union members and their community allies also make up a powerful lobby for the common good . They 've helped secure for us all the eight-hour day , job safety laws , overtime pay , Medicare and Social Security , civil rights protections , fair treatment for women and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender workers and much more . These are some of the reasons even people who do n't fit the stereotypes of union members have formed unions . Rocket scientists . Architects . Taxi drivers in New York , who are getting health care for the first time . Carwash workers in Los Angeles . Professional athletes . Writers and directors for TV shows . Go to a movie and you 're enjoying the work of one of America 's most unionized industries , from the actors and camera crews to set designers . But maybe the most important contribution of unions has to do with basic dignity . Memphis , Tennessee , sanitation workers , aspiring to become American Federation of State County and Municipal Employees members , picked up signs that declared proudly , "  I Am a Man , " and formed the setting for the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I 've Been to the Mountaintop " speech . One of the core tenets of unionism is that all work has dignity . All work deserves respect . And all the people who perform it deserve respect . So even as Labor Day weekend recedes , say "  thank you " to someone whose work you respect and rely on . And thank a union for the weekend while you 're at it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Unions have done much to improve the lives of most Americans She says they do community service , help raise wages , improve working conditions Brazile : Union membership helps boost the living standard of the middle class
When traveling through space , there are certain items you know you 're going to need . A spacesuit ? Most likely . A towel ? Some say it 's the most massively useful item you can have . For all the rest , NASA has a new plan : 3-D printers . In space . The agency plans to send a 3-D printer to the International Space Station in June , when the fifth SpaceX supply mission is scheduled . In a video published Monday , the agency explains that a functional 3-D printer would help astronauts keep a steady supply of all the little parts needed to keep the 15-year-old station in working order without having to deliver or find storage space for replacements . "  3-D printing provides us the ability to do our own ` Star Trek ' replication right there on the spot , " NASA astronaut Timothy "  T.J. " Creamer says in the video . The printer would "  help us replace things we 've lost , replace things we 've broken or maybe make things that we 've thought of that would be useful . " NASA will be able to load software for items it knows the astronauts will need onto the printer beforehand but also will be able to upload new ones from Earth if needed . A model of the proposed 3-D printer , from private company Made In Space , recently passed a battery of tests at NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Alabama . Chief among the questions addressed : whether the printer can withstand the pressure of a launch and how it would perform in "  micro-gravity " aboard the space station . "  The 3D printing experiment with NASA is a step towards the future , " Made In Space CEO Aaron Kemmer said in a news release when the partnership was announced . "  The ability to 3D-print parts and tools on demand greatly increases the reliability and safety of space missions while also dropping the cost by orders of magnitude . " Niki Werkheiser , NASA 's point person on the project , said 3-D printing will significantly improve efficiency and convenience for astronauts . "  As you might imagine on Space Station , whatever you have available in orbit is what they have to use , " she said . "  Just like on the ground , you have parts that break or get lost . When that happens , you do have to wait for replacement parts , or we have to use multiple spares that have to be launched -- which does require extra mass . " So what types of things could easily be lost and reproduced on the printer ? In the video , Creamer mentions tools used on the space station and small pieces of storage racks used to anchor them down . But a 3-D printer could also be used to replicate more ambitious items in space -- someday , maybe even a pizza .	NASA plans to launch a 3-D printer to the International Space Station The tool will let astronauts replace lost or broken items Launching spares takes up space and adds weight to launches Printer will be ready in June for a SpaceX mission to the station
CNN  -- Police are examining grainy hotel surveillance video and following up on new leads , including a reported sighting , in the case of a 17-year-old girl who traveled to Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , for spring break last week and then disappeared . Brittanee Marie Drexel 's mother says she thought her daughter was at a beach in New York , not South Carolina . The possible sighting of Brittanee Drexel was on a bus Wednesday morning in the Myrtle Beach area , according to police , who later showed photos of her to passengers . As investigators try to build a timeline of the events leading to Brittanee 's disappearance Saturday night , they are also scrutinizing hotel security video for signs of a young woman in distress , or other clues . Brittanee 's mother , Dawn Drexel , told HLN 's Nancy Grace that she had forbidden the Rochester , New York , high school junior from going to Myrtle Beach , a popular destination for high school and college students on spring break . Although they stayed in touch by phone and spoke on Saturday , Drexel said she believed the girl was in Rochester when she actually was in Myrtle Beach . "  I did n't have any idea that she was going to do this , " Drexel said . "  I do trust my daughter , and she needed to cool down a little bit because she was upset that I was n't going to let her go . " Drexel said her daughter rode there in a car with several friends . She thinks Brittanee used money she had earned and borrowed to finance her trip .	Police show girl 's photo to bus passengers after reported sighting Brittanee Drexel , 17 , went to Myrtle Beach , S.C. , without mother 's permission Rochester , N.Y. , high school junior last seen on Saturday night
CNN  Every year , animal handlers travel throughout England and Wales to compete at agricultural shows . Jooney Woodward 's "  Best in Show " is a documentation of those competitions , with photos that place a spotlight on the handlers and their animals . "  When you go to  the shows  , they tend to be all about the animals -- people photographing the animals , " Woodward said . "  I just wanted to turn my attention onto the people because they 're so committed to what they do . They 're really devoted and hardworking . " While those involved with the competitions are the focus of many press photographers , Woodward 's work stands out for its distinctive portraiture style . "  My work is a bit more composed . I use a medium-format camera and a tripod , so it is a bit more static in a way , " she said . "  I think everybody is so proud of their animals that when I said to them that , ` I 'd love a portrait of you and your cow , ' everyone was more than willing to give up their time and help because they 're so passionate about what they do . " The "  Best in Show " portraits lead viewers down a winding pathway to ponder those inexplicable yet noticeable connections and bonds that exist between the handlers and their animals . Woodward 's photos also contain subtle details . For example , the symbols and signs on the wall behind Wendy and her Hereford yearling heifer Mandalay Juliette are just as significant as the handler and her animal . "  It 's just the way  Wendy  had gone through the effort of decorating the pen  with Union Jacks  where the cows were being kept , " Woodward said . "  There 's also a sign behind  her  ... and there 's a picture of a gentleman with a cow , who is actually her husband who had died a few years ago . ... I just thought that was nice , something quite sentimental about that . " There are not only sentimental subtleties within "  Best in Show , " but also fun and interesting ones as well . This is especially evident in the photo of the traditional Welsh pigs being judged , as Woodward points out there is an advertisement for sausages behind the pigs . Regardless of what elements make up Woodward 's photos , the emotions and aesthetics remain particularly important . Woodward said that when photographing Jamie and his Jersey cow , his happiness and smile made her want to "  share that sense of enjoyment " that handlers have when competing with their animals in the shows . What drew Woodward to Harriet and her guinea pig Gentleman Jack were the similar colors radiating from both of them . Her photo of the pair won the National Portrait Gallery 's Taylor Wessing Photographic Portrait Prize in 2011 . "  Harriet  was like a steward , she was sort of judging the guinea pigs . And she also had her own guinea pig with her , which had red as well , " Woodward said . "  I just thought that was incredibly striking . I thought , ` I 've got to get a shot of that . ' " The dynamics of the competitions foster a community atmosphere in which everybody becomes acquainted with one another after having traveled to different shows for so many years . Woodward said this was an enjoyable aspect of her work because "  you get to see lots of familiar faces . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . She has learned about the pride the handlers have toward their animals , and many of her presumptions about the competitions have now changed after having worked on "  Best in Show . " "  I think when I first started going , I was sort of thinking the shows would be more novelty , fun things for these people , " she said . "  But , actually , it is n't really ; it 's quite a serious thing , because they can make money from breeding . " In addition to handlers earning significant money from breeding , they are also able to achieve recognition for their livestock . Those competing have a lot at stake when they make the decision to travel and compete , because the shows are just as much business events as they are social gatherings . The competitions are also rather family-oriented , and Woodward said that while adults compete , their sons , daughters and grandchildren are involved as well . The younger generations are likely to one day take over the responsibility of running the family farms , and everyone that participates seems to have a strong sense of pride and passion for agriculture . "  I think it 's something I will always document for the rest of my life , and see how things change , " Woodward said . "  It was challenging , insightful and fun . " Jooney Woodward is a British photographer based in London . You can follow her on Instagram .	Jooney Woodward took portraits of show animals and their handlers in the UK The livestock shows are just as much business events as they are social gatherings
