CNN  -- U.S. naval forces hunting pirates off Somalia detained six people this week who appeared to be pursuing a commercial shipping vessel , but soon released them because of a lack of evidence . A Yemeni Coast Guard boat patrols the Gulf of Aden for pirates who threaten shipping . The Navy said on Saturday the six matched the description of suspected pirates aboard a skiff in the area . The naval crew saw the men throwing objects overboard before they picked up the suspects . Investigators did n't say what was thrown overboard but said the evidence was not sufficient "  to hold the suspects for prosecution . " The detentions reflect the aggressive U.S.-led fight against piracy . The United States is spearheading an international naval task force in the waters off Somalia that launched in February after a rash of attacks . Participating ships are patrolling more than a million square miles of water , an area about four times the size of Texas , Navy officials have said . The Navy said it arrested the six on Friday after responding to a distress call from the Philippines-flagged MV Bison Express in the Gulf of Aden , between Yemen and Somalia . The ship , a livestock carrier , reported a small skiff containing six heavily armed pirates was pursuing it . The guided-missile cruiser USS Gettysburg arrived and found a skiff matching the description . A Seahawk helicopter flew from the Gettysburg over the skiff and reported seeing objects being thrown overboard , the Navy said . A team from the Gettysburg boarded the skiff , along with members of the U.S. Coast Guard Legal Detachment and detained the six suspected pirates . The U.S. officials transferred the suspects onto the amphibious assault ship USS Boxer , the flagship for the international anti-piracy task force , the Navy said , before releasing them . The attack on the Bison Express was the second one Friday on commercial shipping vessels in the Gulf of Aden , the Navy said . In the first incident , pirates attacked the MV Sea Green , which managed to fend them off by firing flares as the men approached , the Navy said .	U.S. military ship captures skiff off Somalia coast Skiff matched description of commercial ship 's pursuer Navy lets men go for lack of evidence ; saw suspects throwing stuff overboard U.S.-led international naval effort patrols a million square miles in Gulf of Aden
LONDON , England  CNN  -- At 160 meters long , there is nothing quite as luxurious as the world 's largest and most expensive super-yacht -- Dubai . Roman Abramovich has one heli-pad on his yacht Pelorus , but he is rumored to be after a yacht with two . Except , of course , for the next nineteen boats that make up the top 20 super-yachts on the planet . Packed with more features than a Bond villain 's base , including jet-ski docks , indoor swimming pools , helicopter pads  in some cases two helipads  , Jacuzzis and submarines , no expense is spared on these ocean-going giants . The internationally-renowned Fort Lauderdale Boat Show is set to get underway at the end of October , where many of the world 's top super-yachts will be on display . Now , you can take a look at some of the biggest and best yachts in existence . Included in our photo gallery are five of the top ten largest and most expensive super-yachts ever built -- and you 'll recognize some of the names on the owners ' list . Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen 's Octopus is inside the top ten , as is Oracle 's Larry Ellison , with his vessel Rising Sun . Click here to view a photo gallery of the super-yachts . " Wealthy Middle Eastern businessmen and leaders also have a strong presence at the top . Dubai 's Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum owns Dubai , the number one vessel , while the boat currently ranked second largest is owned by Sultan Qaboos of Oman . Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich is also a major player on this list . Abramovich owns Pelorus , a 115-meter vessel which has its own heli-pad , while he reportedly gave away  !  Le Grand Bleu  currently the world 's 16th biggest super-yacht  to present owner Eugene Shvidler . As well as owning several other large yachts , Abramovich is believed to have a new super-yacht under construction . Rumored to be called Eclipse , the vessel is expected to overtake Dubai as the largest super-yacht in the world . And it 's also tipped to possess two helipads -- because obviously , one is never enough . You wo n't want to think about how much Eclipse is going to cost , however , because Dubai , the world 's current biggest yacht is reportedly worth well over $ 300 million . Other super-yachts featured in the gallery are Australian businessman James Packer 's Arctic P , and a French-owned yacht which French President Nicolas Sarkozy has spent time enjoying on vacation . Which yacht would you most like to own and why ? What super-toys would you fit your vessel with ? Or is the super-yacht just a shameless display of wealth ? Have a look through our photos from Getty and monacoeye.com , make your comments in the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best .	The world 's largest privately owned super-yacht is Dubai , which is 160m long Some super-yachts boast pools , helipads , Jacuzzis and submarines Roman Abramovich is rumored to be building a new boat -- with two helipads The Fort Lauderdale Boat Show gets underway at the end of October
CNN  -- Many expected Xi Jinping to focus on internal politics in his first year in office and not make major external moves , but in fact China is busy designing and implementing a bolder foreign policy in light of an anticipated U.S. decline . This strategy was made clear this weekend as Beijing mapped out airspace over a disputed island chain in the East China Sea and released rules that it says must be followed by all aircraft entering the zone -- under penalty of intervention by China 's military . Unlike his predecessors , Xi is making foreign policy with the mindset of a great power , increasingly probing U.S. commitments to its allies in the region and exploiting opportunities to change the status quo . China 's recent rhetoric and actions show a move from a defensive , reactive , and image-conscious policy to a proactive approach designed to further China 's vital interests . Officials in China have begun using new diplomatic language , with decades-old terms sloughed off to allow more room to maneuver . Traditional mantras like "  non-interference " and "  hide our capacities and bide our time " are no more under Xi , whose new slogan is the "  Chinese dream , " a vision for the national rejuvenation of the Chinese people . And in the U.S.-China relationship , U.S. diplomats used to frame the debate with terms such as "  responsible stakeholder " in the global system . But China has now put forth its own catch phrase : a "  new type of great power relations , " in which the U.S. recognizes China 's core interests and respects it as an equal . China 's reforms : Letting the economy fly more freely China 's actions also demonstrate a more activist external strategy . Regionally , maritime security interests have taken precedence in China 's strategic rationale . Even before officially taking power , Xi was made head of the maritime small group that presided over Beijing 's swift and decisive response to Japan 's September 2012 purchase of three disputed islands in the East China Sea from their private owner . By declaring territorial baselines around the islands , increasing the number and length of its law enforcement patrols , and introducing military forces in the vicinity , China has challenged Japan 's de facto control of the area and moved to solidify its own claims . China 's demarcation of a new "  Air Defense Identification Zone " , which includes the disputed islands - known as the Diaoyu in China and Senkaku in Japan - underscores these goals . In the South China Sea , China has played a double game , calling for the peaceful settlement of disputes through bilateral negotiations and engaging in a wide-ranging charm offensive , while simultaneously trying to gain control of disputed territories . The cancellation of President Obama 's October trip to the region , forced by the U.S. government shutdown , greatly assisted Xi . It left him as the star attraction at regional gatherings where U.S.-China rivalry features strongly , and Xi made the most of the attention by announcing a slew of new deals across Southeast Asia . China initially left the Philippines out of its largesse to punish it for submitting their maritime dispute to international arbitration and to warn other Association of South East Asian Nations  ASEAN  countries against doing the same . Central Asia and the Middle East Xi has also acted strongly to protect other interests . He swept through Central Asia in September to forge closer trade ties at a time when the U.S. is disengaging from Afghanistan and the region . China has recently splashed cash there to secure access to petroleum resources beyond the reach of the U.S. navy . And China and Russia continue to engage in joint multi-polarity to keep the U.S. in check while furthering their energy relationship . In the Middle East , where traditionally China has been content to have the U.S. play the decisive political role , Xi has made moves calibrated to establish a presence without becoming mired in the region 's disputes . With China expected to become even more dependent on oil from the region , Beijing realizes that instability there could jeopardize supply . In May , Xi received both Mahmoud Abbas and Benjamin Netanyahu , issued a ` four point peace plan , ' and offered to host an Israeli-Palestinian peace summit . While the components of the plan are not new and the offer has not been accepted , the initiative showed that as its power and interests grow , China will act when affected by issues outside its neighborhood . North Korea Closer to home , Xi has sharply distinguished himself from his predecessor in dealing with North Korea . Where Hu was indulgent , Xi has laid down some "  house rules , " signing up to sanctions and employing bolder rhetoric against the wayward neighbor . But when North Korea walked back its provocations , Xi angered the U.S. and South Korea by dispatching Vice-President Li Yuanchao to Pyongyang to attend a military parade marking the 60th anniversary of the end of the Korean War . His presence was a potent symbol , showing that China 's pique over North Korea 's earlier actions did n't preclude Beijing from trying to repair relations there . American preferences on North Korea are less and less central to China 's decision-making ; unless the U.S. takes measures on the Peninsula that China sees as undermining its regional security . Xi has also doubled down on involvement in Myanmar , which plays an increasingly important role in China 's energy security and where China fears that American engagement efforts are part of a U.S. strategic encirclement of China . Taken together , Xi 's decisions and words illustrate a more active strategy . And we are likely to see an even more self-confident Chinese foreign policy as he continues his decade of rule . Because Xi 's domestic agenda and China 's external agenda are intertwined . Xi 's crafting of the "  Chinese Dream " as a vessel for party legitimacy also more closely yokes the party 's fortunes to its performance as a defender of national interests and ambitions . And in his pronouncements on ideology , and by establishing a new national security council , Xi has made clear that he sees a link between ideological menaces to one-party rule and strategic threats abroad , especially from the United States . Nationalists , especially online , continue to demand that the government use its new-found international heft to more actively and directly defend China 's global interests . Xi is likely to make efforts to deliver , and in so doing will effectively end the traditional Chinese policy of non-intervention . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt , Director of Asia-Pacific Programs at the U.S. Institute of Peace	China is busy designing and implementing a bolder foreign policy Move comes in light of an anticipated U.S. decline Xi Jinping effectively ending the traditional Chinese policy of non-intervention Likely to see an even more self-confident foreign policy as Xi continues his decade of rule
President Barack Obama 's administration is trying to open channels of communication with Iran regarding the war on ISIS . Amid revelations that Obama sent a letter to Iran Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei last month pointing out the countries ' shared interest in beating ISIS , a senior U.S. official and a Western diplomat tell CNN that Washington has gone through the Iraqis to communicate with Iran . The conversations do not include taking joint military action against ISIS targets , the sources said , but are seen as necessary to avert conflict in U.S. and Iranian operations . Senior White House adviser Dan Pfeiffer would n't address specific outreach efforts in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , but said : "  We work very closely with the Iraqis and the Iraqis have a relationship with the Iranians . " The discussions through the Iraqis are informal and conducted on a case-by-case basis via the Iraqi military , the sources said . The channels have become necessary , the U.S. military official said , because the United States and Iran are now operating in the same spaces . As a result , "  accommodations must be made indirectly , " this official said . This includes airspace management , so U.S. and Iranian forces do not conflict while carrying out military operations in the same airspace , CNN was told . The revelation of the communications channel comes even as the military and administration continue to insist it is not cooperating with the Iranians on strategy or intelligence . "  With respect to Iran , we 're not coordinating with Iran , as you know , " said Gen. Lloyd Austin , the head of U.S. Central Command , at an event moderated by CNN 's Jake Tapper on Thursday , when asked how the United States prevents any accidental killing of Iranians who are on the ground advising Iraqi forces . The White House also stressed it is not working alongside the Iranian military . "  The United States will not cooperate militarily with Iran in that effort . We wo n't share intelligence with them , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Thursday when asked about another communication between President Obama and Iran 's Supreme Leader . Earnest would not acknowledge Obama 's letter , saying he would not talk about the "  private correspondence " of the President . "  I can tell you that the policy that the President and his administration have articulated about Iran remains unchanged . The United States is engaged in conversations with Iran in the context of the P-5-plus-1 talks to resolve the international community 's concerns about Iran 's nuclear program , " Earnest said . "  We have also discussed on the sidelines of those talks on at least a couple of occasions , the ongoing campaign that is being conducted against ISIL by the United States and 60 members of -- now more than 60 -- members who are part of this broader coalition . " Republican Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham blasted the Obama administration , saying it 's "  outrageous " to reach out to the "  same Iranian regime that has been complicit in the rise of ISIS by pushing a violent sectarian agenda throughout the Middle East . " "  The administration needs to understand that this Iranian regime cares more about trying to weaken America and push us out of the Middle East than cooperating with us , " McCain and Graham said in a joint statement . "  Until we recognize that reality , and formulate a regional strategy to counter the Iranian regime 's malign influence , we will continue to harm U.S. national security interests , as well as our relationships with our closest regional allies and partners , in pursuit of the illusory goal of rapprochement with the current Iranian leadership . The consequences of this ill-conceived bargain would destroy the Syrians ' last best chance to live in freedom from the brutal Assad regime . " ISIS kills 300 members of Sunni tribe State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said U.S.-Iran nuclear talks are n't linked to U.S. cooperation with Iran in combating ISIS . "  We do n't look at it as a linked situation , " she said . "  Our concerns about Iran 's engagement are more expansive than that . Obviously , we understand that they have concerns about the threat of ISIL , which they have expressed as well , but I would not look at it as a path to a different type of coordination . " While the United States acknowledged notifying Iran before striking in Syria earlier this year , administration officials have said there is no cooperation between the countries in combating ISIS . Secretary of State John Kerry said there would be no "  cooperation , " but the United States wanted to "  de-conflict . " "  The United States will not cooperate militarily with Iran in that effort . We wo n't share intelligence with them . But their interests in the outcome is something that 's been widely commented on -- commented upon and something that on a couple of occasions has been discussed on the sidelines of other conversations , " Earnest said . Central Command general to ISIS : We can hear you While there are many other concerning aspects of Iranian behavior for the United States , including human rights and Americans in captivity , the nuclear deal is seen as the major impediment , one of the sources said . The administration did not notify its Mideast allies in Israel or the Gulf about the letter , the other source said . In September , Khamenei said he rejected U.S. overtures to join the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS . Report : Children say ISIS captured , beat them on way home from exams In comments released by Iran 's FARS news agency , Khamenei detailed what he called "  U.S. demands for cooperation . " "  During the hard days of Daesh 's attacks on Iraq , the U.S. ambassador to Iraq demanded our envoy in the country  Iraq  that Iran and the U.S. meet for negotiations and coordination on Daesh , " Khamenei said , using a derogatory nickname for ISIS . "  Our ambassador reflected the issue to Iran and although some officials did n't voice opposition , I opposed it and said we will not cooperate with the Americans in this regard since they have a corrupt intention and stained hands and how could we have cooperation with the Americans under such conditions ? " Referring to Kerry 's comments that Iran would not be invited to join the anti-ISIS coalition , Khamenei said , according to FARS , "  The same U.S. secretary of state had personally demanded  Iranian Foreign Minister  Dr.  Mohammad Javad  Zarif , and called for cooperation with us on Daesh but Dr. Zarif had rejected his demand . " He added that Acting Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman , the lead U.S. negotiator in the nuclear talks , "  repeated the same demand for cooperation with Iran " with her counterparts . Opinion : Why West must roll back military involvement in Iraq , Syria Obama has made at least two other overtures to the Supreme Leader since taking office in 2009 . News of the letter angered congressional opponents of a nuclear deal with Iran . They are already deeply discomforted by details of a possible agreement that have been emerging ahead of an end-of-November deadline . One senior GOP congressional staffer told CNN 's Stephen Collinson that the letter was sending "  shock waves " through Capitol Hill and suggested it would also anger Israel and U.S. allies in the Middle East who think the President is already going behind their backs to negotiate a "  bad deal " with Iran .	Sources say Obama noted Iran , U.S. both interested in defeating ISIS United States is deep into talks with Iran about its nuclear capabilities Sources say that 's the main block to the countries cooperating on ISIS
CNN  -- Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich appeared in court Tuesday afternoon to hear federal corruption charges against him . He was released on $ 4,500 bail . Rod Blagojevich is serving his second term as governor of Illinois . The Democratic governor , who appeared in court in a blue jogging suit , also had to forfeit his passport . FBI agents arrested Blagojevich and his chief of staff , John Harris , early Tuesday on federal corruption charges related in part to the selection of President-elect Barack Obama 's successor to the Senate , the U.S. attorney 's office said . U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald declared Tuesday a "  sad day for government . " "  Gov. Blagojevich has taken us to a new low , " he said . "  This conduct would make -LSB- Abraham -RSB- Lincoln roll over in his grave . " Lincoln was a congressman from Illinois before becoming president . Fitzgerald said the government had bugged the governor 's campaign office and placed a tap on his home phone . Each was charged with a count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and a count of solicitation of bribery , authorities said . Watch : Fitzgerald discusses the charges " In a 76-page affidavit , federal authorities said wiretaps caught Blagojevich conspiring to sell or trade the vacant Senate seat in exchange for financial benefits for himself and his wife , Patti . The governor also often weighed the option of appointing himself to the Senate seat , saying he was "  stuck " at governor and might have access to more resources as a senator than as a governor , the affidavit says . A Senate seat could also help him remake his image ahead of a possible presidential run in 2016 . "  If ... they 're not going to offer anything of any value , then I might just take it , " he said in one conversation . Obama reacted at a news conference on Tuesday . View politicians ' reactions to the charges " "  Obviously , like the rest of the people of Illinois , I am saddened and sobered by the news that came out of the U.S. attorney 's office today , " he said . "  But as this is an ongoing investigation involving the governor , I do n't think it would be appropriate for me to comment on the issue at this time . " When asked whether he had any contact with Blagojevich about the Senate seat , Obama said he had no contact with the governor or his office . "  I was not aware of what was happening , " he added . At times , Blagojovich discussed obtaining a substantial salary for himself at a nonprofit organization or an organization affiliated with labor unions , as well as placing his wife on paid corporate boards where she might make as much as $ 150,000 a year , the government said . During one recorded conversation , Blagojevich said he needed to consider his family and said he was financially hurting , the affidavit said . Get an overview of the governor and the case against him " "  I want to make money , " Blagojevich said , according to the affidavit . The intercepted phone calls also caught the governor and Harris discussing the possibility of the Tribune Co. 's obtaining assistance from the Illinois Finance Authority in efforts to sell the Cubs and the financing or sale of Wrigley Field , the government said . The company owns the Chicago Tribune , the Cubs and Wrigley Field . The Tribune Co. announced Monday that it is filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . Blagojevich allegedly directed Harris to tell Tribune officials that state assistance would be withheld unless members of the Chicago Tribune 's editorial board were fired . The Illinois governor saw them as "  driving discussion of his possible impeachment , " the affidavit said . "  Our recommendation is fire all those -LSB- expletive -RSB- people , get 'em the -LSB- expletive -RSB- out of there and get us some editorial support , " the governor allegedly said in one phone call . Federal authorities also allege the governor and Harris schemed with others -- including convicted real estate developer Antoin "  Tony " Rezko -- to obtain financial benefits for himself , his family and others , including his campaign committee , Friends of Blagojevich . Reports from the Chicago Tribune last week said federal authorities were investigating the governor and were secretly taping his conversations -- with the help of his former congressional chief of staff , John Wyem . "  I do n't believe there 's any cloud that hangs over me , " Blagojevich told WLS-TV in Chicago on Monday as he responded to the reports of wiretapping . "  I think there 's nothing but sunshine hanging over me . " He added , "  By the way , I should say if anyone wants to tape my conversations , go right ahead , feel free to do it . I appreciate anybody who wants to tape me openly . " Fitzgerald said the case required "  unusual measures " because of actions Blagojevich was expected to take soon , including filling the vacant Senate seat . "  There were a lot of things going on that were imminent , " he said . "  We were in the middle of a corruption crime spree and we wanted to stop it , " Fitzgerald said . Watch : Fitzgerald discusses Obama 's Senate seat " One big question now is whether Blagojevich retains the right to name Obama 's successor if he remains in custody or even under indictment . The answer is yes , according to Fitzgerald . Jay Stewart , executive director of Chicago 's Better Government Association , agreed . He said Blagojevich retains the right to fill the senate vacancy until he 's out of office , which wo n't happen unless he quits or is removed from office by impeachment . At a news conference Tuesday , Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin , a Democrat , said he wants the Illinois Legislature to act quickly to pass a law setting a special election to fill Obama 's seat , in order to prevent Blagojevich from making a tainted appointment or there being a lengthy vacancy in the Senate . "  No appointment by this governor under these circumstances could produce a credible replacement , " Durbin said . iReport.com : What do you think of Blagojevich 's corruption charges ? Fitzgerald said Blagojevich was looking to pull $ 8 million in funding for a children 's hospital after the hospital 's chief executive officer did not give a $ 50,000 contribution to the governor 's campaign . Also , Fitzgerald said , it was expected that Blagojevich would soon sign into law a bill that would direct a percentage of casino revenue to the horse racing industry -- a bill supported by someone who contributed $ 100,000 . "  To let that bill be signed , to me , would be very , very troubling , " Fitzgerald said . The governor 's office , in an afternoon statement , said the allegations "  do nothing to impact the services , duties or function of the state . " "  Our state will continue to ensure health , safety and economic stability for the citizens of Illinois . " Lt. Gov. Pat Quinn said the governor should use a provision in the Illinois constitution that allows him to step down , but not necessarily to resign . "  I recommend to the governor to realize ... that he can not carry out his responsibilities of office today , and he should , in my opinion , step aside . " Quinn , a Democrat like Blagojevich , said under the provision , a determination can be made later as to whether he can return to office . Quinn said he had not spoken to Blagojevich at length since summer 2007 . Blagojevich , who turns 52 on Wednesday , is in his second four-year term as Illinois governor . His term ends January 2011 . Before that , he served as a U.S. congressman for Illinois ' 5th district from 1997 until 2003 , according to his online biography . He and his wife have two daughters . The state 's last governor , George Ryan , was convicted in April 2006 on racketeering and fraud charges . Ryan reported to a federal prison in Wisconsin in November 2007 to serve a 6 1/2 - year sentence . Earlier this year , the Supreme Court of the United States said it would not hear an appeal from Ryan . CNN 's Drew Griffin , Kathleen Johnston and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	NEW : Gov. Rod Blagojevich released on $ 4,500 bail , forfeits passport NEW : Barack Obama says he had "  no contact " as governor chose his successor Blagojevich arrested , accused of conspiring to sell Obama 's Senate seat Governor can still appoint Obama 's successor despite arrest , U.S. attorney says
Dubai , UAE  CNN  -- Many of the pilots assembled at the Dubai Airshow can boast breaking the sound barrier , but only one man in the world can say he 's done it both in the sky and on the ground . That privilege belongs to former fighter jet pilot Royal Air Force  RAF  Wing Commander Andy Green . As the driver of Thrust SSC -- the fastest car on the planet -- he broke the sound barrier in 1997 with a world land speed record of 763mph . Despite the roar of the display jets passing overhead , he remains focused on more terrestrial matters : the quest to drive a car over 1,000 mph with The Bloodhound Project . "  As with everything I do in life , being able to do difficult things and do them well is hugely satisfying , " he says from the roof of the Eurofighter chalet at the event . Read more : The Bloodhound that wants to run at 1,000 mph With a name that could be a code word for a covert Second World War operation  it 's actually named after a missile  , The Bloodhound Project has plenty of challenges up ahead . "  Basically we 're trying to do what no one has done before , " he says . "  I 've got five supersonic runs , which is five more than anybody else . That gives me a unique perspective on the challenges facing the new car and how we 're going to take it a lot further . " The design of the car took years to perfect and while it still generally resembles a rocket on wheels , there are plenty of things that make it much more than just a fighter jet without the wings ; one of the biggest challenges is dealing with the shockwaves caused by the wheels traveling at such high speeds . Something that the car does have directly in common with a fighter jet is the engine . It uses an EJ200 engine normally found on a Eurofighter Typhoon jet . It was one of the test-and-development engines donated by Eurofighter . It 's as close as Green gets to a jet engine these days ; the 51-year-old flew missions over Bosnia and Iraq and was in charge of running the RAF 's air campaign missions over Libya in 2011 . During that campaign he says that the success rate of the engine was 97 % , which means he has no concerns about sitting in front of one and hurtling across the ground at previously unimaginable speeds . Read more : 15 ways drones will change your life Thrilling though it may be for Green , the greater aim of the Bloodhound Project is to inspire a new generation of engineers and scientists . The project is clearly quite attractive to the British scientific community as well , as it 's backed by the British government 's engineering and sciences agency , universities , the armed forces and a number of other organizations . In order to garner as much interest in science and engineering as possible , the project is mostly open-source  some technical points about engine performance are withheld  . It also aims to broadcast the test runs and record attempts live . "  That 's almost as big a challenge as getting a car over 1,000 mph , " says Green . With a chassis built , the aim is to roll out the vehicle for its first tests at the Aerohub in Newquay , southwest England . If everything goes well , the car will be transported to the Hakskeen desert in South Africa where Green and the team will test the vehicle and push it past the speed of sound . "  The idea is to then go back in 2016 and get it above 1,000 mph . " It took three years to clear a 12-mile stretch of desert to make a test-run-ready track -- an enormous undertaking that perhaps reflects the ambitions of the project itself . Green was finally given the green light this month . Ironically , the fastest man on earth does n't have much time to actually sit back and appreciate the experience . " -LSB- When driving -RSB- , the ground is terribly close , going past terribly fast , and that 's just one of those background things where you have to say , ` Yup , that should be a mind-blowing sensation . ' But I ca n't afford for it to be , I have to concentrate on doing my job . "	In 1997 , Andy Green and broke the world land speed record driving the Thrust SSC Green drove the car to 763mph , and is now hoping to push it past 1,000 mph The Bloodhound Project , as its known , is backed by the British government It took three years to turn 12 miles of desert into a test-run track
Rustenburg , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africans wept , sang somber hymns and prayed at memorial services Thursday to mourn 44 people killed during labor protests in the nation 's mining heartland . At the main service , traditional leaders and church officials in flowing robes led the prayers near the site of the clashes at the Marikana mine , operated by Lonmin , one of the world 's largest platinum producers . Some grief-stricken mourners fainted and had to be carried out of the ceremony by relatives and friends . Various government officials attended the main ceremony , but police officers were not welcome , at the request of the miners . Of the dozens killed at the Marikana mine , 34 died in a hail of gunfire from police officers , who said they shot at the machete-armed protesters in self-defense on August 16 . At least 78 others suffered injuries . What 's behind the Marikana massacre ? Lonmin was closed to allow miners , some of whom have returned to work despite the strikes , to attend the memorial services . Company officials said no incidents occurred at the mine overnight . Strikes at the mine started two weeks ago when thousands of rock drillers demanded higher wages . Lonmin rejected the demand and called the strike illegal . Violence intensified last week when police fired live ammunition into a crowd of protesters , killing 34 people and sparking a national outcry . The protesters , armed with machetes and sticks , defied orders to lay down their weapons , posing a threat to police officers , according to authorities . Ten others died in the earlier days of the protests , including two police officers who were hacked to death . A rivalry between two unions that wield a lot of power and influence in the nation added to the tension . The unions , accused of trying to outdo each other in negotiating wages , denied instigating the clashes . Thousands protest at scene of mine shootings The memorial service comes as workers at two more platinum companies in the northwest echoed Lonmin workers , signaling spreading labor discontent . About 1,000 workers gathered at nearby Bafokeng Rasimone Platinum Mine on Wednesday to voice their discontent . They returned to work a day later . "  We congratulate the workers for refusing to be misled by people with political ambitions and for returning to work " said Sydwell Dokolwana , a regional secretary for the company . Across the street from Marikana , at a mine owned by Anglo American Platinum mine , a group of workers gave management until Friday to respond to a list of demands . The company said workers have not made any threats to go on strike . South African President Jacob Zuma addressed the miners at the Marikana site Wednesday and said he has launched a commission of inquiry to investigate the killings . "  We want the truth , " Zuma said . "  This is painful to all of us . It is not acceptable for people to die where talks can be held . " Grievances , fears of instability spread to other South African mines CNN 's Karen Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Lonmin closes to allow miners to attend services NEW : Some workers have resumed work following the strikes NEW : Company officials say no incidents occurred at the mine overnight Government officials and mine workers attend the memorial service near the site of the clashes
Seoul  CNN  -- South Korea plans to intensify the review of its social networking sites and smart phone applications to combat a surge in "  illegal and harmful " information , government officials said . The Korea Communications Standards Commission said it will reshuffle departments to make way for a review team that will oversee new media content . Review of Internet content has been in place since 2008 , but the commission said the move will boost effectiveness and meet growing demands . Social media users and civic groups decried the Thursday announcement , saying it clamps down on freedom of expression . "  This is an authoritarian and anachronistic abuse of power that strips people of their freedom of expression and political freedom by blocking their eyes and ears , " one of South Korea 's largest civic organizations , People 's Solidarity for Participatory Democracy , said in a news release . Critics say the government is using the new measure to clamp down on opposition voices with the upcoming general and presidential elections next year . "  It 's to block out any voices calling on people to participate in the presidential elections next year , " Twitter user bbohea929 wrote . Another user , csoaea , said "  it feels like we 've gone back 30 years . " The number of illegal and harmful postings on social networking sites has increased rapidly since 2008 and is expected to grow , according to the government 's standards commission . Cases deemed illegal for obscenity last year and this year were 41 and 45 respectively , while those violating national security jumped from 28 to 159 , according to the commission . The commission vowed to limit its scope to obscene content deemed inappropriate for minors and that which violates the law . However , the legal boundaries are ambiguous and include defamation , national security and inciting fear , a major concern for critics . The standards commission called the concerns "  groundless " and said the new process will not influence the formation of public sentiment in the cyber world .	Review of Internet content has been in place since 2008 The commission says it will boost effectiveness and meet growing demands The announcement sparks a debate among social media users
CNN  -- Youths have rioted on the streets of Athens and other Greek cities for the past three days . Stores and cars have been torched , barricades erected and rioters have fought running battles with police . Athens riot police come under attack near the capital 's main police station Sunday . The unrest came after police shot dead teenager Alexandros Grigoropoulos , 15 , who they allege was about to throw a fuel-filled device at them , as a gang of youths pelted a patrol vehicle . What has been the political reaction to the unrest ? The Greek government , led by Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis ' center-right New Democracy party since 2004 , has appealed for calm . Interior minister Prokopis Pavlopoulos and his deputy tendered their resignations , but this offer was rejected by Karamanlis . The government has been quick to condemn the death of Grigoropoulos in a bid to defuse the crisis . Two police officers have been arrested . Watch youths riot in Greece " "  An investigation is under way and those found responsible with be punished , " said Pavlopoulos Sunday . "  Measures will also be taken to avoid such incidents again in the future . " Much of the violence have been blamed on self-styled anarchists -- although opposition parties have been quick to blame the Greek government for the crisis . The Communist party has announced that a rally will take place in Athens Monday . See images of anarchy on Greek streets " Is there a wider political context to the unrest ? Greece has endured a tumultuous 18 months . Karamanlis called a snap election in mid-2007 to back his proposals for reforming Greece 's social and economic system , including the privatization of ailing public institutions such as Olympic Airlines . He has argued that such reforms are necessary if Greece is to compete with the rest of Europe and the wider world . Karamanlis assured workers -- one in five of whom lives below the poverty line according to government statistics -- that massive layoffs would not result from the reforms . What happened ? Just weeks before the September election , forest fires ravaged much of Greece , leaving at least 70 people dead . Many blamed Greece 's slow bureaucracy for not responding quickly enough to the disaster . For his part Karamanlis suggested that the blazes might have been set by political extremists ahead of the vote -- a claim that his left-wing rivals claimed was made to destabilize the nation . Karamanlis was re-elected for a second term -- but only by a slim majority . How have the reform plans fared ? Not well . Union leaders -- who represent around half the Greek workforce to a union -- have argued that planned pensions reforms , which would end most forms of early retirement , fail to protect workers . "  It is unjust and unfair to all categories of workers , mainly working mothers and young people entering the labor force , " Yiannis Panagopoulos , head of GSEE , one of the two main labor unions , said in March . The government has argued that such reforms are especially necessary , given how the nation 's low birthrate will likely impose a burden on future generations . There have been several strikes during the past year that at various times have hit all transport networks , including international airports , schools , courts , banks , public offices , hospitals , utilities and media organizations . At times garbage has been left uncollected and homes and offices have suffered power blackouts . A demonstration in Athens during the latest general strike during October descended into skirmishes as protesters confronted police , who responded with tear gas . The worldwide financial crisis has hit Greece hard as well . The government has been forced to cut ambitious growth targets , despite a projected GDP growth of about 3 percent -- above fellow Eurozone nations . Flagging revenues have also forced the government to impose new taxes on capital gains and the self-employed , and also to bring forward plans for privatization . Is there a history of unrest in Greece ? Greece gave the world the word and ideal "  democracy " and has itself enjoyed a period of political stability since the mid 1970s . A member of NATO and the European Union , it became a parliamentary democracy in 1952 following civil unrest after the end of World War II . But a coup in 1967 saw the army take control , ban elections and institute a repressive right-wing junta that eventually abolished the monarchy in 1973 . Civil unrest saw the overthrow of the regime and the introduction of a republic in 1975 . Since then Greece has gradually sought to redefine and modernize its image , especially during the past decade , staging the Olympics in 2004 and attempting to forge stronger ties with Turkey , its traditional rival . But Greece has not been without civil strike beyond street demonstrations . For more than two decades the November 17 terror group carried out at least 25 murders against Greeks and other nationals , including the assassinations of U.S. CIA Athens chief Richard Welch in 1975 and British diplomat Brigadier Stephen Saunders in 2000 . The remaining members of the group were eventually caught in 2002 . What next for Greece ? Even if the street violence subsides , the political pressure on Karamanlis is unlikely to subside -- more so given how he has staked his name on economic reform . His administration survived a turbulent 2007 -- and 2008 has given Greece more of the same .	Greece has endured unrest with youths battling police on the streets Government has endured a rocky year as it tries to introduce economic reform Opposition parties , unions , argue planned changes will harm workers Greece has had a period of democracy since military junta overthrown in 1970s
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In China , a sex scandal is often more than just a sex scandal -- because it often involves public money . So jilted mistresses have stepped forward as graft-busters in China 's crackdown on corruption . Consider the fate of Liu Tienan . The party official lost his job earlier this year after a former mistress revealed he had embezzled $ 200 million from banks . "  They have become the most effective way in combating corruption , " says social commentator and author Lijia Zhang . "  And when these mistresses become the most effective way , that means the government crackdown has n't been very effective . " China 's anti-corruption drive has targeted so-called "  tigers and flies " -- the powerful leaders and lowly officials who are defrauding the nation . Party at stake With the very legitimacy of the Communist Party at stake , the fight against graft has been a main focus of Chinese President Xi Jinping , with his anti-corruption tsar Wang Qishan at his side . But how effective has it been ? Putting aside the widely publicized fall of Bo Xilai , which is viewed by many as the result of an internal power struggle , the Party has yet to make a significant number of high-level corruption take-downs . "  Xi Jinping has only caught one tiger , a very powerful former head of the China National Petroleum Corporation  CNPC  , " says political analyst and scholar Willy Lam , referring to Jiang Jiemin , the former CNPC chief , who also held massive control over China 's state-owned firms . China-watchers are keeping a close eye on a far bigger beast -- China 's high-ranking ex-security chief , Zhou Yongkang . "  At least half of the vice-ministerial and ministerial levels who Xi Jinping has brought to justice have close connections to Zhou Yongkang , " Lam tells me . "  This is an important litmus test as to whether Wang Qishan and Xi Jinping are willing to break certain conventions . "  Because there is one well-known convention within the Communist Party ... former and current officials of the Politburo Standing Committee are untouchable . " No rule of law They are untouchable due to the lack of checks and balances in China . "  It 's like if a person is ill , he takes his own pulse , prescribes his own medicine , he takes an X-ray on himself and then -- if need be -- he will operate on himself , " says Reuters ' Beijing-based correspondent Benjamin Lim . "  That 's not possible , but that 's what is happening in China . " China 's political elite is also untouchable thanks to China 's lack of rule of law . "  There is no rule of law , so people who have good ` guanxi , ' people who have good connections with the co-called ` red aristocracy ' -- or top officials -- can grease the palms of the officials to get things done and jump the queue , " says Lam . Without the rule of law or a powerful independent organization against corruption , prospects for reform in China are dim . "  There will not be meaningful real reform , " says Zhang . "  Because general reform will require a leader who will have courage and will hurt the interests of his family and friends . " "  Xi Jinping has to become strong in order to reform , " adds Lim . "  But of course if he becomes strong , he may not reform . " Easy targets Meanwhile , the Party fixes its focus on lower , easy-to-reach targets -- going after petty officialdom with an austerity drive targeting luxury spending . "  At the end of the day , Xi Jinping 's policy of restricting conspicuous consumption , putting an end to banquets and six star hotels , is popular , " says Lam . "  Nonetheless , regarding big-time corruption that means the passing of the envelope and greasing the palm through a billion-yuan kickback -- all of this continues to go on . " China 's war on corruption is merely the swatting of flies .	Jilted mistresses have become key weapon in exposing graft Fighting corruption a key policy of Chinese President Xi Jinping Campaign has not been effective , with few high-profile targets Party fixes its focus on petty officialdom , banning lavish banquets and gifts
The images are shocking . A man apparently wielding an ax looms over a figure lying spreadeagled on the cobbled road , clad in red overalls . The first man turns to face the camera as it passes and watches , ax in hand , as it drives into the distance . Almost more disturbingly , swiveling around on Google Street View , a man stands watching the grisly scene , hand nonchalantly resting on his hip . All three faces are blurred . But the identities of the two men at the center of the tableau are far from a secret in this corner of Edinburgh . The man lying seemingly lifeless on the ground is Dan Thompson , who has owned and run the Tomson Motor Company on Giles Street -- in the Edinburgh district of Leith -- for 30 years . Above him , longtime employee Gary Kerr . Zoom closer and , through the distortion , Kerr 's expression could make you shudder . The "  axman " is laughing . His boss and apparent victim is chuckling too , when he describes the hoax to CNN . Thompson and Kerr have been at the center of much media attention in Britain after a local newspaper picked up the story of their Google Street View "  murder . " But it took a while . The photos , Thompson reckons , were taken around August 2012 . "  Giles Street is like a misshapen horseshoe . By chance , I saw the Street View car going in other leg . I knew it would reach us in half a minute , " he says . "  I had just enough time to whip in , grab Gary and a pick-ax handle and he came out to give me a so called ` Leith massage , ' which is essentially being bashed . " Kerr has worked at the Tomson Motor Company for more than a decade , and was "  right up " for the prank , Thompson said . He said Google had apparently uploaded the images and some months later the company was alerted when one of its suppliers rang it up "  in fits of laughter . " Thompson said it was more than a year before someone apparently alerted the police , who he says "  very properly " came around to check out the incident . "  A WPC -LSB- female police officer -RSB- has her car serviced here and she said ' I know exactly what 's going on here -- it 's a wind up . ' "  They came in and said ` you guys , do you happen to know anything about this ? ' We explained what had happened , " Thompson said . "  They were smiling when they came in and were roaring with laughter when they left . " Thompson said that he had n't heard from Google about the prank but speculated that the publicity it had generated would be very good for the company . "  It 's nothing obscene , but now a lot more people know about Street View -- so I would think this must be a joy to them . " When CNN contacted Google about the prank , the company declined to comment . Thompson fears that his tableau may not be long for the cyberworld . "  Infuriatingly I think last Thursday the Street View car went past and we had n't set anything up , " he said . "  I expect there will ll be a lot of copycats of this now but the trick is spotting -LSB- the Street View car -RSB- in time . " As for the police , they told CNN they would "  always respond to any reports of concern for personal safety . "	Images of Edinburgh 's Giles Street on Google Street View appear to show an axe murder But mechanics Dan Thompson and Gary Kerr say they staged the "  murder " for a laugh Thompson said he spotted the car coming and grabbed Kerr in time to set-up the tableau He said that the image was spotted by a supplier and police later visited to investigate
CNN  We had no idea how much we would really , really , really , really like Tom Hanks lip-syncing to a Carly Rae Jepsen song , but we really do . Hanks shows up in the new video for "  I Really Like You , " "  singing " Jepsen 's part throughout . The Oscar-winning actor is apparently playing himself , signing autographs for fans , and generally being a very cheery movie star , before he and Jepsen take part in a flash mob . So what exactly is Tom Hanks doing in this video in the first place ? Turns out he is good friends with Scooter Braun , manager for Jepsen  and Justin Bieber , who also appears in the video  . He even sang and danced at Braun 's wedding . ABC reported that Hanks suggested himself to play the role , after Jepsen said it would be amusing for a man to lip-sync her song . The result , as you can see , is kind of magical .	Tom Hanks makes surprise appearance in Carly Rae Jepsen video dancing and lip-syncing Hanks is friends with Jepsen 's manager , Scooter Braun Hanks volunteered to be in the video
CNN  -- It was the late 1960s and Tom Repasky was in a fog . H. Michael Karshis owns thousands of albums but Steely Dan 's "  Ca n't Buy a Thrill " holds a special place in his heart . "  I was trying to discover who I was , what I was and what I was doing here , " he said . In 1963 , at age 14 , Repasky was on a field trip with his seminary when he and another student accidentally fell down a steep ledge while throwing rocks at upperclassmen . A tree broke his friend 's fall , but Repasky was not so lucky . Repasky awoke in the hospital , but says he was unable to remember even the smallest detail of his past . "  It was as if I did n't exist before that time , " he said . This experience scarred him , to the point that he was asked to leave the seminary by the end of the year . "  I clearly was not the same person , " he said . "  After my near-death experience , there was this prolonged period of not being able to relate to reality very well . " Several years after his accident , Repasky first heard the Moody Blues song "  Nights in White Satin . " "  After I heard these lyrics , I thought , ` They know what I 'm feeling . ' " He sought out their album "  Days of Future Passed . " He was particularly drawn to the lyrics from their song "  Dawn is a Feeling : " "  You are here today ; no future fears ; this day will last 1,000 years , if you want it to . " Repasky , who now lives in Danville , Pennsylvania , and is an artist , often goes back to this album . "  When I hear the music , it brings me to the point of realizing that I had experienced life and I could be alive , and it brings me great joy in knowing that . " The part of "  Nights in White Satin " where the words "  I love you " are repeated always moves Repasky , even 40 years later . iReport.com : Watch Repasky tell his story Repasky is one of many iReporters who shared the album that first hooked them and has stayed with them throughout their lives . H. Michael Karshis owns about 3,200 albums , but one holds a special place in his heart : "  Ca n't Buy a Thrill " by Steely Dan . Even though his mother worked in a record store in 1973  which helps explain the number of albums he owns  , "  Ca n't Buy a Thrill " was the first one he bought with his own money , at the age of 12 . "  Reelin ' in the Years " was the song that hooked him . "  It 's almost an ode to a distant past , " he said . "  I remember listening to that before I was 17 and thinking about how old 17 was . It has a different connotation and meaning the older you get , but it 's still a poignant , relevant song . " Whenever Karshis moves into a new home , one of the first things he does is to crank up the stereo and play the album . "  It 's just one of those timeless albums and it 's hard to describe how it affects me . " Karshis , who works as a graphic artist in San Antonio , Texas , thinks the cover of the album has influenced his artwork . "  I 'm not saying I got it all from the Steely Dan cover , but it 's amazing how it permeates everything I do now . " iReport.com : Karshis talks about one album in his massive collection Sal Steels of Denver , Colorado , first rocked out to Van Halen 's album "  1984 " about 20 years ago , and has n't stopped since . In fact , he demonstrated the way he feels when the song "  Panama " starts in a video for iReport.com . For Steels , "  1984 " is "  one of those you have in the car . It 's one you make a backup CD for . " He listens to it constantly and considers "  Panama " his favorite song of all time . iReport.com : Sal Steels rocks out to Van Halen Not all iReporters listen to their most influential album regularly . Diane Holder of Ann Arbor , Michigan , had fond memories of Pink Floyd 's "  The Wall , " but it had been a while since she had heard it . "  Twice before , I went back and looked at something that I cherished as a memory from my childhood , -LSB- and -RSB- the results were not very good , " she said . Despite her hesitation , she listened to the album online . In this case , she was pleasantly surprised by how well it stood the test of time , and she ended up downloading the whole thing . "  For me , that is remarkable . I can count on my fingers the albums I have bought . " Jill Pearson of Atlanta , Georgia , is such a fan of Elton John 's "  Goodbye Yellow Brick Road " that she created a video quiz for the iReport.com community . Pearson has been going back to the album off and on for years . "  It takes me back to my college days and he 's just one of my favorite performers , " she said . iReport.com : Take the Elton John quiz For some iReporters , one album opened their eyes to something new . Marvin Gaye 's "  What 's Going On " was not the first album Tony Bernez bought , but he considers it an important work , not just for himself , but for his generation . He considers it "  one of the most ground-breaking , consciousness-raising and inspiring concept albums of its time , or any other time , for that matter . " "  It marked a transcendent change from the Motown R&B songs that Marvin had previously released , and it spoke to the pain , injustice , and uncertainty of the turbulent 1960s and early 1970s , " he said . "  I just listened to it yesterday , and it still moves me in a very special way . " For Lulis Leal , one album completely changed her philosophy of life . She had not been exposed to Rush 's music before their ninth album , "  Signals , " was released , but when she heard the song "  Subdivisions , " Neal Peart 's drumming had her hooked . Leal listened to more of Rush 's music and soon learned that the band was influenced by author Ayn Rand . After reading her novels , Leal began to adapt Rand 's philosophy into her own life . Fred Thorne was a big fan of much of the popular music of the 1980s when he was 14 , but the moment he heard R.E.M. 's song "  Fall on Me " on alternative radio , he was determined to own the album "  Life 's Rich Pageant . " After buying not just one , but three R.E.M. albums , his musical tastes changed forever . Thorne went on to play in bands for 18 years . "  If you ask me , R.E.M. is the godfather of indie sound . " iReport.com : Fred Thorne pays tribute to R.E.M. Whether it 's nostalgia , an appreciation of great songwriting , or even a life-changing experience , music has certainly done a lot to help these iReporters throughout their lives . "  Music can be that one thing that can bring a bright spot to anyone 's life , " said iReporter Crystal Dickson . "  Where would we be without it ? "	iReporters share the albums that stayed with them throughout their lives The Moody Blues got one iReporter through a near-death experience H. Michael Karshis owns thousands of albums , but loves Steely Dan the most iReport.com : What album had a lasting impact on you ?
CNN  -- The diapered child is bombarded with obscenities and racial slurs by the adults around him . The African-American toddler knocks down a chair and gives nearly as good as he gets , responding to some of the comments with an upraised middle finger and telling one of the adults at one point , "  Shut up , bitch . " The adults laugh and prompt him to repeat other crudities . Just another day on the Internet -- until the police union in Omaha , Nebraska , posted the clip on its website to highlight what it called the "  cycle of violence and thuggery " the community faces . Now , the Omaha Police Officers ' Association is under fire from the city 's police chief , the ACLU and at least one community leader . They say the move needlessly antagonizes the city 's minority communities , who make up about a quarter of Omaha 's 409,000 residents . Sgt. John Wells , the union 's president , said the video was "  disturbing " and "  offensive . " "  The focus here is n't on any particular ethnic group . The focus here is on the troubling behavior towards this child , " Wells said . "  This behavior is going to potentially lead this child down a path that is completely unhealthy . " On the website where the video is hosted , the union said the clip came from "  a local thug 's public Facebook page . " "  We here at OmahaPOA.com viewed the video and we knew that despite the fact that it is sickening , heartbreaking footage , we have an obligation to share it to continue to educate the law abiding public about the terrible cycle of violence and thuggery that some young innocent children find themselves helplessly trapped in , " the police union wrote in a post accompanying the video . "  Now while we did n't see anything in this video that is blatantly ` illegal , ' we sure did see a lot that is flat out immoral and completely unhealthy for this little child from a healthy upbringing standpoint , " it added . Wells said one of the adults mentions a local street gang in the video . "  That is why when we talk about the culture , the criminal culture , that this is to try to break the cycle and deal with the culture of violence and the culture of gang activity , " he said . But in a city where police officers ' treatment of minorities led to lawsuits , criminal charges against two officers and the firings and reassignments of several others in the past year , critics say the video is poking at raw wounds . Willie Hamilton , president of the community activist group Black Men United , said the union "  crossed a line by doing this . " "  For them to take a video out of context -- a 2-year-old who does n't have the brain capacity to know what 's going on -- and to say that this child , because two adults acted inappropriately , is going to end up in a life of crime is totally inappropriate , " Hamilton said . And the American Civil Liberties Union of Nebraska , which filed an excessive-force suit against the Omaha Police Department on behalf of an African-American family on Monday , said the union 's use of "  racially charged language " was "  very disconcerting . " "  Officers should be working to build a culture where anyone feels comfortable calling law enforcement , " ACLU of Nebraska Executive Director Becki Brenner said in a written statement . "  The manner in which the Officers Association has discussed this incident has done nothing but further erode community trust and reinforce the need for independent oversight , trainings , and other reforms . " Police Chief Todd Schmaderer tried to distance his agency from the controversy in a statement issued Tuesday , saying that the union 's website and Facebook page are separate from those of the Omaha Police Department and that he has little authority over the public statements of union members . "  With that background and understanding , I want to make it explicit and clear that the views expressed on the OPOA Facebook page do not necessarily reflect the official stance of the Omaha Police Department , " Schmaderer said . "  I strongly disagree with any postings that may cause a divide in our community or an obstacle to police community relations . " Hamilton said the statement was too little , too late . Schmaderer was speaking out only "  because this thing is on the Internet and went viral , " he said . "  What do you think it 's going to do about the trust level ? You think we 're going to call you and tell you anything ? No . All this is doing is highlighting that . " Wells said union members have turned the video over to the department 's child victim unit , which will work with child-welfare agencies to investigate the circumstances . He said the organization "  did n't think we 'd get this big of a reaction . " "  Hopefully , the impact is , it gives law-abiding citizens what law enforcement deals with on a daily basis , and it sort of throws back the blinders that these type of problems are going on , " he said . "  And we can have a very frank and open discussion on how to tackle these issues and come up with solutions . " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Video shows toddler bombarded with obscenities , coached to respond in kind Omaha police union says it illustrates "  a cycle of violence and thuggery " ACLU and African-American leaders blast the video Omaha police chief condemns posts "  that may cause a divide in our community "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The MTV Video Music Awards competed with Vice President Joe Biden 's convention speech Thursday night , offering Olympic gold medal gymnast Gabby Douglas doing flips and rapper Lil ' Wayne stage diving . MTV moved the East Coast broadcast of the Los Angeles show up an hour when programmers realized they would be up against President Barack Obama 's acceptance speech unless they ended the two-hour show by 10 p.m. . One Direction claimed the most screen time , winning three "  Moon Man " trophies and performing their pop hit "  One Thing " in the show . The UK boy band won for best new artist , best pop video and the "  most shareworthy " video . The 2012 version of MTV 's big show passed without a major faux pas , such as happened three years ago when Kanye West interrupted Taylor Swift 's acceptance of the best female video award to say it should have gone to Beyonce . Who were the big winners ? Beyonce lost again , this time to Nicki Minaj for her "  Starships " video , but Kanye was not in the house to object this year , choosing to be in New York with girlfriend Kim Kardashian instead . Rihanna , who also lost to Minaj , took the night 's biggest honor later in the show , winning video of the year for "  We Found Love . " Rihanna opened the show performing a "  Cockiness/We Found Love " medley with A$ AP Rocky . While Swift was left out of the trophy handouts , she did close the show by dancing and singing "  We Are Never Getting Back Together , " and ending with a stage dive into the crowd . Rihanna 's ex-boyfriend Chris Brown looked all business in a dress suit as he took the stage to accept the best male video award for "  Turn Up The Music . " In winning , he beat hip hop rival Drake , who was also on the other side of an infamous bar fight earlier this year . Host Kevin Hart joked about the Brown-Drake nightclub clash , telling both artists "  Nip it in the bud , guys . I 'm tired of it . Fix it tonight . " Drake got his own "  Moon Man " statue when his "  HYFR " won for best hip hop video . That video "  is about being me being black and Jewish , " Drake said in his acceptance . It was dedicated "  to any kid that 's ever had a long walk home by yourself . " Drake 's recording partners 2 Chainz and Lil ' Wayne got the Staples Center crowd on their feet with a rap performance that the television audience did not get to completely hear . The censor cut frequent expletives in their lyrics , leaving viewers to hear a song punctuated with frequent silent gaps . Lil ' Wayne , who entered on a skateboard , ended with a dive off the stage . In contrast , singer Frank Ocean delivered the most subtle performance of the night with a rendition of his "  Thinkin ' About You . " Other performances included P!nk doing aerial acrobatics as she sang and Green Day , who set a record for the most VMA performances with "  Let Yourself Go . " The "  Fierce Five " U.S. women 's gymnastics team took the stage to introduce Alicia Keys , who performed her newest song , "  Girl On Fire , " with Minaj . Gold medalist Gabby Douglas did flips while Keys sang . MTV gave the Twilight film franchise cast -- minus Kristen Stewart -- the stage to introduce a 90-second clip from "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn - Part 2 . " As the show ended -- and presumably as most viewers prepared to change channels to see Obama 's speech -- Hart put in a plug for them to take the time to vote in the election . "  It 's in our hands , " Hart said . Who had the best performance ? CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	One Direction claims three "  Moon Man " trophies and performs "  One Thing " The 2012 version of MTV 's big show passes without a major faux pas Beyonce loses again , but Kanye West was not in the house to object Host Kevin Hart tells Drake and Chris Brown : "  Nip it in the bud , guys . I 'm tired of it . Fix it tonight "
CNN  -- They 've already conquered YouTube . Now , a dream team of viral video superstars is hoping to hit the big screen . On Monday , the masterminds behind "  The Chronicles of Rick Roll " released a four-minute trailer they hope will help them finish bankrolling a feature-length film . The video , an update of a shorter , more cryptic teaser trailer that has been circulating online for a few weeks , features Antoine "  Bed Intruder " Dodson , Bear "  Double Rainbow " Vasquez and Gary "  Numa Numa " Brolsma among others . Executive producer Andrew Fischer estimates the half-dozen internet meme makers in the trailer have accounted for more than 2 billion page views combined  including , he said , copycat versions of their videos and views on sites other than YouTube  . He said he 's hoping the film , for which he said he 's still pursuing additional financial backing , "  will quite literally market itself . " Others in the low-budget trailer include Brian "  Boom Goes the Dynamite " Collins , Ben "  Leeroy Jenkins " Schulz and Steven and Jack Quire , the brothers from the "  Freakout Kid " video . No word on whether "  David After Dentist " or the dramatic chipmunk were unavailable . Fischer , who also wrote the script and appears as title character "  Rick Rolland "  a role he said he 'd happily hand over to a more professional actor  , said the trailer was shot in Colorado in January . "  Everyone was pretty excited from the beginning and everyone really enjoyed working together , too , " he said . "  That 's one of those dynamics -- you do n't know how it 's going to turn out , but it went really well . " All of the video stars were asked to stay quiet about the ultimate goal of the filming until now , Fischer said . "  We 're obviously all hoping to be working again in the near future , " he said . The trailer , which Fischer previewed for CNN earlier Monday , comes across as a tongue-in-cheek take on epic adventures such as "  The Chronicles of Narnia " and "  The Lord of the Rings . " In it , the main character is transported into a woodsy realm called "  Middle Internet " to rescue a girl he met on a dating site . With the help of the viral stars , he battles evil creatures such as living , breathing pop-up ads . Fischer said he hopes the new trailer will help convince financial backers to jump onboard . He said he also hopes it will help dispel the theory that the whole thing is just a big joke . Some , including fans of the movie 's Facebook page , have questioned whether it 's all a setup . After all , the movie 's name is a reference to a viral online trick . Fischer acknowledged a grand con would be fun but said that 's not what 's going on . He 's put the name of his production company , NURV , behind it -- not to mention the money spent to record a theater-quality trailer , he said . "  That would be a lot of money to waste on a RickRoll , " he said . "  We have a reputation to keep . We 're not going to put something on IMDB , do all of these press interviews and put a trailer out just for a joke . I 'd never be able to do anything again . " NURV , based in Colorado Springs , Colorado , specializes in viral marketing , video production and editing and other media-related jobs . The movie effort is n't Fischer 's first time embarking on a high-profile , unconventional Web-based venture . In 2005 , Fischer grabbed international attention by auctioning off advertising space on his forehead on Ebay . The winners , a stop-snoring-fast company , paid him more than $ 37,000 for a temporary tattoo .	Dream team of viral video YouTube stars hopes to hit big screen in comedy-movie project Masterminds behind "  The Chronicles of Rick Roll " release a four-minute online trailer Trailer features Antoine "  Bed Intruder " Dodson , Bear "  Double Rainbow " Vasquez and others
CNN Student News  -- March 10 , 2014 A mystery surrounds the disappearance of a passenger plane in Southeast Asia , and we 'll start off today by telling you what was unusual about the flight . We also look at some of the first wartime photographs ever taken and contrast them with current tension in the same region . Other stories include a survey of college freshmen and the outcome of a marathon spelling bee . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How do you think that images taken by photojournalists in war have changed over time ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . flight data recorder 2 . Crimean War 3 . financial aid Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What do we know about Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? What mystery surrounds this flight ? What is the first priority for investigators ? 2 . According to the video , from what conflict are the first official photographs of war ? Who fought in this war ? When did it take place ? What was the most famous image to emerge from this war ? Why is this image controversial ? What famous poem was written about a battle in this conflict ? 3 . What does a new UCLA survey tell us about what factor students consider "  very important " when choosing a college ? According to the survey , how might this factor impact what colleges students are actually attending ? 4 . What 's unique about the "  Smart Home " seen in the video ? What are some of the things this home can do ? How does the owner "  talk to " the house ? Discussion Questions : 1 . If you were investigating the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , what initial questions might guide your investigation ? How would you go about finding answers to those questions ? 2 . In the study of history , what are some examples of primary sources ? Why are primary sources , like the photos from the Crimean War , valuable ? What kinds of information might primary sources provide that secondary sources can not ? 3 . If you plan to go to college , what factors are foremost in your mind as you decide where to go ? If cost is a concern , where might you go to find out what your options are for financial aid ? 4 . What might be some benefits of a programmable home ? Can you think of any downsides ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- More than 30 people have been shot dead in Nigeria , the head of Amnesty International said Friday , only a day after the rights group accused Nigerian security forces of committing serious abuses in their efforts to crack down on the militant Islamist group Boko Haram in the region . The latest deaths occurred in the town of Maiduguri , in Borno state , which has been the scene of much of the violence as Boko Haram seeks to impose a strict version of Sharia law in the Muslim-dominated northern part of the country . Amnesty International Secretary General Salil Shetty said : "  We have certainly confirmed from our contacts that over 30 people have been killed -- summary executions , we understand ; bodies found in the morgue . " Witnesses told Amnesty and CNN that security forces from the Joint Task Force , or military , carried out the killings . Opinion : Nigeria is a sinking ship , but we must not desert it "  These are not isolated examples -- it 's happening all the time , " Shetty added . "  Ordinary citizens are simply caught in the crossfire . " Shetty appealed for the government to ensure the rule of law was followed by its own forces in tackling the militant groups . "  There 's no way in which we can improve the security situation in the north , which we all want ... by increasing insecurity , " he said . "  We can not improve human rights by taking people 's lives and for security forces to be themselves beyond the pale of the law is just simply unacceptable . " Lt. Col. Sagir Musa , a spokesman for the Joint Task Force , told CNN that the reported killings are under investigation . "  JTF does n't condone or encourage infractions or indiscipline and where that happens we immediately visit sanctions accordingly , " Musa said . Read more : Why Nigerians are no longer content with ` suffering and smiling ' Meanwhile , the military blamed Boko Haram for killing retired Major Gen. Muhammadu Shuwa and a guest in Maiduguri Friday . Four gunmen entered Gen. Shuwa 's house and opened fire on him and his guests , Nigerian military spokesman Lt. Col. Sagir Musa said in a statement . Nigerian troops located in the area immediately cordoned off the area and are searching for the assailants , he said . In its report Thursday , Amnesty International condemned the increasingly brutal attacks carried out by Boko Haram since 2009 , but said Nigeria 's security forces "  have perpetrated serious human rights violations " in their response . Opinion : Could it finally be springtime for Nigeria ? "  Hundreds of people accused of links to Boko Haram have been arbitrarily detained without charge or trial ; others have been extrajudicially executed or subjected to enforced disappearance , " the report said . "  At the same time , the Nigerian government has failed to adequately prevent or investigate the attacks or to bring perpetrators to justice ; and victims have not received prompt and adequate reparation and remedy . "  The cycle of attacks and counterattacks has been marked by unlawful violence on both sides with devastating consequences for the human rights of the people trapped in the middle . " Read more : Facebook ` stalkers ' face trial for model 's murder A spokesman for the Nigerian military , Col. Mohammed Yerima , rejected the allegations made in Thursday 's report . "  We sincerely disagree with the report released by Amnesty International , " he told CNN . "  We believe that their statistical data is unfounded . They did n't interview anybody from Boko Haram , and they did n't interview us ; they seemed to have just spoken to people on the street . " He also dismissed allegations made in the report that the military participated in extrajudicial killings of suspects or used torture during interrogations . "  We deny that . What would we gain from killing people like that ? We do n't torture , we interrogate . If they are found not to be members of Boko Haram , we release them immediately , take them back to where we picked them up and we apologize , " he said . Amnesty International said it had shared its findings with the Nigerian authorities before it published the report , as well as requesting further information on certain cases , but that it had received no response . Read more : Suicide bomber kills 7 in Nigerian church Its researchers met with senior government officials , including the ministers for police affairs , justice and the interior , and the defense headquarters representative , the rights group said . Amnesty International also acknowledged the challenges faced by under-resourced police in the face of militant activity , and said the attacks by Boko Haram targeting civilians "  may constitute crimes against humanity . " Read more : Nigeria arrests a suspected militant leader Over the past three years , Boko Haram has waged a violent campaign of bombings of Christian churches that have killed hundreds and wounded many more . There have been fewer attacks by Christian militant groups . Nigeria has almost equal numbers of Christian and Muslims , with the south predominantly Christian . Boko Haram and other Muslim groups claim the north has been starved of resources and marginalized by the government of President Goodluck Jonathan , a Christian . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	More than 30 people have been shot dead in Maiduguri , says Amnesty International The news comes a day after the rights group accused Nigerian security forces of abuses The military accuses Boko Haram gunmen of shooting a retired general and his guest Boko Haram , a militant Islamist group , has killed hundreds in attacks on churches
Washington  CNN  -- The United States will not return North Korea to its list of state sponsors of terrorism despite its alleged role in the sinking of a South Korea naval ship in contested waters off the peninsula 's coast . "  In our view , it was a provocative action but one taken by the military or the state against the military of another state , " U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Philip Crowley said Monday in his explanation of why the sinking did n't constitute an act of international terrorism . When asked if the sinking was an "  act of war , " Crowley called it a "  violation of the existing armistice between North and South , " adding the United States continuously evaluates information that may affect the status of nations on the terror list . Crowley 's remarks came ahead of Tuesday 's scheduled meetings between Wi Sung-lac , South Korea 's representative to six-party nuclear talks with North Korea , and State Department officials . North Korea last year cut off the talks involving the United States , China , South Korea , Japan and Russia over international criticism of its nuclear and missile tests . Why are the two Koreas so hostile ? North Korea has vehemently denied charges it fired a torpedo that sank the navy ship Cheonan and has accused the United States of "  persistently antagonizing " it . In a final statement issued Saturday , Group of Eight leaders condemned North Korea 's government for its alleged role in the March 26 sinking of the Cheonan , which killed 46 sailors , and expressed grave concerns over its nuclear ambitions . The G8 nations include United States , Canada , France , Germany , Britain , Italy , Japan and Russia . Two weeks ago , U.N. Security Council President Claude Heller said the U.N. body was "  gravely concerned " about tensions between the Koreas after the ship sinking . Friday marked the 60th anniversary of the start of the Korean War , which ended in 1953 with an armistice but no peace treaty .	North Korea wo n't make terror list for alleged sinking of South Korean naval ship South Korean nuclear envoy to be in Washington Tuesday G8 leaders expressed concerns over North Korea 's nuclear ambitions
CNN  -- From the Epic of Gilgamesh , composed in Mesopotamia 4,000 years ago , to Evan Almighty -- Hollywood 's 2007 take on the Noah 's Ark story -- floods and their catastrophic effects have long provided inspiration for storytellers . As global warming provokes increasingly severe weather events , however , the gap between art and life is fast narrowing , with apocalyptic flooding scenarios now as common in reality as in the imaginations of Hollywood scriptwriters . Recent flooding in the UK , for example -- the worst for 60 years -- left some 30,000 people homeless and the insurance industry facing over # 3 billion  $ 6 billion  in payouts . Torrential rains in India , Nepal and Bangladesh have caused even greater misery , claiming hundreds of lives and displacing an estimated 20 million civilians . In the U.S. , meanwhile , New Orleans continues to suffer from the ravages of 2005 's Hurricaine Katrina , with much of the city still empty and uninhabitable two years after the deluge . With low-lying areas around the world increasingly susceptible to flooding -- this at a time when population growth has necessitated the construction of more and more homes in such areas -- the question of how to balance the need for housing with the dangers of rising water levels has never been more pressing . In the Netherlands , where half the country lies below mean sea level and flooding has long been a fact of life , construction and engineering company Dura Vermeer has come up with a novel and , when you think about it , obvious solution to the problem : houses that float . "  These type of homes offer a good way of dealing with the effects of climate change , " Dura Vermeer spokesman Johan van der Pol told CNN . "  Unlike normal houses , they are extremely flexible when it comes to flooding , able to deal with a sea level rise of up to five metres . "  In a country such as Holland , where flooding is a serious problem , this sort of technology could have an extremely important role to play . " The company has developed two variations on the same theme : a floating house which , as the name suggests , sits permanently on the water like a boat ; and an amphibious house that stands on dry land but , in the event of floods , is able to rise with the water . Both employ a large hollow concrete cube at their base to provide buoyancy , and are "  moored " in pairs to huge steel piles to keep them anchored in one place , the piles enabling them to withstand currents as strong as you would find on the open seas . Water and electricity are brought in through flexible pipes that have been adapted to bend and move with the swell of the water . In every other respect they look and feel like normal homes -- albeit up-market designer homes -- with split-level accommodation , wooden balconies and clapboard exteriors painted cheery shades of yellow , green and blue . "  The steel piles mean that residents experience no horizontal , side-to-side movement , " explains van der Pol . "  Although there is a small amount of vertical , up and down movement , most residents say they find the feeling quite enjoyable . "  These houses not only offer protection against floods , but also great quality of living and low environmental impact . " So far Dura Vermeer has built 46 such water-friendly units - 14 floating and 32 amphibious - at Maasbommel , on the banks of the River Maas in Gelderland province in the centre of the country . The technology and design -- the latter provided by Dutch architectural firm Factor Architecten -- took three years to develop , although obtaining a government green light for the project took considerably longer . "  After the disastrous floods of 1995 the Dutch government laid down strict rules forbidding the building of houses beside rivers . "  We had a lot of discussion with them and eventually those rules were adapted to allow for the construction of suitable housing at fifteen separate river locations , of which Maasbommel is one . "  Our philosophy is that you can look at water as a threat , but also as a challenge and a commercial opportunity . Combining water and housing is the obvious way forward in countries such as the Netherlands . " Floating buildings are certainly not the only way of achieving such a combination . Dura Vermeer is also developing what they term "  dry-proof " and "  wet-proof " houses , the former designed to prevent water intrusion , the latter to actually allow it . "  The idea with wet-proof houses is that all the essential rooms -- living room , kitchen , bedroom - are on the upper floors , " explains van der Pol . "  In the event of a flood you open the doors and allow the water to enter the non-essential lower rooms , which have been specially designed to resist water damage , with waterproof plaster and specially adapted electrics and plumbing . "  It is how houses in Holland always used to be built . " If there are a number of technological options , however , it is the idea of a floating house , one that can withstand rising water levels by literally rising with them , that has attracted the most interest , both within the Netherlands and from countries with similar flooding issues . "  There have been enquiries from around the world , " says van der Pol . "  We are now working with companies in the Far East , Asia , America and elsewhere in Europe , although we ourselves will only be building houses in Holland . " The houses are certainly not being touted as an alternative to conventional flood defenses such as dykes , levees and river barriers . Nor are they cheap , their starting price of 260,000 euros  $ 310,000  meaning that , in terms of mass construction , it is only the world 's more affluent nations that will be able to afford them  although as van der Pol points out , developing countries such as Bangladesh tend to use materials other than concrete to build houses , so probably would have much use for these type of structures anyway . In Europe , the U.S , and Canada , on the other hand , such buildings could well become the norm , with Dura Vermeer and a number of other Dutch companies already exploring the possibility of entire cities built in this manner . With scientists predicting sea-level rises of up to 110 cms  43 inches  by 2100 , and catastrophic weather events becoming ever more common , the floating house could be the only realistic way for people to continue living in low-lying areas without fear of losing their homes , possessions and even lives to flooding . As Dutch Housing Minister Sybilla Dekker recently put it : "  You can not fight water . You have to learn how to live with it . " Or in this case , float on it . ... . Are floating houses the answer to rising sea levels ? Would you live in a floating home ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum .	Dutch company develops range of floating and amphibious houses Homes built on air-filled concrete cubes that rise with floods Entire floating cities now being planned
CNN  -- Authorities arrested more than 100 members and associates of the street gang the Mexican Mafia in southern California as part of investigation into a wide range of offenses such as racketeering , kidnapping , attempted murder and drug trafficking , federal officials said . The arrests were made primarily in San Diego County and were the culmination of three major investigations on gang activity in the area , U.S. Attorney Laura Duffy said Wednesday . In early morning raids , federal and local authorities rounded up 104 suspects . The charges are detailed in 17 indictments and eight criminal complaints filed by the U.S. attorney 's office in San Diego . In all 119 suspected gang members were charged and authorities were trying to track down the remaining fugitives , Duffy said . The suspects are part of 20 major street gangs that were overseen by the Mexican Mafia , authorities said . "  Gangs were made to pay taxes in order to facilitate their trafficking and violent behavior , " said San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore .	The arrests were made primarily in San Diego County The alleged offenses include kidnapping , attempted murder and drug trafficking The suspects are part of 20 street gangs that were overseen by the Mexican Mafia
CNN  -- Police say guilt was written all over their faces . Police received a call Friday night that two men with hooded sweatshirts and painted faces had tried to break into a man 's home in Carroll , Iowa . When police stopped a vehicle matching the caller 's description blocks away , they were stunned by the men 's disguises . There were no ski masks or stockings pulled over their heads ; instead , Matthew Allan McNelly , 23 , and Joey Lee Miller , 20 , streaked their faces with permanent black marker . Carroll Police Chief Cayler told CNN the strange disguises made it easier for his officers . "  We 're very skilled investigators and the black faces gave them right away , " Cayler said jokingly . "  I have to assume the officers were kind of laughing at the time . I 've never heard of coloring your face with a permanent marker . " Cayler said police believe one of the alleged burglars targeted the home because he suspected his girlfriend had a relationship with the man who lived there . "  They probably were just not thinking straight and figured we 'll go out and scare the guy or whatever , " Cayler said . " -LSB- They were -RSB- being dumb and combine that with alcohol and it was the perfect storm . " Both men were charged with attempted burglary , and McNelly was charged additionally with operating a vehicle while intoxicated . Lawyers for the two men could not be reached for comment . Cayler said he 's been fielding calls about the case from news media outlets from all over the country -- mostly because of their funny-looking mug shots . "  I 've been chief here almost 25 years , been with the department 28 1/2 years and I 've seen a lot of things that make me laugh and weird things but this was probably the best combination of the two -- strangely weird and hilariously funny all at the same time . "	Matthew McNelly and Joey Miller streaked their faces permanent black marker Two men used marker as disguise as they allegedly tried to break into a home Police chief : "  We 're very skilled investigators and the black faces gave them right away " Both men were charged with attempted burglary ; McNelly faces additional charge
CNN  -- In 2013 , the Republican Party faces a big test . Members begin the new year in disarray , with their public approval ratings plummeting while Democrats still control the White House and Senate . The year is coming to a close with an embarrassing display of legislative ineptitude as House Republicans divided over a solution to the fiscal cliff . Without displaying the capacity for strong leadership , political parties ca n't succeed . Voters want parties that can get the nation out of trouble , not push them deeper into a hole . The GOP primaries were filled with aged political actors and oddballs who had trouble convincing Republican voters that they could really handle the presidency . Mitt Romney was the Republican choice by default . He never exhibited the kind of gravitas or inspiration for which voters look . In Congress , the problem for the GOP is even worse . In the House of Representatives , Speaker John Boehner has had almost no success keeping his troops in line . He has led a Republican Caucus that continues to drag down the image of Congress and create the impression that Republicans ca n't handle the responsibilities of power . The past two years of his leadership have revolved around the constant collapse of budgetary negotiations . House Republicans have used the once-routine decision over raising the debt ceiling as a tool of blackmail against the White House . Each time , the speaker has failed to bring Republicans to agreement , leaving the negotiations with Democrats in disarray . The situation became so bad that Congress and the White House agreed to impose stringent fiscal action automatically if Congress could not take action themselves . That 's why we face a fiscal cliff . Nor has Boehner displayed the kind of bold courage that would be needed to break with his own party and enter into a bipartisan deal with Democrats . This was the kind of action that President George H.W. Bush was willing to take in 1990 , a decision that cost him huge support . The result is a political cliff , more than a fiscal cliff , where one of the parties makes legislating impossible . In the Senate , the leadership has been more effective under Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , but only as a force of opposition . McConnell has served as a battering ram against the Democratic majority , using the power of the filibuster to hold up appointments and tie the Democrats ' agenda into knots . But leadership that is good only at saying no rarely inspires -- it 's about preserving gains rather than creating ideas . Even at the grass roots , conservative leaders allied with the GOP have not done well in recent weeks . In the wake of the shootings in Connecticut , the National Rifle Association , a major voice in conservative politics , responded by calling for more guns in the schools , just in the hands of the good guys , rather than on restrictions on the weapons used in this kind of carnage . As Republicans struggle to find common ground with Democrats over the budget , conservative leaders have generally been unyielding in their resistance to tax increases on most wealthy Americans , one that defies American political history and budgetary realism , to the point of making a deal impossible . While the role of movement organizers is always to push their allies toward ideological purity , effective leaders such as Martin Luther King Jr. also understood that elected officials needed the space to enter into deals so that decisions could be made . Great parties are always able to find great transformative leaders . Democrats , despite a miserable economy that lasted through World War II and being deeply divided along regional lines , found Franklin Roosevelt . He brought the factions of his own party together , moving government toward breakthrough deals and guiding the nation toward points of unity . In the 1940s and '50s , Speaker of the House Sam Rayburn did the same , finding the points where Southern and Northern Democrats could agree , and even brought some Republicans along . Ronald Reagan moved competing factions into one tent for the GOP in the 1980s , as did congressional leaders such as Kansas Sen. Robert Dole , who broke through politics to find compromises on issues such as tax hikes . Today , Republicans do n't have those kinds of leaders , and the public is not responding well . While there are many names being floated about for future elections , such as Bobby Jindal and Jeb Bush , the verdict is out as to how they would handle the intense pressures of national office . Republicans will need to show that their leadership wo n't simply perpetuate the gridlock in Washington . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	The Republican Party faces a big test in 2013 , says Julian Zelizer Without displaying a capacity for strong leadership , political parties ca n't succeed , he says House Speaker John Boehner has been unable to keep his troops in line , says Zelizer Zelizer : Boehner has not displayed the courage to enter into a deal with Democrats
CNN  -- The Mexicans will be abstaining , one German is more open-minded while the Bosnians will only have themselves for company . It 's a debate as old as time -- should football stars keep it clean between the sheets to maximise athletic performance ? U.S. national team coach Jurgen Klinsmann is taking a relaxed view on in-competition coitus during the 2014 World Cup . "  I think we are very casual in the way we approach things , " Klinsmann , a World Cup winner in 1990 with Germany , told Fusion TV . "  Their families can come pretty much any time . They will be at the games , they can come by at the hotel , we will have barbecues together . "  Every nation is different . I 've played in different countries where , you know , you did n't see your girlfriend or your wife for two months . ... Every team and every country handles that differently , based on their culture . "  So I respect the Mexican approach because it 's more their culture at that moment . I think we have a group of guys together and an environment together that is very open , very casual . "  But once we go on the field for training and also for the games , we are very serious and down to business . " As Klinsmann suggested , the Mexicans will be adopting a more chaste approach , with "  El Tri " coach Miguel Herrera warning his players to restrain from sexual activity during the month-long tournament . "  If a player ca n't go one month or 20 days without having sexual relations , then they are not prepared to be a professional player , " Herrera told Mexican newspaper Reforma . "  All the players we have selected have a pretty good resume , they all have won great things , they have been champions , and they know what we want to achieve . "  So then we will not be looking for sex or having sex at the World Cup just to have it , we are going to go after what we came for , a competition that gives us the opportunity to rise above and do something really great . ... We talked about it because there was a buzz . " Music to the ears of Bosnia-Herzegovina 's coach Safet Susic , who according to British newspaper the Daily Star , told his players "  there will be no sex in Brazil . " Yet Susic , who is leading Bosnia at its first major tournament , has allowed one small concession . "  They can find another solution , they can even masturbate if they want . I am not interested what the other coaches do , this is not a holiday trip , we are there to play football at the World Cup . " Do you think footballers should be allowed to have sex at the World Cup ? Let us know in the comments below	Teams at the forthcoming World Cup are taking differing approaches to the issue of sex U.S. head coach Jurgen Klinsmann is relaxed on the matter , with players able to see their wives His Mexican counterpart Miguel Herrera has called on his players to exercise restraint Bosnia 's Safet Susic says : "  There will be no sex in Brazil "
CNN  -- Germany captain Michael Ballack has suffered a fractured left knee cap following a heavy challenge while playing for Bayer Leverkusen against Hanover on Saturday . The 33-year-old former Chelsea and Bayern Munich midfielder limped off after 30 minutes of the Bundesliga clash and is expected to be out of action for up to two months . The injury means Ballack has already been ruled out of the Euro 2012 qualifiers against Turkey and Kazakhstan . It is a further blow to Ballack , who missed the World Cup finals with an ankle injury and was subsequently left out of the Germany squad for this month 's ties against Belgium and Azerbaijan . Germany national coach Joachim Loew released a statement saying : "  I feel sorry for Michael that he must accept a new health setback . Of course I wish him a quick and speedy recovery . " Meanwhile , Mainz joined Hoffenheim at the top of the Bundesliga table with a 2-1 home victory over Kaiserslautern on Sunday . The visitors went into the interval with the lead courtesy of a well-taken goal from Croatian striker Srdjan Lakic . But Niko Bungert levelled after 71 minutes and Mainz collected all three points with a deflected strike from teenager Andre Schuerrle . The result means Mainz have won all their three opening matches and they stand on nine points , trailing Hoffenheim at the top only on goal difference .	Germany captain Michael Ballack has suffered a fractured left knee cap Ballack sustained the injury while playing for Bayer Leverkusen against Hanover Ballack is ruled out of the Euro 2012 qualifiers against Turkey and Kazakhstan Mainz defeat Kaiserslautern 2-1 to remain 100 per cent in the Bundesliga this season
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Nadya Suleman , who gave birth to octuplets in January , will star in a reality television series about her family , a TV executive said . Nadya Suleman will star in a "  quasi-reality TV series , " says a TV executive . The Eyeworks executive , who asked not to be named , confirmed a Us magazine report that quoted Suleman 's lawyer , Jeff Czech , saying a deal has been reached after months of negotiations . The "  quasi-reality TV series " would be "  an arrangement whereby several events in the children 's lives would be filmed in a documentary series , " Czech told Us . Eyeworks ' British division will produce the show , the Eyeworks executive said . "  There is a story to be told " about the family , he said . "  They might be several shows aired during a year . There are all kinds of possibilities . It really depends on what the networks want , " Czech was quoted as saying . Though he said the show has not been named , Suleman has sought to trademark her media nickname -- Octomom -- for a TV show and a line of diapers . Suleman has six other children . All 14 were conceived through in-vitro fertilization .	Nadya Suleman gave birth to octuplets in January and had 6 children already Suleman will star in a TV show , produced by Eyeworks ' British division The "  quasi-reality TV series " would film the lives of her children in documentary style
Years before Karolyne Smith sold Golden Palace Casino ad space on her forehead for $ 10,000 , and long before an image of the Virgin Mary was toasted into the buttery crust of a grilled cheese sandwich and hocked for $ 28,000 , there was a little family in a little town in Michigan that imprinted their names onto the awkward pages of eBay infamy with another strange sale . That family is mine . Just about everyone in my hometown of Rochester Hills knew Madonna had grown up there , but I would guess there were n't too many who could point out which house had been hers . That is , until we bought it and put it on national TV . It all started when I returned home from college after my freshman year to find my newfound freedom again weighed down by daily parental oversight . It was that awkward juncture between childhood and adulthood , and one muttered phrase to my dad -- "  Did you know Madonna 's house is for sale ? You should buy it and put it on eBay " -- sent us down a path that would become the story of something much bigger than us , even bigger than one of the world 's most famous celebrities . My older brother Matt almost never tells the story . It was my dad 's money of course , but in his mid-20s , Matt became the face of it all because my dad does n't love attention and youth sells . He and my father have decidedly different takes on the whole ordeal . My brother says he 's embarrassed at the outcome and disappointed that in some circles he may always be known for this one stupid thing . My dad chalks it up to a "  great learning experience and a lot of fun . " It was a 30-day auction that just happened to bookend one of the biggest events in U.S. history . At the time , eBay was a relatively new phenomenon , and celebrity worship was at an all-time high . When you watch this video , you may judge us harshly , but I want to share this story because I believe it says a striking amount about one of the starkest cultural shifts our country has ever experienced . It 's perhaps the least important story you 'll ever see on the subject , but I hope you 'll find it interesting , because I had to beg to get my family to tell it again . Madonna 's 2012 world tour opens May 31 in Israel	Author 's family bought Madonna 's childhood home , put it on national TV Story of eBay auction became much bigger than one family , or even the celebrity Auction bookended one of biggest events in U.S. history Watch video to hear the whole tale from family members ' points of view
CNN  -- The federal government will cut its greenhouse gas emissions 28 percent by 2020 , President Obama announced Friday . "  As the largest energy consumer in the United States , we have a responsibility to American citizens to reduce our energy use and become more efficient , " the president said in a statement . "  Our goal is to lower costs , reduce pollution and shift federal energy expenses away from oil and towards local , clean energy . " Obama signed an executive order in October requiring federal agencies to set their goals for reducing greenhouse gas emissions within 90 days . The order also called on agencies to increase energy efficiency , conserve water and reduce waste , among other things . The White House said the executive order will lead to new private sector jobs and drive long-term savings . Obama stressed the importance of energy efficiency in his State of the Union address Wednesday , saying "  the nation that leads the clean-energy economy will be the nation that leads the global economy , and America must be that nation . " "  We need to encourage American innovation , " Obama said . "  And no area is more ripe for such innovation than energy . " In 2008 , the federal government spent more than $ 24.5 billion on electricity and fuel . Achieving its goals for reducing greenhouse gas pollution would save $ 8 billion to $ 11 billion in avoided energy costs over the next decade , the White House said . The Obama administration is also pushing for comprehensive energy legislation from Congress that puts a price on carbon emissions , a "  cap and trade " policy that uses market forces as an incentive for businesses to reduce carbon emissions .	Federal government to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 28 percent Government has responsibility "  to reduce our energy use , " Obama says White House says reductions will amount to $ 8 billion to $ 11 billion in avoided energy costs
CNN  -- His GPS monitor has been cut off and George Zimmerman is free -- but only legally . Zimmerman fears for his life . He 's a reviled figure to millions , despite his acquittal Saturday night in Trayvon Martin 's killing . And he could still be held criminally liable for Martin 's death . George Zimmerman found not guilty ` They want revenge ' Zimmerman 's attorney describes him as a marked man . "  He has to be very cautious and protective of his safety because there is still a fringe element who have said ... that they will not listen to a verdict of not guilty , " said Mark O'Mara . Zimmerman , 29 , has kept his address under wraps for more than a year and worn a disguise whenever he left his four walls . He has often strapped on body armor , according to O'Mara . And he may feel the need to be armed . When asked by CNN 's Piers Morgan whether Zimmerman will keep the gun used in the killing , his brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , said , "  I do n't see any reason why he should n't . "  I think he has more reason now than ever to think that people are trying to kill him because they express they 're trying to kill him , all the time , every day , on my Twitter feed , on the Internet . " Catch up on the trial , verdict Robert Zimmerman gave more details Sunday on CNN 's "  New Day . " "  The threats are vile , they 're vicious , they 're disgusting . And sometimes they 're in person . People wearing shirts with my brother 's face on it in crosshairs , encouraging others to act out violently against him . I know that you ca n't take every one one of those seriously , but you ca n't afford to be wrong either . Because you can be dead wrong if somebody really were intent on harming you . " "  He 's going to have to learn to move about in a very low-profile way and keep to himself , " Robert Zimmerman said , although having the GPS removed and no trial to occupy his days helps end George Zimmerman 's feeling of being "  kind of caged in . " Zimmerman , married with no children , may leave Florida and choose to lead a life in the shadows -- like Casey Anthony , the Florida woman acquitted of killing her 2-year-old daughter in 2008 . Anger , sadness but little surprise Zimmerman could face more criminal charges With the state criminal case over , George Zimmerman could now face new criminal charges . The federal government could file a civil rights suit , accusing him of violating 17-year-old Martin 's civil rights . The NAACP has called on the Justice Department to file civil rights charges , and is asking the public to sign a petition . "  The most fundamental of civil rights -- the right to life -- was violated the night George Zimmerman stalked and then took the life of Trayvon Martin , " the group said . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , acknowledged killing the unarmed teen , saying it was in self-defense . The Justice Department did not respond directly to the NAACP demand . It has a separate federal investigation going on . An official told CNN the department "  continues to evaluate the evidence generated during the federal investigation , as well as the evidence and testimony from the state trial . " Meanwhile , the Martin family could file a civil lawsuit against Zimmerman , seeking damages . The suit would claim wrongful death -- which is easier to prove than murder or manslaughter . And the Rev. Al Sharpton said the acquittal was "  only the first round in the pursuit of justice . " NAACP President Ben Jealous expects legal action will proceed on both fronts . "  There will be a civil phase almost assuredly , and then there will be a federal civil rights phase , " he told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . "  And we are putting our faith in that system . " Robert Zimmerman rejected Jealous ' call for charges against his brother . Authorities have interviewed "  about three dozen of his closest friends and acquaintances . And there is not any inkling of racism , "  he said . "  In fact , there 's evidence to show the opposite . I would encourage them to cool their jets , give everyone some time to kind of process what 's going on . "  Agitation does n't help us . It does n't do anybody any good right now . " Sports stars sound off on verdict 'Em otional and psychological hurdles ' Those who defend Zimmerman say he will struggle for the rest of his life over what happened , despite his contention that it was in self-defense . "  In his religious beliefs , death by any definition is a tragedy , " Robert Zimmerman told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  So he has moral things that he 's going to have to deal with , and emotional and psychological hurdles he 's going to have to overcome . " Those who believe he should be in jail for murder are quick to point out that Martin lost his life , and say there should be no tears shed for any struggles Zimmerman may face . A young man 's post on Facebook about Zimmerman 's future quickly went viral Sunday . "  For the rest of your life you are now going to feel what its like to be a black man in America , " Alex Fraser wrote . "  You will feel people stare at you . Judging you for what you think are unfair reasons . You will lose out on getting jobs for something you feel is outside of your control . You will believe yourself to be an upstanding citizen and wonder why people choose to not see that . ... "  I bet you never thought that by shooting a black male you 'd end up inheriting all of his struggles . " Fraser added , "  Enjoy your ` freedom . ' " Zimmerman could still be held responsible for Martin 's death Support for Zimmerman Zimmerman 's supporters have sent letters and e-mails to his lawyers , offering moral support and saying they sympathized with a man so concerned about neighborhood break-ins that he bought a gun and dog , and donned the mantle of neighborhood watchman . The letters often blame the media for his woes and offer encouragement for the road ahead . After the verdict , O'Mara too assailed news outlets for their coverage . "  He was like a patient in an operating table where mad scientists were committing experiments on him and he had no anesthesia , " he said . Many supporters sent in money to a website he established to help with his mounting legal bills . But one crisis public relations manager said Zimmerman must tread lightly when accepting further public money . "  He 's got to be careful about who he associates with afterward , even if they are offering financial support , " said Gene Grabowski . Despite what may lie ahead , on Saturday night , as his legal team surrounded him and congratulated each other with handshakes and hugs , George Zimmerman seemed to take a moment to soak in the relief -- aware that a long road lies ahead . Analysis : The race factor CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Facebook post says Zimmerman will "  feel what it 's like to be a black man " Some threats are in person , Zimmerman 's brother tells CNN George Zimmerman could face federal criminal charges in Trayvon Martin 's death Zimmerman has worn disguises and a bullet-proof vest
CNN  Britain 's Prince Harry arrived Monday in Australia , where he 'll be spending four weeks with the country 's military . Before reporting for duty , the 30-year-old prince visited the Australian War Memorial in Canberra , the capital , paying his respects at the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier . A crowd of onlookers gathered outside the memorial . Some snapped photos of the royal visitor , while one boy held a sign celebrating the prince 's hair color : "  Red Heads Rule ! " During his time down under , Harry "  will work and live alongside colleagues in the Australian Army in a number of regiments in Sydney , Darwin and Perth , " the Australian Defence Forces said last week . He has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career , according to a royal spokesman . "  Prince Harry has trained and served alongside Australian armed forces on operational tours to Afghanistan ; he has met them during the Invictus Games ; and even trekked to the South Pole with a couple of Australian soldiers , " the spokesman said ahead of the visit . The younger son of Prince Charles and Princess Diana , Harry is known in the British Army as "  Captain Harry Wales , " from his official title and name , His Royal Highness Prince Henry of Wales . He began his formal military duties in 2005 at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst . Last month , he announced that he would be leaving the armed forces in June , describing the decision as "  really tough . " Australian military officials say the prince 's program with them will be "  challenging . " It will involve training in urban settings and patrolling the Australian bush , as well as aviation activities and fire exercises . He 'll also participate in regular activities such as physical training and pack marches . Another focus of Harry 's visit is to spend time meeting wounded , injured and ill service members in Australia . "  Wounded warriors " are a special interest for Prince Harry . He helped spearhead and continues to champion the Invictus Games , a competition for former military personnel who have been wounded in the line of duty . During his attachment with the Australian military , Harry will accompany Charles on a trip to Turkey at the end of April for commemorations on the anniversary of the World War I Battle of Gallipoli .	Prince Harry pays his respects at the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier He is starting a four-week attachment with the Australian military
CNN  -- A Brazilian goalie , his lover and his wife were among nine people charged with the murder of his former girlfriend who had been trying to prove he had fathered her son . The prosecutor filed the charges against Bruno Fernandes Das Dores de Souza and eight others in Contagem , Minas Gerais on Wednesday . Charges include murder with special circumstances , kidnapping , imprisonment , concealment of a corpse , conspiracy and corruption of a minor . Eliza Samudio , 25 , remains missing two months after she was last reported seen . A former policeman , Marcos Aparecido dos Santos , was also charged with murder , conspiracy and concealment of corpse . All suspects are in jail except for one who is being sought . Souza 's 17-year-old cousin told police the woman was killed . The teen said Souza watched as the missing woman was asphyxiated , mutilated and fed to dogs , local police investigator Wagner Pinto told reporters last month . Souza 's new lawyer has said his client denies all the accusations . Attorney Ercio Quaresma said it 's "  irresponsible " to charge the nine suspects with corpse concealment since no body has been found . "  It 's an inconsequence to sign something like that not having concrete proof , " Quaresma said . Quaresma said the goalie will not answer any questions for now . "  He has not spoken and he wo n't speak until the defense decides he needs to speak , " the lawyer said . "  And that might not happen " . Samudio was trying to prove that the goalie fathered her infant son , who is currently being cared for by her mother , police said . The police investigator described her death to reporters last month . "  They tied her hands , and this other individual strangled her , " Pinto said , referring to Santos . "  Later , they deboned and disemboweled her . " The woman 's body was taken to an undisclosed location where her remains were fed to several Rottweilers , police said . The cousin told investigators that Souza watched the entire incident , according to Pinto . Souza 's lawyer decried the accusations . "  Are the Rottweilers being charged too ? " he asked reporters . Souza 's former attorney , Michel Assef Filho , said last month that the goalie has "  no knowledge of the facts , he is astonished and scared by his cousin 's testimony and that 's it . " Filho stopped representing Souza when the Flamengo Club suspended Souza 's contract . The attorney works on behalf of the soccer club . The football star was last seen with Samudio in June as they headed for his country home in the state of Minas Gerais . A search for Samudio 's body is under way . The Flamengo Club said it is suspending the goalie 's contract until all facts are known . Journalist Luciani Gomes contributed to this report .	Brazilian goalie among nine people charged Police : Eliza Samudio , 25 , was last seen in June Lawyer says the goalie will not answer questions about his alleged involvement His cousin detailed her murder , authorities say
A top U.N. official arrived in Damascus on Tuesday in an attempt to "  draw attention to the deteriorating humanitarian situation in Syria , " the United Nations said . Valerie Amos , the U.N. 's under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief coordinator , is on a three-day trip to Syria and Lebanon . "  The humanitarian situation in Syria has further worsened in recent weeks as fighting has spread in Damascus and to Aleppo and other cities , " the United Nations said . "  Two million people are now estimated to have been affected by the crisis , and over one million have been internally displaced . " She met with Prime Minister Wael al-Halaki , Syrian TV reported . In Aleppo , the line between life and death is thin In Lebanon , Amos will meet with families who fled Syria and will talk with the government and humanitarian agencies about how to best support the refugees , her office said . Across Syria , the reports of relentless bloodshed mount by the hour . At least 70 people were killed Tuesday , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria opposition group said . The toll included 10 children and three women . Syria said the assistant director of the Health Directorate in Daraa was "  assassinated " by "  an armed terrorist group " Tuesday . Attackers waited for Dr. Ma ` moun al-Zoubi at the garage of his building "  and opened fire on him , causing his martyrdom , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  reported . In recent days , fierce shelling in and around dissident strongholds has aggravated the humanitarian crisis , opposition activists said . In the Homs suburb of Rastan , residents pleaded for intervention "  to break the siege of the disaster-stricken city , which has no access to any of life 's essentials including bread , water , baby formula or electricity , " the LCC said . Syria said authorities "  arrested dozens of terrorists " in Aleppo and destroyed seven cars equipped with machine guns . Armed forces also killed and injured "  terrorists " in an area called al-Kura al-Ardiya , SANA reported . Foreign ministers of Islamic countries have agreed to suspend Syria from the Organization of Islamic Cooperation , ahead of the group 's two-day emergency summit this week . The Syrian civil war is a key topic on the agenda of the summit , which opens Tuesday in the Islamic holy city of Mecca , Saudi Arabia . Read more : Syria expected to dominate Islamic summit "  There is an agreement to support the Syrian people , and standing by their side , we are agreeing on freezing the membership of Syria until it retains its balance , " Tunisian Foreign Minister Rafiq Abdul Salam said , according to the official Saudi Press Agency . The heads of state must approve the suspension before it can take effect . Meanwhile , a Syrian presidential adviser was scheduled to visit China on Tuesday , the Chinese Foreign Ministry said . China , along with Russia , has repeatedly vetoed attempts at the U.N. Security Council to take stronger action against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . A spokesman for the ministry said Bouthaina Shaaban , al-Assad 's political and media adviser , will meet with Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi . "  To promote the political solution to the Syria problem , China has always actively balanced its work between the Syrian government and the opposition to urge Syria to put to practice  former Arab League and U.N. envoy Kofi  Annan 's suggestions and advice by the U.N. Security Council -- immediately cease fire and all violent actions , protect civilians and resolve the crisis through talks , " the spokesman said . "  China is also considering inviting members of the Syrian opposition to visit , " the ministry said in a statement . The United States , meanwhile , lifted sanctions against the former Syrian Prime Minister Riyad Hijab , who recently broke with the regime . "  Recent civilian and military defections from the Assad regime are further indications that the government is crumbling and losing its grip on power , " David S. Cohen , under secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence at the U.S. Treasury , said in a statement . "  The United States encourages other officials within the Syrian government , in both the political and military ranks , to take similarly courageous steps to reject the Assad regime and stand with the Syrian people . " While the war rages on , Syrian rebels claimed one of their biggest achievements yet Monday -- the shooting down of a military jet . Struggling to define the Syrian opposition Video posted by the rebel forces shows a jet framed in a cloudless sky being shot at , catching fire and falling out of frame . "  A MiG warplane shot down in Mouhassen ! " says an excited man off-camera , citing a location in Deir Ezzor . "  God is great ! " The government denied the jet was shot down , blaming the crash instead on a "  technical failure . " It said that the jet fighter was on an "  ordinary training flight " and that the pilot ejected safely . The search for the pilot was still under way late Monday , according to SANA . A few hours after the rebels made their claim , the opposition LCC posted a video showing what it said was the pilot , whom it identified as Col. Mufeed Mohamad Suleiman . No identification card was shown . The man , dressed in civilian clothes and surrounded by armed men , called on other military officers to defect . He said the rebels had provided first aid for the bruises on his face that he suffered in the parachute jump . A man who identified himself as a rebel captain said the pilot would be treated as a prisoner of war . CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of either video . A report Monday from opposition activists underscored the difficulty in resolving the Syrian crisis . It said that Syrian forces in Damascus had publicly executed at least 10 people in one town , and that residents were unable to reach the bodies because "  regime forces have been firing at anything that moves , " the LCC said . The Syrian crisis has claimed roughly 17,000 lives since it erupted last year , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said last month . Opposition activists have put the toll at more than 20,000 . Regional group votes to suspend Syria ; rebels claim downing of jet	Valerie Amos met with Syria 's prime minister , Syrian TV says At least 70 people have been killed across Syria on Tuesday , opposition says Officials vote to suspend Syria from the Organization of Islamic Cooperation A Syrian envoy was visiting China on Tuesday ; China considers inviting opposition
CNN  -- A federal court judge on Tuesday ordered Massachusetts officials to provide sex-reassignment surgery for a transsexual prison inmate , after determining that it was the only adequate treatment for the inmate 's mental illness . The state 's Department of Correction said Michelle Kosilek , previously known as Robert , who is serving a life sentence without parole for murdering his wife in 1990 , has a gender identity disorder . She attempted to castrate herself and tried to commit suicide twice while incarcerated in an all-male prison in Norfolk , according to a court order . "  We are very happy with the ruling , of course . We are still reviewing the opinion and we anticipate the Department of Corrections will follow Judge Wolf 's order and promptly arrange for Michelle Kosilek to receive her treatment , " Kosilek 's attorney Joseph Sulman said Tuesday . The Chart : Treatment guidelines for Gender Identity Disorder in development Chief Judge Mark L. Wolf ruled that sex reassignment surgery is the "  only adequate treatment " for Kosilek , and "  that there is no less intrusive means to correct the prolonged violation of Kosilek 's Eighth Amendment right to adequate medical care . " "  This is the first decision in which the court has ordered a prison to provide sex reassignment surgery as the necessary medical treatment for a transsexual inmate , " said Ben Klein , senior attorney with the Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders . But according to court documents , this ruling was not an unfamiliar case for this court . Kosilek 's case dates back two decades ago , when she was first incarcerated . According to Francis Cohen , the lead counsel of Kosilek 's initial lawsuit , Kosilek did not receive any treatment for her disorder from 1992 to 2002 , even though she had repeatedly asked the prison for help . It was n't until 1999 , when Kosilek first filed suit , that the court recognized her medical needs . In 2002 , the court found that the Department of Correction had refused to provide Kosilek with the proper medical treatment she needed as had been prescribed by the department 's doctors . In that ruling , the court found that the department 's refusal was "  rooted in sincere security concerns , and in fear of public and political criticism as well . " That year , Kosilek began to receive necessary medical treatments in the form of psychotherapy and hormone treatments . "  It 's quite common that the denial of important medical treatments is based on a bias against transgender people rather than on science , " Klein said . Miss Universe pageant ends ban on transgender contestants A 2009 University of California , Irvine study of prison inmates in California found that a transgender inmate is 13 times more likely to be sexually assaulted than the average inmate , adding on to security concerns above medical ones . " -LSB- Kosilek -RSB- 's very excited and very , very pleased . She 's very glad the court has recognized her need for this surgery , " Cohen said of her client . According to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons , with all operations , therapy , hormone injections and electrolysis , the cost of sex reassignment surgery can range from $ 30,000 to $ 80,000 . U.S. Sen. Scott Brown , R-Massachusetts , said in a statement Tuesday that the court 's decision is "  an outrageous abuse of taxpayer dollars . ... I look forward to common sense prevailing and the ruling being overturned . " The court ruling left it up to the Department of Correction to decide where Kosilek will be incarcerated after the surgery . From the archives : ' I am transgender , and I want my voice to be heard ' CNN 's Paul Caron contributed to this report .	The state 's Department of Correction said Michelle Kosilek has a gender identity disorder . Kosilek is serving a life sentence without parole for murdering his wife Kosilek had attempted castration and tried to commit suicide twice while incarcerated
CNN  -- After a one-year hiatus , the New York City Marathon returned Sunday with a different priority : security . It went off without a hitch as 47,000 runners raced through five boroughs and passed cheering crowds . Last year 's marathon was canceled because of damage from Superstorm Sandy . Police were especially focused on security in part because of April 's bombings at the Boston Marathon , which left three people dead and more than 260 injured . At least 1,500 cameras were positioned along the route to help boost security , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . There were baggage screenings and surveillance helicopters . Runners were screened and inspected before taking their starting positions , according to police . . Bomb-sniffing dogs and scuba divers scanned bridges and shorelines . Counterterrorism officers escorted ferries carrying runners . Priscah Jeptoo of Kenya won the marathon 's women 's division with an official time of 2:25:07 . On the men 's side , Geoffrey Mutai of Kenya won with an official time of 2:08:24 . Each will get $ 100,000 in prize money . Opinion : How running can change the world In New York , spectators watching from grandstands and family reunion areas were subject to baggage inspections and screenings as a precaution . "  The safety of runners and spectators has always been our highest priority , " New York Road Runners , the organizers of the event , said in a statement . Runners took it in stride . Months after Boston bombings : Sense of winning for amputee "  It will obviously cause some problems for us , but that does n't matter , " said Runar Gundersen , who was to run his 35th New York Marathon this year . "  Security must come first , so I gladly accept delays . ... I think most runners do . " Organizers said a lot of additional security measures will be taking place in the background . "  I know that it 's impossible to protect 26.2 miles of road 100 % , " Gundersen said . "  The feeling about that is much like it was in 2001 after 9/11 . " Boston Red Sox parade reclaims marathon finish line CNN 's Allison Malloy and Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report	Two Kenyans breeze across the finish line , taking firsts in the men 's and women 's divisions At least 1,500 cameras were positioned along the marathon route in New York City Bomb-sniffing dogs and scuba divers scanned bridges and shorelines Last year 's race was canceled because of damage from Superstorm Sandy
CNN  -- Bermuda , which has n't seen a major hurricane in some seven years , is about to get walloped by Igor , which forecasters termed large and dangerous Saturday night . The eye of the Category 2 storm may pass just to the west of the Atlantic Ocean island late Sunday , sharply increasing the likelihood of damaging winds , forecasters said . Such a landfall would spare Bermuda "  the worst of the storm surge , but will inflict some of the highest wind speeds ... on the island , " said CNN meteorologist Angela Fritz . "  A direct hit would be the worst-case scenario , because the island would have to endure the extremely strong winds in the eyewall , as well as a dangerously high storm surge , " said added . The hurricane is currently going through an "  eyewall replacement cycle , " and , during this time , accurately forecasting its track becomes more difficult , said Fritz . A new eye begins to develop around the old eye of a hurricane during the replacement cycle . "  Fortunately , the forecast is that Igor will not strengthen more before approaching Bermuda . It is expected to maintain Category 2 status , " Fritz added . Conditions on the island were deteriorating late Saturday ahead of Igor 's expected passover late Sunday or early Monday , according to the National Hurricane Center . Tropical storm-force winds extend 345 miles  555 kilometers  from Igor 's center . "  The winds are definitely a concern , " said CNN weather producer Judson Jones . "  Igor is expected to remain a dangerous hurricane as it approaches Bermuda , " the Hurricane Center said . "  Igor is a very large hurricane . " As of 11 p.m. EST Saturday , Igor was about 285 miles  455 km  south of Bermuda , packing sustained winds of about 100 mph  160 kph  as it headed north-northwest at 13 mph  20 kph  . Hurricane-force winds extended up to 90 miles  150km  from the center . The storm could also produce as much as 9 inches of rainfall over the island , according to the Hurricane Center . Hurricane Fabian hit Bermuda in 2003 , killing at least four people . It came ashore with 120 mph  193 kph  winds . Large waves generated by the storm were already pounding beaches Saturday afternoon , said CNN iReporter Michael Branco . "  A dangerous storm surge is expected to produce significant coastal flooding on Bermuda , " the Hurricane Center said . "  The surge will be accompanied by large and destructive waves , especially along the southern coast . " The weather agency said swells will affect the East Coast of the United States , Puerto Rico , the Leeward Islands , Hispanola and parts of the Bahamas over the weekend . "  These swells are likely to cause life-threatening surf and rip currents , " the Hurricane Center said . Branco , a native Bermudian , spent Saturday morning putting up storm blinds on his windows and securing his pets inside the house . On Friday , he stocked up on bottled water , canned food and batteries . He said that despite riding a number of storms out on the island , "  this one has my attention thus I am taking it very seriously . " Branco said he 's most worried about potential damage to the roof of his home , which faces the island 's southern shore -- the frontline for the approaching Igor 's northerly track . "  Our roofs , which we use to catch our drinking water , can sometimes be vulnerable to high winds and pressure changes , so fingers crossed our roof is OK , " he said . Meanwhile , Tropical Storm Julia continued to diminish Saturday farther east in the Atlantic . As of 11 p.m. EST , Julia 's maximum sustained winds were at 50 mph  85 kph  , the Hurricane Center said . No coastal warnings or watches were in effect from Julia , and the storm is forecast to become a remnant low by early Monday , according to the hurricane center .	Igor termed a large and dangerous hurricane Residents in Bermuda are bracing for a direct hit Conditions are expected to deteriorate Saturday The storm is projected to pass over the island late Sunday or early Monday
CNN  -- New Jersey towns could soon get help paying the extra costs of having drunken reality show stars wandering their streets . The proposed "  Snookiville Law " would let townships license reality show productions and levy fees on them to pay for additional police to control the cast members and the crowds drawn by the shows ' cameras , New Jersey Assemblyman Ronald Dancer said . The legislation is named for Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi , star of MTV 's "  Jersey Shore , " who was arrested for disorderly conduct in Seaside , New Jersey , two years ago , Dancer said . While "  Jersey Shore " is in its last season of taping , Snooki and co-star JWoww  Jennifer Farley  have been producing a spinoff show in Manchester , which is near Dancer 's central New Jersey district . "  This bill will permit local officials to make sure taxpayers do n't get ` Snook ' - ered or public safety is compromised when reality stars such as Snooki or JWoww come to town , " Dancer said . The law would not prevent drunken reality stars from stumbling down the streets , Dancer said . "  I ca n't go as far as to say that would not happen . " Dancer , a Republican , said he is not trying to discourage reality TV shows from taping in New Jersey , because production can bring money to a community . But it also "  may cost taxpayers money by requiring additional services when cameras are rolling in town , " he said . Political campaigns ' ` Snooki factor ' Snooki spins off 6-pound baby CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Proposal would let townships impose fees on reality TV productions The legislation is named for "  Jersey Shore " star Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi Law would make sure taxpayers "  do n't get ` Snook ' - ered , " assemblyman says Shows could be made to pay for extra police patrolling when shows are taped
CNN  -- Anyone can turn on a TV , scan their newsfeeds or fire up a laptop to quickly get a sense of the important topics being discussed at the Republican National Convention . This is not about those . This is for those other moments -- the ones that make us SMH or LOL or unfollow certain people on Twitter . These are the moments that prompt us to show our phones to the person next to us , eyes wide with disbelief and mischief . It 's not news . 1 . Strange looks Men and women had plenty to say about Condoleezza Rice 's lipstick malfunction on Twitter and Instagram during her Wednesday speech . "  I do n't care what their beliefs are I will always feel completely awful for any woman who has lipstick on their teeth in public , " wrote Twitter user @Morgan Murphy . Others were not so kind . "  A good friend would have told Condi she had lipstick on her teeth . Where 's Ann ? Dropping the ball , that 's where , " wrote @mkusek01060 At least no one created a Twitter account for Condi 's Lipstick . The distraction theme continued as Paul Ryan and his widow 's peak took the stage . "  Paul Ryan . The charisma of Edward Kennedy . The widow 's peak of Edward Munster , " wrote @SteveintheKT "  All you listen to Ryan for his powerful speech , I just stare at his widow 's peak , " wrote @bey_guy87 On Facebook David Atherton attributed the following to Wikipedia , "  In political polling , widow 's peaks are considered to be a facial attribute for candidates that is a clear positive ... associated with being seen as more competent and with greater integrity . " 2 . Making faces Continuing on the distraction theme were these tweets from co-creator of "  The Daily Show , " Liz Winstead . "  McCain is doing his blinky thing ! The one where he blinks a bunch when he does n't believe what he is saying , " she posted . "  Blab all you want abt Ann Romney 's speech - nothing will help if Mitt does n't lose that ' I have a weird thing on my tongue ' face . " This guy thinks he and Paul Ryan look alike . And in one of the fantastically creepy trends to emerge from the convention delegates snapped photos of themselves wearing paper masks of Paul Ryan and then posted them to Instagram . 3 . Bringing sexy back But before Paul Ryan even opened his mouth Wednesday night , Twitter was already reflecting on Paul Ryan 's sex appeal . @chrissyadeleke Pretty ballsy speech by Paul Ryan . Not gon na lie . I liked it . He makes politics sexy . Because he is sexy . @cMMoore6 Paul Ryan is sexy . #simple @sarahcgoldstein Paul Ryan has the most handsome blue eyes . Very sexy . @Lynzeebug22 Paul Ryan is kinda hot ... Sexy vice president . Im down You get the idea . 4 . Elevator music musings Step into the nearest elevator and what do you hear ? Probably the Village Voice furiously typing this tweet after Ryan made a reference to the generation gap between him and Romney based on their music preferences : @villagevoice Paul Ryan fails to realize that classic rock is pretty much the new elevator music http://bit.ly/NExCe8 Comedian @robfee quipped , " ` Haha Paul Ryan has dumb music on his iPod ! ' - Joe Biden as he duct tapes a Ray Stevens cd to his walkman " 5 . Give Santorum a hand ? How many times did Santorum mention #hands during his Tuesday night speech ? We stopped counting at 20 . Huffington Post senior editor Craig Kanalley said , "  Rick Santorum said #hands 24 times , #Romney 3 times in that speech . " See for yourself in this uncut replay on YouTube . What were your favorite OMG moments of the RNC ? Tell us in the comments .	There are convention moments that make us SMH , LOL or unfollow certain people Condoleezza 's Rice 's lipstick malfunction got as much buzz as her speech Paul Ryan 's widow 's peak drew comparisons to Eddie Munster Ryan might be handsome , but Santorum 's speech was hand-somer
CNN  -- Lauryn Hill has been performing her song "  Black Rage " in concert for years , but on Wednesday she released a recording of the song in support of the residents of Ferguson , Missouri , in the wake of the Michael Brown incident . The singer tweeted on Wednesday , "  An old sketch of Black Rage , done in my living room . Strange , the course of things . Peace for MO " along with a link to the recording on SoundCloud . Sung to the tune of Rodgers and Hammerstein 's "  My Favorite Things , " the lyrics include "  Black rage is founded on/Blatant denial/Squeezed economics/Subsistent survival " and "  When the dogs bite / When the beatings / When I 'm feeling sad / I simply remember all these kinds of things and then I do n't fear so bad . " Hill is just one of the members of the hip-hop community lending support . Rapper and St. Louis native Nelly , joined protesters as they marched , and artist J. Cole , visited and released the song "  Be Free " in tribute to Brown . Activist and hip-hop artist Talib Kweli mixed it up with CNN 's Don Lemon on Thursday while explaining what he saw during protests . "  As an artist I wanted to put my money where my mouth is , " Kweli said . "  I 'm supported by the community that 's been brutalized . I have a son that 's Mike Brown 's age . " The unrest in Ferguson has even caused a crossover of sorts . "  Sleepy Hollow " star Orlando Jones took a page from the ALS "  Ice Bucket Challenge " to issue one of his own . After dumping a bucket of bullets over his head in a YouTube video posted on August 18 , the actor spoke out about the slaying of Brown and what has resulted in Ferguson . "  This past week I 've watched an American city become something akin to a war zone , " said Jones , who added that he is a lifetime member of the NRA . "  I 'm challenging myself to listen without prejudice , to love without limits and to reverse the hate . That 's my challenge to me and hopefully you will accept this challenge too . "	Hill has performed the song in concert She is just one of several artists to lend support "  Sleepy Hollow " star offered bullet bucket challend
San Diego  CNN  -- Politicians in both parties might have seriously miscalculated . The election returns are n't in yet , so we ca n't know for sure . Still , if trends continue , this could turn out to be a bad year for fear . When this election season started several months ago , Republicans and Democrats thought they 'd scare up a few votes by accusing their opponents of being , let 's see , soft on the border , determined to take away women 's reproductive rights , simpatico with tea party extremists , incapable of protecting America from terrorists or deadly viruses , eager to impeach the President , or even intent on dragging us back to one of our country 's darkest chapters by bringing back lynching . You think I 'm exaggerating ? Perhaps a little , but not much . Have you taken a look at the campaign fliers in your mailbox ? Be warned . They 're pretty scary . This October , every day felt like Halloween . Whether it was coming from Republicans or Democrats , the message was pretty much the same : "  Boo ! " Or in the long form , it went like this : "  You 're in danger ! " And Candidate XYZ is going to make you even less safe and more vulnerable . You need to protect yourself and your family , and vote against Candidate XYZ . And hey , look , I 'm on the ballot , too . So why not vote for me as a safer alternative ? " This is n't your usual surge of negative campaigning , where candidates sling mud and attack one another 's character , honesty or integrity . Americans are used to that . In fact , hopefully , they 're largely immune to it by now . This is much worse . What was on display in many of this year 's Senate races was the politics of fear , where politicians are so desperate to get elected or re-elected that they use inflammatory commercials and wild accusations to terrify the same group of voters who they should be trying to inspire with a hopeful and confident message . When will they learn that positive messages are always stronger than negative ones ? This lesson was not lost on two of the most successful politicians in the last half of the 20th century : Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton . Both men were happy warriors whose hopeful messages triumphed over the doom and gloom peddled by their opponents . The good news is that , this year , it does n't seem as if this strategy have worked out very well for the fear mongers . Look at the polls in races where specific candidates have tried to scare voters away from their opponents : -- Fear is on the run in North Carolina , where a third party group 's campaign mailer in support of Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan , which was clearly aimed at African-Americans , warned that electing Republican challenger Thom Tillis would set the stage for the immediate impeachment of President Barack Obama . The faded image in the background : a lynching . So if Hagan is n't re-elected , the nation 's first African-American president is headed for a political lynching ? That 's shameful but not exactly subtle . In the same contest , the Senate Majority PAC released a radio ad slamming Tillis for his support for Stand Your Ground Laws "  that caused the shooting death of Trayvon Martin . " So Tillis somehow contributed to the 2012 death of Martin ? Outrageous . -- Fear is on the run in Texas , Arizona , California and New Mexico where Republicans want to scare voters into thinking that ISIS and Ebola -- or perhaps even ISIS militants infected with Ebola -- are salsa dancing across a porous U.S.-Mexican border . There 's no evidence that either ISIS or Ebola is coming across the border , and the Department of Homeland Security has called the idea "  categorically false . " Consequently , that line of attack is n't gaining any traction in key races in border states . Even in those races where Republicans are favored , the scare tactics do n't seem to winning over independent voters who would n't normally support the GOP . Why does n't the Republican Party just be honest and go back to what GOP elected officials in the Southwest have always portrayed as the real threat : Invading hordes of Mexicans who steal the worst and dirtiest jobs ? Maybe Republicans are the ones who are afraid . Maybe they 're concerned that , if they said this , they would sound racist . Imagine that . -- And , most of all , fear is on the run in Colorado , where Republican Cory Gardner maintains a narrow lead over Democratic Sen. Mark Udall in most polls . Technically , the race is a toss-up , but given that Udall had the money and name recognition that comes with being the incumbent , it 's no wonder that Democrats are bracing for a defeat . Udall bet all his marbles on the female vote , but then he proceeded to insult that constituency by overplaying his hand . Forgetting that women care about issues such as the economy and terrorism as much as men do , Udall pushed the issue of abortion rights to the point where the senator has been mockingly dubbed : "  Mark Uterus . " This was not a good re-election strategy for Udall , but it has turned out to be good for the Gardner campaign . Even with all this election year negativity , there is a positive side . One group of voters after another -- from African-Americans to pro-border security conservatives to women -- have , whether they realize it or not , been given a valuable gift . On Tuesday , they have the opportunity to shrug off the soundbites , declare their independence from the politics of fear and send a message of their own . From this point on , they need to insist upon something that elected officials do n't always give voters : respect .	Ruben Navarrette : Seeing political ads may be the scariest part of Halloween this year He says candidates in both parties are resorting to politics of fear to turn out voters Navarrette : Some have warned , with no evidence , of immigrants with Ebola and ISIS ties He says efforts to frighten women into voting for Democrats in Colorado do n't seem to work
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate approved a controversial $ 858 billion tax cut package Wednesday , overwhelmingly voting to extend the Bush-era tax reductions despite a series of objections from both the left and the right . The measure passed 81-19 to advance to the House of Representatives , which will take it up on Thursday , according to Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland . The package includes a two-year extension of the Bush-era tax cuts set to expire December 31 . It also would extend unemployment benefits for 13 months , cut the payroll tax by 2 percentage points for a year , restore the estate tax at a lower level and continue a series of other tax breaks . President Barack Obama praised the vote and urged the House of Representatives to quickly approve the bill , which the White House negotiated with Senate GOP leaders . The Senate vote is "  a win for American families , American businesses , and our economic recovery , " Obama said in a written statement . "  As this bill moves to the House ... I hope that members from both parties can come together in a spirit of common purpose to protect American families and our economy as a whole by passing this essential economic package . " House Democrats , however , have repeatedly warned that they may change the measure , particularly a provision dealing with the estate tax . Currently , the estate tax is scheduled to exempt inheritances up to $ 1 million and tax amounts above that at a rate of 55 % . Under the tax package , it would be reduced to a rate of 35 % on amounts above a $ 5 million individual exemption . Conservatives argue that a full return of the estate tax would , among other things , make it nearly impossible for many family-owned small businesses to be passed down from one generation to the next . Liberals contend that a lower or nonexistent estate tax would merely benefit the wealthy while doing little to aid the economy . A number of House Democrats , including Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , want to change the estate tax to levels previously approved in a separate House bill that would exempt inheritances up to $ 3.5 million and tax amounts above that at a 45 % rate . Pelosi said Wednesday the change would bring in an additional $ 25 billion instead of providing tax protection to only 6,600 more families through the lower rate and higher exemption in the negotiated tax deal . However , more than two dozen moderate House Democrats submitted a letter to their House leadership Tuesday , calling for the tax package to be passed unchanged so it can go directly to Obama to be signed into law . "  This bipartisan compromise is by design a temporary measure and , with its passage , we must acknowledge that our work is not done , " said the letter signed by 27 House Democrats as of Tuesday evening . "  We must continue to work together in a bipartisan fashion -- with a sense of shared responsibility -- toward solutions that address our economic and fiscal challenges . It is time for us to put aside the partisan talking points and accomplish what the American people sent us here to do . "	NEW : The House Rules Committee will allow a vote on changing the measure The House will consider the tax cut package Thursday The Senate passes the $ 858 billion tax cut package Lower Bush-era tax rates are set to expire at the end of the year
CNN  -- One week after Edvard Munch 's "  The Scream " shattered art auction records , Mark Rothko 's "  Orange , Red , Yellow " has broken the price ceiling for a work of contemporary art . The 1961 painting , described by auction house Christie 's as arguably the most important work by the Russian-Amerian artist to ever appear at auction , sold for almost $ 87 million Tuesday . The previous record was held by Francis Bacon 's Triptych at $ 86.2 million . "  This was an historic event in the auction world , with three major records set in the space of a few short hours , " said Brett Gorvy , Chairman and International Head of Post-War and Contemporary Art in a press statement . The entire auction raised a record $ 388.5 million , surpassing the previous record set in May 2007 , also at Christie 's , by some four million dollars . Feverish bidding also produced the highest price for a collection sold at auction , for 13 works from the Pincus Collection , described by Christie 's as the "  most important and comprehensive ensemble of Abstract Expressionism ever to come to auction . " The Pincus lots were part of an impressive catalog of post-war art collected over 50 years by former clothing manufacturing boss David Pincus and his wife Gerry before his death last December . The collection included the record-breaking Rothko , bought by Pincus in 1967 , which was sold to an anonymous phone-bidder after a seven-minute volley of more than 50 bids , Christie 's said . "  The art market is ignoring European woes , " Randy Slifka , a New York collector and money manager told Bloomberg . "  People feel comfortable buying prime works by world-class artists . " Of the top 10 works sold , eight buyers were listed as "  anonymous , " while two were attributed to private buyers from Europe and the U.S. Jon Reade , the managing director of Art Futures Group in Hong Kong , says there 's a good chance the money flowing into the Christie 's New York auction room Tuesday came from Asian investors looking to diversify their portfolios . "  A lot of it 's from China , new wealth from China . They 're buying property , they 're buying cars and they 're looking for new asset classes to get involved with , " he said . "  Of course it 's like a knock-on effect , one Chinese billionaire buys an artwork and makes money from it , tells his friend , and it 's just reverberating around the whole world art market at the moment . " Reade said the Chinese started emerging as major buyers in the art market in 2009 and 2010 , coinciding with strong growth in the Chinese economy . A 2011 report by auction sales analysts Artprice said that sales that year "  confirmed China 's domination of the art market , with the economic health of Asian collectors generating higher price levels than anywhere else in the world . " Reade said : "  The Chinese art market has been strong for the last two years and is getting stronger and now some of the big global players are coming on board as well . " Of the 59 works offered by Christie 's at the New York auction , 56 were sold including more than a dozen for record prices for their respective artists . Jackson Pollock 's Number 28 , 1951 , a riot of black enamel and silver-grey paint , sold for just over $ 23 million , a new world auction record for the artist , Christie 's said . And at $ 36 million , Yves Klein 's FC 1  Fire-Color 1  set a new record for the French artist who created the work just weeks before his death in 1962 . Reade , whose firm encourages investment in art , said that he expects demand to continue to rise as investors look for returns beyond traditional and poorly performing markets . "  At the moment property in Asia , not just in Hong Kong , has just topped out in a way . Stocks have obviously been very volatile over the last few years to say the least so people are looking to put their money in new asset classes , " he said .	Mark Rothko 's "  Orange , Red , Yellow " sells for almost $ 87 million Record for post-war art set at a record-breaking Christie 's auction in New York Entire auction raised $ 388.5 million , breaking previous record set in 2007 Buyers remain anonymous but art dealer say money likely coming from China
London  CNN  -- The arrival of Prince William on a British military mission to the Falkland Islands puts him at the center of a diplomatic storm with Argentina about who owns the archipelago the two nations went to war over in 1982 . William 's six-week posting with an air force search and rescue crew has further inflamed anger in Argentina , where hostility towards Britain over the territory it calls Islas Malvinas is already intense . Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner and British Prime Minister David Cameron have both been drawn into a bitter war of words in recent weeks , reviving memories of conflict . Meanwhile Argentina has recruited regional allies such as Brazil to back its claim to the islands . Why are the Falklands in demand ? Located in the South Atlantic Ocean , about 480 kilometers east of the tip of South America , the windswept Falklands have long been coveted as a strategic shipping stopover and potential wellspring of natural resources . Their remoteness , however , exposed them to neglect and complex wrangling over ownership among British , French , Spanish and Argentine interests . Argentina 's forerunners formally declared possession in 1820 , prompting Britain to reclaim a sovereignty it originally declared In 1765 . Falklands conflict in photos : High-res gallery Despite regular challenges , notably in 1982 , British control has endured and the Falklands ' current 2,500 inhabitants look to London to safeguard oil , fishing , farming and tourism incomes . What happened in 1982 ? The Falklands became a battleground as Britain and Argentina sent warships , submarines , aircraft and troops to the islands . Diplomatic hostilities initially broke out over Argentinian activities on South Georgia -- an even remoter British territory in the South Atlantic . Naval forces were dispatched by British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher as Argentine President Leopoldo Galtieri 's military dictatorship launched a Falklands invasion on April 2 . Troops fought on the islands , aircraft were shot down and ships were attacked with significant losses of life -- most notably the Argentian General Belgrano and Britain 's HMS Sheffield , HMS Antelope and RFA Sir Galahad . Britain declared an end to fighting after 74 days following the surrender of Argentinian troops . Argentina put its death toll at 645 . Britain 's civil and military losses amounted to 255 . How did the United States and other world powers react ? President Ronald Reagan 's administration nailed its colors firmly to the British mast , declaring economic sanctions against Argentina . It also gave its Cold War ally a strategic edge by supplying potent Sidewinder missiles to counter Argentina 's Exocets . At the height of the conflict , a meeting in Versailles , France of the world 's biggest economies -- including the UK , U.S. , Germany , Italy , France , Japan and Canada -- backed Britain 's position . Why wo n't the UK give up the islands like it did Hong Kong ? Britain acknowledges its claim to the Falklands is disputed , but has no intention of discussing the sovereignty issue , according to Professor Clive Schofield , an expert in maritime territorial disputes at Australia 's University of Wollongong . He says that there is no comparison to Hong Kong , which Britain returned to Chinese control after expiry of a set lease in 1997 . "  The UK position on the Falklands is that they are under British sovereignty -- they are not leased from anyone . " What has happened to the islands since the end of the war in 1982 ? Spurred by the conflict and stung by accusations of neglect , Britain began taking renewed economic interest in the Falklands . It protected fishing rights and asserted control over oil exploration licences . It also stepped up its military interests , building a new airfield and bolstering naval , army and air force presences . See high-res images of life in the Falklands Cooperation between Britain and Argentina -- by now an established democracy whose militarist past has left current leaders distrustful of its armed forces -- has improved , but Buenos Aires continued to reject any territorial claim to Las Malvinas other than its own . So why is the language between London and Buenos Aires more tense now ? Pure politics say analysts . The deployment of Britain 's Prince William has added to the theater , as have claims and counter-claims of colonialism -- and Britain 's decision this week to send its newest destroyer HMS Dauntless . But , they say , the real source is Argentinian politicians seeking to divert voters from the pain caused by inflation and reduced subsidies on oil , gas and electricity . "  The government is being squeezed from lots of different areas , so one way to distract from the economic problems facing the country is to raise the Malvinas issue , " said Professor Mark Jones , an expert in Latin American politics at Rice University in Texas . "  It 's one of the few issues outside football that you can get universal consensus on . " In the UK , Cameron -- an heir to Thatcher 's Conservative party legacy -- must be seen to defend the principles his predecessor mobilized the troops for . "  It 's not about asserting a claim , it 's about allowing people of the Falklands to have the right to self-determination , " said Simon Weston , a British Falklands conflict veteran . What has Argentina done to bolster its claims ? Regional allies have been recruited to the cause , with members of the South American Mercosur trading bloc uniting to ban Falklands-flagged vessels from their ports . This is largely "  diplomatic dressing " that will do little to isolate the islands , says Professor Roett Riordan , who heads the Latin American program at John Hopkins University in Washington D.C. Jones adds that more effective pressure could be applied if Argentina 's Fernandez persuades Chilean President Sebastian Pinera to cancel a vital air link between the islands and Santiago . Is this now all about oil ? Partly . There is Argentinian resentment of a British oil exploration project launched off the Falklands in 2010 . This has been worsened by Argentina 's recent relegation from exporter to net importer of hydrocarbons . Analysts , however , insist this remains a sideshow to the political traction offered by the Malvinas dispute . How much oil is there ? Press reports say up to 8.3 billion barrels of undersea oil reserves could lie in the Falklands economic zone -- a radius of 320-kilometers around the islands , but despite successful drilling finds in recent months , this quantity is still speculative . The figures are backed by claims from small oil ventures , including Rockhopper and Borders & Southern Petroleum , which are hoping to raise capital for further exploration in fields licensed by the islands ' British-backed government . Attempts to attract investment in the projects has been hampered by the Anglo-Argentinian dispute . Many major oil firms have interests in Argentina and are wary of upsetting Buenos Aires by involving themselves in the Falklands . Also a problem is the considerable cost of extracting deep water reserves from the remote South Atlantic -- although this becomes less of an issue as oil prices continue to climb . Professor Alex Kemp , a petroleum economics expert at the University of Aberdeen , described the Falklands oil reserve estimates as "  optimistic , " adding that even if they are proven , the cost of exploiting them could still be prohibitive . "  It 's one thing doing exploration , but when you come to development , we 're talking about bigger volumes of materials and to get that there is expensive because at the moment there 's nothing there -- just sheep farmers , " he said . "  It will take a few 100 million barrels to make it worth it , and there 's a number of ifs and buts before we get there . " Is conflict likely again ? No , say analysts . While there are parallels with the 1980s -- politicians using Anglo-Argentinian tensions to court votes and divert from economic woes at home -- there is little appetite for conflict on either side . Any action is likely to remain in the diplomatic sphere . A former senior British military officer last month said UK cutbacks had left the Britain unprepared for another Falklands conflict . Argentina is apparently in a similar state , with a heavily depleted military that experts say would be no match even for Britain 's depleted force . "  Even if Argentina wanted to go to war , they have no military capacity , " says Jones . He said Fernandez 's own antipathy towards the military -- a legacy of her political opposition to Argentina 's former dictatorship -- meant she would be unlikely to support even a maritime blockade of British vessels .	Several countries have disputed ownership of Falklands since the first recorded landfall in the 17th century Islands have been coveted as strategic shipping stopover and potential wellspring of resources Argentina and Britain fought over the islands in 1982 Prince William will spend six weeks on islands working for an air search and rescue team
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Six months after more than 1,000 people lost their lives in the deadliest garment factory accident in Bangladeshi history , the South Asian country continues to mourn the deaths of workers in other avoidable incidents . Earlier this month , at least seven people were killed and dozens injured in a large fire that broke out at a knitwear factory on the outskirts of the capital , Dhaka . While the cause is not immediately known , the owner of the company said in a press briefing that the fire had originated in the chimney of a heating machine . He suggested the way the fire quickly spread through factory was mysterious . As always with these incidents , a committee of government officials and representatives from the garment manufacturers ' association convenes to investigate . But ultimately it 's never guaranteed that these findings will be made public and corrective measures taken . Aging safety equipment The knitwear factory , which supplies leading brands across the world , was recently cited for unsatisfactory safety standards , according to local news reports . Though firefighters told reporters the factory was properly equipped to deal with such an incident , Mushrefa Mishu , President of the Garment Workers ' Unity Forum , which advocates better treatment for factory employees , said she found out of date firefighting equipment when she visited the site in the wake of the October fire . Opinion : The bloodshed behind our cheap clothes After the Rana Plaza accident earlier this year , which left 1,129 people dead and more than 2,500 injured when the entire building collapsed , safety standards at garment factories across Bangladesh came under the spotlight amid concerns they had been lax or ignored . The incident was an eye-opener for many . It led to many changes in the garment sector in the months that followed . The country 's labor laws were amended with provisions requiring employers to introduce adequate safety measures for workers , while an agreement was signed by the government and representatives of Bangladesh employers ' and workers ' organizations to ensure a more integrated approach to improving safety . Substandard Global brands supplied by Bangladeshi factories were also moved to take action to ensure suppliers complied with suitable safety standards . But in June this year , U.S. President Barack Obama said Bangladesh had not been taking steps to "  offer internationally-recognized rights to workers in the country , " while announcing the suspension of the General System of Preferences  GSP  for Bangladesh . This agreement gave Bangladesh duty-free access to U.S. markets for some items , though garment products were not included . One of the biggest issues is compliance , in part due to the shortage of inspectors in Bangladesh able to cover the vast number of factories spread throughout the country . While steps are being taken to recruit more inspectors , it 's impossible to overlook the failures of the government 's accountability mechanisms . This has created a culture of impunity among factory owners . The failure of successive governments in Bangladesh , ranked in the bottom tier of the Corruption Perception Index  CPI  of global anti-corruption watchdog Transparency International , to curb wrongdoing in the garment industry has created an environment where disasters will happen . A sector that started to grow quickly in the 1980s , the garment industry has never been accountable to the country 's labor laws and regulations . This is because owners are mostly from powerful sections of society who seemingly did n't bother to follow rules . According to one Bangladeshi media report , 10 % of lawmakers in the national parliament are owners of garment businesses in Bangladesh . According to Mishu , the number is actually even higher . Rules ignored The Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association  BGMEA  is considered to be one of the most influential trade bodies in the country , with links to all of the major political parties . But such is the dependence of Bangladesh 's economy on this industry as its largest export earner , demands to improve working standards and wages are often ignored . Some labor leaders have alleged that during any crisis in the industry , the body takes the side of owners . In the case of the Tazreen fire in November 2012 , the role the BGMEA played in protecting the owner raised many eyebrows . The body was criticized for failing to provide a report into the fire , which claimed the lives of more than 100 people . Despite gradual amendments to labor laws , workers ' rights are still far from guaranteed . Human Rights Watch , while welcoming efforts to improve the legal framework , expressed concern that international standards for workplace safety are not being met . HRW also said the government "  has consciously limited basic workers ' rights while exposing workers to continued risks and exploitation . " Crucially , the provision to punish factory owners in cases of accidents was not properly mentioned in the amended law . Though the law mentioned that "  adequate " measures have to be taken to ensure air circulation , light , drinkable water and sanitation , the term "  adequate " is not properly defined , leaving it to the discretion of owners . Many factory owners still arbitrarily sack their employees as they do not give contracts to them , thus making it impossible for the workers to demand compensation at the labor court . Mishu says most workers in the garment sector are women , so their rights and entitlements are grossly ignored . Female workers are also frequently subjected to sexual harassment and often lose their jobs so that they can not claim maternity benefits . Owners fight back Factory owners also have their say in this whole saga . Many I have spoken to said that with such a competitive market worldwide , they simply ca n't give in to the demands of workers . They say persistent corruption and political chaos in Bangladesh has driven up the cost of doing business there . "  The buyers , despite our repeated failures to ensure compliance , come to Bangladesh as they can get the cheapest rate here compared to neighboring countries , " one owner , who asked not to be identified , said . "  They will keep on coming as long as we offer this rate and we ca n't afford to lose it by increasing salaries of the workers or ensuring compliance , " he added . "  This whole industry has grown ... to make profit for both the owners and foreign buyers , " added Mishu . "  They ca n't think of the workers as their working partners . The mentality of the colonial era still exists . " With only a few initiatives by the government and no real evidence of the political will to improve safety standards at work , disasters will continue to happen . Measures will keep being promised without effective action . The workers , who keep the economy running , will continue to bare the brunt of injustice and deprivation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sajjad Hussein .	Hussein : Six months on from Rana Plaza collapse , conditions for workers remain poor Compliance with safety standards difficult to manage due to number of factories Owners of all-powerful garment industry influential in Bangladesh politics Corruption in Bangladesh very common , according to Transparency International
CNN  -- Drone technology is spreading rapidly . As many as 50 countries are developing or purchasing these systems , including China , Russia , India , Pakistan , and Iran . Even non-state actors are involved . Hezbollah reportedly has deployed an Iranian-designed drone . Iran is developing a new drone aircraft with a range of more than 600 miles . These systems are used mostly for surveillance , but it is not difficult to equip the aircraft with missiles and bombs . Recently in Massachusetts , a man was arrested for plotting to place explosives on a drone aircraft and fly it into the Pentagon or the Capitol building . Private contractors are getting into the business as well . We now have companies offering drones-for-hire . What kind of a future are we creating for our children ? We face the prospect of a world in which every nation will have drone warfare capability , in which terror can rain down from the sky at any moment without warning . Military planners are developing technologies for autonomous drones , aircraft that are supposedly "  intelligent " and can make their own decisions on when to unleash lethal force . Will we give machines the power to kill people ? The development of drone weapons raises profound moral questions about the future of war . U.S. officials are fond of drone weapons because they are inexpensive and seem to make the waging of war less costly . They allow leaders to conduct military operations without risking the lives of U.S. soldiers or drawing public disapproval . They give the false impression that war can be waged with fewer costs and risks . Any development that makes war appear to be easier or cheaper is dangerous and morally troubling . It lowers the political threshold of war . It threatens to weaken the moral presumption against the use of armed force . The use of drone aircraft perpetuates the illusion that military force is an effective means of countering terrorism and resolving political differences . We should know better by now . After 10 years of combat in Afghanistan the threat of terrorist attack and insurgent violence remains as great as ever . May 2011 was the deadliest month for Afghan civilians since the U.N. began keeping records in 2007 , the agency 's Assistance Mission in Afghanistan reported . June 's death toll was almost as high . Terrorism is essentially a political phenomenon . It can not be defeated by military means . The RAND Corporation 's 2008 report "  How Terrorist Groups End "  shows that the most effective tools against violent extremism are political processes and police operations . The U.S. government claims that drone strikes are an effective tool against al Qaeda leaders , but most of those being killed are low-level militants . Many important legal questions have been raised about drone strikes . The U.S. government arguably has legal authority to conduct military operations in Afghanistan , based on the original congressional authorization adopted after 9/11 . It is questionable , however , whether this authority extends to Pakistan , a country that is supposedly an ally of the United States . Nor do we have legal authority to launch military strikes in Yemen , Somalia and other countries where the United States is not officially engaged in armed hostilities . Force may be used by soldiers against combatants in legally authorized armed conflicts , but this right does not extend to civilians . The U.S. covert counterterrorism drone campaign is managed and operated by the CIA , an agency notorious for its past policy failures and violations of the law . Those who are conducting these raids operate in secret beyond the restraints of military discipline and are not subject to the Uniform Code of Military Justice . Drone weapons are very precise , but they do not eliminate the problem of civilian casualties . White House counterterrorism adviser John Brennan claimed in June that no civilians have been killed in Pakistan in the last year because of drone strikes . The White House quickly backed away from that outlandish claim , but administration officials continue to insist that so-called collateral damage is very low . Precise information about civilian casualties is impossible to obtain , but a new report from the Bureau of Investigative Journalism in the UK sheds important light on the subject . Their figures show that civilian casualties occur in about one fifth of U.S. drone attacks in Pakistan . Since the drone war began in Pakistan in 2004 , more than 2,000 people have been killed in these strikes , with as few as 386 and as many as 775 civilians among the dead , including as many as 170 children . Drone weapons raise many troubling security , legal and moral questions . Rather than pushing ahead to develop more of these systems , our government should pause to consider the consequences of this new revolution in military technology . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Cortright .	David Cortright : Up to 50 nations developing , buying drones , including China , Iran , Pakistan The prospect is a world in which every nation has drone warfare capability , he writes Cortright : Drones give nations false impression wars can be waged with less risk , costs Drones precise , but kill civilians : up to 775 Pakistanis . We must rethink military trend , he writes
CNN  -- Libya 's rebel leaders claimed Monday they had captured three of Moammar Gadhafi 's sons , including Saif al-Islam , who is wanted on war crimes charges by the International Criminal Court . But shortly afterwards , Saif appeared in public in Tripoli , where he spoke to reporters -- raising serious questions about the reliability of the rebels ' account of events . A day later it remains unclear whether Saif al-Islam was ever in rebel hands , while another Gadhafi son , Mohammed , reportedly escaped from rebel custody . It is also uncertain whether Saadi , the third son the rebels claimed to have captured , was in their custody either . So how much does this dent the credibility of rebels ? And can the Libyan people and the international community put their faith in the Transitional National Council  TNC  to lead the nation if the Gadhafi regime falls ? Observers say the reported arrest -- and prompt reappearance -- of Saif al-Islam are at the least an embarrassing distraction for the rebels as they seek to take control of the Libyan capital , Tripoli . The International Criminal Court , whose chief prosecutor told CNN Monday it had been talking to the rebels about transferring Saif al-Islam to its custody , by Tuesday was insisting it had never confirmed his capture , while Western diplomats faced questions over their wisdom in backing the rebel leadership . Professor Fawaz Gerges , director of the Middle East Centre at the London School of Economics , told CNN he did not believe the rebels had intended to mislead the wider world over the arrest of Saif al-Islam , seen as his father 's heir apparent . But , he said , the confusion was of great concern because it betrayed a lack of cohesion and competence in the Transitional National Council 's leadership and exposed the group 's structural weakness . Rebel groups and militias were acting independently rather than as a unified military force , he said , and with that came a risk that the rebel assault would disintegrate into urban warfare and civil strife . He said the rebel leadership needed to "  up its game " and could not repeat the lack of openness shown when the rebel government 's military commander , Gen Abdel Fattah Younis , died in murky circumstances in Benghazi last month . "  The lack of transparency raises serious questions . This is a de facto government -- they must get it . This is not amateurs ' time , " he said . "  They can not afford to really make so many mistakes because once they lose their credibility , it 's very difficult to repair . " Mahmoud Shammam , minister of information for the National Transitional Council , acknowledged that the situation over the reported capture of Saif Gadhafi was confusing . "  We admit our communications was not clear , " he told CNN , saying it had been representatives in Benghazi who stated Saif was under arrest , rather than the prime minister . The rebels did not know if Saif al-Islam Gadhafi had been arrested and escaped , he said , so they would have to confirm what happened with the leaders engaged in the fighting in Tripoli . But , he said , confusion like this occurred in conflict situations , adding that the rebel forces were entering a big city with many different centers of operation . Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said Tuesday that the rebels had the confidence of the American government despite the conflicting information over Monday 's arrests . "  We have definitely found them to be credible and reliable interlocutors , " she told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer from Rome , saying the United States had been in close contact with the leadership in Benghazi , the rebels ' eastern base . Washington joined Britain and other Western powers in recognizing the NTC last month as the legitimate governing authority in Libya , adding to the pressure on Moammar Gadhafi to relinquish power to the rebels . "  Clearly in a situation as fluid as this that is evolving rapidly , there 's going to be confusion , there 's going to be misinformation , and those that are on the ground in Tripoli may or may not be in full and timely communication with the leadership outside of Tripoli , " Rice said . "  Generally speaking , we 've found in all of our engagements with the  NTC  that their leadership is reliable , principled and is working to do the right things . " Saad Djebbar , a lawyer who negotiated the release in Scotland two years ago of Abdel Basset al-Megrahi , the Libyan convicted of blowing up a Pan-Am flight over Lockerbie , echoed the view that it was unfair to judge the rebels as unreliable on the basis of miscommunications on the ground in Tripoli . "  We have to focus on the bigger picture now and see what the council does next , " he told CNN . Djebbar believes the NTC should focus on getting food and medical supplies to the people in areas of Libya no longer under Gadhafi 's control , in order to demonstrate that life will be better under a new government . And in order to reassure their allies in the West , the NTC must ensure law and order are established in the areas liberated from Gadhafi 's forces , he said . Police and security forces should be retrained so they understand they exist to serve the people rather than the regime , he added . The specter of Iraq 's descent into violence and sectarian strife after the fall of Saddam Hussein hang over Libya -- and Djebbar sees the international community as having a key role to play in ensuring history is not repeated . "  The United States , United Kingdom , France and others should work now with practical steps to make sure that Libyans feel that their country has become a better place , " he said . "  This is not Iraq . " The credibility of a new government will rely on its swift formation and the inclusion of respected members of different communities , tribes , professions and religious groups , he said , to act as "  trustees of the revolution and its values . " Omar Ashour , director of Middle East Studies for the Institute of Arab and Islamic Studies at the University of Exeter , said the rebels were trying to learn from their mistakes -- and the misfortunes of other countries such as Iraq -- in order to keep the trust of their international partners . Speaking from Cairo , on his way to Tripoli , Ashour told CNN he believed the critical issue was one of transparency , so that the rebels could avoid the kind of damaging conflicting accounts that emerged over the death of Younis . And however the NTC does , he believes the resulting government will be better than the corrupt regime headed by Gadhafi over the past four decades . "  It 's a huge task but to be honest they are the best that we have in Libya at the moment , " he said . Gerges agrees that it would be wrong to judge the NTC too harshly for a handful of errors in its early days . Not only is the movement less than a year old , he pointed out , but it is made up of many disparate ideological , social , regional and tribal groups that have yet to fully consolidate into institutions . Gerges believes a functioning and inclusive government will develop given time , provided peace can be restored in Libya and that the TNC can translate its rhetoric into concrete policies . "  If I were to gamble , I would gamble on the rebels really rising to the occasion , " he said . CNN 's Krsna Harilela contributed to this report .	The rebels said they had captured three of Gadhafi 's sons , including Saif al-Islam Saif al-Islam reappeared in public in Tripoli , shortly after throwing their credibility into doubt Analysts say the mix-up can be explained by the confusion on the ground U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice says she has confidence in the rebel leadership
CNN  -- Hannah Anderson did what any teenage girl would do after a life-changing ordeal : she discussed it with peers online . The 16-year-old fielded anonymous questions on the website ask.fm , where she shared details about her abduction by the man she knew as Uncle Jim , James DiMaggio . She did not want to go with him , and did not escape after she was abducted out of fear he would kill her , she said in the postings . And , she added , she 's "  absolutely " glad he is dead . Alan MacNabb , whose son is one of Hannah 's closest friends , confirmed to CNN Wednesday that the postings on ask.fm were by Hannah . A check of the site on Wednesday night indicated Hannah had disabled her account . The California teenager was rescued Saturday after family friend DiMaggio held her hostage for a week . This , police say , after he killed her mother and brother . The frantic search for the teenager stretched from southern California to the Idaho wilderness , where she was found at a campsite by a mountain lake . ` He was my dad 's best friend ' During the session , one user asked her if she wanted to go with DiMaggio . "  No , not at all , " she said . Healing , answers could be slow Why did n't you run ? "  He would have killed me , " she said . Why did n't you tell your parents he creeped you out ? "  In part , he was my dad 's best friend and I did n't want to ruin anything between them , " she said . Tied up in a garage Hannah shed new light on the night she was kidnapped -- the same night her mother and younger brother were killed and their bodies burned in DiMaggio 's house . "  How did he separate you from your mom and brother ? " a user asked . She said he tied them up in the garage . "  How did he keep the fire a secret ? " Her response : "  He had it set where it would catch on fire at a certain time . " DiMaggio threatened to kill her if she fled and brought her at least in part , to help carry equipment in the wilderness , she said . Glad kidnapper is dead Some questions were brutally blunt . "  Did he rape you ? Hannah declined to answer that question . Amber Alert successes : More than 650 kids rescued "  I 'm not allowed to talk about it , so do n't ask questions about it , thank you , " she said . Are you glad he 's dead ? "  Absolutely , " she said . Reports : Father of abductor has violent past Planning funerals Hannah , who lives in the San Diego area , went missing after cheerleading practice on August 3 . The next day , the bodies of her mother , Christina Anderson , 42 , and 8-year-old brother , Ethan , were found about 45 miles east of San Diego , in DiMaggio 's burned house in Boulevard . The body of a dog was also recovered , police said . Her ordeal came to an end after a tip from horseback riders sent FBI agents swarming to a camping spot outside Cascade , Idaho . DiMaggio , the man investigators had sought in her disappearance , was shot in a confrontation with an FBI tactical agent . When asked what she would say to Ethan and her mother if she got a chance , her response was a reminder of her trauma . "  I wish I could go back in time and risk my life to try and save theirs , " she said . "  I will never forgive myself for not trying harder to save them . " Those who know her say she spent some of her day helping to plan their funerals . Psychotherapist : ` In a numb state ' Some experts questioned the wisdom of the online chats . "  This is a 16-year-old who 's totally traumatized , she 's in a state of trauma and so she 's not thinking , " psychotherapist Wendy Walsh said . "  Sometimes in a numb state , you do things that you do n't really consider the consequences . " The teen even posted a selfie ... a self portrait of one 's face posted online . She also engaged in lighter conversation , but even some of that seemed painful . What design did you get on your nails ? "  Pink for my mom and blue for Ethan , " she said , referring to her 8-year-old brother . Ask.fm is a user-fueled , question-and-answer social media site , which claims to have 70 million users worldwide . Users can skip around the site asking people whatever they want , with the end result being profile pages that read like questionnaires . It has recently drawn heavy criticism as a hive of cyberbullying however , following several instances of teenage ask.fm members committing suicide after being harassed on the site . The suicide earlier this month of a 14-year-old British girl prompted UK Prime Minister David Cameron to call for a boycott of ask.fm . Several advertisers have also recently cut ties with the site , which allows users to remain anonymous . HLNtv.com 's Jonathan Anker contributed to this report .	NEW : Ask.fm page says Wednesday night : "  This user has disabled their account . " Hannah Anderson fields anonymous questions online She says she 's "  absolutely " glad her kidnapper is dead She says she did not want to go with James DiMaggio
CNN  -- Efraim Diveroli 's father hoped his son would become a doctor or lawyer . Efraim Diveroli , 22 , is doing his "  patriotic " duty as an arms dealer , his grandfather says . What he got instead is a 22-year-old international arms dealer who faces a congressional inquiry for allegedly selling old Chinese ammunition to the U.S. military to equip allies in Afghanistan . Diveroli is president of AEY Inc. , a South Florida company which , according to U.S. government documents , has done more than $ 10 million of business with the U.S. government since 2004 . The papers also reveal the company struck it big in 2007 with contracts totaling more than $ 200 million to supply ammunition , assault rifles and other weapons to the Afghan National Army and police . The company 's contract said it would get the ammunition from Hungary . But Army investigators found what the Afghan military got included corroded ammunition made in China as long as 46 years ago . The New York Times reported Thursday that AEY shopped stockpiles and ammo dumps in old Soviet bloc allies , from Albania to Kazakhstan . Albania was a big customer for Chinese armaments in the 1960s and '70s , the Times reported . Angelo Diveroli , Efraim 's grandfather , told CNN affiliate WPLG-TV that his grandson is being targeted by "  jealous competitors " in the international arms market . Since he was a boy , the grandfather said , Efraim Diveroli has known his way around weapons . Read the WPLG story "  He 's a genius about anything to do with weapons , " the 72-year-old says . "  Ever since he was a little boy , I would take him to gun shows and he could identify every model of guns . People would ask : How can he do that so young ? He has a gift , I would tell them . " Michael Diveroli , Efraim 's father , told CNN affiliate WFOR-TV that he wished his son had turned his intellect elsewhere . He said Efraim was "  a boy genius " who is "  hard to control . " Read the WFOR story "  I would prefer he became a nice Jewish doctor or lawyer rather than an arms dealer , " WFOR quoted Michael Diveroli as saying . Watch how father says son runs his own show " But his son seem to have a good idea of the circles he was running in . "  What goes on in the Albanian Defense Ministry , " the New York Times quoted him as saying . "  Who 's clean ? Who 's dirty ? Do n't want to know about it . " On a MySpace page Efraim Diveroli last updated in 2005 , he says "  I probably grew up way to  sic  fast . " But in a hint of where the then-19-year-old 's future was heading , he wrote , "  I definately  sic  have the desire to be very successful in my business and this does take up alot  sic  of my time . " The MySpace page also hints of his need for thrills . "  I 'm one of those guys who needs to be entertained and having lots of fun all the time so if your  sic  also an undiagnosed case of ADD look me up , " it says . He lists the weapon-heavy films "  Heat " and "  Scarface " among his favorites . A CNN search of Diveroli 's Florida criminal record shows arrests , but no convictions , on offenses from misdemeanor battery to felony possession of stolen property . He has yet to appear in court on a March 3 arrest for driving under the influence . For now , relatives say Efraim Diveroli is out of the country . CNN attempts to contact him have not been successful . His grandfather told WPLG that Diveroli is now in Turkey or Albania doing his "  patriotic " duty . "  He 's all over the world getting what the military needs , " Angelo Diveroli says . But in a MySpace message exchange with Radar magazine , a person thought to be David Packouz , a 25-year-old who was AEY 's vice president , refers to Efraim Diveroli as "  my former scumbag partner " and says he is motivated by money . "  Efraim Diveroli has a serious psychological illness called ` extreme greed , ' " Radar quotes him as writing in a report on its Web site . Packouz would not discuss AEY with CNN on Friday , saying he had no comment "  because of the ongoing investigation . " E-mail to a friend	22-year-old arms dealer faces congressional inquiry Company supplied ammunition made in China decades ago Company 's contract called for bullets made in Hungary Grandfather says dealer , 22 , had "  gift " for weaponry
After 14 years of undernourishment and overcrowding , Elena , Kaitlyn and Alyssa heard the roar of other rescued African lions Wednesday at their spacious new home in Colorado . The siblings arrived earlier in the day at the Wild Animal Sanctuary , about 30 miles northeast of Denver , officials said . The lionesses had spent their entire lives in a fairgrounds zoo in La Chorrera , outside Panama City . The sanctuary helped rescue the lionesses at the behest of the Panamanian government and its National Environmental Authority  ANAM  , said Pat Craig , executive director of the sanctuary in Keenesburg . The lionesses , at 200 to 225 pounds , weigh about half of what they should . "  Nobody really took care of them , " Craig said . "  They got no medical attention . " Non-governmental organizations ran the fairgrounds for years as a way to raise money , Craig said . The lions usually were housed in a 6-foot-by-8-foot concrete and steel cage in a zoo at the fairgrounds . "  These three girls did n't have a family structure , " Craig said . "  It was more or less that they were isolated for  nearly  15 years . " Wednesday afternoon , they were in a 1,500-square-foot temporary area at the sanctuary . "  They are in their enclosure , and they are resting comfortably , " according to Craig . "  They are enjoying the space . " He expects that the lionesses will eventually join a pride of African lions that were rescued in Bolivia . "  African lions are the only cats that have a strong instinct to live together , " Craig said . One of the big cats , Elena , is named for Elena Castejon , who actively assists with animal rescues in Panama . On several visits to the zoo , Castejon noticed the animals had to depend on rain or leftover cleaning water to quench their thirst . The carnivores , she said , largely depended on scraps from a slaughterhouse for sustenance . Zoo visitors often bothered the animals and rattled their cages in the wee hours of the night . "  It was horrible , " she said . Castejon credits ANAM with getting the large cats removed from the fairgrounds . The zoo also featured gnus , deer , crocodiles and turtles . After a protracted legal battle , the zoo was closed , with a mountain lion , two jaguars and an ocelot being temporarily cared for at Summit Zoo in Panama City . Jorge Garcia , a biologist and wildlife technician with ANAM , said the animals were being kept without proper permits . Over two weeks , La Chorrera hosts one of the biggest fairs in Panama , Garcia said , with school groups visiting the zoo the remainder of the year . Because groups that sponsored the fair and zoo changed every two years , he said , it was difficult for the government to force organizers to make improvements . It 's important for government and animal rights groups to work together , Garcia said . "  We need to make alliances . " In February , 25 lions rescued from harrowing conditions at circuses in Bolivia were flown to the Colorado sanctuary , where they live uncaged . The flight , part of an Animal Defenders International operation , followed the passage of a Bolivia 2009 law that bans the use of any animals in circuses . The sanctuary built an 80-acre fenced site for the Bolivian lions , which are split into four prides , Craig said . "  They all have practically doubled their weight " in the past seven months . The 720-acre sanctuary of rolling grasslands , split into habitats , houses about 300 large carnivores , including bears , tigers and other big cats . Most of the lions have a lifespan of about 21 to 23 years , double their expected longevity in the wild . That 's largely because they have no predators or competition from within their population . Lionesses receive estrogen implants so they wo n't go into heat . That also reduces the competition and fighting among males . FedEx carried the felines from Panama to Memphis , Tennessee , on Tuesday and then to Denver early Wednesday .	Three sister lions are rescued from zoo at fairgrounds in Panama Underweight siblings lived in a small concrete and metal enclosure They were flown to animal sanctuary in Colorado They already can hear the roars of other big cats
CNN  -- Eighteen people , including two soldiers , were killed Saturday in a gunbattle between the Mexican army and organized-crime suspects in the Mexican resort town of Acapulco , the Mexican Ministry of Defense said Sunday . Mexican soldiers hold rifles Saturday during a clash with organized-crime suspects in Acapulco . The incident began about 7 p.m. , when the soldiers went to a location called Avenida Rancho Grande in Acapulco "  to exploit information obtained through an anonymous tip , " the ministry said in a statement . The soldiers were met by gunfire , it said . Five people were arrested in connection with the shootout . Two soldiers and 16 gunmen were killed , and nine soldiers were wounded , the statement said . The gunmen were not identified , but the statement called them "  members of organized crime . " Authorities seized 36 large-caliber weapons , 13 small-caliber weapons , two grenade launchers , 13 fragmentation grenades , 3,525 rounds of various caliber ammunition , 180 charges and eight vehicles , the ministry said . CNN 's Arthur Brice and CNN en Espaol 's Luisa Calad contributed to this report .	Mexican soldiers , organized-crime suspects fight in Acapulco , authorities say Two soldiers , 16 "  members of organized crime " killed ; nine other soldiers wounded Five people arrested in connection with shootout ; authorities seize weapons Soldiers were investigating anonymous tip , says Mexican Defense Ministry
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama returned to the United States on Monday morning after an unannounced visit to Afghanistan , where he met with his Afghan counterpart and reiterated the need to wipe out terror networks . Obama slipped into Bagram Air Base near Kabul under the cover of darkness Sunday . He met with about 2,000 troops at the U.S. base and told them their work is significant to security at home . "  I know it 's not easy , " he said . "  If I thought for a minute that America 's vital interests were not served , were not at stake here in Afghanistan , I would order all of you home right away . " The United States has made progress in the fight against al Qaeda and its allies , Obama said . "  All of that makes America safer , and we are going to keep them on the run , " he said . "  Because that is what is going to be required in order to ensure that our families back home have the security that they need . " Earlier , Obama met with President Hamid Karzai to discuss progress by the Afghan government in strengthening its ability to run the country and provide security for its people . After the 30-minute meeting , Obama said he wanted to send a "  strong message " that the partnership between the nations would continue . Related : Afghanistan Crossroads Karzai thanked the United States , pointing out that American taxpayers have helped rebuild his country . During his trip , the president made clear that the visit was to encourage the roughly 80,000 U.S. troops in the country . "  The United States of America does not quit once it starts on something . ... We keep at it , " he told the troops . "  We persevere . And together , with our partners , we will prevail . I am absolutely confident of that . " Before his departure , Obama also met with U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry and Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the commander of allied troops in Afghanistan . The trip began in secrecy , with the president leaving his Camp David retreat . He flew to Afghanistan on Air Force One , landing at Bagram Air Base at 7:24 p.m. Sunday . Obama then flew on a helicopter to the Presidential Palace to meet with Karzai . The U.S. president landed at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland shortly before 9 a.m. ET .	Obama met with Afghan counterpart , reiterating need to wipe out terror networks President met with about 2,000 troops at Bagram Air Base near Kabul Obama landed at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland shortly before 9 a.m. ET
CNN  -- Bob "  Doctor " Lee is known for his smooth soul and classic R&B during the overnight hours , but working while many of us are sleeping takes its toll . The Harlem radio DJ says he enjoys carrying his listeners through the night , but sometimes he finds himself dozing off . "  When you 're working these types of hours , sometimes you have to get some shut-eye when you can , " Lee said . "  I go down to the gym to one of those mats , put your head back , next thing you know  laughs  you 've picked up a couple minutes of sleep . " He is n't alone . In the next "  In Focus " series from CNN 's award-winning photojournalists , we 're introduced to people who are awake and working the night shift while the rest of us are asleep . It 's a slice of life that many people do n't see -- and a different angle on news about jobs and the economy . The on-air and online project also looks at the effect night shift work has on lives , health and families . Lynette Slaton , a mother of three , has worked third shift for years as the night manager at Amy 's Bread in New York . The hours are hard on her and her family , but she is determined to provide a better life for them . Slaton stays up with her children during the day so she can have a hand in raising them . "  When I look at them I want them to have so much , but right now , with the way the economy is and everything , I just feel more secure being able to be with them and not having to put them in a day care setting so young , " she said . Watch Slaton at work as a baker , and as a parent The series also takes us behind the scenes of Atlanta , Georgia 's , Philips Arena , where workers race against the clock overnight to convert the professional sports arena from the home of the NHL 's Atlanta Thrashers to the NBA 's Atlanta Hawks when the teams have back-to-back games . See how the Philips team turns ice into wood "  The games end at 9:30 at night , " said Richard Manley , the arena 's assistant manager of conversion . "  We 're starting at 10 o'clock . We change this building over every night from hockey to basketball to hockey . " "  This is what we call the third shift , the night shift , " said Barry Henson , the arena 's vice president of building and event operations . "  When everybody else is asleep , this is when this building can change from one thing to the next . " CNN 's Tom Foreman hosts this special series from a virtual environment designed by the graphics team at CNN 's Washington Bureau . Using green screen technology and a combination of 3-D and 2-D animation , Foreman takes us on a tour from coast to coast as we meet people who work the night shift . See more of the "  Nightshift In Focus " series :  Saving furry lives 24/7  Overnight ride with EMS  Tough hours , great view  Vegas lights through the night  Health risks working nights  Salesman : ` I 'm like a vampire '	"  In Focus " series looks at people who are awake and working the night shift Overnight Harlem radio DJ sometimes finds himself dozing off Mother of three works third shift as Manhattan bakery night manager Atlanta crew converts arena from hockey to basketball and back again
UYUNI , Bolivia  Reuters  -- On the edge of the world 's biggest salt desert , villagers optimistically scrawl "  salt for sale " signs on their mud brick homes . In backyards , mountains of the stuff are heaped like year-round snow drifts . The sparse beauty of Bolivia 's Salar di Uyuni is attracting growing numbers of tourists . But mining salt is no longer the only way to survive in this cold , arid corner of southwestern Bolivia . The Salar de Uyuni is becoming a must-see for adventurous visitors to South America , changing at least some fortunes in the poor village of Colchani . "  There 's nothing here apart from salt ... Tourists used to arrive and they would n't buy anything , so we thought , ` How can we improve things ? " ' said Fermin Villca , who now sells ashtrays and llama figurines carved from salt stone . Stretched between distant Andean peaks like a shimmering white carpet , the Salar de Uyuni is home to pink flamingos , 1,000-year-old cacti , rare hummingbirds and hotels built entirely from blocks of salt . Earlier this year , leading travel publisher Rough Guides listed the Salar as one of its top 25 wonders of the world , alongside far better-known attractions such as the Taj Mahal , Grand Canyon and Great Wall of China . And word is spreading . At least 60,000 tourists visited the roughly 4,250-square-mile salt flat last year , and local officials say their numbers are steadily rising . Apart from freezing night temperatures and fierce desert sun , visitors have to brave a grueling journey on unpaved roads to reach the Salar , which lies about 185 miles south of the capital La Paz near the Chilean border . Some 40,000 years ago , it was part of a lake that covered a large swath of the Andean highlands . The moon-like landscapes of the salt desert are part of what was left when it dried up . In the nearby town of Uyuni , residents and local officials have ambitious plans for its future as a hub for tourism , which has fast overtaken llama-herding and quinua-farming as the impoverished region 's main economic activity . At the recent start of a road-building scheme to link Uyuni with the city of Potosi , the provincial governor said he wanted Uyuni to be "  the world 's top tourist city " with the help of the highway and new attractions such as a llama museum . Even before the road has been paved , some officials have also proposed the construction of a high-speed railway using profits from the region 's revitalized silver-mining industry . But with frequent power cuts , a lack of drinking water and only basic hotels , they admit they have a long way to go . "  There 's no center to deal with the garbage . The wind blows and all the garbage ends up back in town , " said Martin Calvimontes from the non-governmental organization Inagro , which is trying to promote better practice in tourism . For tourists who want to stay on the Salar itself , there are several hotels made from salt bricks -- beds , chairs and cocktail bars included . "  People want to test it 's really made of salt by licking the walls , " said Raul Garcia , a workmen building a new salt hotel , as he crammed coca leaves into mouth . "  They 're very impressed when they see that it 's all made from salt . " The view from the hotel 's windows is flat whiteness , fringed by the peaks of mountains on the horizon beneath a bright blue sky . The silence of the Salar is only broken by the occasional tour group speeding by in a four-wheel-drive vehicle . Uyuni tourism director Ovidio Copa expects twice as many tourists to be visiting the Salar within five years as word of its otherworldly beauty gets out . "  The Salar has the ability to captivate people with its silence and tranquility , " he said , sitting before the towering cacti of one of the salt flat 's islands . "  Its intrinsic beauty is the attraction . " E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Salar di Uyuni , the world 's biggest salt flat , attracting growing numbers of tourists Bolivian wilderness described as one of world 's 25 wonders by Lonely Planet 60,000 tourists visited last year ; numbers expected to double within five years
CNN  Three French sports stars were among 10 people killed when two helicopters collided in Argentina on Monday evening , authorities said . The helicopters were reported to be heading to a gorge in northwestern Argentina for the filming of the reality TV show "  Dropped " for the French broadcaster TF1 . Eight French passengers and the choppers ' two Argentinian pilots died in the midair crash near the town of Villa Castelli in La Rioja province , Argentina 's state news agency Telam reported , citing local authorities . The dead included the famed sailor Florence Arthaud , who in 1990 broke the record for crossing the North Atlantic alone ; the swimmer Camille Muffat , who won three medals at the 2012 Olympics in London ; and the boxer Alexis Vastine , who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing . Members of the TV production team were among the other French victims , French authorities said . Former French soccer star Sylvain Wiltord , a contestant on the show who was n't involved in the crash , expressed his shock . "  I 'm sad for my friends , " he tweeted . "  I 'm shaking , I 'm horrified , I 'm lost for words . " Muffat 's boyfriend , William Forgues , told CNN 's French affiliate BFMTV of his shock at hearing the news of the 25-year-old swimmer 's death . Clearly emotional , he said her agent had called him soon after midnight , herself in tears , to tell him of the crash . Muffat , he said , was known as "  madame 100 % " because she succeeded in so many things . He said she was happy and satisfied to be taking part in the show . "  To be over there was her choice , 100 % , " he said . At the 2012 London Olympics , Muffat won the gold medal in the 400-meter freestyle , silver in the 200-meter freestyle and bronze in the 4  200-meter freestyle relay . French President Francois Hollande expressed his condolences to the families of the victims in a statement . The sports stars "  made France shine so brightly " during their careers , the statement said . The crash happened within moments of takeoff in good weather conditions , Telam reported , citing witnesses who spoke to a local radio station . The helicopters , which belonged to local governments in the region , collided about 100 meters  328 feet  above the ground , the news agency said . Police and investigators were at the scene of the crash . A manslaughter investigation has been opened in France into the incident , to be led by the Air Transport Gendarmerie , a representative for the Paris prosecutor 's office said Tuesday . It is standard procedure to launch an investigation if French nationals die abroad . Five national police officers were en route from Paris to Argentina on Thursday , authorities said . Their mission there is to collaborate with the Argentinians and assist in the identification of victims . The TV show involved sports stars being helicoptered into remote areas while blindfolded and then having to survive in the wilderness , according to French media . "  We learn with immense sadness of the accident that occurred during the filming of the show ` Dropped , ' " TF1 said in a brief statement . TF1 's staff "  come together in this terrible time with the pain of the families and those close to the victims , " it said . CNN 's Nelson Quinones , Laura Akhoun and Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	Paris prosecutor 's office opens a manslaughter investigation into the crash The dead include French athletes Camille Muffat , Alexis Vastine and Florence Arthaud The helicopters were on their way to a gorge for the filming of a reality TV show
New Delhi  CNN  -- Fresh from a landslide victory , Narendra Modi and his Bharatiya Janata Party celebrated in a parade , as supporters lined the streets in the capital , waving flags of the party and holding balloons . Modi 's party won 282 of 543 parliamentary seats , according to the country 's election commission , bringing a clear majority and a resounding mandate to a single party to rule the world 's largest democracy . Modi , 63 , is expected to officially be sworn in as India 's new Prime Minister on May 21 . He will have to shoulder great expectations , as voters flocked to his party on his pledge to reform the nation 's slowed economy . Prime Minister says goodbye Meanwhile , outgoing Prime Minister Manmohan Singh submitted his resignation and made his last address to the nation , recalling his background from the subcontinent 's bloody division into India and Pakistan in 1947 . "  I owe everything to this country , this great land of ours where I , an underprivileged child of  the  partition , was empowered enough to rise and occupy high office . It is both a debt that I will never be able to repay and a decoration that I will always wear with pride , " Singh said . Singh , 82 , leaves the office with a divided legacy . While his performance as finance minister in the 1990s has been praised for opening up India 's economy , his recent years as Prime Minister were pockmarked by a spate of high-profile corruption scandals involving his Congress Party , as well as stalled reforms and a drop in growth . "  Friends , I am confident about the future of India . I firmly believe that the emergence of India as a major powerhouse of the evolving global economy is an idea whose time has come , " Singh said in his TV address . He concluded his speech by wishing Modi 's government well and saying he prayed for "  even greater successes for our nation . " Modi 's background Modi is widely viewed as pro-business and pro-growth . India 's stock market surged Friday as initial results suggested a huge lead for Modi and his party . The former tea seller sprang into the national spotlight for his work in the state of Gujarat , where he cultivated an image of a man who gets things done . Gujarat , which contains 60 million people , has seen China-like rates of growth in recent years , which the rest of the country has eyed enviously . The "  Gujarat model " of development means a focus on infrastructure , urbanization and eradicating red tape . His past is not without controversy . Throughout his campaign , his relationship with the country 's huge Muslim minority came under scrutiny . In 2002 , Gujarat state was wracked with anti-Muslim violence , in which more than 1,000 people , mostly Muslims , were killed . Modi , the state 's chief minister , was criticized for not doing enough to halt the violence , but a Supreme Court-ordered investigation absolved him of blame last year . The United States denied Modi a visa in 2005 over the anti-Muslim violence , but on Friday , President Barack Obama called Modi to congratulate him on winning the election and to invite him to Washington , according to the White House . The visa issue could add to what has already been a strained relationship between the two nations -- complicated by a case involving an Indian diplomat who was arrested last year in New York . CNN 's Ravi Agrawal and Mallika Kapur contributed to this report .	Victory parade held for India 's next Prime Minister , Narendra Modi Official results show a clear majority for one party , winning 282 of 543 parliamentary seats Prime Minister Manmohan Singh says goodbye to nation in his last address
CNN  -- As Co-Chairman of Universal Pictures , Donna Langley is one of an elite club : A female movie mogul in Hollywood . And holding one of the most sought-after jobs in the industry comes with responsibility , in Langley 's eyes . Part of her role , she says , is mentoring the next generation of young women who 've set their sights on working in the movies -- helping them to set realistic expectations in an industry built on bringing fantasies to life . That way , they "  do n't waste a lot of time on ... dreaming about doing something that is not realistic or does n't exist , " said Langley , adding that she directs them "  toward some of the real opportunities that are actually there in the business . " Langley joined Universal Pictures in 2001 as Senior Vice President of Production , then became President of Production where she oversaw hits including "  It 's Complicated " and "  Mamma Mia . " In 2009 she was promoted to Co-Chairman and now works with Chairman Adam Fogelson on the studio 's business and production strategies . A large part of her job is "  running a business " and mitigating problems such as the decline of the DVD market in the face of Netflix and video on demand . The brains behind the most viral ad ever But what really fills her with passion is the creative part of the job . "  I just love being at the heart of the creative process . You know being somebody who facilitates a creative vision and a dream and creating movies , stories for people all around the world , " she said . Here she talks to CNN 's Leading Women about being adopted , holding down her demanding job as a mother of two , and what it 's really like in Hollywood . On self-belief ... I am the only one in my family who is adopted . It always made me feel really special . I felt like I was chosen . I think it made me have a sense of sort of being able to deal with any situation . I think dealing with something like that at a very young age and having an understanding that those kinds of things happen in the world made me ... believe in myself and believe that anything is possible . On rising through the ranks in a male-dominated business ... I think women have a unique way of multi-tasking and being sort of the ultimate diplomats and those are two skills that come in really handy in our business . We are dealing with different situations and artistic and creative people ... who need some real TLC sometimes . It does n't  feel like a man 's world  to me . I think it 's because I am surrounded by great and fabulous women . You are never going to get validation , the amount of validation that you sometimes need from other people . And even though you may get it , you ca n't rely upon it . You have to have that inner strength . On putting off a family until after 40 ... I think I am a better mother having done it a little bit later in life and having got to a point where my career was really on solid footing . How Cirque du Soleil scouts clowns , trapeze artists and gymnasts On juggling work and family life ... I had to figure out how to leave my work at work . I realized that all of the experience that I had and all of the expertise that I brought to the table every day gave me a certain confidence to just kind of let go and not sweat the small stuff and really just ... be able to look at the big picture and manage . It is difficult . I think as women we carry a huge amount of guilt every second of every day we are not with our children . I hope ultimately that they would have pride in the fact that they have a mother who loves what she does and goes to work every day happy . But ... it does it requires a huge amount of organization and prioritization . And you know I am very fortunate that I have an incredibly supportive husband . On commercial movies ... I think that there is ... a conception out there that those films -- because they are so commercial and because they are required to be commercial -- ca n't be creative . But I actually disagree with that . Their reach is really worldwide . The ... visual effects component of those films is exciting to moviegoers all over the world . So , that 's definitely a kind of movie making that is absolutely imperative to the studios . On Hollywood ... There is a superficial side to it ... We are all creating a fantasy after all , every day . That is what we do . But the people behind the scenes , they are people who are going to work every day ... these are all people who are so passionate about what they are doing .	Donna Langley is Co-Chairman of Universal Pictures She works on Universal 's business and production strategies Driving force behind a slate of films that led to studio 's two most profitable years at the global box office Langley received the 2010 Crystal Award for Excellence in Film
CNN  -- U.S. star Jozy Altidore has said he will "  pray " for those who subjected him to racist abuse during a Dutch cup game Tuesday . The 23-year-old American international was the target of racist chanting during AZ Alkmaar 's 5-0 win at nine-man Den Bosch . Referee Reinold Wiedemeijer suspended the game during the first half following "  jungle sounds chanted at Altidore , " according to AZ 's official twitter feed . But AZ players , including Altidore , persuaded him not to . Wiedemeijer asked host club Den Bosch to put a message over the public address system , warning the crowd he would stop the match if the abuse carried on . The contest was also briefly stopped after the interval after home fans threw snowballs at the linesmen . Time for football to tackle racism epidemic ? Altidore was adamant the game should not be stopped and in a post-match interview with Dutch television he explained his stance . He said : "  It 's a bit disappointing that these things still happen at this time but what are you going to do ? "  You just have to hope that these people find a way to improve themselves . You can only pray for them . "  I feel like as a football player that I have an obligation , to my team , to my club , to my family to not react to things like this . "  I want to show them that club stands better than that and that I was raised better than that than respond to such ridiculous behaviour . "  It 's a bit disappointing because you would hope as human beings that humanity can grow from these types of times . "  But at the end of the day , it 's still alive racism and all we can do is try and educate ourselves and the young kids coming up to be better than that . "  All I can do is pray for them and hope they become better people . " FIFA ready to hit racists hard Altidore , who scored from the penalty spot during the contest , also insisted he would not rise to those who had insulted him from the stands . He added : "  I 'm not going to fight them . They just have some issues and need some help . You can only pray for them and hope they get better . "  We were in a good rhythm and it was important for us to keep going . I think we started the New Year right and you have to look at the bigger picture . " AZ soccer director and former U.S. midfield player Earnier Stewart , also spoke of his disgust , telling Dutch television 's Eredivisie Live : "  It is terribly sad that this can happen for those involved and for lovers of football in the Netherlands . "  You hear that and wonder what on earth is going on . " Stewart also revealed that Den Bosch officials are "  ashamed " of the fans involved . The club told fans to stop the chants over the public address system , but that failed to stop a small section of supporters . Alkmaar player Viktor Elm added : "  The fans that misbehaved towards Altidore should be ashamed . "  I , like everybody else , am really disappointed in these supporters . It is a bad time for professional football . It is not something I have experienced in my career before . "  Jozy handled it really well . He has not been tempted to respond . He was emotional after his penalty . " Boateng makes racism walkout vow Meanwhile , in Italy , Lazio booked its place in the final of the Coppa Italia courtesy of a 2-1 win over Juventus . With the tie poised at 1-1 following last week 's first leg in Turin , Lazio took the lead through Alvaro Gonzalez 's header . The home side looked set for its first final since 2009 , but Juventus grabbed a dramatic equalizer in the 91st minute when Arturo Vidal lashed home . The tie looked destined for extra-time , but with just seconds remaining , Sergio Floccari netted a late winner to take Lazio through . Vladimir Petkovic 's side will now face city rival Roma or Inter Milan in the final . Sink or swim for ` Super Mario ' ? In the English Premier League , Manchester City endured a frustrating night as it was held to a goalless draw by bottom of the table QPR . On a day dominated by speculation linking City striker Mario Balotelli with a move to AC Milan , manager Roberto Mancini might have hoped for a victory to concentrate on instead . But his side was unable to find a way past a stubborn and determined Rangers defense , which managed to hold on for a precious point in its fight against relegation . Instead , Mancini was left to focus on the impending departure of the enigmatic Balotelli , who is set to undergo a medical at Milan Wednesday before completing a move to Italy . Mancini told Sky Sports News : "  He had this big chance to come back to Italy and play for another top club like Milan . "  I hope Mario can continue to improve and show he 's always ready because I think he can , if he works hard , continue growing and become one of the best players in the world . "  It 's important for Mario to be in Italy with his family . I think that would be good for him . " Aston Villa 's nightmare run of form continued with a 2-1 home defeat by Newcastle . Villa , which had suffered consecutive defeats by a lower league opposition in its previous two matches , now sits in the relegation zone . Villa embarrassed by third-tier Bradford Paul Lambert 's team has failed to win a Premier League game since December 15 and has taken one point from a possible 18 . On this occasion , it gave itself an uphill task after falling two goals behind early on to a Newcastle team also struggling at the wrong end of the table . Papiss Cisse and Yohan Cabaye both scored within the first 31 minutes to give Newcastle a comfortable halftime advantage . Villa pulled one back four minutes after the interval through Christian Benteke 's penalty , but it could n't prevent Newcastle from claiming a first away win of the league season . In the night 's other games , Sunderland held Swansea to a goalless draw while Wigan came from two goals down to draw 2-2 at Stoke .	U.S. star Jozy Altidore suffered racial abuse during Dutch cup game The AZ Alkmaar player was subjected to racist chanting during match at Den Bosch Referee suspended match during the first half and asked Den Bosch to make announcement over loudspeaker Match resumed after brief delay and Altidore scored in 5-0 win
CNN  -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry has removed a fourth member of a state commission charged with investigating claims that an innocent man may have been executed , his office said . A family photo shows Cameron Todd Willingham with his wife , Stacy , and daughters Kameron , Amber and Karmon . The Texas governor has now replaced all of the four members that , under law , he is allowed to appoint to the commission . The remaining five members are appointed by the state 's lieutenant governor and attorney general . Perry 's critics say his actions are politically motivated , a charge he denies . The investigation into claims that faulty evidence led Texas to execute an innocent man in 2004 was at a "  crucial point " when the shakeup occurred , one of the replaced members said . The commission was to hear from the author of a scathing report in the case of the executed man , Cameron Todd Willingham , when Perry announced on September 30 that he would replace three members . The session was postponed indefinitely because of the new appointments , and Perry 's critics accused him of trying to quash the Willingham probe . "  I think people are making a lot of this issue , " Perry said earlier . Commissioner Alan Levy was replaced by John Bradley , a district attorney who was also named commission chairman . Aliece Watts was replaced by Norma Farley , chief forensic pathologist for Hidalgo and Cameron counties . Perry said at the time the replacements were "  pretty normal protocol . " In a statement Thursday , Perry 's office said he had appointed attorney Lance Evans of Fort Worth to replace former commission chairman Samuel Bassett of Austin , and that Randall Frost of Boerne , chief medical examiner for Bexar County , would replace commissioner Sridhar Natarajan . "  If you 've got a whole new investigation going forward , it makes a lot more sense to put the new people in now and let them start the full process , rather than bring people in there for a short period of time and then replace them , " Perry said two weeks ago . "  I think it makes a whole lot more sense to make a change now than to make a change later . " But the Forensic Science Commission began investigating the Willingham case in 2008 , hiring Maryland fire investigation expert Craig Beyler to examine the evidence used to convince a jury the fire that killed Willingham 's three daughters was deliberately set . Levy said at the time of his replacement he had told Perry 's office "  that it would be disruptive to make the new appointments right now . " "  The commission was at a crucial point in the investigation , " he told CNN . Asked about the future of the Willingham investigation , he said , "  I do n't know if it will ever be heard . " Both Levy and Bassett said they had asked to remain on the board . Evans declined to give an opinion on the Willingham controversy when contacted by the Fort Worth Star-Telegram for a story Friday , saying all he knows on the matter is what he 's read in the newspaper . "  Because I have n't had involvement with the commission , I ca n't really comment on what 's been going on in the commission in the past , " he said . "  I will work very hard to make sure the duties of the commission ... as given by the Texas Legislature are carried out . " Beyler 's report -- the first commissioned by a state agency -- is the latest of three to conclude that arson was not the likely cause of the 1991 fire . Death-penalty opponents say an impartial review of Willingham case could lead to an unprecedented admission -- that the state executed an innocent man . The Beyler report concluded that the ruling of arson at the heart of Willingham 's conviction "  could not be sustained " by modern science or the standards of the time . Perry , who faces a Republican primary challenge in his bid for a third term next year , refused to issue a last-minute stay of execution for Willingham in 2004 and has said he remains confident that Willingham was guilty . So have authorities in Corsicana , south of Dallas , who prosecuted Willingham in his daughters ' deaths . Asked earlier whether the governor wants to see the Willingham investigation go forward , Perry spokeswoman Katherine Cesinger told CNN , "  That 's a decision of the commission . " However , the first replacements raised concern among Willingham 's relatives , who worked to avert his execution and to clear his name after his death . "  It sounds like someone made Governor Perry mad , " his stepmother , Eugena Willingham , said after hearing the news during an interview with CNN at her home in Ardmore , Oklahoma . "  I think it 's going to delay things , " she added . "  It makes me wonder why . " Neither Bassett nor Levy would say whether they believed political considerations were behind their replacement , though Bassett said in a written statement that the investigation should not be dropped "  because there might be political ramifications . " Bradley told CNN at the time of his appointment he did not believe it was meant to stall the Willingham probe . "  People tend to read into these things the kind of preconceived notions they come to these issues with , " Bradley said . "  They 're not going to change those positions overnight . They 're going to watch how the commission does its work . " He said if he does his job right , the commission will "  probably satisfy most of those people . " CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Commission was investigating charges that innocent man was executed Investigation was at "  crucial point " when governor replaced members , one says Panel was about to hear from expert who says evidence does not indicate arson Governor 's office says this is appropriate time to bring in new members on panel
London , England  CNN  -- Every week , Global Connections chooses two countries and asks you to find connections between them . Once again , thanks to all of you who took the time to post a comment on the Global Connections blog . Here are some of the connections that you found between Sweden and Malaysia , as well as some other highlights . We started the week by speaking to Craig Glenday , editor-in-chief of the Guinness Book of World Records . He told CNN 's Becky Anderson that both countries share a passion for LAN  Local Area Network  parties -- playing computer games over a local network . And both countries are record breakers in this regard . Sweden holds the world record for the largest  11,000 people  LAN party , while Malaysia holds the record for the longest  around 40 hours  . Khairol Idham sent an iReport saying that Malaysians love heavy metal bands from Sweden . And lead vocalist with Swedish death metal band , Arch Enemy , Angela Gossow got in touch to say that the feeling is mutual . "  We love Malaysia and the fans there , " she said , and looks forward to touring the country in 2011 . Continuing the musical theme , CNN spoke to two of Sweden 's biggest music acts of recent years . Pop princess Robyn said she was proud to be Swedish . Jose Gonzalez also gave Global Connections an insight into his upbringing in Gothenburg and his many musical influences . "  Ahmad Rithaudin Md Noor " and "  Jonny " contacted the blog and Kai Xun Hong sent an iReport to say that many people in Malaysia love the Swedish furniture store IKEA . Mei Mei Yap from Malaysia has created the brilliant "  IKEA Hacker " blog , which features great ideas for how to customize your IKEA furniture . If you want to make speakers from salad bowls , or make a hamster run from a BILLY bookcase click here . "  Shamsul , " "  Barbara , " "  Elizabeth " and "  Andrew " all correctly pointed out that Malaysia and Sweden are home to some of the world 's most beautiful island groups . Malaysia is part of the Malay Archipelago and Sweden has tens of thousands of islands -- 24,000 in the Stockholm Archipelago alone . "  Helena Svensson " and "  cyee " correctly pointed out that both countries have monarchies . CNN 's Becky Anderson found out that the connections run a bit deeper , when she spoke to Malaysian royal , Tunku Naquiyuddin and former marshal of the Swedish Royal Court , Elisabeth Tarras-Wahlberg . We also featured Malaysian teenager Nabil Jeffri , who became the youngest ever Formula One test driver recently when he conducted an aerodynamics test for Lotus Racing . CNN spoke to the 16-year-old and Lotus team boss and AirAsia CEO , Tony Fernandes about his prodigious talent . Finally , we explored the phenomenon of the Stieg Larsson "  Millennium " tour in Stockholm , where tourists are flocking to follow in the footsteps of the late author 's characters portrayed in his books and more film adaptations . Please keep your comments coming in and let us know if you can connect our next countries . We want to know if you can find links between Panama and the United Arab Emirates . Got any ideas ? If you have , leave a message on the blog and we 'll investigate the best on Connect the World this week . Happy connecting !	Did you find a link between Sweden and Malaysia ? Both countries hold a world record for LAN  Local Area Network  parties Many Malaysians love IKEA , Swedish heavy metal and both have beautiful islands
The heat inside the small medical clinic is stifling . An occasional breeze from an open window provides the only relief . A dozen lethargic children , their ribs exposed and twig-like arms outstretched , lay on beds covered by mosquito nets . I accompany Keita Cheick Oumar , a doctor with the International Rescue Committee  IRC  , as he checks on patients in a health clinic located in the densely populated Kati district , near the Malian capital of Bamako . Kati district has been hard hit by Mali 's deepening hunger crisis and as elsewhere in the country the crisis is having an especially devastating impact on children . Dr. Oumar kneels in front of Jabadjie , a ghost of a child whose loose skin sags over a skeletal frame . She is 16 months old and weighs only a little over 9 pounds  4 kg  . In addition to being severely malnourished , Jabadjie is suffering from pneumonia and anemia that have ravaged her weakened immune system . Jabadjie was rushed to the clinic after she was found by IRC volunteers who travel throughout Kati district to identify malnourished children and inform villagers about the help available at the health clinic . "  If she had stayed in the village , she would have died for sure , " Dr. Oumar says . He instructs Jabadjie 's mother , who has come to the clinic with her daughter , on how to feed the girl nutritionally fortified peanut paste . Although malnutrition is not unknown in Mali -- in the past decade , the country has faced three droughts which all led to major food shortages -- this year the country has struggled to cope with a prolonged drought and food crisis that is affecting large areas of the Sahel region of West Africa . The crisis has been made worse by a spreading internal conflict . Islamist militant groups with ties to Al Qaeda control about two-thirds of Mali after hijacking a secular rebellion by Turaeg nomads in the north at the start of this year and seizing more territory in the wake of a March 22 military coup , which toppled the president based in Bamako . Read related : U.N. Security Council seeks detailed Mali military intervention plan More than 320,000 Malians have fled the north in search of food or safety , 200,000 of them seeking sanctuary in neighboring Niger , Burkina Faso and Mauritania . The remaining 120,000 are internally displaced . Jabadjie 's mother , Masaran Diarra , explains that food in her village ran out months ago . "  We are farmers and normally grow peanuts and millet , but we have nothing to eat now , " she says . "  I have five children to feed and one more on the way . " Two weeks after being admitted to the clinic , Jabadjie seems to be out of danger . Although still shockingly thin , her protein levels are up and the edema , a swelling caused by the build-up of fluid beneath the skin , has disappeared . Impact Your World : Find out how you can help An hour 's drive south of the Bamako , in the village of Diallakoroba , I meet a group of farmers . They take me to a small hut used to store grain . Lamine Samak , a 50-year-old father of eight , shines a flashlight through a small window . The hut is empty . "  This time last year it was almost full with millet , " he tells me . "  We have used up all of our reserves and wo n't have any millet until the next harvest in January or February . " In the meantime , Samak says , three families comprising some 30 people will have to survive on a small quantity of corn and , money permitting , the occasional serving of fried fish . "  It wo n't be enough , " he adds , shaking his head . "  The months ahead will be very hard . " Despite the vast need , international aid efforts in Mali have been hampered by political chaos and uncertainty , and in the conflict-ridden north , by Islamic extremists who have prevented outsiders from operating in the region . However , IRC staff members who are natives of the north have managed to deliver vital aid to displaced people . Read related : Why Mali is falling apart "  They 've restored water access in many areas and are working to prime wells and water points , " says Tasha Gill , who directs the IRC 's programs in Mali . These intrepid aid workers are distributing water purification kits and conducting hygiene promotion campaigns . Still , many people continue to lack clean water , putting them at high risk of cholera . The Malian people I meet express sadness and disbelief over the severity and rapidity of the humanitarian crisis in a country long viewed as stable . "  It 's a difficult time for everyone , but especially the children , " says Gill . "  We 're doing our best to serve the needs of the Malians and help them get through these multiple crises . "	More than 300,000 people have fled northern Mali in search of food or safety after drought and rebel uprising Secular rebels in north Mali broke away from the capital , Bamako , in March but have lost the territory to militant Islamist groups The International Rescue Committee is fighting to control malnutrition in the Kati district , near Bamako , which has been hard hit by the food crisis Prolonged drought has destroyed food stocks in large areas of the Sahel region of West Africa
Los Cabos , Mexico  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Monday that he and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed the conflict in Syria and "  agreed that we need to see a cessation of the violence , that a political process has to be created to prevent civil war . " In comments to reporters after almost two hours of talks , Obama said he and Putin had "  candid , thoughtful and thorough conversation " about various issues including Syria and Iran . On Syria , Obama said he and Putin "  pledged to work with other international actors including the United Nations " and its special envoy , former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan . Syria exposes cool spots in U.S.-Russia ties Russia vetoed a U.N. resolution on Syria pushed by the United States and other allies , and Moscow is accused of providing military aid to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government . The Obama administration says al-Assad 's days are numbered and a transition should be worked out to allow the Syrian people to choose their leaders . Putin said the two leaders were "  able to find many commonalities pertaining to all of those issues , " but provided no details . The meeting on the sidelines of the G-20 Summit in Los Cabos , Mexico , was the first time Obama and Putin held face-to-face talks since Putin returned to the president 's office earlier this year . The U.S. ambassador to Russia , Mike McFaul , described the leaders as "  very businesslike , cordial . " McFaul told reporters about a third of the session was devoted to Syria , making it the biggest single topic . "  The fact that the meeting went for two hours , that was because they were talking about Syria and they did n't want to stop talking about Syria , " he said . "  Both leaders , really , on both sides , wanted to make sure the other side of the table understood the true motivations for what they 're trying to do and what they 're trying not to do . " Putin thanked the United States for helping Russia join the World Trade Organization last December . Obama later said he would work with Congress to strengthen Russia 's trade status with the United States , adding that the two nations will disagree on some issues and must "  find constructive ways to manage through any bilateral tensions . " Earlier Monday , veteran Sen. John McCain said the Obama administration "  in its desperation " appeared to be placing its hopes for a resolution in Syria on persuading Russia to push al-Assad from power . "  Russia is unlikely to ever support a policy of regime change in Syria , " said McCain , R-Arizona , in remarks at the American Enterprise Institute . McCain calls for U.S. military leadership on Syria White House National Security Council spokesman Ben Rhodes said Obama reiterated U.S. concerns that continued Russian arms sales to Syria "  only perpetuate the conflict " during the meeting in Mexico . He said Putin repeated the Russian position that those sales were part of "  longstanding relationships unrelated to the current conflict " -- and he cautioned reporters against reading too much into the terse statement Putin gave afterward . "  When he feels like it was a bad meeting , he 'll let you know at some length , " Rhodes said .	Iran and trade also are discussed by the two leaders President Obama and Russian President Putin meet at the G-20 Summit Obama says they agreed on a need to end the violence in Syria and prevent civil war Putin says he and Obama found many "  commonalities "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  Grieving women carried her coffin high on their shoulders in scenes many said they had never witnessed before in the Afghan capital . Men are traditionally pallbearers in Kabul , where days earlier a mob of male attackers beat and kicked 27-year-old Farkhunda before tossing her off a bridge , setting her body on fire and throwing it in the river . Like many Afghans , Farkhunda used only one name . Early reports suggested that Farkhunda was mentally ill , but her tearful father , Nadir , told CNN affiliate TOLOnews she was a religious teacher who taught the Quran to children . He said there was no way his daughter would burn pages of the holy book , which has been cited as the motive for the horrific attack . Twenty-six people have been arrested in connection with the brutal killing , Afghanistan 's Interior Minister Noorul Haq Ulumi said Monday in a statement before parliament . Farkhunda 's parents said the killing was instigated by a local mullah of the Shah-e-Do Shamshera Mosque in the city 's center , who had been angered by Farkhunda 's accusations that he was distributing false tawiz . Tawiz are pieces of paper containing verses of the Quran which are sometimes worn as pendants to ward off evil and bring the wearer good luck . TOLOnews reported that "  in order to save his job and life , " the mullah reportedly began shouting accusations that Farkhunda had burned the Quran . Witnesses said a crowd gathered and hauled Farkhunda into the street . "  We were asking the people to stop beating her and let us ask what religion she belongs to , " one witness told TOLOnews . "  But the people did n't listen to us and kept beating her . " Afghanistan 's Ministry of Hajj and Religious Affairs said it had found no evidence Farkhunda burned the Quran . Meanwhile , Afghan President Ashraf Ghani condemned the killing as "  heinous " and ordered a commission to investigate it fully . Farkhunda 's father said those guilty of killing his daughter should face justice : "  I do n't want blood of my daughter go in vain . " Thirteen police officials have been suspended in connection with the attack , according to Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Seddiqi . He earlier confirmed 11 people had been arrested . "  We 're very interested particularly to see what happens in terms of the investigation of the police behavior , " said Patricia Grossman , Afghanistan researcher for Human Rights Watch . "  That was , for us , one of the most troubling aspects of this case -- that the police did not intervene adequately and properly to save her when there was an opportunity to do so . " On Sunday , as they watched Farkhunda 's casket being carried to her grave , the crowd shouted "  Kabul police officials should be fired , " according to Afghan human rights activist Ramin Anwari . Government officials , ministers , journalists and civil society members were among the thousands of people who attended her funeral , Anwari said . Many of them are expected to attend a large rally planned for Tuesday outside Afghanistan 's Supreme Court in Kabul to call for justice for Farkhunda , he said . A Facebook page has been created in support of the cause . On Friday , the United Nations issued a statement condemning the killing "  in the strongest terms . " "  We are encouraged by initial reports of the arrest of several suspects , but call on the authorities to investigate this incident fully and bring to justice all persons who actively participated in the killing , or aided and abetted it , " said Elzira Sagynbaeva , the representative in Afghanistan for UN Women . She said the rise in cases of violence against women and girls in Afghanistan had become a "  major concern " and must not be tolerated . Grossman of Human Rights Watch said the attack was unusual because it took place in public and in the capital . However , she added , "  Violence against women is rampant in Afghanistan . That 's the kind of thing we 'd like to see people address beyond this particular case . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Jessica King contributed to this report .	Family says Farkhunda , 27 , made accusations against a local mullah Mullah reportedly began shouting that she had burned the Quran
CNN  -- Russian President Vladmir Putin says everyone will be welcomed to next year 's Winter Olympics in Russia , regardless of sexual orientation -- comments that come on the heels of a controversial Russian law on homosexuality . Putin made his latest assurances on the matter on Monday as he welcomed International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach and other sports officials to his summer residence in Sochi -- the Black Sea resort town where the Games will happen in February -- state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . "  We are doing everything , both the organizers and our athletes and fans , so that participants and guests feel comfortable in Sochi , regardless of nationality , race or sexual orientation , " Putin said , according to RIA Novosti . Putin in June signed a law that prohibits in Russia the distribution of information to minors that promotes same-sex relationships . The legislation gives authorities the power to impose fines as well as detain and deport foreigners who are deemed to have breached the law . The law sparked global outrage and a wave of protests demanding a boycott of the Games . In September , pop singer Cher said she had refused an invitation to perform because of the legislation . Putin also said in an interview on state television in September that gay people would not be discriminated against at the Sochi Games . But that appeared at odds with statements made by government officials that the anti-gay propaganda law would be enforced . The IOC in August said it received assurances "  from the highest level of government in Russia " that the law would not affect people attending or taking part in the Games . The next month , the IOC said the law did not violate the Olympic Charter In August , U.S. President Barack Obama rejected calls for his country to boycott the Games , saying such a move would hurt American athletes who trained and sacrificed to qualify . CNNMoney 's Virginia Harrison contributed to this report .	Putin : We 're doing "  everything " to ensure all feel comfortable in Sochi Controversial law prompted calls for boycott of February 's Winter Games Law prohibits distribution of info to minors that promotes same-sex relationships
CNN  -- Despite Barkhad Abdi 's Academy Award nomination , his story has not been quite rags-to-riches . Much is being made over a report from The New Yorker that the the "  Captain Phillips " actor is having trouble making ends meet . He was paid $ 65,000 two years ago for the role , which earned him a best supporting actor nomination this season . Abdi told CNN 's Poppy Harlow that he did n't have an agent to even negotiate his salary  he does now  . "  It was my first film , " he said . "  I did n't have many options . " Such a small salary for a performer in a multimillion-dollar blockbuster is not rare for a first-time actor . Brad Pitt reportedly received only $ 6,000 for his breakout role in the 1991 film "  Thelma and Louise . " A few more established actors have chosen to forgo big paychecks in order to participate in a project . Jonah Hill accepted a paycheck of only $ 60,000 for his recent role in "  The Wolf of Wall Street . " "  I would sell my house and give  director Martin Scorsese  all my money to work for him , " Hill said . "  This is n't what you make money for ; you do '22 Jump Street , ' you do other things , to pay your rent . But I would do anything in the world . I would do it again in a second . " Abdi 's story may be drawing so much attention because of his hardscrabble backstory . The Somali actor left his war-torn country as a youngster with his family and settled in Yemen . Years later , they immigrated to the United States , where they joined a large community of Somalis in Minneapolis . He was driving for his brother 's limousine company when he answered a casting call for Somali actors for the "  Captain Phillips " film . According to The New Yorker , Abdi is planning to move to Los Angeles and pursue his acting career . It reports that when he was in Los Angeles to do publicity for "  Captain Phillips , " "  His clothes are loaners . Recently Abdi requested that he be allowed to stay at a commuter 's hotel near LAX , to be closer to his friend , a Somali cabdriver from Minneapolis , who shuttles him around for free . " Hollywood can be a tough town for any aspiring actor but even moreso for a first-timer . In the 1940s , disabled veteran Harold Russell won the best supporting actor Academy Award for his turn in "  The Best Years of Our Lives . " Roles were tough to come by for Russell , who lost his hands in a training accident , and he went on to earn a degree in business and write a book about his recovery . There may be success ahead for Abdi , however . He is reportedly in talks to play South African running legend Willie Mtolo in the film "  The Place That Hits The Sun . "	"  Captain Phillips " star Barkhad Abdi 's tale is not rags-to-riches He was paid only $ 65,000 for the role Abdi 's next role could be playing South African marathoner
CNN  -- They might make you punch the air or bring a tear to your eye : this month on the Screening Room , we 've picked our top ten life-affirming moments from the movies . Our number one : Jimmy Stewart discovers life is sweet in "  It 's A Wonderful Life " From heartwarming classics to instant blockbusters , these are the on-screen scenes that never fail to fill you with joie de vivre . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Post your comments to the Screening Room blog and we 'll publish the best . Read other CNN viewers ' favorite life-affirming movie moments , and tell us yours >> 1 . It 's A Wonderful Life  Frank Capra , 1946  "  Remember , no man is a failure who has friends . " Perennial Christmas favorite "  It 's A Wonderful Life " sees habitual do-gooder George Bailey  Jimmy Stewart  pulled back from the brink of despair by wannabe angel Clarence . As Bailey embraces his life with joy , it 's his friend 's final sign-off that draws a sentimental tear from even the most stone-hearted viewer . 2 . Spartacus  Stanley Kubrick , 1960  After the battle , Crassus  Laurence Olivier  promises to spare the rebel slaves ' lives if they give up Spartacus  Kirk Douglas  . In a stirring response , knowing that they are condemning themselves to death by crucifixion , they each rise with a cry of "  I am Spartacus ! " One moment 's freedom has never tasted so sweet . 3 . Casablanca  Michael Curtiz , 1942  A tense frisson of resentment ripples through Rick 's Bar as the boorish Nazi officers strike up in patriotic song . But a command from Lazlo  Paul Henreid  , a nod from Rick  Humphrey Bogart  , and a rousing chorus of the Marseillaise sees the hated occupiers put firmly back in their place . 4 . The Shawshank Redemption  Frank Darabont , 1994  In the harsh conditions of Shawshank Penitentiary , Andy  Tim Robbins  seizes an opportunity to lock himself in an office and broadcast a Mozart aria over the PA system . The heavenly voices shine light into the darkest depths of despair , bringing humanity to a place where there is none . 5 . Saving Private Ryan  Steven Spielberg , 1998  "  James -- earn this . Earn it . " As the gunfire pauses , Captain Miller  Tom Hanks  implores Private Ryan  Matt Damon  -- and , by proxy , us -- not to waste a drop of life : the greatest of gifts is too precious to be frittered away . 6 . Blade Runner  Ridley Scott , 1982  Roy the replicant 's deep humanity comes to the fore as his last moments slip away . Rutger Hauer 's lines on life 's fleeting nature -- "  lost in time like tears in the rain " -- are both provocative and poignant : has he become more human than the people who seek to hunt him down ? 7 . American Beauty  Sam Mendes , 1999  "  It 's hard to stay mad when there 's so much beauty in the world . " Kevin Spacey 's closing speech inspires us to look at the world around us with fresh eyes , from the flaws in our loved ones to plastic bags caught in the wind . 8 . Silent Running  Douglas Trumbull , 1972  "  Take good care of the forest , Huey . " Renegade botanist Freeman Lowell  Bruce Dern  blasts the world 's last remaining plant life into deep space , with only a robot to tend to it . A timely reminder of how one man 's actions can preserve life and hope . 9 . Dead Poets ' Society  Peter Weir , 1989  Mr Keating  Robin Williams  inspires his young charges to seize the day and throw off the shackles of their privileged yet stuffy school . We challenge you not to feel a lump in your throat when Todd  played by a young Ethan Hawke  and his classmates stand on the desk in spirited tribute to their disgraced teacher . 10 . Victory  John Huston , 1981  "  Come on lads , we can win this one ! " Ludicrous yet rousing , "  Victory " pitted plucky British footballers , led by Michael Caine and fortified by Pele and Sly , against a dastardly German team in a high-profile game that 's weighted against them . Their plot ? To escape during half time . But who wants to flee midway when there 's a match to be won ? "  Victoire ! Victoire ! " chant the crowd . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Sound off and read others ' thoughts in the Screening Room blog . E-mail to a friend	Films full of life-affirming moments include "  Casablanca , " "  Silent Running " "  It 's a Wonderful Life " tops list from "  The Screening Room " List by no means complete ; send us yours
CNN  -- Peruvian judges began a sentencing hearing Friday for Joran van der Sloot , who pleaded guilty two days earlier to all charges related to the killing of a 21-year-old woman . Enrique Flores , brother of the victim , said that family members planned to be in court for van der Sloot 's sentencing . He said none attended the court proceedings on Wednesday , when the 24-year-old Dutch national confessed to the charges of "  qualified murder " and simple robbery . It was an apparent attempt to win a more lenient sentence , using a plea called an "  anticipated conclusion of the process " under Peruvian law . Five days earlier , the three judges delayed the start of van der Sloot 's trial after he declined to give a plea after expressing reservations about the "  aggravating factors " tied to admitting his guilt . Under sentencing guidelines , the panel of judges on Friday could order van der Sloot imprisoned for as much as 30 years . As he appeared red-faced , frowning and with his head hung low , his attorney , Jose Luis Jimenez , argued Wednesday that a shorter sentence was in order . Jimenez claimed that his client was under special stress the day the 2010 murder occurred , which marked five years after Natalee Holloway went missing . Van der Sloot -- who , with two others , was among the last people seen with the Alabama teenager -- was detained twice , but never charged , in Holloway 's disappearance . Natalee Holloway declared legally dead "  He was pointed at and persecuted . The world had been against him for five years before this case , for a murder he said he never committed and for which there is no evidence whatsoever , " said Jimenez . Police say van der Sloot murdered Stephany Flores in his Lima hotel room in May 2010 , then took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested a few days later . Investigators believe he killed the Peruvian woman after she found something related to the Holloway case on van der Sloot 's computer while she was visiting him in his hotel room . Alabama Probate Judge Alan King on Thursday -- about six and a half years after she went missing -- signed an order declaring Natalee Holloway legally dead . The girl 's body has never been found , and no one has been charged in Aruba . But van der Sloot does faces possible extradition to the United States in a matter tied to Holloway 's disappearance and her family . In June 2010 , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges of wire fraud and extortion after allegations surfaced that he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother , Beth . Van der Sloot offered to provide what turned out to be bogus information about the whereabouts of Holloway 's remains in exchange for the money , according to the indictment . He was allegedly given a total of $ 25,000 , and authorities believe he used that money to travel to Peru and participate in a poker tournament , where he met Flores .	Joran van der Sloot is set to be sentenced in a Peruvian court on Friday He pleaded guilty Wednesday to "  qualified murder " and robbery The Dutch national killed Stephany Flores , 21 , in a Peruvian hotel room Flores ' family plans to be in court for Friday 's sentencing , her brother says
CNN  -- A new coloring book aims to build an appreciation for elder connoisseurs of fashion . "  Advanced Style : The Coloring Book " is based on the popular street fashion blog of the same name featuring stylish senior citizens around the globe . "  Advanced Style " creator and editor Ari Cohen collaborated with illustrator Ilan Schraer on the book of 30 drawings , which are based on photographs from the blog . The blog has earned a large following of fashionistas of all ages . The duo hopes the coloring book , intended for ages 1 to 100 + , will bring the blog 's message that "  aging is positive and older people are cool " to a younger audience . "  There is so much to learn and appreciate from their years of life experience ; old age is something to be celebrated , not bemoaned , " Schraer said . "  This book puts those ideas in the hands of an even younger audience . " Schraer , a high school friend of Cohen 's from San Diego , liked the idea of challenging people 's expectations "  in a medium generally associated with children . " "  The men and women on Ari 's blog are such inspiring people and with their unique style . They just cry out to be drawn . " Schraer , who , like Cohen , is close with his grandparents , said the project came naturally . "  I do a lot of detailed portraiture in my work , and I wanted to see if I could transfer that over into the simplified line work you commonly see in coloring books . " The duo hopes the book will give children and their grandparents something to share . After all , in addition to the coloring pages , cutout doll and connect-the-dots images , it also has crossword puzzles and interviews . As for kids , maybe it 'll inspire their style , Schraer said , "  for their own golden years . " The book is set to release September 3 .	"  Advanced Style : The Coloring Book " is based on popular blog of silver-haired fashionistas "  Advanced Style " creator wants to bring message that "  aging is positive " to young audience Illustrator Ilan Schraer wanted to challenge expectations in medium associated with kids
New York  CNN  -- The most prized possessions of Bonnie and Clyde , the notorious lovebird bandits killed nearly 80 years ago , were sold for a price that the couple could only imagine getting after one of their infamous bank jobs . One of the featured items of the auction was Bonnie Parker 's personal Colt .38 snub-nosed revolver , which sold for $ 264,000 . Clyde Barrow 's Colt .45 sold for $ 240,000 . Parker 's revolver was found taped to her inner thigh and Barrow 's on his waistband the day they were ambushed and fatally shot by a police posse in Louisiana in 1934 . Barrow and Parker were known for kidnapping , auto theft , robbery , burglary and 13 murders , including the killings of two police officers , according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation . "  These amazing and historic weapons were found on the couple the morning of their deaths and gifted to Capt.  Frank  Hamer , along with other items from that ill-fated day , on May 23 , 1934 . The guns , along with other items , were taken by authorities at the time as part of his compensation package for the ambush , " said Bobby Livingston , vice president at RR Auction , in a news release . Hamer was one of the officers who killed the gangster duo . RR Auction held the sale Sunday in Nashua , New Hampshire . The pistols are a small part of the arsenal that was found in Barrow and Parker 's stolen car . Livingston said the posse officers were allowed to keep firearms and other possessions from the bullet-riddled vehicle , including the Colt that Barrow may have stolen from a federal armory in Texas . A 1921 Morgan Silver Dollar , later owned by Mafia boss "  Big Paulie " Castellano , sold for $ 32,400 . Livingston said Castellano considered it his lucky coin , but gave it away before he was shot dead in front of Sparks Steak House in New York in 1985 . Barrow 's pocket watch , given to his father , Henry Barrow , after he retrieved his son 's body , sold for $ 36,000 . Other items included five original items collected off the floor of Bonnie and Clyde 's car : A woman 's silk stocking , an unused .45 caliber bullet and casing , a side temple from a pair of eyeglasses , a wood-handled screwdriver and an empty Bayer Aspirin tin , which sold for $ 11,400 . The auctioneer is keeping the sellers ' names confidential . Aaron Smith contributed to this report .	Bonnie Parker 's personal Colt .38 snub-nosed revolver sells for $ 264,000 Clyde Barrow 's Colt .45 sells for $ 240,000 The pistols were a small part of the arsenal found in the couple 's stolen car Officer involved in their fatal 1934 ambush was allowed to keep the guns
Fast Company  -- Does Facebook really have more than 500 million "  active " users ? According to data from digital-legacy planning firm Entrustet , a big portion of these users will soon no longer be considered "  active , " by any reasonable measure . The company compared Facebook usership data with average death rates from the Center for Disease Control , and discovered that this year , around 480,000 Facebook users may pass away in the U.S. , and 1.78 million worldwide . These figures are only likely to grow year to year , especially as Facebook expands pass the 600 million user mark . So many profiles now fall out of the range of an "  active " user . Beyond the deceased , there are endless duplicate accounts -- Entrustet found that 150 % of 20 - to 24-year-olds in the U.S. are on Facebook -- not exactly a plausible tally . Fast Company : The Facebooks of China What 's more , a recent Gartner report estimated that in the coming years , roughly one in every ten of your friends on Facebook and other social networks will be nonhuman , meaning they 'll be "  social bots , " automated profiles created by brands and organizations to engage consumers . With profiles of the departed presumably being left untouched , with social bots soon to be plaguing the network , and with duplicate accounts running amok , how can Facebook ever provide an accurate "  active " usership count ? For the deceased , Facebook has created a system of "  memorializing " accounts , which adjusts a profile 's privacy settings to be seen only by confirmed family and friends . Immediate family members may also request the removal of a loved one 's account . But the onus is on the deceased 's relatives -- if the "  memorializing " feature is not activated , Facebook will continue to assume the profile still represents an active user . The same assumption goes for duplicate accounts as well -- Facebook relies on users to merge accounts and report fake profiles . To address this issue , Facebook has defined an "  active " user as one who has logged in within the last 30 days . Thus , a month after a user passes away , that user is no longer considered "  active , " appropriately . For organizations and businesses registered for the social network , Facebook distinguishes their accounts as "  profiles " rather than "  user pages , " and does not count them as active users . Fast Company : A graphic guide to Facebook portraits But for duplicate and fake accounts , keeping them accountable is more difficult , as users might be willing to log in to multiple accounts . So while the company 's latest partner Goldman Sachs has been boasting of Facebook 's 600 million-plus userbase , it 's unclear just how accurate those figures will be if investors -- and advertisers , for that matter -- ever choose to parse the details . Copyright  2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	This year around 480,000 Facebook users may pass away in the U.S. Entrustet found that 150 % of 20 - to 24-year-olds in the U.S. are on Facebook In coming years one in every ten of your social network friends will be nonhuman
CNN  -- A North Carolina man 's decision to put tattoos on his two dogs is drawing yelps of criticism and wagging tails of support across social media . Ernesto Rodriguez , a tattoo artist , said he put the intricate tattoos on the bellies of his two dogs so they could be easily identified if they were lost . "  They both have their tattoos on them just in case anything happens to them , " Rodriguez told CNN affiliate WGHP-TV . In fact , tattooing is an acceptable form of identification for animals and even is one method advocated by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals . "  Have dogs microchipped or tattooed through the National Dog Registry , " PETA says on its website , pointing out that unidentified animals can fall into the wrong hands . "  It is a crime in some states to perform experiments on animals with tattoos , " PETA says . The National Dog Registry recommends on its website that a number of the owner 's choice be tattooed on the pet in an easily visible spot . But on social media , some of Rodriguez 's critics say he took the identification idea too far . "  My opinion is that if you want to mark your dog you do n't have to do it so large . The skin on a dog 's stomach is thin and will be more painful for the healing process . Nothing wrong with a small marking but a large one is a little much , " Jennifer L. Ward wrote in a post on Rodriguez 's Facebook page . And on Twitter , Kristine Lacoste , managing editor and Buzz editor of Pets Adviser.com , posted , "  It 's a pretty big tattoo ; seems overboard for just identification purposes , does n't it ? " Rodriguez , who said the animals were sedated when the tattoos were applied , disagrees . "  It 's just art ; I 'm an artist , I want to put art on my dogs , " he said . And he certainly has his supporters . Writing on the Facebook page of CNN affiliate WXII-TV , Cheri Iverson said her pets have tattoos applied at local spay-and-neuter clinics . "  I wish their tattoos were this creative , " Iverson wrote .	North Carolina man put intricate tattoos on his two dogs Man says tattoos are for identification purposes Critics say tattoos went too far and are cruel to animals Tattoos are accepted form of animal ID
CNN  -- Colombians cast ballots in a hotly contested presidential vote on Sunday , but none of the five candidates running received enough support to win the election . In the preliminary tally , Oscar Ivan Zuluaga was in the lead with 29.3 % of votes , officials said , while incumbent President Juan Manuel Santos had secured 25.6 % of votes . To win a presidential election , Colombian law requires a candidate to obtain more than 50 % of votes . That means Zuluaga and Santos will face off in a runoff election on June 15 . A key question voters are weighing : Should Colombia 's government keep negotiating with leftist guerrillas or force them to surrender ? Santos was first elected in 2010 on a platform of continuing an offensive against the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , leftist guerrillas that have been at war with the government for decades . But since late 2012 , peace talks with the group have become a hallmark of his presidency . On Sunday , Santos said that in the second round , voters will choose "  between the end of the war and a war without end . " "  We are going to choose between those who respect the opposition and the free press , and those who prefer intolerance , " he said . Zuluaga has called for an end to the peace talks and is against giving any political space to the rebels . On Sunday , he stressed that he also wanted peace for Colombia . "  Peace , yes , but peace that benefits the people , " he said . "  My pledge is to work for a serious , responsible and lasting peace . " "  The difference regarding the candidates ' position in the economy and other issues is minimal , but when it comes to how to handle the guerrilla , it 's abysmal , " pollster Javier Restrepo told CNN last week . "  Santos is advocating for a continuation of the peace talks he started in 2012 , while Zuluaga 's position is that there should not be a dialogue with an illegal guerrilla until its fighters surrender to government forces and lay down their weapons . " Election observers from the Organization of American States said there was a high level of abstention in Sunday 's vote , with around 60 % of eligible voters deciding to stay home rather than cast ballots , CNN en Espa  ol reported . As candidates debated the issues , a scandal involving a hacker and a video sent shockwaves through the final days of campaigning last week . The video published by the weekly news magazine "  Semana " in Bogot  allegedly shows Zuluaga getting secret military information from a man who was arrested earlier this month and accused of illegal hacking activities . Zuluaga told reporters the five-minute video was "  a vulgar montage " put together to smear his campaign . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and CNN en Espa  ol contributed to this report .	NEW : Santos : Voters will choose "  between the end of the war and a war without end " NEW : Zuluaga : "  My pledge is to work for a serious , responsible and lasting peace " Colombia 's presidential vote will need a second round to pick a winner Key question voters are weighing : How should government handle the FARC ?
CNN  -- The new version of Apple 's mobile operating system , iOS 7 , was released September 18 to mostly positive reviews . It was the biggest change to iOS since it was introduced six years ago , overhauled to add a slate of new features and a more streamlined , flat , abstract look . But nobody 's perfect , right ? It 's not unusual for new operating systems to have some glitches in their earliest days . Nobody 's talking about anything cataclysmic this time , like the Apple Maps fiasco on iOS 6 that led CEO Tim Cook to issue a rare apology -- and which some say led to the ouster of Apple senior vice president Scott Forstall . But a couple of weeks into its existence , iOS 7 has prompted a handful of complaints from users . Here are five of the most frequently heard , along with tips for how to fix , or at least bypass , them . iMessage failing Apple says it 's aware of an issue that 's causing texts sent through its iMessage app not to go through for some users . On various Apple-oriented message boards , iOS 7 users were complaining that they 'd send a message which appeared to work fine , only to later see the dreaded red exclamation point that means it was n't actually sent . "  We are aware of an issue that affects a fraction of a percent of our iMessage users , and we will have a fix available in an upcoming software update , " Apple said in a statement e-mailed to media outlets . "  In the meantime , we encourage any users having problems to reference our troubleshooting documents or contact AppleCare to help resolve their issue . We apologize for any inconvenience this causes impacted users . " The fix ? Until the update rolls out , some users say they 've been able to get rid of the problem by turning their phone off and back on . Animation flu Some folks say they 're already sick of iOS 7 . Literally . iPhone and iPad users , or at least a few of them , say they 're getting symptoms similar to motion sickness while looking at iOS 7 animations . On the new system , images zoom in and out when users switch between apps . As TIME explains , the brain gets unsettled when the eyes try to focus on images that do n't match up -- for example , when you 're on a rocking ship or moving car and trying to read a stationary item , like a book . The fix ? iOS 7 users can go to "  Settings , " then "  General " and then "  Accessibility . " Click on "  Reduce Motion " to make the zooming go away . Battery drain This one has been mostly reported by users of older phones like the iPhone 4S . Simply , they say iOS 7 seems to drain their batteries faster than iOS 6 did . One factor may be that iOS 7 expands the ability to run apps in the background while focusing on another task . The fix ? Again , go to "  Settings " and "  General , " but then choose "  Background App Refresh . " From there , you can choose which apps you 'll allow to run in the background and which you wo n't . There are also general battery-saving steps , like dimming your screen and making sure things like GPS and Bluetooth are switched off if you 're not using them . Certain apps log you out This one might take care of itself over time . When Apple updates its operating system , apps that rely on parts of it  like Camera  must update as well . Until they do , they sometimes kick users out . On Apple message boards , users were mentioning apps like Snapchat and Mailbox as frequent offenders . The fix ? Some developers may have already tweaked their products , and other fixes are probably on the way . But if you 're still having problems , you can go to "  Settings , " "  General " and "  Background App Refresh " again . Turn off any apps you 're having problems with . Lock screen bypass This one has already been addressed in an iOS 7 update from Apple just days after the new operating system rolled out . For the first few days , iPhones and iPads apparently were vulnerable in one particular instance . If users were running the Camera app and had Control Center activated on their Lock screens , there were a few steps someone could take to unlock their phones . But the iOS 7.0.2 update , released on September 26 , "  fixes bugs that could allow someone to bypass the Lock screen passcode , " according to Apple . Are you encountering issues with iOS 7 ? If so , have you found a way to fix them ? Let us know in the comments .	iMessage not working for some users of Apple 's new mobile system Some also say they get motion sickness from animation on their iPads and iPhones Apple has already fixed a Lock screen bypass Fixes or workarounds exist for most glitches
CNN  -- A day after Saudi King Abdullah announced greater political participation for women in the future , some Saudis questioned just how big a change may really be on the horizon . Some women 's rights activists who were initially elated by Sunday 's announcement said they were feeling disappointed because the changes do not kick in immediately . "  We do n't really think now that we 've been promised a real right , " said one . But a member of Saudi Arabia 's Consultative Council called one of the changes the king announced "  hugely important . " King Abdullah announced two changes Sunday , which would be historic for Saudi Arabia . He said women will be allowed to serve as members of the Shura Council , the Consultative Council that advises the king . Its 150 members are appointed . The king also said women will be allowed to run as candidates and nominate candidates in the next set of municipal elections . It is unknown when those may ultimately take place . The changes do not apply to elections scheduled for this Thursday -- which will be only the second set of elections in the kingdom since 1963 . While the king did not use the word "  vote " in his remarks , allowing women to take part in the nomination process would amount to voting within Saudi Arabia 's system . "  We do n't really think now that we 've been promised a real right because it 's been postponed . " said Wajeha Al-Huwaider , a prominent Saudi women 's rights activist . "  The king could have said this is happening now because the next election is going to happen this Thursday -- it would n't have been a problem to postpone this election for a month and have women participate in this round . " "  For the Shura council it 's another year and a half , for the municipal election it 's another four years -- anything could happen during that time , " she said . "  Whatever can be given can be taken . " "  That will give time for extremists to reverse the decision , " said Al-Huwaider . "  The government thinks they will give time for people to adjust to the idea , but if you 're against something , you 'll never change your mind and if you 're for it you 'll never change your mind . Why do they hesitate when it comes to women 's issues ? The government always hesitates . " This Thursday 's elections come after more than two years of delays , so any time frame for when future elections may take place is not seen as a solid plan . Amnesty International said the announcement that women will be given the right to vote is "  no guarantee of rights . " "  It is a welcome , albeit limited , step along the long road towards gender equality in Saudi Arabia , and a testament to the long struggle of women 's rights activists there , " said Philip Luther , the human rights group 's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa , in a statement . "  It is , however , much overdue and does not go nearly far enough . " "  The whole system of women 's subordination to men in Saudi Arabia needs to be dismantled , " Luther said . Saleh Al-Namla , one of the 150 members of the Consultative Council , expressed no doubts that women will join the council in 2013 , and called it a very significant step . "  I think it 's hugely important , " he said . "  They will be full members of the Shura Council just like anybody else . We have women advisers , but in the next round of Shura Council appointments , they will be full members of the committee just like any other member . " The U.S. State Department notes that there are 13 advisers on the council . Al-Namla said the 13 advise the council , but are not among the 150 members . The changes the king announced follow increasing pressure , from outside and inside Saudi Arabia , to give women the right to vote and greater political participation . Earlier this year , Saudi women activists wrote the government requesting that women be allowed to vote and be candidates in the municipal elections , according to the U.S. Library of Congress . Saudi Arabia 's "  Minister of Municipality and Rural Affairs declared that Saudi women will not be able to either run or vote in this election , " the Library of Congress reported on its blog . "  According to news reports , the Minister stated that the ban on women 's participation is due to the lack of segregated voting facilities . " When election centers opened in April for voters to register , some groups of women turned up and were turned away . It was one of the first public acts of the "  Saudi Women Revolution , " a movement set up to campaign for the end of Saudi Arabia 's discriminatory laws . In June , a number of Saudi women took to the streets -- in cars -- to demand the right for women to drive and travel freely in the country . There are no specific traffic laws that make it illegal for women to drive in Saudi Arabia . However , religious edicts are often interpreted as a prohibition of female drivers . Such edicts also prevent women from opening bank accounts , obtaining passports or even going to school without the presence of a male guardian . Authorities stopped Manal al Sharif , 32 , for driving a car May 21 and detained her the next day . She said she was forced to sign a form promising not to drive again and spent a week in jail . Her case became a rallying cry for women activists . The U.S. State Department 's human rights report on Saudi Arabia , published in 2011 , notes many challenges facing women in Saudi Arabia in 2010 : "  By law a female rape victim is at fault for illegal ` mixing of genders ' and is punished along with the perpetrator . " "  Women continued to face discrimination under the law and remained uninformed about their rights . Although they may legally own property and are entitled to financial support from their guardian , women have few political or social rights , and society does not treat them as equal members . " "  The guardianship system requires that every woman have a close male relative as her ` guardian ' with the authority to approve her travel . " "  Women risk arrest for riding in a vehicle driven by a male who is not an employee or a close male relative . " "  Women also faced discrimination in courts , where the testimony of one man equals that of two women . " "  The law requires a woman to obtain the permission of a male guardian to work if the type of business is not ` deemed appropriate for a woman . ' " The report also noted some improvements . "  Increased efforts to protect women and children against domestic violence through the National Family Safety Program , as well as the Human Rights Commission , reflected a significant human rights achievement , " the report said . It also noted that in 2010 , "  women increasingly participated in political life , albeit with significantly less status than men . " CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : The system of women 's subordination in Saudi Arabia "  needs to be dismantled , " an Amnesty International official says "  We do n't really think now that we 've been promised a real right , " a Saudi women 's rights activist says A member of the Consultative Council says the future inclusion of women will be "  hugely important " King Abdullah announced two changes Sunday
CNN  -- A strong , politically savvy woman is just what Japan and the United States need to strengthen relations on both sides of the Pacific . Caroline Kennedy , who is in line for the post of U.S. ambassador to Japan , may or may not exactly fit that bill . With any luck , though , she could leverage her appointment as Washington 's top envoy to Tokyo to heighten awareness of just how seriously both sides need to take the issue of female leadership . Not that there is a dearth of other pressing problems at stake . North Korea 's nuclear aspirations show no sign of abating , while worries about tensions in the East China Sea over a handful of barren rocks possibly triggering armed conflict between Japan and China persist . Meanwhile , an arms race is building up in the Asia-Pacific , and the United States needs to strengthen ties with solid allies such as Japan more than ever . A skillful diplomat should be able to navigate those choppy waters under the leadership of the Obama administration . Where an ambassador can make a real difference in bilateral relations is in highlighting issues that are not necessarily being pushed forward by her bosses at the State Department . For Kennedy , her cause should rightly be unleashing the power of women in Japan and the United States . Japan is woefully behind most other industrialized countries -- and developing nations alike . According to the World Economic Forum 's 2012 gender equity survey , it ranks in 101st place among 135 countries . The United States , meanwhile , comes in as number 22 , and European countries dominate the top tier of the ranking that measures women 's economic opportunities , education , health and political empowerment . More than 60 % of Japanese women work , while nearly 70 % of their U.S. counterparts are in the workforce . What 's particularly worrisome , though , is that while women make up about 15 % of upper management and company boards in the United States , they account for about 2 % in Japan , according to the consultancy group McKinsey 's June 2012 report Women Matter : An Asian Perspective . That means the United States is hardly a role model when it comes to female leadership , and both Japan and the United States can encourage one another to go beyond simply discussing women joining the workforce . What both countries need now is to ensure greater diversity in leadership positions , from the corridors of power to executive board rooms . Certainly in Japan , women are as well-educated as men , but face major obstacles in climbing up the corporate ladder once they get married or after they have children . Not only does Japan need major policy overhaul to encourage more women to be more ambitious professionally , but there also needs to be a significant shift in mindset to convince women that they can and should strive for economic empowerment . At 1.39 children per women , Japan 's birthrate is one of the lowest in the world . Meanwhile , nearly a quarter of the population is older than 65 , while the number of immigrants in the country remains below 2 % , according to the International Organization for Migration . Clearly , that equation does not make for a robust economy . Pushing for the best and brightest women to be more ambitious , and giving them the opportunity to shine , should be a national priority . The United States is ahead of Japan when it comes to acknowledging the potential of female corporate and political leaders , but it pales in comparison to Scandinavian countries . Both the United States and Japan have a long way to go to reach gender parity , and both can work together to change the mindset toward female leadership . As John F. Kennedy 's only daughter , Caroline Kennedy 's personal experiences hardly resonate with the average woman . Yet she has enjoyed access to some of the world 's most powerful and inspiring people since an early age , and she can leverage her position as ambassador to highlight what women in Japan and the United States can aspire . Kennedy could encourage high-powered women such as Facebook 's chief operating officer , Sheryl Sandberg , to spread a U.S. brand of self-made powerful women who have prospered in places such as Silicon Valley . She could reach out to people such as former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to talk about her personal struggles in juggling personal ambition and family needs , which will resonate with all women regardless of nationality or economic status . Kennedy 's biggest personal challenge would be to come out of her father 's shadow and establish herself as a top diplomat in her own right . Her posting to one of the potentially most explosive regions in the world today highlights Obama 's confidence in her leadership potential . Japan has a very long way to go to for gender equality . The United States does much better , but it could do more as well . Both countries can acknowledge that there is a problem and be open to learning from nations that have encouraged female leadership and success to blossom . Given Kennedy 's high profile , she could shed light on the issue and push for concrete action . And by being humble and acknowledging America 's failings in promoting women to leadership positions , Kennedy would avoid the label of trying to impose U.S. values on her host country . By becoming a champion of female leadership in Japan and the United States , Kennedy could leave a powerful legacy of helping to enhance U.S.-Japan relations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shihoko Goto .	Caroline Kennedy is being vetted for the post of U.S. ambassador to Japan Shihoko Goto says Kennedy could be a strong voice for empowering women Japan is far behind other nations in giving women leadership roles in business , she says Author : Kennedy could emphasize how Japan , U.S. need to move toward gender equity
Oprah.com  -- It took a two-year journey around the world for Susan Sparks to identify her life 's mission -- finding the funny in religion . Fifteen years ago , pastor Susan Sparks did n't even go to church . She was an attorney for Citibank , drafting contracts and defending litigation claims . After hours , she exercised her natural talent for making people laugh , performing stand-up in small comedy clubs around Manhattan . But when she went to bed at night , Sparks felt an absence of purpose : "  My parents taught me to leave things better than I found them , " she remembers . "  I used to lie there and think , What did I leave better today ? " So she quit her job , packed a bag , and set off to find her true calling . Oprah.com : From ad exec to cheese master "  I was raised in a very conservative -- and alienating -- Baptist tradition down South , and that was all I knew , " Sparks says . "  I wanted to sink into new religions . " So she spent time with a Hindu family in India , meditated with Buddhist monks in Nepal , and visited an imam in Cairo . But her turning point came at Mother Teresa 's orphanage in Calcutta , where she met a 5-year-old deaf child named Anna . Sitting in Sparks 's lap , Anna put her ear against her chest . Sparks laughed , and Anna , feeling the vibrations , squealed with delight . "  We did this for hours , " says Sparks . "  It was like God dropped a sign : ` Laughter and spirituality go together ! ' " Oprah.com : From writer to farmer Back in New York , she enrolled in a seminary with the hope that she might use her humor to help people see the divine in a more joyful way . Since 2000 Sparks has been a minister at Madison Avenue Baptist Church , preaching on subjects such as what Christians can learn from Elvis fans  "  They believe the King lives , honey , and we can all use some of that faith "  . Last May Sparks published her first book , "  Laugh Your Way to Grace " . "  If you can laugh at yourself , you can forgive yourself , " she says . "  And if you can forgive yourself , then you can forgive others . " Oprah.com : From software developer to aerialist When her church schedule permits , Sparks tours the country with rabbi-slash-comic Bob Alper and Muslim comedian Azhar Usman using religion as fodder for their act  "  Southern Baptists do n't talk about sex , " says Sparks . "  It could lead to dancing . " Comedy and ministry do the same thing , she explains : "  They help people feel less alone . And that 's a very healing thing . " Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Susan Sparks was an attorney by trade and did n't even go to church She took a two-year journey to identify her life 's mission to become a minister Sparks tours the country with rabbi/comic Bob Alper and Muslim comedian Azhar Usman
CNN  -- AC Milan president Silvio Berlusconi has told Kaka that he must decide on his reported $ 92 million move to Real Madrid on Monday . Former World Player of the Year Kaka must make a decision about his future . The Serie A club 's owner revealed on Italian television station Rai , he would meet with the Brazil playmaker at the start of next week to thrash out the former World Player of the Year 's future . Catch up on the latest football transfer gossip . "  I will speak on Monday probably , " Berlusconi said on Wednesday night 's Porta a Porta program . "  On Monday you will all know the decision that has been taken . And to add , we will talk when we have a definite decision . "  At the moment there is no decision . On Monday I will meet with Kaka , and then we shall see . Putting aside the great friendship -LSB- with Kaka -RSB- , the negotiations are in the hands of Kaka 's father , he is the one who will decide . -LSB- If Kaka goes -RSB- we still have a certain Ronaldinho . " Milan chief executive Adriano Galliani said that the club had agreed to sell the 27-year-old Kaka for "  solely economic " reasons : "  Milan can not go on losing $ 70 million  $ 99 million  a year , " he told Italian newspaper Gazzetta dello Sport on Thursday "  Kaka has behaved very professionally with us , he has never asked for his deal to be revised or his contract extended . He has been here six years and won everything there is to win . But we ca n't afford to miss out on $ 100 million . " Galliani said there was no chance of English club Chelsea -- who appointed former Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti as manager on Monday -- swooping in to beat Real for Kaka 's signature . An agreement with Chelsea could not exist , " he told Gazzetta dello Sport . "  Kaka goes to Real or he remains at Milan . That is his will and we are doing everything in complete agreement . " Chelsea had earlier denied making any bid for the player , following British reports that the Londoners would make a world-record offer . Earlier on Wednesday , Milan denied a Spanish radio station 's report claiming that a deal had already been sealed following a meeting between Galliani and new Real president Florentino Perez . Milan 's official Web site denied the report , saying that Galliani had visited Madrid purely for a special dinner in honor of Perez , who won the recent club presidential elections . On the Web site , Galliani also sounded a note of warning over the loss of star players from Serie A to the bigger spending clubs in Spain and England . "  I might sound boring , but today no one even dares to think that players like Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo can come to Italy , " he said . "  If we do n't solve these problems , we will not have the Kakas , Patos and Ibrahimovics anymore . If we go forward like this , with these stadiums , we will become a small league . " Kaka is currently in Brazil with the national team ahead of a World Cup qualifier against Uruguay , and on Tuesday had appeared to rule out a move from Italy 's Serie A. "  I 'll say it for the last time . The last time . I do n't want to leave Milan , " he told Gazzetta dello Sport . "  In this period I prefer to remain silent because I do n't want to be misunderstood . Or , worse still , to be used . "  To the millions of Milan supporters , I say that I have made my choice . I have said what I want to stay . Leave me in peace , please . " Last January , Kaka rejected a move to Premier League Manchester City who were prepared to pay him a reported $ 750,000 per week . Kaka 's former coach at Milan , Carlo Ancelotti , was on Monday appointed manager at Chelsea .	AC Milan president to meet with Kaka on Monday to decide Brazil star 's future Playmaker must choose whether to make $ 92 million transfer to Real Madrid Chief executive Galliani says that Milan must sell Kaka for economic reasons Kaka currently in Brazil with the national team ahead of a World Cup qualifier
Cover Media  -- Alyssa Milano does n't think every child actor is bound to get in trouble with the law . The 40-year-old actress appeared on screens as a preteen in the 1980s sitcom "  Who 's The Boss , " and thinks her genuine gift of being an actress has kept her from going off the rails . "  I hope it 's talent , " she told Maxim magazine . "  That was an era when TV child actors just did n't work after their show was over . " The "  Mistresses " star believes that only certain people have been able to hold on to regular jobs while maintaining their wholesome image . She counts "  Married With Children 's " Christina Applegate , 41 , as another actress who has done well out of starting work early in life . "  I think Christina Applegate and I are the only two who maintained some sort of career path past the shows that launched us , " she confessed . Milano welcomed her first child with her CAA agent husband David Bugliari in 2011 . She thinks that troubled stars like Lindsay Lohan and Amanda Bynes did n't have much chance of have a healthy career and personal life to begin with . "  I have a great family , and I look at a lot of these kids who struggle in the industry and think they 'd have struggled no matter what they did , " she admitted . Courtesy of Cover Media	Alyssa Milano tells Maxim magazine that not all child stars are headed for trouble She attributes talent to helping her grow up in the industry She points to Christina Applegate as another actress who 's maintained her path
CNN  -- A number of CNN iReporters made sure to get in line for screenings of "  The Twilight Saga : New Moon , " and their reaction can be summed up in one word : "  More ! " "  Grade A film ! Better than the first , " said frequent iReport movie reviewer Rajiim Gross of Fort Thomas , Kentucky . Gross did have one caveat : Since "  New Moon " is the second in a series , moviegoers will have to see the first film , "  Twilight , " to understand some of the plot developments in the second . Watch Gross ' iReport IReporter Asa Thibodeax acknowledged that he was n't a "  New Moon " fan , but he "  enjoyed it , " he said after a screening at the Minneapolis , Minnesota-area Mall of America . His daughter , Dacia , was more enthusiastic . "  I loved it -- a lot more than I thought I would , " she said , adding breathily , "  Jacob 's body , " referring to star Taylor Lautner 's chiseled physique . Have your own review ? Post an iReport here Like Dacia , most "  New Moon " fans are well familiar with the source material -- the "  Twilight " novels by Stephenie Meyer -- and many have seen the first film plenty of times . Fifteen-year-old Annabelle Barker and 18-year-old Hilda Akinrinade , who attended a London , England , screening , could n't wait for the new film to start . "  I 've watched -LSB- ` Twilight ' -RSB- at least a hundred times ! " Akinrinade told CNN . Professional movie reviewers have n't been as kind to the film as fans . "  New Moon " currently has a 29 percent approval rating at RottenTomatoes.com , the movie review aggregator site , worse than the 49 percent approval earned by "  Twilight . " "  A morning-after mope-fest , " wrote the Boston Globe 's Ty Burr . Some moviegoers agreed . IReporter Oonabot 's iReport consisted , simply , of a photograph under the headline , "  We went to the movies tonight . " In the photo , she and her husband are wearing T-shirts that state "  New Moon Sucks " and "  I -LSB- hate -RSB- Twilight . " Nevertheless , most fans would not be denied . "  New Moon " is the No. 1 film of all time in advance ticket sales , according to ticket seller MovieTickets.com . Forecasters say the film may gross as much as $ 100 million its opening weekend . And fans rallied around to show their support . "  I was blown away . It was so awesome , " an unidentified female moviegoer told iReporter Chris Morrow of San Diego , California , where some fans waited for more than two hours at a Wednesday night screening . And even Anders Wright , who reviews films for San Diego 's CityBeat , knows that he 's outnumbered by the "  Twi-hards , " as dedicated fans call themselves . "  It does n't matter what I thought , " he told Morrow . "  This is ultimately one of the biggest critic-proof movies of the entire year . "	"  New Moon " expected to be one of year 's biggest movies Most iReporters who submitted reports enjoyed film , second in "  Twilight " series Professional movie critics were n't as kind ; film is doing poorly at RottenTomatoes.com
CNN  -- Law enforcement officials seized 300 kilograms of cocaine from a yacht in a coastal town off of Queensland , the Australian Federal Police said . The cocaine , with a street value of up to $ 79 million , was found stashed in the hull of the yacht by police this past Friday . Police arrested four Spanish nationals in connection with the raid . The bust is believed to be the fifth largest cocaine seizure in Australian history , police said on Monday in a news release . The yacht , named Friday Freedom , was under close investigation by the Australian Federal Police for its links to an organized crime syndicate and was tracked as it headed from Vanuatu to Australia on October 14 . Two of the Spanish nationals arrested were living aboard the yacht and another two were arrested after they were discovered allegedly meeting the yacht in the northeastern coastal town of Bundaberg . Police also seized an additional $ 3 million in cash in searches related to the seizure . The four arrested appeared in a Bundaberg court on Monday to face charges related to importing cocaine . Australia Associated Press reports they remain in custody and another hearing is set for January 12 . If convicted , they could face life in prison . Authorities said this is the second significant cocaine seizure on a yacht in just over 12 months .	Australia law enforcement officials seize 300 kilograms of cocaine from yacht Four Spanish nationals were arrested in connection with the cocaine seizure Police also seized an additional $ 3 million in cash in searches related to the drug bust
CNN  -- Residents of the Falkland Islands voted overwhelmingly to remain a British Overseas Territory , an official said late Monday . The question put to voters was : "  Do you wish the Falkland Islands to retain their current political status as an Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom ? " More than 99 % of voters said yes , according to Darren Christie , public relations manager for the Falklands Islands government . Just three people voted no . Turnout was 92 % . "  Speaks for itself , I think , " Christie said about the vote . Monday marked the final day of a two-day referendum on the disputed Falkland Islands , which Argentinians call Las Malvinas . "  My vote is yes . ... I believe we are like other people in the world , and we are entitled to determine our own future . ... I think it 's dreadful that someone like Argentina should be trying to deny us that , " Sharon Halford , a member of the Falkland Islands Legislative Assembly , said before results were announced . "  They obviously do n't care what their own people think , but worldwide , everybody has the right to determine their own future and why should we not be the same ? " Pictures at the polls showed some residents of the islands draped in Union flags as they cast their votes . Cars displayed banners that said "  We 're British and proud . " A parade honoring British heritage marked the start of voting Sunday . The referendum was supported by the British government . But the Argentinian Embassy in London said Friday that the referendum had no legitimacy , characterizing it as "  a further attempt by the British to manipulate the question of the Malvinas Islands . " Because the area around the Falklands is the subject of a sovereignty dispute , it argues , "  the United Kingdom has no right to alter the legal status of these territories , not even under the guise of a hypothetical ` referendum . ' " Renewed tensions The two countries went to war over the territory in 1982 after the then-military government in Argentina landed troops on the islands . Argentina put its death toll from the conflict at around 645 . Britain says its civil and military losses amounted to 255 . For more than a year , renewed rhetoric between Argentina and the United Kingdom over the islands has escalated to a fever pitch , with both sides accusing each other of colonialism . Prince William 's military deployment to the islands last year further fueled tensions , drawing sharp criticism from Argentinian officials . In January , Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner wrote an open letter , published in the British press , calling on Britain to hand back the islands and accusing it of blatant colonialism . "  The Argentines on the Islands were expelled by the Royal Navy and the United Kingdom subsequently began a population implantation process similar to that applied to other territories under colonial rule , " she wrote . "  Since then , Britain , the colonial power , has refused to return the territories to the Argentine Republic , thus preventing it from restoring its territorial integrity . " She cited a 1965 U.N. resolution inviting the two countries to negotiate a solution to the sovereignty dispute and has called on the British to abide by the resolution . The British government accuses Buenos Aires of trying to coerce residents into becoming part of Argentina through intimidation of those involved in fishing and oil exploration , and efforts to isolate the remote islands even further by limiting access by sea . British officials have rejected Fernandez 's call for negotiations , saying the people of the Falkland Islands have chosen to be British and "  have a right to self-determination as enshrined in the U.N. Charter . " "  There are three parties to this debate , not just two as Argentina likes to pretend . The islanders ca n't just be written out of history , " read a statement from the British Foreign Office . "  As such , there can be no negotiations on the sovereignty of the Falklands Islands unless and until such time as the islanders so wish . " Residents react Located in the South Atlantic Ocean , about 480 kilometers  298 miles  east of the tip of South America , the Falklands have long been coveted as a strategic shipping stopover and potential wellspring of natural resources , including lucrative fisheries and a growing oil drilling industry . The islands , which raise their own taxes but rely on the United Kingdom for defense and foreign policy , are one of 14 British Overseas Territories and have been under British rule since 1833 . More than 2,500 people from more than 60 nations live and work there , according to the government website , as well as forces stationed at the British military 's Mount Pleasant Complex . Many Falkland Island residents are of British origin . About 1,600 voters from the Falkland Islands were eligible to vote in the referendum , officials said . Before results were announced , Halford said she did n't think the vote would put an end to Argentina 's renewed bid for control of the islands . "  They 've been saying for ages that they have no intention of recognizing it , whatever the outcome , which I find interesting because they 've been going to horrendous lengths around the world to try and discredit it , " Halford said . For Argentina , she said , the islands are a "  political football " used to distract Argentinians from problems at home . On its official website , the Falklands government rejects as false the Argentinian government claim that a civilian population was expelled by Britain in 1833 and argues for the inhabitants ' right to choose their path . "  We are not an implanted population , " the government says . "  Our community has been formed through voluntary immigration and settlement over the course of nearly 200 years . ... We are no more an implanted population than are the various populations of South America whose ancestors arrived as immigrants from Europe -- we arrived here as part of the same process and pattern of migration . " The islands are economically self-sufficient , the government says , except for the cost of defense needed as a result of "  the claim made by an aggressive neighbour . " "  The Falkland Islanders are a peaceful , hard-working and resilient people . Our society is thriving and forward-looking . All we ask is to be left in peace to choose our own future , and responsibly develop our home for our children and generations to come , " the government says . CNN 's Michael Holmes contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 99 % of voters said they want the Falkland Islands to remain a territory NEW : Turnout was 92 % ; "  Speaks for itself , " says an island official Argentina , which knows the islands as Las Malvinas , disputes British sovereignty Britain and Argentina went to war over the South Atlantic territory in 1982
CNN  -- Three crew members died in a fiery Navy helicopter crash near Corpus Christi , Texas , a military spokesman said , and a fourth is hospitalized in critical condition . The Navy MH-53 Sea Dragon helicopter crashed in a field about four miles south of Corpus Christi on Wednesday just after 8 p.m. . It caught fire after impact , said Ed Mackley with the Naval Mine and Anti-Submarine Warfare Command . Copter wreckage came to rest near guide wires of a 1,000-foot TV tower for Public Broadcasting System affiliate KEDT , according to the Corpus Christi Caller-Times . Authorities refused to tell The Associate Press whether the Sea Dragon collided with the tower . A witness reported a huge fireball and booming noise shortly after the crash . Rescuers found bodies of three crew members about 2:30 a.m. on Thursday , Mackley said . Watch smoke and flames after the crash " Witness J.D. Batten told the Caller-Times he was walking on his property about two miles from the crash site when he heard a helicopter overhead . "  I saw a red-glowing fireball shoot hundreds of feet up into the air , " he told the paper . "  I heard a giant boom a second later . It was then dead silent , and I could n't hear the helicopter anymore . " A fourth crew member was in critical condition at Christus Spohn Memorial Hospital in Corpus Christi , Texas , Mackley said . "  Our hearts and prayers go out to the families , " Mackley said . Authorities did not immediately identify the victims . The aircraft was part of Helicopter Mine Countermeasures Squadron 15 out of Naval Air Station Corpus Christi , a military spokesman told the Caller-Times . The Caller-Times quoted a Navy spokesman who said the aircraft was on a training mission and the crash occurred during heavy fog . A military investigation will try to determine what caused the crash , Mackley said . First responders to the crash site were hindered by downed power lines , according to the Caller-Times report . The paper said firefighters and a busload of military personnel searched the muddy area surrounding the crash site for hours . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Chopper reportedly went down near 1,000-foot TV tower Crash took place during heavy fog , reports Caller-Times newspaper Fourth victim in critical condition at Texas hospital , military says Three killed when MH-53 Sea Dragon crashed in field near Corpus Christi
Washington  CNN  -- The head of the U.S. Department of Energy 's Loan Program Office has resigned amid a fiscal firestorm over the bankruptcy of a company that received a $ 535 million federal loan , DOE Secretary Steven Chu said . The loan program 's executive director , Jonathan Silver , was planning to leave his post and return to the private sector this fall , Chu said in a written statement . Silver informed Chu of his intentions in July , "  shortly after the fiscal year 2011 budget was completed by Congress and it became clear that no significant new funds were included for the loan program , " the energy secretary said . However , two House Republicans looking into the bankruptcy of the solar energy company Solyndra linked the resignation to the loan . Approved in May 2010 , the loan allowed the company to build a factory in Fremont , California , to produce state-of-the-art solar panels . The company filed for bankruptcy in August , laying off 1,100 workers . Silver testified last month before a House subcommittee about the DOE 's handling of the loan , which has been at the center of a fierce political debate over the amount of government subsidies issued to new businesses . On Thursday , Republican Reps. Fred Upton of Michigan and Cliff Stearns of Florida said Silver 's decision "  does not solve the problem . " "  American taxpayers are already on the hook for the half-billion-dollar Solyndra bust -- what other shoes does this administration expect to drop ? " the representatives said in a joint statement that went on to criticize President Barack Obama 's handling of the issue . Upton is chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee . Stearns heads up the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee , which conducted the September hearings in which Silver testified . Self-described as the "  The Financing Force Behind a Clean Energy Economy , " the program "  is currently supporting 28 projects with a total loan amount of $ 16 billion , " Chu said in the written statement . CNN has confirmed that Silver will serve as a fellow at Third Way , a centrist think tank in Washington that focuses on the economy , energy , national security and domestic policy . CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Diana Ozemebhoya and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Jonathan Silver was head of Energy Dept. 's Loan Program Office DOE Secretary Steven Chu : He has resigned to take a position in the private sector Republicans say resignation "  does not solve the problem " Chu : Loan program supporting "  28 projects with a total loan amount of $ 16 billion "
CNN  -- Bodies torn apart by the weapons of war . The bloody corpse of a man hit by shelling as he walked under trees , a shopkeeper 's mutilated body in front of her store , a broom lying nearby . Some three months after pro-Russian rebels declared an independent "  Donetsk People 's Republic , " Ukrainian government forces are encircling the city of Donetsk . Photojournalist Jonathan Alpeyrie was in the city in May and returned two weeks ago to find it battle-scarred and slowly draining of life as its people flee . The images he has captured show the anguish of the immediate aftermath of shelling -- the relatives of victims , people left homeless , the dead . Others depict those left behind sheltering in Soviet or WWII-era cellars and boarded-up buildings as their homes are engulfed by the conflict . The photographs , many too graphic to show here , leave no doubt about the true horror of the destructive conflict . "  If you go north of the city towards the airport you have entire areas that are no-man 's land -- they are not controlled by anybody and they are being shelled daily ... with mortars and tanks , " Alpeyrie tells CNN . "  You see some families that have remained there -- mostly elders and a lot of people that do n't really have any money , they have to stay . You also get people who stay because they do n't want to leave their homes . It 's been their family home for a long time and they have their belongings inside , so they want to stay close to that . "  You do have a lot of elders who are pretty tough and they 're very pro-Russian , so for them that 's also their struggle but a lot of them are hoping that this will end quickly . " The center of Donetsk , in peacetime much like any other modern city , is less damaged , though suffering from water shortages and largely shut down , he says , abandoned by an estimated half of Donetsk 's population of around one million . "  People do get killed . If you 're walking down the street it 's like a lottery , you just do n't know , " Alpeyrie says . The day before Alpeyrie spoke to CNN , the group he was with -- fellow photographers and a local driver/translator -- had almost been killed in the town of Marynivka . Four people died nearby . "  It 's always hard when we see people getting killed where you are , that 's tough , because they 're just regular people and they 're not really involved in the war , " he says . The team 's driver was one of the residents trying to earn a living while it was still possible . Many of those still facing the dangers of Donetsk have sent their children away , Alpeyrie says . The trains have stopped running from Donetsk , so the refugees travel by bus , many making the perilous journey through fighting in Luhansk region to reach Russia . Others go south to Mariupol , traveling through the conflict 's front line to safety , Alpeyrie says . There , where the fighting is at its most intense , photography is not welcomed by the rebels . "  You can hang out with them if you want , but since just they get hit all the time and as you ca n't take pictures or photos there 's no reason to hang out with them , " Alpeyrie says . However , recently Alpeyrie and some colleagues got lucky -- obtaining rare images of a rebel funeral . Click here to read the backstory and the unique images he captured .	Photojournalist Jonathan Alpeyrie returned to Donetsk , Ukraine , two weeks ago Donetsk is held by pro-Russian rebels but the Ukrainian Army has gradually encircled it Alpeyrie 's photographs show the life of the residents surviving under siege The images show them sheltering in cellars or clearing rubble from their homes
CNN  -- Getting anyone in Lebanon to weigh in on where to find the best shawarma or falafel is asking for trouble . The country 's most popular pastimes are , without question , eating and debating , so expect a heated argument , especially since Lebanon is jammed with incredible restaurants , street-food stalls and bakeries . Besides eating and talking about food , the Lebanese also love to feed their guests , so meals with friends and family can go on for hours and include dozens of different dishes . Any visitor with a big appetite , a little patience , and an adventurous spirit is bound to eat more and better in Lebanon than virtually anywhere else in the world . I 'm biased . I 'm Lebanese , although living in New York these days . Two summers ago I moved back to Beirut for a year and wrote my memoir , "  Jasmine and Fire : A Bittersweet Year in Beirut . " Although I 'd spent my childhood in Beirut during the Lebanese civil war of 1975 to 1990 , I 'd been exposed to only a fraction of the country 's mind-boggling variety of food . So on my recent return to Lebanon , I made a point to go on food adventures across the country , from the cedar-covered mountains in the north down to the ancient city of Tyre in the south . For travelers to Lebanon who want to get a deeper sense of the country 's food culture beyond the well-known staples of hummus , tabbouleh and kebabs , Beirut is an excellent place to start . Read more : The Lebanese art rockers creating the soundtrack to the Arab Spring It 's packed with classic family-style restaurants , imaginative chefs , street stalls serving food like kaak  sesame bread  , and bakeries that turn out fresh Arabic bread and the hot zaatar flatbreads known as man ` ouches . Just about every Lebanese restaurant in Beirut serves a different dish of the day at lunchtime , usually something deliciously humble that reminds many patrons of their mother 's cooking . Recurring hits include kibbeh -- a national specialty made with lamb , bulgur wheat , onions and pine-nuts baked into a savory pie or into meatballs soaked in minty yogurt sauce -- or any of a variety of slow-cooked stews known as yakhnes , served over vermicelli-laced rice with garlicky bits of lamb and braised vegetables topped with homemade yogurt . Lunch also often includes vibrant salads made with local greens like purslane , and savory pastries stuffed with spiced chard and sweet onions . In Beirut , some excellent places to sample dishes like these and many more are Al Balad -- a downtown favorite -- and Tawlet , an innovative restaurant in the hopping Mar Mikhael neighborhood . After eating around Beirut for a few days , it would be a shame not to take a least a daytrip or two outside the city . Lebanon is relatively small , so getting up to the northern tip of the country or all the way down south takes only about two hours , barring horrendous traffic . In northern Lebanon , in the town of Becharre near the famous cedar tree forests , the local specialty is kibbeh mishwiyeh : fresh minced lamb rolled up with bulgur wheat to form giant meatballs the size of tennis balls , stuffed with caramelized onions and pine nuts and grilled until crunchy on the outside . Read more : Photographer holds festival of hope amid Aleppo fighting Nearby in Tripoli , Lebanon 's second-largest city , the iconic pastry shop Abdel Rahman Hallab specializes in regional pastries like halawit jibneh -- soft ricotta-like cheese rolled in pastry and topped with sugar syrup -- and sfiha , small savory pies topped with spicy beef or lamb and pine nuts . With any travel to towns near the border with Syria , like Tripoli , it 's important for travelers to be aware of the changing and potentially volatile situation . Along the Mediterranean coast south of Tripoli is the seafood-centric town of Batroun . Local restaurants such as Jammal serve bizrieh -- tiny fish , fried and piled in huge mounds on platters for guests to eat by hand , and topped only with squirts of fresh lemon . Batroun also specializes in a wonderful style of kibbeh balls , made with fish instead of meat . Classic local cafes like The Garage serve Batroun 's renowned sweet-and-tart lemonade , made from the local citrus harvest and served ice-cold . Just 45 minutes from Beirut is Byblos , a historic coastal city with stunning ancient Roman ruins and a well-preserved Crusader-era castle . But among the archeological attractions it would be a shame to miss out on a platter of fresh local Sultan Ibrahim fish at Bab El Mina restaurant . Fried , drizzled with lemon , and served with crunchy pita bread coated in olive oil , it goes perfectly with a crisp Lebanese beer . Baalbeck , in the Bekaa Valley , is the agricultural heart of Lebanon , and a road-trip there from Beirut leads past the town of Chtaura , where farms produce some of the Middle East 's most sought-after dairy products . Pick up a labneh  strained yogurt  sandwich drizzled with mint and sea salt and rolled into soft , papery khibz markouk bread . About an hour south of Beirut is Tyre , a coastal city dating back to Alexander the Great . Here fishermen take boats out from the ancient harbor and return with fish to deliver to local restaurants . The best ones , like Le Phnicien , turn the day 's catch -- such as luqqos , a mild white fleshy Mediterranean fish -- into simple but exquisitely fresh preparations . Read more : Skiing provides escape for Lebanese Food adventures can keep any determined eater busy every minute of a visit to Lebanon , but even the most restless road-tripper should n't turn down an invitation to a Lebanese home for a meal . On a lucky day , the main course might be m ` loukhiyeh , a fragrant , soupy stew made from mallow leaves topped with tender spiced chicken and served over rice , with a tangy vinegar and onion dressing . In homes , as at restaurants , the meal will likely start with a mezze -- a spread of dishes that usually includes hummus , fattoush  tomato , mint and bread salad  , babaghanoush , labneh , and more -- but it 's important to leave room for the main course . Then again , I 've never managed to take my own advice , especially since the most intent Lebanese hosts wo n't let guests leave the table without tasting everything in sight and having seconds . Advice ? Just surrender .	Many Beirut restaurants serve a different dish of the day at lunchtime , usually something that reminds patrons of their mother 's cooking In the town of Becharre , the local specialty is fresh minced lamb rolled up with bulgur wheat to form giant meatballs In Tripoli , the iconic pastry shop Abdel Rahman Hallab specializes in regional pastries No traveler should turn down an invitation to a Lebanese home for a meal
CNN  -- While we learned that rising stars in the Democratic Party come in younger  Sandra Fluke  and older  Elizabeth Warren  versions , it was a party elder and established superstar  President Bill Clinton  who stole the show on Day Two of the Democratic convention . Wednesday 's session began amid controversy over language in the party 's platform that saw a tumultuous voice vote . And another one . And another one . It 's not the image Democrats wanted to project after a successful opening night . And while Clinton 's speech was 15 minutes longer than his famously panned 1988 convention address , this one kept the audience in the packed Time Warner Cable Arena on its feet . Here are five things we learned from Wednesday night : 1 . Clinton delivers Forty eight minutes , more or less . That 's how long Clinton 's speech lasted on Wednesday night , but no one in Charlotte gave a rip . Why ? The Full Clinton showed up Wednesday with a combative , charming and substantive piece of oratory that many in the political class immediately billed as one of the best speeches he has ever delivered . Clinton 's remarks at the DNC And crucially , President Barack Obama -- who has struggled to explain his policy accomplishments to the public -- got a tremendous boost from the best communicator in American politics . Republicans were stunned after the speech . "  Tonight , when everybody leaves , lock the door , " GOP strategist Alex Castellanos said on CNN immediately after the speech ended . "  You do n't have to come back tomorrow . This convention is done . This will be the moment that probably re-elected Barack Obama . Bill Clinton saved the Democratic Party once . It was going too far left . He came in and took it to the center . He did it again tonight . " Mike Murphy , another leading Republican operative , tweeted his praise . "  Highly effective Clinton speech . Aimed right at voters Obama needs , " Murphy wrote . And then : "  A master 's class in using  select  factoids and policy ideas to ` explain ' and score big politically . Mitt 's speech should have done this . " Forget that Clinton strayed from his prepared remarks repeatedly and was not even halfway through his speech when the clock struck 11 p.m. on the East Coast -- the Big Dog delivered . Now it 's Obama 's turn . 2 . Clinton answers the burning question Republicans criticized Democrats this week for largely avoiding a firm answer on the question of whether Americans are better off than they were four years ago . It was a question that first gained traction last week during Mitt Romney 's acceptance speech , when he said , "  You know there 's something wrong with the kind of job he 's done as president when the best feeling you had was the day you voted for him . " Clinton says Obama offers a better path forward for America And the issue further snowballed when Democratic Gov. Martin O'Malley of Maryland answered "  no " to the query during a Sunday interview -- a reply quickly seized upon by Republicans . While speakers at the DNC Tuesday and Wednesday mostly stayed away from the topic , Clinton answered it head-on in his speech , delivering perhaps his biggest moment of the night . "  He inherited a deeply damaged economy . He put a floor under the crash . He began the long , hard road to recovery and laid the foundation for a modern , more well-balanced economy , " he said . He continued : "  Now are we where we want to be today ? No . Is the president satisfied ? Of course not . But are we better off than when we were when he took office ? Listen to me , " he said , as the crowd roared . He then painted a picture of economic conditions at the time Obama took office in January 2009 , saying 750,000 jobs were disappearing per month and adding the economy was "  in free fall . " "  Are we doing better than today ? The answer -- yes , " he said forcefully . He used the "  better off " theme several more times through the night . Inside the DNC : Sights and sounds from convention-goers Clinton rallied the crowd , urging them of the importance of re-electing Obama to finish what he described as a tough ride from the start . "  No president -- not me , not any of my predecessors -- no one could have fully repaired all the damage he found in just four years , " he said . 3 . Foreign policy and faith still matter What goes around , comes around . One week after criticizing the platform that Republicans approved at their convention last week , Democrats got a taste of their own medicine on Day Two of their convention . While Tuesday 's session was considered a strong opener , there was a growing controversy over the omission in the current platform of a line from the 2008 platform that recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . Republicans and Mitt Romney presidential campaign officials quickly pounced . Fast forward a day : The Wednesday session started with some dissension when delegates approved a change in the party platform to reinstate the 2008 line . Another change restored the word "  God " to the platform after the 2012 version omitted it , though it included language on faith as part of American society . The language referring to God-given rights was the same as in the 2008 platform . Just in : Democrats update platform with Jerusalem , God reference But it took three voice votes to pass the changes , with supporters and opponents loudly expressing their sentiments . When Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , chairman of the convention , said that the motion passed with a two-thirds majority , some delegates made it clear they were n't happy . Obama himself intervened regarding the Jerusalem language , a senior Democratic source told CNN . And Democrats say that illustrates that the president showed leadership . But the damage was done . Romney campaign spokeswoman Andrea Saul was quick to put out a statement saying "  Mitt Romney has consistently stated his belief that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel . " Analysts said it was a terrible start to the second day . "  After a roaring first night that we all proclaimed was successful , they started out Wednesday night with a stumble , " said CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen , who has advised Democratic and Republican presidents . Van Jones , a CNN contributor and former Obama administration special adviser , called it a "  big blunder . " "  I think it was handled badly from beginning to end , and now I think we 're going to pay a price for it , " he said . CNN Chief National Correspondent John King said the conversation should have never come up . "  The Democrats last week decided to make a very big deal of the Republican platform . When you do that , it is Politics 101 , you better scrub yours , because you know this is coming , " he said . "  This is Keystone Cops . " 4 . We , not me The theme of convention week is "  Americans Coming Together " -- and for the second night in a row , Democrats hammered the premise home with a clarion call for collectivism instead of individualism . This is n't a big shocker . Those two worldviews are at the heart of the ideological schism between the Democrats and Republicans . But in speech after speech about the slowly recovering economy , Democrats aggressively pushed a common message : We 're all in this together . Five lines that killed on Day Two "  Democrats believe in reigniting the American dream by removing barriers to success and building ladders of opportunity for all , so everyone can succeed , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi announced . "  The American dream belongs to all of us , " said California Attorney General Kamala Harris . Then there was the hook of Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper 's speech about how he started a successful chain of Denver brewpubs from next to nothing . "  It was ` we , ' not ` me , ' " Hickenlooper said over and over again . The contrast at work here ? Republicans look out for themselves , while Democrats look out for each other . It takes a village and all that . If you did n't have that message drilled into your brain at the end of the night , you probably missed that middle school English class lesson about "  context clues . " Or you were watching the Cowboys-Giants game ? 5 . Paul Ryan a bigger thorn in Romney 's side than Bain ? Mitt Romney faced a tsunami of attacks this summer over his business background and former private equity firm , Bain Capital . A pro-Obama super PAC particularly hammered Romney , spending $ 20 million on commercials in crucial swing states painting Romney as a greedy corporate raider . And while speakers addressed Bain during prime time , Democrats seemed to be more fired up about another target Wednesday night : his running mate . Fact or fiction ? Paul Ryan 's RNC speech Speech after speech dealt several zings at Rep. Paul Ryan 's budget plan , a proposal widely backed by the GOP and one that favors tax cuts coupled with large entitlement cuts . Sister Simone Campbell especially hammered home the point . The nun has led other nuns on a nine-state bus tour this summer , campaigning against Ryan 's plan as a measure that stands in the way of the church 's moral teachings . "  Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan are correct when they say that each individual should be responsible . But their budget goes astray in not acknowledging that we are responsible not only for ourselves and our immediate families , " she said . "  Rather , our faith strongly affirms that we are all responsible for one another . " Her comments were carried further by U.S. Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland , who serves on the same House Budget Committee chaired by Ryan . Van Hollen , who 's been tapped to play the role of Ryan in debate prep for Vice President Joe Biden , said Romney and Ryan 's "  obsession with tax breaks for the wealthy is part of a rigid ideology . " "  But this theory crashed in the real world . We all lived through the recession when jobs went down and the deficit went up , " he said . "  So when they say they 'll turn around the economy , beware . They mean a U-turn back to this failed theory that lifted the yachts while other boats ran aground . " Wednesday night 's program certainly highlighted Romney 's time at Bain , especially when three laid-off workers took the stage to blast the GOP nominee as a heartless businessman motivated only by profit . But a stronger theme threaded throughout the night could be found in Ryan 's sweeping budget proposals and Democrats ' fervent opposition to it . Political observers say Romney 's pick in Ryan was risky , given the congressman 's highly polarizing policy proposals . Watching the convention this week , it seems those attacks fuel plenty of fire against Romney , one that may not die down anytime soon . Obama to speak after forceful Clinton endorsement	The Full Clinton showed up Wednesday with combative and charming oratory Clinton answered the question , "  Are you better off than you were four years ago ? " Platform battle over Jerusalem and God show foreign policy and religion matter Paul Ryan 's budget plan may cause Republicans problems headed into the fall
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- -- Discount air carrier Southwest Airlines flew thousands of passengers on aircraft that federal inspectors said were "  unsafe " as recently as last March , according to detailed congressional documents obtained by CNN . Congressional documents show Southwest flew thousands of passengers on aircraft deemed "  unsafe " by inspectors . Documents submitted by Federal Aviation Administration inspectors to congressional investigators allege the airline flew at least 117 of its planes in violation of mandatory safety checks . In some cases , the documents say , the planes flew for 30 months after government inspection deadlines had passed and should have been grounded until the inspections could be completed . The planes were "  not airworthy , " according to congressional air safety investigators . On Thursday , the FAA initiated actions to seek a $ 10.2 million civil penalty against Southwest for allegedly operating 46 airplanes without conducting mandatory checks for fuselage cracking . "  The FAA is taking action against Southwest Airlines for a failing to follow rules that are designed to protect passengers and crew , " Nicholas A. Sabatini , the FAA 's associate administrator for aviation safety , said in a written statement . Calling it "  one of the worst safety violations " he has ever seen , Rep. James Oberstar , D-Minnesota , is expected to call a hearing as soon as possible to ask why the airline put its passengers in danger . But Southwest Airlines -- which carried more passengers in the United States than any other airline last year -- said there was never a flight safety issue . "  The FAA penalty is related to one of many routine and redundant inspections on our aircraft fleet involving an extremely small area in one of the many overlapping inspections . These inspections were designed to detect early signs of skin cracking , " the airline said in a statement Thursday evening . "  Southwest Airlines discovered the missed inspection area , disclosed it to the FAA , and promptly reinspected all potentially affected aircraft in March 2007 . The FAA approved our actions and considered the matter closed as of April 2007 . " The airline said it understood the FAA 's concerns and was anxious to work with the agency . The documents obtained by CNN allege that some management officials at the FAA , the agency responsible for commercial air safety , knew the planes were flying "  unsafely " and did nothing about it . CNN 's Drew Griffin uncovers ` troubling information ' " "  The result of inspection failures , and enforcement failure , has meant that aircraft have flown unsafe , unairworthy , and at risk of lives , " Oberstar told CNN . He said both FAA managers and the airline may also have broken the law as well as threatened the safety of Southwest passengers . The documents were prepared by two FAA safety inspectors who have requested whistle-blower status from the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , which is headed by Oberstar . The two inspectors have been subpoenaed to testify before the committee . The nation 's "  Whistle-Blower Protection Program " protects federal employees from being fired or retaliated against by their employer . The inspectors say FAA managers knew about the lapse in safety at Southwest , but decided to allow the airline to conduct the safety checks on a slower schedule because taking "  aircraft out of service would have disrupted Southwest Airlines ' flight schedule . " According to statements made by one of the FAA inspectors seeking whistle-blower status , a manager at the FAA "  permitted the operation of these unsafe aircraft in a matter that would provide relief " to the airline , even though customers were on board . Laura Brown , an FAA spokeswoman , told CNN that the administration has taken action and that a supervisor who was in charge of overseeing Southwest is "  no longer in a supervisory position . " The FAA 's announcement that it would seek civil penalties against Southwest came after news of the congressional reports became public . Watch passengers react to the violations " The safety inspections ignored or delayed by the airline were mandated after two fatal crashes and one fatal incident , all involving Boeing 's 737 , the only type of airplane Southwest flies . In 1994 , a US Air Boeing 737 crashed in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , killing 132 people . Three years earlier , a United Airlines Boeing 737 crashed in Colorado Springs , Colorado , killing 25 people . Investigators blamed both crashes on problems in the planes ' rudder control system , leading the FAA to demand regular checks of the 737 's rudder system . Documents provided to CNN show 70 Southwest jets were allowed to fly past the deadline for the mandatory rudder inspections . The documents also show 47 more Southwest jets kept flying after missing deadlines for inspections for cracks in the planes ' fuselage , or "  skin . " The long-term , mandatory checks for fuselage cracks were required after the cabin of an Aloha Airlines 737 tore apart in mid-air in 1988 , killing a flight attendant . That incident , which opened much of the top of the plane during flight , was attributed to cracks in the plane 's fuselage that grew wider as the plane underwent pressure changes during flight . An FAA inspector at a Southwest Airlines maintenance facility spotted a fuselage crack on one of the airline 's 737s last year , according to the congressional documents . He notified the airline and then began looking through safety records , discovering dozens of planes that had missed mandatory inspection deadlines . According to the inspector 's statement in congressional documents : "  Southwest Airlines at the time of discovery did not take immediate , corrective action as required to address this unsafe condition and continued to fly the affected aircraft with paying passengers . " In a news release Thursday afternoon , the FAA said Southwest operated 46 Boeing 737s on nearly 60,000 flights between June 2006 and March 2007 while failing to comply with an FAA directive that requires repeated checks of fuselage areas to detect fatigue cracking . The FAA alleges that after Southwest discovered it had failed to comply , it continued to operate the same planes on an additional 1,451 flights . The airline later found that six of the 46 planes had fatigue cracks , the FAA said . "  We expect the airline industry to fully comply with all FAA directives and take corrective action , " the FAA 's Sabatini said in the statement . Southwest has 30 days to respond to the agency . The documents show Southwest voluntarily disclosed some of the missed inspections last spring . Earlier , Southwest told The Wall Street Journal it did not expect any civil penalties to be imposed because of the self-disclosure . But , even after the airline 's disclosure , FAA inspectors assert that planes continued to fly , in some cases for more than a week , before inspections were complete . The airline "  did not take immediate , corrective action , " according to the congressional documents obtained by CNN . "  That is wrong , " said Oberstar . "  When an aircraft is flying out of compliance with airworthiness directives , it is to be shut down and brought in for maintenance inspection . That 's the law . " Southwest Airlines has never had a catastrophic crash . Federal investigators determined a 2005 incident at Midway airport in Chicago that killed one person on the ground was the result of pilot error , as was a 2000 incident at Burbank airport in California that seriously injured two passengers . E-mail to a friend	Southwest responds : "  This was never a safety of flight issue " FAA initiates action to seek $ 10.2 million penalty from Southwest Documents show Southwest flew thousands of passengers on "  unsafe " flights House panel chair says it 's "  one of the worst safety violations " he 's ever seen
CNN  It 's a golfing paradise forged from the ashes of the space race . And , according to owner Dave Pelz , it might just be the best back garden on the planet . One thing is certain , no self-respecting golfer would emerge from a stint patrolling the perfectly coiffured turf at Chez Pelz in Austin , Texas any worse around the greens . "  They say it 's the world 's best backyard , " one of golf 's most renowned short game coaches , and former NASA employee , told CNN 's Living Golf show . "  It 's my dream . I have a dream job and I live in my dream house . I live with my dream girl . I 'm a happy guy . " It 's no wonder Pelz is content . His named is etched in the evolution of golf . His students , including five-time major champion Phil Mickelson , have amassed a combined 20 majors between them and as one of golf 's most fertile brains , Pelz has 26 golf patents to his name . The 70-year-old still works with Mickelson prior to major tournaments and the player known as "  Lefty "  credits Pelz with helping to elevate his game to the elite level . "  I was 0-for-43 in majors before I met him , and I 've won four , plus a Players Championship since , " Mickelson was quoted as saying prior to capturing his fifth major -- the British Open -- in 2013 . "  That says it all about him , in my book . " The septuagenarian pioneered the use of statistics back in the 1970s and 80s , his analysis of the game sculpted by a 15-year stint working for space agency NASA . His insistence on short game practice , and invention of clubs to help players hone their skills in that department , have informed the modern professional 's approach . "  I did space research and golf research on my own time , " explained the brains behind the two-ball putter , one of the best-selling clubs of all time that helped golfers line up their putts more accurately . "  NASA has the most unbelievable equipment in the world and that was the dawn of the space race . Sputnik had just gone up . "  We were trying to catch the Russians in terms of space exploration . And I got in a wonderful group of scientists and learned to do honest to God research . " Pelz banked a place at Indiana University thanks to a golf scholarship and chose to study physics . He famously played the legendary Jack Nicklaus 22 times and lost to the 18-time major champion on every occasion , but made significant improvements to his game once he began working for NASA . Using the one variable at a time method favored by scientists , Pelz began grading his own performance using the methods he 'd picked up at the Goddard Space Flight Center . And gradually , piece by piece , he began to deconstruct each facet of his game and isolate the improvements he needed to make . "  I started measuring my own putting , " he said . "  I started measuring my short game . I started measuring my driving . "  I learned how to measure things at Goddard Space Flight Center because they had the best instruments in the world and I learned the practical application of the scientific method . "  I finally started understanding my game after 10 years of research . It 's funny to say from a person who went to college for four years on a golf scholarship . "  Those thousand lessons that taught me virtually nothing ... they might not have been teaching right but it was also partly I was n't listening and I was n't looking for the things that I needed to look for . "  All of a sudden I qualified again for the U.S. Amateur  America 's leading competition for amateur golfers  and I 'm not practicing at all like I used to but my game was better . I was a better player . " Despite this spike in quality , Pelz was still hesitant when it came to the prospect of throwing his lot in on the PGA Tour with other professionals . "  I had a serious thinking period , " he explained . "  And I thought the game really does n't need another good player . "  I believed by now that if I really worked hard I could be a really good player and I might be able to make it on the Tour , but I 'd never be the best player in the world . "  I did n't have that kind of practice time in me . At this stage I 'm 35 now and I got so involved in the research of golf , in finding out about my own game , I thought ' I could help a lot of players . ' "  What the world really needs is for somebody to tell them what they 're doing wrong so they can score better and enjoy the game more . "  That 's really what golf is about . It 's really not what you shoot , it 's whether or not you are improving . " While Pelz 's brain power is not in question , his business acumen is -- by his own admission . After taking a year-long leave of absence from Goddard and securing funding from a group of friends , he embarked on a journey that would eventually lead to his space age backyard in Austin . But it was a bumpy ride to say the least . "  I 'm a terrible businessman to this day , " he joked . "  I do n't do anything in my company except teach golf and do golf research . My wife is the CEO . She runs the company and makes all the decisions . Of that first year in business he recalls : "  I spent all the money and lost every dime . And they said ` Well , here 's some more . ' I lost that the second year . "  Then they said : ` We 're out . That 's all the money we have . We 're not going throw money down a rat hole . You do n't know what you 're doing in business . ' Which is true , I did not . " However , by this time Pelz had hit upon the idea that would help him make an indelible mark on golf -- the importance of the short game . After three years studying players on the PGA Tour he deduced they were neglecting one of the most important areas of the game -- from 100 yards in . His calculations underlined the short game accounted for as much as 65 % of golf , and also happened to be the one area in which most professionals struggled . Most players had a range of clubs that essentially fulfilled the same function -- to hit the ball long distances -- while they relied on just one club to take care of business from 100 yards out or closer . Pelz said : "  Thirty five years ago nobody even talked about short game -- the term was n't used . It was golf . "  When I was taught golf I was taught that it was a drive and a shot to the green and then you putted . "  But if you ca n't get to the green you ca n't play golf so everybody practices the long game and they did n't even call it the long game . That was just the game . "  But I did my research and I measured how many shots people hit and it turns out everybody does hit the first two shots . "  They hit the ball off the tee , then they hit the ball at the green -- most people miss the green -- then they hit a chip shot or a pitch shot , sometimes it 's not very good and they do another one and then two or three putts . "  So the truth is there are two long shots and three or four or five short game shots every hole and people do n't think about these . They just think it looks like it 's easy to do . "  It is easy to do if you know how to do it but it 's not easy to do right if you do n't know how to do it and you never practice it . "  If all you practice is the long game , practicing that for the rest of your life will not help your short game because they take different swings . They are truly different games . " Pelz 's breakthrough came just at the right time . With money running out he had mortgaged his house , resigned from his role with NASA and was relying on the players he was working with to fund his fledgling start-up . At year five he had reached break even point , and would continue to do so until year 21 , when he finally started making money . By this time his portfolio of players was ever expanding , and grew to include Mickelson , widely regarded as one of the finest short game exponents ever . "  I 've worked with over 100 players now on the tour and Phil Mickelson and everybody says , ` oh he has a natural god-given talent with a short game , " Pelz said . "  No he 's not . He 's very talented but he also works very hard . He has practiced and practiced and tested and experimented . " The pair still work together , but it is often missed by the mainstream media as they tend to meet two weeks out from a major tournament . Pelz is still as enthusiastic about golf as he ever was , especially about the dynamics of the short game and how important it is to keep practicing . While some players will never be able to match the game 's power hitters no matter how hard they train , short game is one area pros and amateurs can make huge strides in . "  I will never hit it as far as Rory McIlroy , " Pelz said . "  I ca n't do it . Now you give me that kind of  extensive  practice and I will kill him in the short game and putting . "  That 's saying a lot because he 's good at short game and putting . He 's not bad but he 's not practicing it 12 hours a day , every day , seven days a week . "  So I 'm saying no matter what you do you 'll never conquer the full power game as much as you can conquer the short game and putting for amateurs . I think there 's a lot of potential for amateurs . "  I want them to focus there and enjoy the game more . "	Renowned short game coach Dave Pelz has turned his backyard into a golf paradise Pelz has replicas from Augusta TPC Sawgrass and St Andrew 's at his Texas home The 70-year-old spent 15 years working for NASA before becoming a golf coach He 's worked with over 100 pros including five-time major champ Phil Mickelson
CNN  It 's said that lending to friends is a good way to lose them , but how about lending to a complete stranger ? Since the world economies went into a tailspin in 2008 , getting a bank loan has gotten harder . But it 's also opened up the market for others to step in . Welcome to peer-to-peer lending , a platform where people lend money to each other over the internet . "  You can get actually a better deal by looking at people around you , looking at your community , " says Soul Htite , the founder and CEO at Dianrong , a peer-to-peer lending company based in Shanghai . Acting as a broker between lenders and borrowers , peer-to-peer lenders say they can offer a better rate to both sides without the weight of regulation and the expensive branches that typically make high street banks so cautious . For many , these platforms are shaping up as the future of banking . "  I doubt that people born today are ever going to have a bank account the same way you and I have a bank account , " Htite told CNN . "  I think we 're going to see the banking world completely transform . " China is home to the biggest rise in peer-to-peer lending and Dianrong claims to be growing at a massive 20 % each month . It fits well in China where people will typically first approach relatives for any large-scale loan . China 's state lenders are also notoriously regulation-bound and cumbersome , meaning that for many ` shadow banking ' and , now , peer-to-peer platforms are the only way to get small and medium-sized businesses off the ground . Peter Renton , a peer-to-peer blogger who recently made a foray into investing raising $ 28 million this year for Lend Academy Investments LLC , regularly writes for an audience of 20,000 on his website that provides news and advice on peer-to-peer lending . In the United States , peer-to-peer groups such as LendingClub and Prosper allow borrowers to apply for loans of as much as US$ 35,000 payable over three or five years . The companies use technology to do due diligence . When a borrower is accepted , the loans are listed on the websites calling on institutions and individuals to back them . Initially , the P2P platforms attracted retail investors , but increasingly big institutions and hedge funds have become interested in the platform . Companies such as have LendingClub currently projects returns of between 5.4 % and 9.4 % . "  It 's funny because it 's sort of come full circle , " Renton said . "  Banks are now participating in P2P lending . "  It 's very simple , it 's very fast . Really , you can do it in your pajamas at two in the morning . That is the beauty from the borrower perspective . "  From the investor perspective , it 's for the first time ever , people have been able to invest money in their fellow citizens . "	Acting as a broker between lenders and borrowers , peer-to-peer lenders say they can offer a better rate to both sides China is home to the biggest rise in peer-to-peer lending . One company claims to be growing at a massive 20 % each month . In the US , P2P groups such as LendingClub and Prosper allow borrowers to apply for loans of as much as US$ 35,000
CNN  -- Some of the most iconic films ever made have used the ocean as their backdrop . Whether it 's to highlight the romance of a moment , the isolation felt by characters or intense drama , filmmakers often turn to the seaside to help illustrate their story . Here is a list of some of the best seaside locations featured on the silver screen . THAILAND -- "  THE BEACH " Leonardo Dicaprio 's character goes on a journey to find a secret idyllic Thai beach , where a sort of utopian society exists . For this filmmakers searched for paradise , eventually finding it near Phuket on the main beach of Phi Phi Leh Island , Hat Maya . Environmentalists voiced their opposition to using the beach during filming following concerns the area would be damaged . However production went ahead and since the release of "  The Beach " Phi Phi Leh island has become a popular tourist destination for travelers wanting to experience utopia too . ITALY -- "  THE TALENTED MR RIPLEY " Positano was used as the inspiration for the fictional port of Mongibello in "  The Talented Mr Ripley " . The stunning seaside town is set in the cliffs of Italy 's Amalfi Coast and provided the stylish surroundings for the film , starring some of Hollywood 's biggest names including Cate Blanchett , Matt Damon , Gwyneth Paltrow and Jude Law . Just a few hours south of Rome , Positano attracts Europe 's rich and famous , eager to enjoy its fine dining restaurants and top hotels . HAWAII -- "  BLUE HAWAII " Elvis Presley was no stranger to Hawaii . Three of his films were shot on the islands , none more famous or successful than the 1961 hit "  Blue Hawaii " . Set in the Hawaiian islands of Oahu and Kauai , the film highlighted the beauty of the area , with Presley playing a former Army officer-turned tour guide in the musical . SPAIN -- "  DIE ANOTHER DAY " It 's one of the most iconic scenes of the modern James Bond franchise : a bikini-clad Halle Berry emerges out of the water , meeting 007 himself . The encounter is set in Cuba however makers of "  Die Another Day " in fact shot the scene in C  diz , Spain . The historical coastal city is one of the oldest settlements in Western Europe . JAMAICA -- "  THE BLUE LAGOON " "  The Blue Lagoon " was shot in Port Antonino , Jamaica and on the privately owned island , Nanuya Levu , in Fiji in the South Pacific . The film tells the story of a young girl and boy being marooned on a desert island . It caused controversy at the time because of nude scenes which featured a teenage Brooke Shields .	Environmentalists were worried Thai beach Phi Phi Leh would be damaged during filming of "  The Beach " Positano was used as the inspiration for a fictional port in "  The Talented Mr Ripley " One of the most famous scenes of the modern James Bond franchise was filmed in Spain
CNN  -- OK , I admit it : Annette Funicello was my first dream crush . Mind you , I did n't fall in love right away . Because , after all , when "  The Mickey Mouse Club " premiered in 1955 , I was barely out of diapers .  And as Woody Allen reminded us in "  Annie Hall , " "  Even Freud speaks of a latency period ! "  But when the five-day-a-week series went into syndicated reruns in the early '60s , I was a goner the first time I tuned in . Like millions of other guys my age at the time , I fell in love with that vivacious young beauty with the bright , beaming smile . And , as the show continued , the conspicuously blossoming , ahem , womanliness . Of course , there were other attractive ladies on the airwaves . There was Mary Tyler Moore flitting about in Capri pants throughout various episodes of "  The Dick Van Dyke Show . " And while some of us could n't understand quite why Gomez  John Astin  was so attentive to Morticia  Carolyn Jones  on "  The Addams Family " -- we could n't help paying attention to her , too . But those and other prime-time persons of interest were women .  Like -- yikes ! -- our moms .  Annette Funicello was different . She was our age , or close enough . And we could n't get enough of her . Unfortunately , there never was enough . British novelist and critic L.P. Hartley was right : The past really is a foreign country -- and , man , we did things very differently there . In the early to mid-1960s , an era before cable , videocassettes , DVDs and the Internet , if you wanted to follow a star , well , you had just so many opportunities for star sightings . You missed "  The Mickey Mouse Club " -- and Annette -- on Friday ? Sorry , bud : You had to wait until Monday for another glimpse . And even later , when Annette branched out into movies -- you actually had to leave home and go to a movie theater to see her . And you did . If you are a guy of a certain age , you kinda grew up with Annette Funicello . You started paying attention to her on "  The Mickey Mouse Club " at roughly the same time you started paying attention to girls your own age . And when she starred in "  Beach Party " -- which begat "  Muscle Beach Party , " then "  Bikini Beach " and "  Pajama Party " and "  Beach Blanket Bingo " and on and on -- the time was just right for you to respond to a silly popcorn comedy filled with bubblegum pop tunes and bikini-clad cuties every bit as avidly as moviegoers of a later generation might respond to movies about hunky werewolves and sparkly vampires . Of course , if you were a guy of a certain age at a certain time -- hey , you had to hide your love away . If your buddies wanted to know why you needed to cut short a baseball game or wanted to change the channel from "  The Three Stooges " to watch "  The Mickey Mouse Club , " you could n't very well tell them the truth . You had to say : "  Oh , I 'm following that ` Hardy Boys ' serial . " Or , "  Man , have n't you been keeping up with ` Spin & Marty ' ? " You never had to make a similar excuse to any girl you might be dating . And the beauty part was : Girls were never jealous of Annette . Why ? Because most of them would admit that they wanted to be Annette . They had 45s of all her hit singles -- "  Pineapple Princess , " "  Tall Paul , " etc. -- and they really appreciated that you never complained when they played them over and over again . Annette Funicello represented an all-American ideal of perky , spunky , mid - '60s sexuality -- nonthreatening , effervescent , even wholesome .  She may be the only actress in the history of showbiz to look demurely G-rated even while wearing a bikini . Compared to her , even Sally Field in "  Gidget " looked hot to trot .  And while I normally detest the cliche of referring to this or that fallen star as emblematic of "  a more innocent age , " Annette serves as a reminder that , sometimes , "  cliche " can be shorthand for "  undeniable truth . " Annette 's career fell into decline , alas , as relatively innocent trifles such as "  Beach Blanket Bingo " were edged out of theaters by the likes of "  The Graduate " and "  Easy Rider , " as the much-sought "  youth audience " started demanding less homogenized and more realistic depictions of teen and twenty-something life in feature films . And as kid-skewing shows such as "  The Mickey Mouse Club " were supplanted in late-afternoon TV schedules by syndicated chat-shows featuring Mike Douglas and Merv Griffin . To her credit , Annette Funicello retained her dignity and remained relatively active long after her heyday passed . In fact , her post - '60s career path might serve as a game plan for contemporary teen phenoms , including a few who got their first break on Disney Channel series . And even as her visibility was limited to a TV guest spot here or a nostalgia-drenched spoof there  she and Frankie Avalon reteamed in 1987 for "  Back to the Beach , " a box-office underachiever  , her fans continued to hold a soft place in their hearts for her . We were saddened and sympathetic when we learned of her battle with multiple sclerosis . And Monday , as reports of her passing circulate , we mourn her passing . And yes : Quite a few of us bid a fond farewell to a first sweetheart . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joseph Leydon	Joe Leydon : Annette Funicello , who died Monday , was the first crush of millions of boys They pretty much grew up with her , through Mouseketeers and "  Beach Blanket " flicks , he says He says boys had to feign disinterest in "  Mickey Mouse Club " with buddies Funicello embodied an all-American ideal of wholesome , perky , spunky mid - '60s sexuality
CNN  -- Some of the most important turning points in the struggle for justice have occurred when individuals in our three branches of government courageously did the right thing by standing up against injustice . In the 1960s , Attorney General Robert Kennedy marshaled the power of the federal government to protect protesters at pivotal moments in the civil rights movement . Rep. Charles "  Mac " Mathias , a Maryland Republican , bucked his party and reached across the aisle to help draft the 1964 Civil Rights Act . Alabama Federal District Court Judge Frank Johnson and the judges of the old Fifth Circuit helped to end legal segregation and enforce voting rights in the South despite much resistance . Last week , in the midst of our preparations for the 50th anniversary commemoration of the 1963 March on Washington , the civil rights community was heartened to see two modern-day versions of this kind of courage and commitment to justice . Attorney General Eric Holder and Federal District Court Judge Shira Scheindlin landed a one-two blow against mandatory minimums and "  stop and frisk " racial profiling . Holder announced that the Justice Department would no longer seek severe mandatory sentences for low-level nonviolent drug offenders with no ties to gangs or large-scale drug organizations . Citing a report that black male offenders have received sentences nearly 20 % longer than those imposed on white males convicted of similar crimes , Holder said , "  This is n't just unacceptable -- it is shameful . It 's unworthy of our great country , and our great legal tradition . " It was inspiring , gratifying and satisfying to hear the nation 's top law enforcement officer publicly recognize that mandatory minimum sentencing is wrong , overburdens our federal prison system and wreaks havoc on our communities . Why some movements work and others wilt In short , mandatory minimums have been a near disaster . On the same day that Holder made his announcement , another courageous public servant also did the right thing by striking down as unconstitutional New York City 's notorious practice of "  stop and frisk . " Judge Shira Scheindlin found that between 2004 and 2012 , the New York City Police Department made 4.4 million stops . Eighty-three percent of these stops were of blacks and Hispanics , even though they make up only 52 % of the population . In 88 % of these stops , the individual was found innocent of any wrongdoing and in 98.5 % of the frisks , no weapon was found . Judge Scheindlin 's decision followed the tradition of great judges who upheld civil rights . And , in conjunction with Holder 's announcement , it offers the promise of a new approach to law enforcement in the United States -- smarter , saner more humane strategies that are tough on crime without targeting , tormenting and demeaning people and communities of color . We received a strong message from the executive and judicial branches . It is now time for the third branch of government -- Congress -- to adopt measures that address crime while protecting civil and human rights . Congress took an important step three years ago with the passage of the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 , which reduced the sentencing disparity between offenses for crack and powder cocaine from 100:1 to 18:1 . However , that law applied only to future crimes , and does not affect anyone convicted prior to enactment , an unfortunate gap in an otherwise worthy measure . Rethinking drug sentences comes too late for some Congress should close this gap and take steps toward correcting and preventing the corrosive impact of mandatory minimums by passing the bipartisan Smarter Sentencing Act of 2013 . Among other things , this act would make the Fair Sentencing Act retroactive to persons currently serving time for nonviolent drug crimes by allowing them to petition the courts for a review of their case . The bill would also reduce mandatory minimum sentences for drug offenses , and give judges more discretion to determine sentences in nonviolent drug cases , enabling them to tailor the sentence to fit the particular crime and individual offender rather than forcing them to impose a "  one size fits all " penalty . "  Our current scheme of mandatory minimum sentences is irrational and wasteful , " said Sen. Mike Lee , R-Utah , who has co-sponsored the act with Sen. Richard Durbin , D-Illinois . The bipartisan support for the act offers hope for meaningful change and we strongly urge Congress to pass this measure as soon as possible . Opinion : Why did justice on incarceration take so long ? Fifty years ago this month , hundreds of thousands of Americans of all ages , races , economic conditions and political persuasions lined up on the right side of history , marched on Washington and stepped into posterity . Today , every member of Congress has the opportunity to follow in their footsteps . If they look into their hearts and forward into history and honestly consider on which side of posterity they 'd like to be at the 100th anniversary commemoration , they should know the right thing to do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barbara R. Arnwine and Stephanie J. Jones .	Barbara Arnwine , Stephanie Jones : We are heartened by two recent acts of justice Decisions on mandatory minimums and "  stop and frisk " racial profiling are right , they say Arwine , Jones : Congress should follow up by passing the Smarter Sentencing Act of 2013 The act would not force judges to impose a "  one size fits all " penalty on offenders
CNN  -- Not there yet , but the future of drone flight in the United States took another important step on Monday . The Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  selected six research sites to help it test and map out the best way to safely bring unmanned aircraft into the heavily used U.S. airspace . FAA Administrator Michael Heurta said the facilities , strategically located , will work with the agency to develop standardized procedures and regulations -- elements that govern all areas of aviation . "  With these sites , what we have is the platform to conduct broad based research considering a wide variety of different factors , and we 'll see where the research takes us as we introduce these into the national airspace system , " Huerta told reporters . The six sites are : the University of Alaska , the state of Nevada , Griffiss International Airport in Rome , New York , the North Dakota Department of Commerce , Texas A&M University -- Corpus Christi , and Virginia Tech . Virginia Tech 's research will also include a collaboration with Rutgers University in New Jersey . The FAA said it considered a number of factors in selecting the sites , including differences in climate and geography , available infrastructure , aviation experience , aviation traffic volume , and specific research proposals . It is currently working with the selected applicants to determine the airspace for conducting research , including test flights . Research will cover safety and logistical concerns , including that drones can detect and avoid other aircraft , and that they operate safely if they lose their link to their pilot , who is at the controls in another location . The research will also concentrate on environmental impact of drone use , and developing pilot training and standardized regulatory requirements . Current law requires a case-by-case certificate of authorization in order to fly an unmanned aircraft in U.S. airspace . The facilities are part of a comprehensive roadmap that the FAA has developed at the behest of Congress to develop a plan to safely integrate privately operated unmanned aircraft by 2015 . Huerta said the FAA will work to get all six facilities up and running as soon as possible , but Congress requires at least one facility be operational within six months . The sites will operate until February 2017 . Unmanned aircraft systems are currently used for a variety of reasons , including border surveillance , scientific and environmental research , and to support law enforcement . Overseas , drones have become a key counterterror tool . But rapidly changing technology has opened the door to privately operated drone use for recreational and commercial purposes domestically . Not without a warrant : Illinois bans the use of drones for law enforcement Amazon recently announced 30-minute package delivery system using drone-like "  octocopters . " The FAA has not yet signed off on Amazon 's plans , which CEO Jeff Bezos says he hopes to have in place by 2015 . There also have been concerns raised in Congress and elsewhere over privacy issues involving expanded domestic drone use . Huerta said he envisions a staged process as drone technology and usage evolves , and as "  we learn a lot more about what these aircraft are , how they interact with other aircraft , and what are the things that we have to consider as we integrate them into differing airspace and climatic considerations . " "  The important thing about today 's announcement is it provides the platform for this research to really be carried out a very large scale across the entire country , " Huerta said .	The Federal Aviation Administration announces sites for testing Drones are used overseas in counterterror operations But they are also becoming more popular in domestic security , law enforcement FAA looks to develop standards for their use in domestic airspace
LONDON , England  CNN  -- This month on the Screening Room we 're turning to the wonderful world of animated films . "  Shrek the Third , " the latest in Dreamworks ' inverted-fairytale franchise Blockbusters like "  Finding Nemo " and Dreamworks ' franchise "  Shrek " have turned animation into a multi-billion-dollar industry , and a market once dominated by Disney is becoming crowded with competition . This year , Pixar celebrates its 20th anniversary . From "  Toy Story " to "  Ratatouille , " the company has transformed expectations about what 's possible with animated film . Pixar 's position as a world leader in animated film is largely down to John Lasseter - considered by some to be the Walt Disney for a new generation . From "  Toy Story " and "  A Bug 's Life " to "  Monsters , Inc. " and "  Cars , " the Pixar back-catalogue is a testament to his creative genius . And when Pixar merged with Disney he became one of the most powerful players in the movie business . The first Pixar production released since the merger is "  Ratatouille , " the story of an unlikely alliance between a blundering trainee chef and a gourmet-loving rat . "  Ratatouille " director Brad Bird 's credits for Pixar include the Oscar-winning feature "  The Incredibles , " which won critical plaudits for its ground-breaking animation . He told CNN , "  I think that one of the nice things about Pixar is that they do n't feel like they have discovered the secret formula to making a good movie . They just keep focused on trying to make a movie that they would want to see . We are challenged and surprised every time they work out . " But while Pixar and Disney may be the giants of animation they face formidable competition from another box-office monster -- Shrek . The adventures of the world 's favorite ogre have generated a total of two billion dollars in takings . Actor Mike Myers , who voices Shrek , told CNN that he thinks the movies ' appeal is their unlikely hero . He said , "  With ` Shrek , ' they took fairytales and turned them on their heads . Everything is inverted . Traditional villains are heroes , traditional heroes are villains . The whole team decided , we 're going to look at somebody who has been told he was a villain and we 're going to make him a hero . That 's when I knew they were on to something . " The success of the Shrek franchise , supported by other big budget features such as "  Madagascar , " has cemented Dreamworks ' position as a major force in the animated world . Another successful franchise -- "  Ice Age " -- has been a hot seller for 20th Century Fox . And the polar climate has also been kind to Warner Brothers with last year 's Oscar-winning "  Happy Feet " charming audiences around the world with a tale of dancing penguins , while the Tom Hanks-voiced "  The Polar Express " also scored well on its way to becoming a seasonal stocking-filler on DVD . The life-like motion-capture technique used in "  The Polar Express " will also feature in Warner 's forthcoming release , "  Beowulf " featuring Angelina Jolie . But in a market dominated by 3-D CGI animations , one of the big three summer blockbusters this year belongs to a more traditional form of the art . "  The Simpsons Movie " is the world 's longest-running animated television series , and fans have eagerly awaited its move to the big screen . Creator Matt Groening told the Screening Room , "  We 've had fans clamoring for a movie for the past 18 years . We 've had kids , they 've grown up , they 've become adults , they 've become writers for the Simpsons , so we had to do a movie after all this time . " So , will Springfield 's most famous inhabitants break all former animation records ? Groening and co. will certainly be hoping that the movie gets a box-office "  Woo hoo ! " from its fans . "  Happy Feet " is a Warner Bros. film ; Warner Bros. , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . E-mail to a friend	Animation is now a multi-billion-dollar industry Movie franchises like Shrek , Toy Story boost appeal to both adults and kids Dreamworks , Warner Bros target slice of Disney Pixar 's success
CNN  -- The deaths of nine people during a raid by Israeli soldiers on a flotilla bringing aid to Palestinians in Gaza has once again brought worldwide attention on Israel 's blockade of the area . Who organized the flotilla ? The Free Gaza Movement , a Cyprus-based human rights group , brought together a number of organizations to form the Freedom Flotilla . The coalition includes the European Campaign to end the siege of Gaza . Another pro-Palestinian group , Insani Yardim Vakfi  IHH  , a Turkish organization , also sent a ship . The flotilla left Cyprus on Sunday and had been due to arrive in Gaza on Monday . Why a flotilla ? The Free Gaza Movement says it wants to raise awareness of what it describes as the "  illegal siege on Gaza " by Israel . It says the blockade of Gaza by Israel is unjustified and that it denies Palestinians vital goods and services . "  We want to raise international awareness about the prison-like closure of Gaza and pressure the international community to review its sanctions policy and end its support for continued Israeli occupation , " the group says on its Web site . What does the convoy consist of ? Six ships -- three passenger and three cargo vessels -- carrying over 10,000 tons of aid and 600 passengers from more than 20 countries , says the Free Gaza Movement . Most of the passengers were Turkish . The cargo consists of food , medical aid and other supplies including cement , prefabricated housing and educational equipment , the group said . The Turkish prime minister said Monday that the vessels were inspected before they left port in Turkey to make sure the cargo did not include weapons . What does Israel say about the blockade ? The blockade was imposed by Israel in 2007 after the militant group Hamas seized control of the territory . It is designed to stop the smuggling of arms into Gaza , the Israeli government says . Israel says the Gaza shoreline is closed to maritime traffic . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said Israeli civilians were plagued a year ago by rockets and missiles fired from Gaza that originated in places like Iran and Syria . What does the U.N. say about the blockade ? The U.N. has described the blockade of Gaza by Israel as the "  collective punishment " of the Palestinian people living there . The United Nations has repeatedly criticized the blockade and the insufficient flow of materials into the area for basic needs and reconstruction . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has warned the closure "  creates unacceptable suffering , hurts forces of moderation and empowers extremists . " What goods does Israel allow into Gaza ? About 15,000 tons of humanitarian aid flows into Gaza each week , Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said . Israel says it allows enough humanitarian aid -- including food and medicines - into Gaza for the people who live there and that the blockade is designed to stop Hamas from building or acquiring arms . Israel has never published a list of banned items but it has refused to allow into Gaza books , paper , blankets and reconstruction materials . The U.N. says 80 percent of Gazans rely on some form of humanitarian aid . Why did Israel object to the flotilla ? The Israeli government described the flotilla has a "  provocation " and said it was a political stunt . Danny Ayalon , the Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister , said : "  The organizers ' intent was violent , their method was violent and the results were unfortunately violent . " The Free Gaza Movement said the flotilla 's aim was to "  challenge Israel 's blockade of 1.5 million Palestinians trapped in an open-air prison . " Was there another route for this aid ? The Israeli government said it would allow humanitarian aid on the flotilla into Gaza through its normal channels . An IDF spokesman said the vessels "  refused to comply with an invitation to come to Ashdod port where they could transfer aid into the Gaza strip . " Audrey Bomse , legal advisor to the Free Gaza Movement , told CNN the group did not believe the Israelis would let the cargo into Gaza and that the cargo also included reconstruction aid which Israel does not allow into Gaza How did things turn violent ? The Israel government says its soldiers faced violent resistance as they boarded the largest ship , the Marmara . The Free Gaza Movement denies there was violent resistance to Israeli soldiers , saying the soldiers immediately opened fire on unarmed civilians . Video released by the Israeli Defense Forces showed intense fighting on the decks of the ship . What happens next ? The ships were escorted to the Israeli port of Ashdod and 15 people who had been aboard were taken to an Israeli prison in Beer Sheva , according to a spokesman for the Israeli prison authority . Meanwhile diplomatic tensions rise . Turkey recalled its ambassador to Israel , there was widespread international condemnation of the Israeli operation and the U.N. Security Council met Monday . Have ships been sent to Gaza during the blockade before ? Yes , the Free Gaza Movement on its website says it has organized eight voyages to Gaza , "  successfully arriving in Gaza five times . " The group said its "  boats are the first international ships to sail to the Gaza Strip since 1967 . "	Free Gaza Movement says it wants to raise awareness of the "  illegal siege on Gaza " Israeli spokesman says 15,000 tons of humanitarian aid flows into Gaza per week UN has describes the blockade of Gaza as "  collective punishment " Israel government spokesman says organizers wanted "  wanted violence "
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Coca cultivation and cocaine production have decreased in Colombia but increased in Bolivia and Peru , the United Nations reported . Workers help eradicate coca plantations in northwest Colombia in May . Colombian cultivation was down 18 percent , and production decreased 28 percent in 2008 , the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime said in a report issued Friday . But cultivation increased 6 percent in Bolivia and 4.5 percent in Peru , the report said . Likewise , production went up 9 percent in Bolivia and 4.1 percent in Peru . "  The increases for Bolivia and Peru show a trend in the wrong direction , " said Antonio Maria Costa , executive director of the U.N. drug office . Much of the decline in Colombia resulted from the manual eradication of 237 acres of coca , an increase of 44 percent over 2007 , and the spraying of another 328 acres with herbicide , the U.N. said . The production level is at a 10-year-low , the report said , and the cultivation amount is down to 2004 to 2006 levels . "  This is a remarkable achievement , " Costa said in a release . "  It means that more coca bush was eradicated in Colombia than was grown in all of Bolivia and Peru . " The value of coca leaf in Colombia is decreasing , making it less attractive for farmers -- 20,000 fewer households grew coca in 2008 than in 2007 , a decrease of 26 percent . The drug trade also is being disrupted , the report said . In Colombia , the U.N. said , authorities seized 200 tons of cocaine in 2008 , a 57 percent increase in seizures over 2007 , the report said . Peru reported an 86 percent increase in seizures of coca base and a 100 percent increase in the seizure of cocaine . Bolivia , likewise , reported a 45 percent uptick in seizures of coca base and a 145 percent increase in the seizure of cocaine . "  Cocaine supply is shrinking , as is demand in major markets of North America while cocaine use in Western Europe has stopped growing , " Costa said . "  This may explain why prices are up , and purity is down . This may also explain why cartels are becoming so violent . "	Coca cultivation , cocaine production decrease in Colombia , U.N. report says But both on rise in Peru and Bolivia , report finds U.N. official : "  Increases for Bolivia and Peru show a trend in the wrong direction " Production level is at a 10-year low , report says
CNN  -- The Supreme Court has the most powerful judges in the United States . But common citizens are often behind pivotal cases that those justices decide -- everyday Americans who , by taking their cases to court , made history . America was reminded of that this week , when the high court ruled in favor of Edith Windsor . She 's an 84-year-old New York woman who sued to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act so that the federal government would recognize her marriage to her late partner , Thea Spyer . On a much broader scale , the case was aimed to ensure that legally wed same-sex spouses could get the same benefits as traditional male-female ones . Windsor may be the latest , but she 's not the first American whose name is linked to Supreme Court rulings that have altered society . Below are a few such examples from the country 's more than two centuries in existence . WHO : William Marbury CASE : Marbury v. Madison  1803 HIS STORY : Just before he left office , President John Adams commissioned William Marbury -- among dozens of others -- to become a justice of the peace . But his secretary of state did n't follow through . And when James Madison took over that position , he did n't either -- but purposefully , per the direction of new President Thomas Jefferson , who did n't want members of the opposing political party to take office . So Marbury sued . Chief Justice John Marshall issued the landmark ruling in the case . In the short term , he decided Marbury would not become a justice of the peace in the District of Columbia , as he 'd wished . But the opinion proved far more significant , long term , because it established judicial review -- the idea the courts could strike down laws and the like it deemed unconstitutional . As Marshall wrote , "  A Law repugnant to the Constitution is void . " WHO : Dred Scott CASE : Dred Scott v. Sandford  1857 HIS STORY : Dred Scott was born a slave in Virginia . He and his family later were moved with their owners to Alabama and eventually Missouri , where he was sold to a U.S. Army doctor . Together , they moved around -- including in the free territory of Wisconsin -- before ending up back in Missouri . Scott was there when his owner died , after which he sued in St. Louis city court for his freedom -- saying that , for some time at least , he had been free . So was Scott his own man , or was he still the property of his late owner 's widow ? The Supreme Court ruled it was the latter , that as a slave he did n't have the rights as white Americans . That included the right to sue in federal court . Chief Justice Roger Taney wrote , "  We think they are ... not included , and were not intended to be included , under the word ` citizens ' in the Constitution , and can therefore claim none of the rights and privileges which that instrument provides for . " WHO : Homer Plessy CASE : Plessy v. Ferguson  1896 HIS STORY : In June 1892 , Homer Plessy sat down in the whites-only compartment of a train rolling through Louisiana . A conductor challenged him , and he was arrested for violating state law . He was  ...  white , not 100 % that he 'd need to avoid a $ 25 fine or 20 days in jail . As with others involved in some landmark cases , Plessy was not necessarily caught off guard : He 'd been among a group working with the Eastern Louisiana Railroad Company to protest the state law requiring rail companies to provide "  separate but equal " places for white and nonwhite customers , and for patrons to follow suit . The Supreme Court eventually got the case , which had to do not just with Plessy 's arrest but more generally state and local Jim Crow laws that had institutionalized segregation including in much of what had been the former Confederacy . Justice Henry Brown , in his majority ruling , upheld such laws in calling it a "  fallacy  to assume  enforced separation of the two races stamps the colored race with a badge of inferiority . " WHO : The Brown family CASE : Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka  1954 THEIR STORY : There was a school seven blocks from Linda Brown 's Topeka , Kansas , home , but she could n't go to it . But because the third-grader was black , and Sumner Elementary was all-white , she had to walk several blocks and catch a bus to attend Monroe Elementary . Her father Oliver and other parents petitioned for their children to attend Sumner , then sued to city 's board of education after they were denied . The Browns were the first name listed on that lawsuit . They would later become the name at the front of the Supreme Court 's milestone ruling , even as others fought the same fight : In December 1952 , the court had similar cases on its docket from Delaware , South Carolina , Virginia and the District of Columbia . Chief Justice Earl Warren 's decision effectively overturned the Plessy v. Ferguson that an earlier Supreme Court had passed decades before , which had helped make segregation possible . "  The doctrine of ` separate but equal ' has no place , " Warren wrote . "  Separate educational facilities are inherently unequal . " WHO : Ernesto Miranda CASE : Miranda v. Arizona  1966 HIS STORY : Ernesto Miranda was in his Phoenix home in 1963 when police came , arrested him and took him to a police station . There , a witness identified the truck driver as the culprit in a kidnapping and rape . So did Miranda himself , in writing -- a confession that was taken into account during his trial , which ended with a guilty verdict . Miranda challenged that conviction by insisting his confession was invalid . Why ? Because , he argued , he had made it without being advised by police of his right to remain silent and to have a lawyer working with him . The Supreme Court got Miranda 's case  among others involving suspects alleging they had n't been properly about self-incrimination prior to being interrogated  , and ruled in his favor . Thus was born what 's now known as a Miranda warning , in which suspects are told they do n't have to talk to police and have the right to an attorney , whether they can afford one or not . Miranda 's victory , though , was short-lived . He was retried , and once again convicted , in 1967 . After getting out after two stints in jail , he was stabbed to death in January 1976 in a fight over a $ 3 gambling pot . WHO : Mildred and Richard Loving CASE NAME : Loving v. Virginia  1967 THEIR STORY : In many ways , Mildred Jeter and Richard Loving were like any other couple . They 'd been childhood sweethearts who tied the knot in 1958 in Washington , D.C. , then went back to their home state of Virginia . But their wedded bliss was interrupted one night when police broke into their bedroom and arrested them . Their crime ? Mildred was black and Richard was white , at a time when interracial marriage was illegal in Virginia and other states . The Lovings got out of a pending jail sentence after agreeing to move to Washington . Yet they pressed their case that their marriage , and those of other mixed-race couples , should be valid in the United States . In a 1967 decision , Chief Justice Earl Warren agreed , thus opening the door for all interracial marriages . "  Marriage is one of the ` basic civil rights of man , ' fundamental to our very existence and survival , " he wrote , citing an earlier case . "  To deny this fundamental freedom on so unsupportable a basis as the racial classifications embodied in these statutes , classifications so directly subversive of the principle of equality at the heart of the Fourteenth Amendment , is surely to deprive all the State 's citizens of liberty without due process of law . " WHO : Norma Leah McCorvey , aka "  Jane Roe " CASE : Roe v. Wade  1973 HER STORY : McCorvey was 21 , unmarried and on her third pregnancy when she , in the court 's eyes , became Jane Roe . In a 1980 autobiography in which she revealed her identity , the young Texan described having a tough life up until then -- including having endured sexual , physical and emotional abuse , a failed marriage and problems with drugs and alcohol . She was still anonymous in 1973 when Associate Justice Harry Blackmum wrote the majority opinion that legalized a woman 's right to an abortion in all 50 states . His reasoning was this falls under a woman 's constitutionally granted right of privacy . Ironically , McCorvey did n't have an abortion . And she later switched sides in the heated debate and became a passionate anti-abortion activist . WHO : Edith Windsor CASE : United States v. Windsor  2013 HER STORY : Edith Windsor met her soulmate , Thea Spyer , in New York 's Greenwich Village . They reunited two years later , and soon thereafter Spyer proposed marriage with a round diamond pin . But actually following through seemed out of the question , given that lesbian couples could not legally marry then in the United States . The couple were together 42 years , marrying in 2007 in Toronto . Two years later , Windsor mourned Spyer 's death and realized she faced a hefty bill for inheritance taxes because Spyer was , in legal terms , little more than a friend . She sued , arguing that the Defense of Marriage Act that prevented the federal government from recognizing her marriage as valid was unconstitutional . On Wednesday , she won . It meant she 's now owed back those inheritance taxes but , more significantly , that gay and lesbians around the country can now get "  the same federal benefits , protections and dignity as everyone else . " "  If I had to survive Thea , what a glorious way to do it , " she told reporters . "  And she would be so pleased . " Sources : National Archives and Records Administration ; Street Law , Inc. in a project funded by the Supreme Court Historical Society ; National Park Service ; Missouri State Archives ; Library of Congress ; U.S. Department of State ; Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts ; Arizona State Archives ; American Civil Liberties Union	Edith Windsor is attached to a Supreme Court ruling on same-sex marriage She 's one of many U.S. citizens associated with groundbreaking rulings They include men like William Marbury and women like "  Jane Roe "
CNN  -- Amid the current tension along the Turkish-Syrian border , Turkey has seemingly surrendered its initial reluctance to take a more proactive stance against the Islamic State  ISIS  . More than 150,000 mostly Kurdish refugees have crossed the border into Turkey in recent days , fleeing the Mujahedeen 's advance on the Syrian border town of Kobane . As ISIS mortar and artillery shells have repeatedly hit Turkish soil , the government in Ankara seems to have realized that it can not divorce itself from the negative spill-over effects of the international coalition 's war against the self-proclaimed caliphate . The release of Turkish diplomats who had been held hostage by ISIS in Mosul for three months leaves Turkey free to reevaluate its strategy towards the jihadist terror regime to the south . Turkish infantry and tanks have taken up position along the border with Syria waiting for a go-ahead from Ankara where Parliament voted on Thursday to provide the Turkish government with a mandate to militarily engage ISIS -- if necessary with boots on the ground . The question now is whether Turkish armed forces can be the strategic game-changer in the international coalition 's war against ISIS . Ever since his return from the United Nations General Assembly in New York last week , Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been campaigning for the establishment of a safe haven in Northern Syria and Iraq . It would both provide a place of refuge for Kurds now stranded in Turkey as well as create a buffer zone to keep hostilities at bay . Turkey 's potentially costly intervention would hardly be altruistic then . It would not seek to drive ISIS out of its Syrian and Iraqi heartland . Rather , military intervention would create a safe haven similar to the one created in Northern Iraq after the Gulf War -- this time around hopefully patrolled and secured not just by air power but by actual soldiers . It would relieve pressure from Turkey 's border regions allowing Kurdish refugees and armed volunteers to return to their homes further south . At the same time , it would enable Turkey to galvanize her control over Kurdish heartlands , which given the local state of anarchy , have become fertile grounds for the growth of Kurdish insurgency . Unlike the Arab contributions to the U.S.-led coalition , Turkey 's contribution will add more than just legitimacy . A joint military operation with capable air and land components would be able to expel the Mujahedeen from their current positions not just seizing but most importantly holding territory . Due to their NATO training , Turkish boots on ground would be able to provide the much-needed integrated forward air controlling capability to partners in the air . It would facilitate reconnaissance and target acquisition increasing the effectiveness of air strikes while minimizing their collateral damage . Further , Turkish bases geographically nearer the coalition 's area of operation would increase the flight time for coalition aircrafts currently based in the Gulf . Aircrafts could remain in the air for longer and react to changing realities on the ground much quicker . Yet , both strategically and operationally , a mere military commitment by Turkey to Syria and Iraq , will not be the panacea for the underlying socio-political maladies that made the rise of ISIS possible . From a strategic point of view , there is no sole military solution to jihadist fundamentalism in the region without a comprehensive regional effort to target the socio-political root causes that have fueled insurgency in Iraq since 2003 and in Syria since 2011 . From a military operational point of view , the establishment of safe havens even when enforced by Turkish ground troops , would always be an operation with limited scope . It is highly unlikely that Turkish forces would advance deep into the jihadists ' heartland around Raqqa or Mosul , leaving ISIS with enough space to maneuver . And as a hybrid fighting force , ISIS has proven to be highly adaptive and flexible in its operational approaches . Since U.S. air strikes commenced more than six weeks ago , its Mujahedeen have relied more heavily on dynamic non-linear advances by infantry often in the cover of civilian environments . A conventional military approach with limited scope as envisaged by the Turkish military will find it hard to defeat ISIS on its own turf -- even with boots on the ground . While Turkish boots on the ground can bring about a short to mid-term relief in Kurdistan , they will not be the strategic game-changer in Syria and Iraq , single-handedly solving a socio-political problem by military means . Turkish boots on the ground are no alternative then to proxies with local social bases who would be jointly trained , equipped and empowered by Arab and Western partners -- proxies who could not only effectively undermine ISIS ' centers of gravity but also herald the socio-political changes necessary for building sustainable security and stability in the region .	Turkey 's Parliament voted on Thursday to authorize military action against ISIS Release of hostages by ISIS leaves Turkey free to reevaluate strategy , says Andreas Krieg Krieg : Intervention would create safe haven like one created in Northern Iraq after Gulf War Unlikely Turkish forces would advance into jihadists ' heartland of Raqqa or Mosul , he adds
CNN  -- It 's being presented as the future of cinema and a movie-going revolution . Specs appeal : 3D is on its way to being free of 3D glasses as the format is rapidly advancing . While literally adding a new dimension to cinema-goers ' experience , 3D is also being touted as a means to help filmmakers reach new creative heights , make millions of dollars for Hollywood studios and curb the scourge of the industry -- piracy . Dreamworks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg has likened the new 3D to the first sound and color in movies . Director James Cameron 's $ 200 million-plus sci-fi epic "  Avatar " is an expected genre-killer . The prestigious Cannes Film Festival this year opened with a 3D screening of Pixar 's "  Up " . But even as Hollywood studios and producers embrace digital 3D , they admit they are still learning how to use it . "  We 've really gone past the point of seeing the technology as a barrier , " Phil ` Captain 3D ' McNally told CNN . McNally heads Dreamworks ' drive to produce all its animated features in 3D after this year 's blockbuster "  Monsters vs. Aliens . " "  The challenge now is 100 years of experience in how to make movies in 2D , " said McNally , speaking of a movie industry that has spent its existence flattening the 3D of real life for the silver screen . "  As filmmakers , we have very little experience in thinking spatially , unlike a sculptor , " he said . "  There 's going to be great filmmakers that are going to deliver experiences like you 've never seen before , " said Jason Clark , a motion picture producer who helped launch Dreamworks ' 3D foray and worked on "  Monster House " and "  Stuart Little , " the first time a photorealistic character was spliced into a live action movie . But "  the storytelling is always king , " Clark told CNN . "  You can use these techniques to create a unique experience that makes that story impact on a more personal level with the audience . But it should never take away from the experience or lead the storytelling . " Creative boom or creative killer ? Filmmakers are greeting 3D with cautious excitement . "  2D is completely a mistake , " said Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu , the Academy Award-nominated director of Babel , at a recent press conference in Seoul , South Korea . "  It 's like when they criticized me because I use handheld , they said ` you 're very gimmicky ' , " the director said of his preferred camera style . "  The way I experience life is handheld . 3D is the way we experience life . " But , Inarritu noted , there was a risk that the technology could distract from the story 's emotional catharsis , something that other creatives have also voiced concerns about . " -LSB- 3D -RSB- does n't guarantee a success or a good movie or a good movie experience , " said Syd Field , widely appreciated as a screenwriting guru . He noted that the talking pictures had their growing pains in the 1920 's ; Hollywood imported playwrights to craft dialogue but filmmakers paid more attention to cameras and sound recorders . "  As we learned to use the technology , then it began to become an art form , " Field told CNN . "  3D right now is at its infant stages . " The rise of digital cinema has given 3D its legs . Gone are the days of struggling to synch two separate projectors to create a 3D effect that would sometimes come with nausea or headaches . The iconic kitsch of the red and blue-lense cardboard glasses has been replaced by sleeker polarized aviator models . The future is 3D without glasses , delivered through autostereoscopic displays . Digital projection is "  rock steady " and could define how different generations take on 3D , said Clark . "  The way you interpret 3D images is that your brain looks at each separate image , the left and right image , and it stitches them together , " Clark said , likening it to adults using muscles they do n't normally use . "  But kids , it 's all new to them , and they have n't had the painful experience of watching misaligned 3D in the 1970 's , the 1980 's , and the 1990 's . So I think the experience for them is a lot easier to interpret . " It 's no coincidence that animation is leading 3D releases , along with horror , Clark said , as the children who watched 2004 's "  Polar Express " are growing up . "  Now you 're going to have to deliver them different kinds of content . So your audience is growing . " Eyes on the prize For theatre owners , studios and distributors , 3D appears a healthy cash cow , with higher-priced tickets helping titles gross up to three times as much as their 2D counterparts . The United States will have around 3,000 3D screens by the end of this year when "  Avatar " is scheduled for release , according to the National Association of Theatre Owners  NATO  . About 90 to 100 screens are being added every month , though theatre operators are pausing in a tight credit market . "  Movie theatre owners are highly conscious of the expense involved in installing a 3D system , " said Patrick Corcoran , Director of Media & Research at NATO , noting that out of approximately 600 theatrical releases this year , only 12 to 15 will be offered in 3D . "  No one knows right now how big the market will be , " Corcoran told CNN . The studios are looking for scale . About "  5,000 screens in 2,000 to 3,000 locations " is the tipping point that would allow an exclusively 3-D release , said McNally . "  That point should be reached within one or two years . " Filling those theatres will be people who do n't want to watch bootleg versions , Hollywood hopes , as 3D comes with a promise that it 's hard to pirate . "  If you are really determined , you can make a copy of anything , " said McNally , suggesting that 3-D movies could be recorded through the same kind of lenses used in 3-D glasses , but pirates would have to be "  pretty serious " to pull it off . The real deterrent appears to be the widening gap between home and theatre . Leaked DVD quality movies are being downloaded on better broadband Internet and played on surround-sound home entertainment systems . 3D promises to deliver a unique experience in theatres that could allow Hollywood to take something back . Studios and theatre owners insist there 's no real comparison . "  Comedies are funnier when everybody 's laughing . Movies are scarier when everybody 's frightened . And that 's something that ca n't be replicated in the home , " Corcoran said . "  It comes down to the kind of enjoyment you want from your movie experience , " McNally said , likening the choice to visiting the Grand Canyon or seeing a photograph , that "  does n't capture the sense of the place , the space , how you felt when you were there . "	Digital tech impetus behind 3D films ; studios still working out how best to use Format could lead to new creative boom in Hollywood , say analysts Movie industry suggests 3D films are much harder to pirate Advocates estimate tipping point of 5,000 3D theatres in U.S. in two years
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Blake Mycoskie founded TOMS Shoes in 2006 . The socially responsible company aims to provide impoverished children with shoes in a sustainable way . Blake Mycoskie says he pursued his vision for TOMS Shoes with "  reckless ambition . " The California-based entrepreneur shares some of the lessons he learned along the way . Follow these tips and you too could launch the next big thing . Follow your passion Despite having no background in fashion , Mycoskie relentlessly pursued his vision for TOMS . "  I had absolutely no experience in shoes or fashion so I approached the business how I have done everything in my life , and that 's with reckless ambition , " he says . He set out to learn how to make shoes and often spent weekends peddling the shoes to L.A. 's trendy spots in the early days of the company -- an effort that paid off . Establish smart partnerships Partnerships are critical to spreading the TOMS model and creating a global brand that 's known for giving , according to Mycoskie . He wants other firms to realize they can establish a "  one-for-one " giving model through partnerships "  instead of reinventing the wheel themselves . " His goal is to expand the TOMS model and work with "  other great companies out there that are already doing great products . " Be flexible in your thinking Mycoskie wanted to provide children in need with shoes , but was concerned a charity would not be sustainable . He could raise money from his friends and family , but worried about what would happen if his donors decided to contribute to another cause one year . But he found a solution by blending philanthropy with business . He says : "  I thought to myself , ` Okay , how can I guarantee these kids that they 'll have shoes over and over again ? " ' "  The only way I could guarantee that was to start a business . " Know when to move on One of his early ventures was a 24/7 reality TV channel , which he started up after appearing on "  The Amazing Race . " But two years after launching , the company faced stiff competition from media titan Rupert Murdoch . "  That really taught me a valuable lesson in business : Even if you have a great idea , the market is there and the market is right , " Mycoskie says . He ended up shutting down the network , Reality Central , after realizing he could n't compete with such a large player . "  You really have to look at who your competitors are . You ca n't compete with the biggest guy . The biggest guy has the ability to shut you down -- it 's a really risky proposition . " Experience pays off Mycoskie had already started four other businesses by the time he got the idea for TOMS . He says the experience of running those companies helped prepare him for the rapid growth of TOMS . "  I think all my entrepreneurial experience and background kind of was trained for this one moment when this gigantic idea would explode . "	Blake Mycoskie had launched four other start-ups before creating TOMS He ran the shoe company out of his apartment in the early days The business has since scaled tremendously and gives away shoes worldwide
CNN  -- Don Shows was a computer geek until he lost his job and took a road trip . JetBlue promises to refund some tickets purchased before a traveler is laid off from a job . While the 56-year-old from Dayton , Ohio , was away on his eight-day post-layoff adventure , he decided he really wanted to be a photojournalist . "  I ran into some interesting situations when I was out touring around the backcountry " of the Midwest , he said . "  The road map is handy , but sometimes the road you 're looking for is not there . " Stories like Shows ' are more common these days . The unemployment rate was at 7.6 percent in January , and , strange as it may seem , at least one travel company , an airline and a travel-bag maker are now catering to the layoff crowd -- both the recently let go and the future unemployed . For those who buy a plane ticket before they get the ax , JetBlue is offering to refund fares . The JetBlue Promise promotion is good for customers laid off on or after February 17 and applies to ticket purchases made between February 1 and June 1 . The program is designed to appeal to people who have n't been downsized but worry they might be , said Alison Croyle , a spokeswoman for the airline . "  It 's something that we felt would provide an advantage to customers who otherwise might be too stressed to book future travel plans , " she said . Then there 's the already-laid-off demographic . On some packages , Intrepid Travel is giving a 15 percent discount to people who 've recently been let go . The deal , with the tongue-in-cheek title , "  Laid off ? How about taking off ? " has gotten a few dozen takers in the two months it 's been offered , said Leslie Cohen , spokeswoman for the travel company . Cohen said the discount is designed to give people a chance to clear their heads during a tough transition . Some of the deals start at less than $ 1,000 , she said . The company is "  not suggesting you use your life savings , " she said . "  It 's really just a chance to catch your breath and see something else and come back in a little bit of a different frame of mind . " For those looking to hit the skies on the job hunt rather than escape it , SkyRoll , maker of a $ 149.99 garment bag , says it 's giving a discount . "  If you recently lost your job and need to travel for an interview , we will take 50 percent off the price of a SkyRoll to help you arrive looking your best , " the company says on its Web site . To get the discount , SkyRoll requires customers to e-mail the company a layoff notice . Travel discounts like the one from Intrepid may be great for unemployed people who have hefty savings accounts or large severance packages , but the program also could prey on the unemployed , said Madeline Hughes , who runs a consulting and outplacement group in Denver , Colorado . The cost of a big trip "  could be lunch money for somebody for the next six months , " she said . Hughes tells her clients who are laid off they need to come up with a career plan -- and quickly -- because the job market is so competitive . If a person truly has a thick enough checkbook to afford a post-layoff vacation , Hughes said she would tell the person to send out plenty of resumes before hitting the beach . "  If you really do want to get away , then at least get somewhat of a plan so when you 're on vacation you 're not fretting about what you 're going to do when you get back , " she said . "  People ca n't relax if they 're afraid and they do n't have a plan and they 're sort of panicked . " Daphne Domingo , a life coach in Seattle , Washington , said people who 've been laid off should take vacations so they have time to reassess their lives -- but they should gauge the scope of their travel on their savings account . "  Be a tourist in your own town " if you do n't have the money to travel , she said . "  That way , you can save money on accommodations . " Domingo and Hughes said all job seekers should weigh their situations individually . Jonathan Hagelstein , a 32-year-old from New York , plans to use Intrepid 's package to travel to Africa and Europe for nearly a month . This is the second major trip he 's taken since being laid off from a finance job in June . But Hagelstein says he 's a "  compulsive saver " and wants to make use of the free time while he has it . "  Time is something that you can never get back . You can always earn more money , " he said . "  I 'm not getting any younger . ... This is an opportunity -- I feel -- of a lifetime . " With each trip , he hopes the job market will be better when he returns . He said he has no leads on a job . Shows -- the man from Ohio , who first shared his story on iReport.com , CNN 's user-submitted content site -- took off on a road trip as a way to reanalyze his life . See Shows ' story on iReport.com He said he had n't taken a substantial trip during the decade or so he worked in information technologies at LexisNexis , a database and information company . So he saw the layoff partly as a gift of free time . Shows said he has a stable enough income since he is also a retired police officer . But he said his car trip was relatively cheap . The adventure took him to six states and cost less than $ 1,000 , he said . Plus , it helped him reconnect with his passion . "  If I could do anything I wanted to do in life , it would be to take the camera out and go out to talk to people and get stories , " he said . Shows said he plans to take photojournalism classes at a local community college this spring .	Travel companies and an airline are catering to the layoff crowd JetBlue will refund some tickets if you get laid off after you purchase them Intrepid travel offers a 15 percent discount for people recently laid off Consultant : Trip costs "  could be lunch money " for the unemployed
CNN  -- A possible constitutional crisis loomed in Malawi following the reported death of President Bingu wa Mutharika , once hailed as a positive steward for the southern African country . Mutharika , 78 , died of a heart attack on Thursday and his body was flown to South Africa , according to government sources . However , there was no formal government statement announcing his death , and the chaotic politics of the impoverished nation raised questions about what happens next . Under the constitution , Vice President Joyce Banda would succeed Mutharika . However , Banda was expelled from the ruling Democratic People 's Party in 2010 in a dispute with Mutharika over the president 's efforts to position his brother rather than the vice president as his eventual successor . Banda formed her own party , but remained vice president . A government spokeswoman declined to discuss reports of the president 's death but declared that the vice president can not take over the presidency . "  The conduct of the honorable Joyce Banda in forming her own opposition party precludes her from being eligible to succeed the presidency , " said Patricia Kaliati , who serves as information and civic education minister . In a news conference earlier Friday , Banda told reporters she was kept "  in the dark " regarding the president 's condition . However , the Malawi defence forces , which provides security for the sitting president , shifted security members to Banda 's residence amid news of the death . While declining to comment on the president 's condition , Kaliati appealed to Malawi residents to remain calm and only listen to information coming from official government sources . The United States and Britain have urged Malawi to observe the succession process in the constitution . "  We are concerned about the delay in the transfer of power . We trust that the vice president who is next in line will be sworn in shortly , " said Johnnie Carson , the U.S. assistant secretary of state for African affairs . During her news conference , Banda , along with former President Bakili Muluzi , called on Malawians to adhere to the constitution regarding the issue of succession . Mutharika , a former World Bank economist who studied in the United States and other countries , was elected president in 2004 after campaigning as an "  economic engineer . " He won re-election five years later for a term scheduled to end in 2014 . His initial years in office were considered a success as he focused on battling corruption and working to improve the economy . He implemented a subsidy program for agricultural products that was credited with boosting the economy of the largely agrarian nation . Malawians welcomed his focus on reducing reliance on food aid and attaining self-sufficiency . However , his popularity plunged in recent years as the economy faltered and the nation faced chronic fuel shortages and frequent power blackouts . Anti-government groups accused Mutharika of dragging Malawi back into a dictatorship , citing the passage of bills they say infringe on citizen rights . Protesters took to the streets last year demanding immediate government action to address the economic plight . Security forces cracked down , leading to more than a dozen deaths and sparking international condemnation . Critics also accused Mutharika of jeopardizing international relations and risking foreign aid that benefits the nation 's poor . Last year , Mutharika expelled a British envoy who was quoted criticizing him in a leaked diplomatic cable , straining relations with one of Malawi 's largest foreign donors . In return , Britain asked Malawi 's top envoy to leave the country and rescinded her invitation to the royal wedding . At the time , London said it was halting "  all general budget support " to the nation . Last month , the United States announced it was suspending $ 350 million allocated to Malawi because of concerns about its democratic governance . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse and journalist Gregory Gondwe contributed to this report .	NEW : Government official declares vice president ineligible for presidency Bingu wa Mutharika , 78 , took office in 2004 and was re-elected five years later Citizens welcomed his programs to help farmers in the largely agricultural nation His popularity took a hit in recent years amid a faltering economy and diplomatic spats
