CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council has condemned the killing of a French journalist who was reporting from the violence-racked Central African Republic . French troops found the body of Camille Lepage during the search of a vigilante group 's vehicle in a western region of the country , French authorities said Tuesday . "  All necessary means will be employed to shed light on the circumstances of this assassination and to find our compatriot 's murderers , " the office of French President Francois Hollande said . The U.N. Security Council said that "  those responsible for the killing shall be held accountable . " Widespread unrest Sectarian violence has killed thousands of people and displaced many more in the Central African Republic since a coalition of mostly Muslim rebels deposed President Francois Bozize in March 2013 . The rebels have since been forced from power , but Christian and Muslim militias have continued to clash despite the presence of French and African peacekeepers in the country . Vigilante groups known as the anti-balaka , which translates to anti-machete , were formed to counter attacks on Christian communities by Seleka groups . But the anti-balaka have carried out deadly reprisals on Muslim communities . Humanitarian groups have warned that the country risks descending into genocide . Lepage 's body was found in an anti-balaka vehicle in the region of the western town of Bouar . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius described Lepage as a "  journalist and photographer of great courage . " U.S. sanctions News of her killing came on the same day that the White House announced that President Barack Obama had issued an executive order declaring an emergency in the Central African Republic and authorizing the use of sanctions to deal with the crisis . The order also imposed sanctions on five individuals involved in the unrest . The U.N. Security Council had in January unanimously voted to set up a sanctions regime against the people responsible for instability and atrocities in the country , putting three people on a sanctions committee list . More than 2.5 million of the country 's roughly 5 million inhabitants are in need of humanitarian assistance and approximately one million people have been displaced , according to the White House . "  Growing attacks perpetrated by both Muslim and Christian militias have brought CAR to a crisis of disastrous proportions , " it said in a statement . Mother shot on the road to safety , victim of CAR violence Will the people of CAR ever get to return home ? CNN 's Anna Maja Rappard and Laura Bernadini contributed to this report .	French troops found Camille Lepage 's body in a vigilante group 's vehicle France vows to use "  all necessary means " to find her killers Sectarian violence has killed thousands of people in CAR since last year The U.S. announces sanctions against some of those involved in the crisis
CNN  Whew , that was close . Officials in Hawaii breathed a sigh of relief as one tropical system passed over the Big Island , causing limited damage , and a second system set its sights away from the island chain . "  We dodged a bullet , " said Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell . Just two days ago , the situation looked bleak . Two hurricanes were on the way -- Iselle and Julio . Hawaii had n't taken a direct hit from a hurricane since the 1990s . This had people 's attention . But Hurricane Iselle weakened to a tropical storm in the hours before Friday 's landfall . Hurricane Julio , a Category 2 storm with 100 mph winds at the latest update , is expected to weaken and push north of Hawaii over the weekend , forecasters said . "  Julio is expected to pass about 200 miles northeast of the Big Island on Sunday , " the Central Pacific Hurricane Center said . Track Julio By Friday night , all but one storm-related watch or warning had been canceled . A flash flood watch remained in place for the state through 6 a.m.  noon ET  Saturday . The heavy rains were the biggest threat from Iselle . Rainfall amounts of 4 to 8 inches were common , with some areas receiving more than a foot . Soggy election The state 's primary election was expected to take place Saturday despite the lingering effects of the storm . Gov. Neil Abercrombie , who has taken advantage of the storm to show leadership and appear on television , is in a tough race against State Sen. David Ige in the Democratic primary . U.S. Sen. Brian Schatz faces a challenge from U.S. Rep. Colleen Hanabusa . Schatz was appointed to the seat after the death of longtime Sen. Daniel Inouye . A rare event Tropical cyclones are rare visitors on Hawaii . Since the 1950s , only two hurricane eyes have hit the state -- and both approached from the south , where water temperature generally is warm enough to sustain the storms ' strength . That 's not to say Hawaii has n't had close calls . The central Pacific sees an average of about five tropical cyclones a year , and some have brushed the state in recent decades . The cyclones generally approach from the east after forming in the eastern Pacific . But close to Hawaii , dry air , cooler water and wind shear combine to weaken approaching cyclones , dissipating them before they can become a significant threat , CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said . Hawaii 's most damaging hurricane in recent decades -- Hurricane Iniki of 1992 -- came during an El Nino year , or a year of above-average sea surface temperatures . This year has n't met the criteria for El Nino , but it could in the weeks ahead , Petersons said . Iniki killed at least four people and caused about $ 2 billion in damage when it hit the western Hawaiian island of Kauai , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	All tropical storm warnings and watches have been canceled Iselle delivered 11 inches of rain on the Big Island Hurricanes and other tropical cyclones rarely make landfall in Hawaii Julio is forecast to brush north of the Hawaiian islands
It 's 3:15 a.m. Under the bright lights of the waterfront Haedomari warehouse in Shimonoseki , Japan , tails twitch and bodies writhe in defiance of the onset of death . The floor is awash with seawater as Yoshi Yanagawa moves down a line of 20 boxes , each containing about 15 puffer fish of varying values , lengths and states of coveted plumpness . "  Eeka ! Eeka ! " he chants , as 20 or so interested parties put their hands up to bid . The puffer fish , or "  fugu " in Japanese , gulp in more air , ballooning out their white belly sacs . Shimonoseki is Japan 's fugu capital . Its Haedomari market is said to be the only one in the country that specializes in the infamous Japanese delicacy , famed both for its high price tag and lethal insides . Throughout the fishing season from early September to April 29 , the market is open six mornings a week in the ancient port , 1,126 kilometers west of Tokyo in Honshu 's most southwesterly part of Yamaguchi prefecture . For 15 years , 55-year-old Yanagawa has been the chief auctioneer  "  seri " or "  sekagi "  here . "  My job is unusual , " says Yanagawa . "  Grown men squeeze my hand and fingers . They touch me every morning ! It 's the traditional way of fugu bidding . "  I hold my slipover sleeve or ` fukuro zeri ' out to them and they put their hands inside and tell me how much they want to pay . It 's all done by finger pressure . " Ancient Egyptian bowling fish ? When the auction is over , the sold fugu is packed into polystyrene boxes and taken away to the city 's 10 processing factories . All are specially licensed to prepare and detoxify the fish in accordance with Japanese law . It 's an important step , given fugu is hundreds of times more poisonous than cyanide , containing enough toxin in its liver alone to kill five men . Western Australia 's Department of Fisheries says puffer fish are the second most poisonous vertebrate in the world after the golden poison frog . The ovaries , roe and kidneys are just as deadly as the liver -- all of which are incinerated after processing . One milligram of the fugu 's tetrodotoxin is enough to bring on an agonizing death within an hour of being consumed . Yet "  takifugu rubripes "  the official species name  is still the epitome of gourmet dining in Japan . Tokyo restaurant-goers are prepared to pay 22,000 yen  $ 210  for a near-death experience at high-end restaurants like three Michelin-starred Usukifugu Yamadaya , or the more moderately priced Torafugu Tei . In recent years , fish breeders have reportedly developed a non-toxic variety by restricting the fugu 's diet , though the poison-filled version is as popular as ever . The threat of death is perhaps part of its allure . "  Paintings of fugu have been found in the tombs of ancient Egypt , " says Toshiharu Hata , who runs one of the largest fugu wholesale businesses in Shimonoseki . "  The Egyptians used the fish to play a primitive version of bowling . " Hata 's fugu history lesson does n't end there . "  Captain Cook bought a fugu from the natives of New Caledonia and it killed a pig on board ` The Resolution , ' " he adds . "  The most famous human fatality happened in 1975 when Mitsugoro Bando VIII , a Kabuki actor , died after eating four portions ! " "  Every dish is a work of science " Hata , whose father founded his family 's fish company 40 years ago , explains that fugu is traditionally served in transparent paper-thin strips on painted porcelain plates . "  Master chefs cut them into the shapes of chrysanthemum petals , Mount Fuji or into animals like peacocks , turtles and butterflies , " he says . "  Every plate is a work of art . Every dish is a work of science . " We walk around the factory floor , watching his staff wash and process the precious fish . "  The best is tiger fugu , " says Hata . "  It sells at 40,000 yen a kilogram ; one kilogram will feed 30 people . We ship them to New York . It was n't until 1988 that we were allowed to export to the United States . "  But Shimonoseki is the best place to eat it as you get more when you order in a restaurant . Maybe 20 pieces compared to eight in Osaka and Tokyo . Tokuyama City is good too . " We stop in front of a man wearing a white coat and a hairnet , expertly filleting a fish with his "  hochi " knife . He bows . "  He 's in charge of our fish testicle and genitalia department , " says Hata , reverently . A day in Shimonoseki It 's 6:30 a.m. as we drive into Shimonoseki 's city center to hit up the Karato-Ichiba fish market  5-50 Karato-machi  . Stalls are already set up , selling crabs , squid , sea urchins , clams and numerous types of multi-colored seaweed . Hata leads us to a little curtained-off booth in a corner of the market , one of many eating options here . "  The Tanabe Shokudu restaurant here is the best in town , " he says , kissing his fingers and ordering two hot sakes . On the breakfast menu : raw slices of fresh tuna sashimi and fugu served with black ponzu sauce , followed by deep-fried tempura fugu , and a fugu "  chirinabe " casserole with the local "  uiro " rice cakes . There 's also a fugu broth with sliced scallions , tofu and grated daikon radishes . All delicious , though slightly unnerving . Deadly dining aside , there 's more to Shimonoseki and its surrounds than seafood markets . A 13-kilometer ride away from the city center lies the Chofu castle town of Jokamachi , home to Samurai Street , with its yellow walled houses and 14th-century lean-tos . Amid the shrine grounds , Hata explains the tenets of Japan 's Bushido warrior class . "  The Meiji Revolution of 1867 began here , " says Hata . "  This is the heart of the anti-shogunate movement . Here , Takasugi Shinsaku raised his army . "  Shimonoseki is the birthplace of modern Japan . Our country opened up to the West from here after a foreign flotilla bombarded the town and the disillusioned samurai persuaded the shogunate to accept foreigners . " Other attractions in and around the city worth checking out include : The Shimonoseki Marine Science Museum ; Kozanji Temple , a designated National Treasure of Japan ; Akama Shrine ; the 1,780-meter-long Tsunoshima Bridge , which connects the island of Tsunoshima  part of Shimonoseki city  with Honshu ; and Ganryujima , a tiny island famed for being the site of an epic duel between sword legends Miyamoto Musashi and Sasaki Kojirō . For more on Shimonoseki , visit the official tourism website . Getting there By air : domestic airlines operate 90-minute flights from Tokyo 's Haneda Airport to Yamaguchi Ube Airport . From there , it 's a one-hour bus ride to Shimonoseki Station . By rail : Shimonoseki is a 5 hour , 30 minute train ride from Tokyo via Shin-Yamaguchi on the JR Tokaido-Sanyo Shinkansen Line . From Osaka , it 's two-hour , 40-minute ride on the Shinkansen line .	Shimonoseki , Japan 's puffer fish capital , is home to a market specializing in the deadly sea creature Trained specialists need to remove the liver , ovaries , roe and kidneys before the fugu can be served Japanese fish breeders have developed a nontoxic version , though wild fugu remains popular
Washington  CNN  -- Attention , campers . National parks are becoming "  no drone " zones . The National Park Service announced Friday it is prohibiting drones -- properly called unmanned aircraft -- from all NPS-controlled lands and waters . That includes 84 million acres in every state and territory , including monuments , battlefields , historic sites , seashores , rivers and trails . It all comes down to noise and safety , said Director Jonathan Jarvis in a statement announcing the policy . "  We have serious concerns about the negative impact that flying unmanned aircraft is having in parks , so we are prohibiting their use until we can determine the most appropriate policy , " Jarvis said . The Federal Aviation Administration already has greatly curtailed the outdoor use of drones for commercial purposes , pending rules that it is developing . But hobbyists have been relatively free to operate drones in public areas , provided they stay below 400 feet and are flown away from populated areas and full-scale aircraft . College lends drones to students A lawyer who represents drone enthusiasts called the NPS ' temporary ban "  overly broad " and said he expects it will be greatly narrowed when it goes through the federal rule-making process . "  It 's very broad in that it sweeps in every national park-controlled location , including things like beaches and forests where there really are n't the same sensitivities to noise , and where model airplanes have been allowed for decades , " said Brendan Schulman . The NPS said individual parks have been enacting drone bans for a number of reasons . Last September , an unmanned aircraft flew above visitors seated in the Mount Rushmore National Memorial amphitheater . Park rangers confiscated the drone because of concern for visitor safety , the NPS said . In April , a loud drone interrupted visitors enjoying a quiet Grand Canyon sunset . And volunteers at Zion National Park in Utah witnessed a drone disturb a herd of bighorn sheep . All previously issued permits for drones will be suspended until reviewed by a senior NPS official , who also must approve any new special use permits . Superintendents who have previously authorized the use of model aircraft for hobbyist or recreational use may allow such use to continue , the statement said . Schulman said Friday 's action by the NPS also calls into question the validity of that fine , saying that the agency has stated it needs the new regulation because earlier regulations do not cover unmanned aircraft . In a separate case , Raphael Pirker earlier this year successfully challenged an FAA prohibition on commercial use of drones after the FAA fined him $ 10,000 for using a small drone to take promotional videos of the Virginia Medical Center . The FAA has appealed that decision . Florida university library to lend drones to students	NPS announces temporary ban on use of drones It cites safety and noise concerns at national parks An attorney for hobbyists says new policy is too broad
CNN Student News  -- September 24 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • New York , New York • Vietnam • Moscow , Russia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi , I 'm Carl Azuz . If there 's one thing I 'm sure of , it 's that Fridays are awesome ! And this Friday edition of CNN Student News is about ready to take flight . First Up : U.N. General Assembly U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Peace must be made by Israelis and Palestinians , but each of us has a responsibility to do our part as well . Those of us who are friends of Israel must understand that true security for the Jewish state requires an independent Palestine , one that allows the Palestinian people to live with dignity and opportunity . And those of us who are friends of the Palestinians must understand that the rights of the Palestinian people will be won only through peaceful means , including genuine reconciliation with a secure Israel . AZUZ : There were a lot of subjects that President Obama talked about yesterday at the United Nations General Assembly . He discussed the economy , the environment , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . But the main focus of his speech was what you just heard him discuss : efforts to create a peace deal between Israelis and Palestinians . There 's been tension between those groups for decades . President Obama says it 's time for them to come together . One quick note on that speech : The Israeli representatives were n't there while President Obama was talking . That 's because it was a Jewish holiday . Pledge to America AZUZ : Well , Republicans in Congress are making a pledge to America . They announced it yesterday . It 's essentially a promise to try to change some government policies . House Minority Leader John Boehner explained why they came up with it . REP. JOHN BOEHNER ,  R  MINORITY LEADER : Our government is out of control in Washington , and we need to reign it in and begin a new drive for a smaller , less costly and more accountable government in our nation 's capital . These are the things that the American people are demanding , and our pledge to America is that the Republicans stand ready to get it done . AZUZ : Democratic leaders say the pledge will take Americans back to old policies that they claim did n't work in the first place . The pledge includes things like cutting taxes and some government spending . It also takes aim at the new health care reform law . Jim Acosta has more on that . BEGIN VIDEO CHRISTINE O'DONNELL ,  R  DELAWARE SENATE CANDIDATE : I would fight to repeal the bill . JIM ACOSTA , CNN CORRESPONDENT : It 's a GOP battle cry for the midterm elections . SEN. JOHN MCCAIN ,  R  ARIZONA : The American people will be heard , and we 'll repeal and replace . SHARRON ANGLE ,  R  NEVADA SENATE CANDIDATE : I have pledged as my first act of legislation to put in a repeal ObamaCare law . ACOSTA : If Republicans win a majority of seats in Congress , one of the first things they promise to do is repeal President Obama 's signature achievement : health care reform . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : What 's your response to that ? ACOSTA : Under a new GOP-controlled House , Texas Congressman Joe Barton would likely become chairman of a key House committee overseeing health care . He says hearings would begin as soon as January to dismantle the law . REP. JOE BARTON ,  R  TEXAS : If we 're given the opportunity to be in the majority , we are going to try to repeal it and then replace it ... ACOSTA : Right away . BARTON : ... with something that makes sense . Well , the sooner the better . ACOSTA : That threat comes as new portions of the law go into effect this week . Provisions that stop insurers from denying coverage to children with pre-existing conditions or dropping policies for people who get sick . Big expansions of coverage do n't come until 2014 . Still , recent polls show the law remains unpopular . REP. GLENN NYE ,  D  VIRGINIA : I voted against the health care bill because I thought it would be too expensive . ACOSTA : Even some Democrats are running against it . Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius argues the public will come around . Why is this law so unpopular ? KATHLEEN SEBELIUS , HHS SECRETARY : I think it 's more confusing than unpopular . I think that ... ACOSTA : You 're ready to have this debate all over again ? SEBELIUS : I am indeed . OBAMA : Hello , hello , hello . ACOSTA : So is the president , who points to parts of the bill that are popular . OBAMA : If young people do n't have health insurance through their employer , then they can stay on their parents ' health insurance up to the age of 26 . ACOSTA : Parts Congressman Barton wants to keep . Are there portions of the law that should be kept ? BARTON : I think coverage of pre-existing conditions . The ability to keep your insurance and not have it revoked unless ... ACOSTA : Rescissions . BARTON : ... unless you committed fraud . ACOSTA : Other Republicans say scrap the whole thing . Conservative activist Alex Cortes , with the group defundit.org , says the solution is to starve the law of money . ALEX CORTES , DEFUNDIT.ORG : One of our only options is defunding . Go after some of the smaller provisions . We will not let Kathleen Sebelius implement and enforce this law . END VIDEO Just the Facts STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Just the Facts . A concussion is an injury that affects how your brain works . They 're usually caused by a hit to the head , but you do n't have to lose consciousness to have a concussion . Symptoms can include dizziness , nausea and confusion . Concussions can affect your memory , reflexes , speech and balance . And if you 've had a concussion , you 're more likely to suffer another one . Concussion Hearing AZUZ : Those things are serious . You hear about concussions in pro sports . Younger athletes suffer these head injuries as well . You might know someone who 's had a concussion . Between 2005 and 2008 , an estimated 400,000 concussions happened in high school sports . Congress wants to find a way to cut down on concussions . Yesterday , they heard from medical experts , parents , students and pro athletes about the issue . Congress is thinking about passing a law that would require student athletes who suffer head injuries to get checked out before they can get back on the field . The bill would also require schools to train coaches , students and parents about how to deal with concussions . This Day in History -LSB- ON SCREEN GRAPHIC -RSB- September 24 , 1960 -- The U.S. launches the Enterprise , the first nuclear-powered aircraft carrier September 24 , 1789 -- The Judiciary Act establishes the first U.S. Supreme Court September 24 , 1957 -- Federal troops go to Little Rock , Arkansas to enforce the right of black students to attend a public school Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What kind of animal is a pangolin ? If you think you know it , then shout it out ! Is it a : A  Bird , B  Fish , C  Mammal or D  Reptile ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Pangolins are mammals that are mostly found in Asia and Africa . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Plight of the Pangolin AZUZ : Now before you say that 's kind of a funny looking creature , there may be a point where there are n't very many left to look at . Pangolins are in danger of dying out . In parts of Asia , the animals are hunted illegally for their meat and for the scales that cover their bodies . Dan Rivers shows us how some people in Vietnam are trying to help the pangolins survive . BEGIN VIDEO DAN RIVERS , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT , VIETNAM : Pity the pangolin , but most people have never even heard of one , let alone seen one of these endangered ant-eating mammals . The way things are going , they may become famous because there are none left . Two species are especially under threat in Asia : the Chinese pangolin and the Sunda pangolin . Experts say both are being hunted to extinction . LEANNE CLARK , WILDLIFE CONSERVATION SOCIETY : I think we 're going to watch those species , both species disappear over the next 5 to 10 years if we do n't do anything , which is intensely sad . You know , they were listed as common until fairly recently . RIVERS : It 's why this special pangolarium has been built in Vietnam 's Cuc Phuong National Park . Staffs are trying to rehabilitate rescued pangolins , which are notoriously difficult to keep . But at least here they are safe from the poachers who prize their meat . CLARK : They 're such an interesting little mammal , you know . It 's devastating to think that these animals , you know , might go extinct while we 're watching if we do n't do enough . RIVERS : At the rescue center , they are hoping to slowly start releasing captured pangolins after they 've been given a clean bill of health . But they need funding and more staff to ensure these creatures do n't disappear completely in just a few years ' time . Dan Rivers , CNN , Cuc Phoung National Park , Vietnam . END VIDEO Shoutout Promo AZUZ : We have n't had any Shoutout dedications this semester . That 's because we 're waiting on you ! Teachers , there 's only one way to get a Shoutout . Log on to our page , CNNStudentNews.com , go to the "  How do I " box , and click on "  How do I get a Shoutout . " Send us an iReport with a photograph of your school , and we 'll take it from there . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , would n't it be cool to kinda just watch TV at your job ? Hey , ladies , get back to work ! They are at work . This farm in Russia -- yes , it 's near Moscow -- set up plasmas as part of an experiment to see if the cows would make more milk if they were watching TV . It turns out they do ! Experts think watching pictures of pastures helps relax the cows -- we 're not making this up -- and that this puts them in the right mood for milking . It starts with TV . Goodbye AZUZ : But you know they 'll eventually want to watch moo-vies . They should milk this thing for all it 's worth , make the farmers cow-tow to them for a while . We 'd do it if we cud . You guys have a great weekend . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Hear what President Obama discussed during his speech at the U.N. Find out why a Pledge to America takes aim at the new health care law Consider the plight of the pangolin , an endangered species in Asia Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Outside of superheroes , young adult adaptations have become one of the few thing studios can count on . From the "  Twilight " series  $ 3.3 billion earned globally  to "  Harry Potter "  $ 7.7 billion total  to "  The Hunger Games "  $ 1.5 billion worldwide so far  , franchises based on popular books made for adolescents have turned into a safer gamble . With the alluring promise of an eager , built-in fanbase , even stand-alone YA adaptations -- like "  The Fault In Our Stars , " which opened at No. 1 in June -- hold the potential to be deliciously lucrative . Taking stock of the studio landscape , it is n't too surprising that "  The Giver 's " moment at the movies has finally come to pass . Based on Lois Lowry 's best-selling , award-winning 1993 novel , "  The Giver " actually struggled to make it into production , being ahead of its time with dystopian themes of an all-controlling government and a young boy who begins to rebel against it . That sounds de rigueur now , but in the '90s the book 's popularity was only eclipsed by its reputation among some as too disturbing for the classroom . Lowry 's story follows a 12-year-old named Jonas who is raised in what he believes is a utopia , a place where conformity is n't an option and being different can cost you your life . The residents ' world is void of color and strong emotion , but they also do n't suffer from war or pain , and have no memories to remind them of what they 're missing . Grownups : Do n't be ashamed of your YA habit When Jonas is elected to become the Receiver of Memory , he learns from The Giver -- the wizened , silver-haired gentleman seen gazing out from the book cover -- all that 's amiss in his world . Lowry 's tale resonated with actor Jeff Bridges upon its release , and he initially pictured his father , Lloyd Bridges , playing the role of The Giver . But Bridges ' road to getting the movie made turned out to be longer than he thought . According to Lowry , Bridges and his team first approached her about two years after "  The Giver " was published . "  He was passionate about the book , " Lowry said at the movie 's August 11 premiere in New York . "  What sold me on it was his passion . I knew he would n't let the themes and ideas of the books be lost . " A brief history of young adult literature But the actor 's passion had to sustain him for 18 years as he lost the movie rights and regained them again . "  Originally I wanted to direct my father in the movie , and he is no longer with us , " Bridges said of his dad , who died in 1998 . "  But I was originally inspired by this old grisly guy on the cover of Lowry 's book , and more and more I started to look like this old , grizzled guy , " the now-64-year-old continued . "  And I thought , ` Oh , maybe I can play this part , ' so I 'm just thrilled we put together this wonderful team and after 18 years we finally got it up on screen . " With Bridges installed as The Giver , the movie tapped Australian actor Brenton Thwaites to play Jonas , who in the movie is already a teenager rather than on the cusp of becoming one . Young adult books that changed our lives Jonas ' older age is one of the tweaks the movie adaptation made to accommodate the story for the screen . For critics , the movie has n't exactly lived up to the book , but for Lowry the movie 's right on time . "  If they had made the movie 20 years ago , or even 18 years ago when they first optioned it , many things could n't have happened , " Lowry said . "  Jeff Bridges was n't old enough to play the title role . Some of the kids in the movie were n't even born and the technology was n't as good . They made a better movie because they waited . " CNN 's Lorenza Brascia and Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	With young adult movies being popular , the spotlight now belongs to "  The Giver " The 1993 novel was a controversial best-seller in its day Jeff Bridges , who was among its fans , saw it through to production across 18 years
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Federal prosecutors on Wednesday filed murder charges against two men suspected in the deaths of a charter boat crew , authorities said . The Joe Cool charter boat was found abandoned last month in the Florida Straits . Kirby Archer , 34 , and Guillermo Zarabozo , 19 , are scheduled to appear in court Thursday afternoon . The men are being held without bail on suspicion of killing the four-member crew of the Joe Cool fishing boat last month . "  Four individuals were killed in this case , " Alex Acosta , U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Florida , told reporters Wednesday in announcing the charges . "  Four families have been torn apart . " Watch what led to the charges " Archer and Zarabozo paid $ 4,000 in cash for a one-way trip to the Bahamas on the pleasure boat . The U.S. Coast Guard found the abandoned vessel about 160 miles south of the island of Bimini on September 23 . It was unmanned , and its contents were in disarray . Zarabozo and Archer were found a few hours later on a life raft 10 miles from the boat . Missing are the boat 's captain , Jake Branam ; his wife , Kelly ; and crew members Scott Gamble and Samuel Kairy . Zarabozo reportedly told a Coast Guard agent that three armed Cuban men hijacked the boat as it headed toward Bimini . Zarabozo , a licensed security guard , said the hijackers shot the crew members and forced him to throw their bodies overboard . But , according to court documents filed in the case , Zarabozo and Archer gave inconsistent stories during interviews with authorities regarding what occurred . Statements given by the pair were not consistent with physical evidence , according to an affidavit supporting the murder charges . Zarabozo , for instance , told federal authorities he did not own a gun , but an investigation showed he had bought a lock box for a gun he kept at his home . That lock box contained various documents , including a receipt for a February 2007 purchase of a Glock 9 mm magazine and four boxes of bullets . "  Little of the defendants ' story rings true , " Acosta said . At a bond hearing last week , the Coast Guard agent said two bullet casings and suspected blood were discovered inside the Joe Cool 's cabin . A third bullet casing was found outside the cabin , he said . All three casings were 9 mm . A fourth 9 mm casing was found on the boat later by family members , who turned it over to the FBI , a relative said . "  Now you have four casings and four people -LSB- presumed -RSB- dead , " said Jeffrey Branam , the uncle of the boat 's captain . Archer is charged with unlawful flight on an Arkansas warrant , accused of stealing more than $ 90,000 in cash from a Wal-Mart where he once worked . Last week , a judge said he believes circumstantial evidence shows four homicides took place . "  Your theory is -LSB- Archer and Zarabozo -RSB- killed the four ? " the judge asked the assistant U.S. attorney at the bond hearing . "  Yes , your honor , " the prosecutor replied . The Coast Guard spent five days searching for the crew before giving up . Acosta said it is unlikely their bodies will ever be found . Jake Branam and his wife leave behind two small children , he said . "  It 's difficult , " Jeffrey Branam said last week . "  Some relatives still think the four are alive and are still searching for them . " He said the name of the boat has been removed from the stern , and the name will be retired from the charter fishing business . The boat probably will be retired , too . Referring to Archer and Zarabozo , Branam said : "  I 'd like to use them as shark bait . " E-mail to a friend	Two defendants to make initial appearances in federal court Thursday Four-person crew of the Joe Cool are missing and presumed dead Men who hired boat reportedly say hijackers killed crew but let them go
CNN  -- Alex Ferguson is the legendary Manchester United coach who once sent a boot flying into the face of David Beckham , but a British sculptor has revealed a softer side to the formidable Scot . Ferguson recently celebrated 26 years as United 's manager this week , during which time he has won trophies at home and abroad as well as gaining a fierce reputation for the "  hairdryer treatment " he dishes out to his players . But that was not the man sculptor Philip Jackson encountered after being commissioned to produce a nine-foot bronze statue of Ferguson which was unveiled on Friday with a host of United legends in attendance . "  He 's a very interesting character , " Jackson , based in the English county of Sussex , told CNN when asked about the 70-year-old United boss . "  He 's much more than you seen on the television . "  When he came down to the studio he said , ` Did you know that Gore Vidal had died ? ' and ` Have you read the new biography of Charles de Gaulle ? ' He 's a very well-read man . " Over the last quarter of a century , Ferguson has overseen United 's ascent to the top of English football . The Old Trafford team has won 12 league titles under his stewardship , helping it to a record 19 English championships overall , in addition to two European Champions League triumphs . Benign expression Raised in the working-class district of Govan in Glasgow , the 70-year-old Ferguson is a staunch supporter of the British Labour Party . As a manager Ferguson has a no-nonsense reputation , letting go of top players like Beckham , Roy Keane , Jaap Stam and Ruud van Nistelrooy when he senses they have outlived their usefulness to the United cause . A long-running spat with the BBC saw Ferguson refuse to speak with the British broadcaster for seven years after a 2004 documentary made unproven allegations of wrongdoing against his football agent son Jason . But fellow Scotsman Jackson wanted to capture a different side of Ferguson for the sculpture which was unveiled during a ceremony ahead of Saturday 's match with Queens Park Rangers -- the team he faced in his first match in charge at Old Trafford in 1986 . "  I wanted him to have a slightly benign expression on his face , so that 's what he 's got . He 's wearing the sort of clothes he would wear at a match in the winter . " Amalgam Jackson was already known to United 's hierarchy after producing sculptures of former manager Matt Busby and the legendary playing trio of George Best , Bobby Charlton and Denis Law . "  I 'd already done the Matt Busby sculpture for Manchester United some 12-15 years ago , " said Jackson , who in his role as royal sculptor has produced works ranging from the archangel Gabriel and Constantine the Great to the young Mozart . "  I did the United trinity of Best , Charlton and Law and when that was completed we talked about doing Alex. I did n't do anything immediately . "  There was an opportunity when his 25th anniversary came up and they decided to name a stand after him . So it was decided it should be done to go in front of that . " In order to do justice to a man as respected as Ferguson , Jackson built up an in-depth knowledge of his personality and appearance during several meetings . "  I went up to see him , took a lot of photographs of him and spent some time watching him at a match , " explained Jackson , who also produced a sculpture of England 's World Cup-winning squad of 1966 which is outside Wembley Stadium . "  I got a lot of photographs from the Manchester United archives and also a lot of books that had been written about him . "  To start of piece of sculpture is almost like researching for a book , you have to get to know the person very well . "  It 's an amalgam of everything I 've seen of him and the meetings I 've had with him . I 've done him fairly pensive . He often stands on the edge of the pitch deciding on what 's going to happen next . That 's the moment I 've chosen to record . " When capturing a character like Ferguson , how did Jackson select one stationary pose to epitomize a coach who is most often seen wildly gesticulating from the sidelines ? "  I imagine him standing on the touchline in deep concentration , about to say something to the team which is going to change the tactics somewhat , " he replied . "  One of the things he does is when the team has won or someone has scored a goal , he tends to put his hands in the air and wave them backwards and forwards . "  That 's a very good pose for film , but it 's not a good pose for sculpture as it makes him look like he 's surrendering . " Ancient tradition Sports stars have long been the subject of works of art , with the athletes of ancient Greece often honored with carvings and statues . "  Sports sculptures , the tradition goes back to Greco-Roman times , " said Jackson . "  If you look at Greek sculpture , it 's all of athletes or people who took part in the Games . It is carrying on a very long tradition . " There are practical advantages of depicting sportsmen for sculptors . "  They have generally come to a job through being young , athletic sportsmen , " added Jackson . "  The theme of fitness continues throughout their life . It makes them easier to sculpt because their bodies are well proportioned . " The sculpture of Ferguson will be the latest in a long line of monuments proudly displayed by English football clubs . Ferguson 's fellow Scot Bill Shankly has a tribute outside Liverpool 's Anfield Stadium for the three league titles he won for the club between 1964 and 1973 . Newcastle United unveiled a statue of much-loved former manager Bobby Robson earlier this year . Robson , England 's coach during the 1990 World Cup , was a native of the north east and occupied the Newcastle hotseat for five years .	Alex Ferguson will be honored with a statue outside Man Utd 's stadium The nine-meter bronze sculpture will be unveiled on November 23 Briton Philip Jackson is the artist commissioned to produce the artwork Jackson has worked with United on two previous commissions
CNN  -- All the talk this season has been that Robin van Persie is the difference between winning the English Premier League title , or not . Roberto Mancini wanted to sign him after his Manchester City side won a first championship in 44 years on the final day of the 2011-12 campaign . Much to his chagrin , even the deep pockets of the club 's Abu Dhabi owners could not tempt the Dutchman . Even worse for the Italian , and for Arsenal fans hoping he would stay in London , the 29-year-old decided to join Manchester United for what has proved to be a bargain initial $ 34 million . Having never won a title at any of his previous clubs , the striker opted for Old Trafford -- and it has paid off handsomely . His first-half hat-trick in Monday 's 3-0 win over struggling Aston Villa clinched a record-extending 20th English crown for United , and put him back on top of the EPL scoring charts . While City 's top scorer Carlos Tevez has 11 this season , Van Persie has 24 -- one more than Liverpool 's Luis Suarez , who may miss the rest of this season after being charged with violent conduct for biting a Chelsea opponent on Sunday . "  I 'm very happy but it 's weird . I had to wait for so long for my first title and it 's a great feeling , " Van Persie said in a post-match interview after United moved 16 points clear of second-placed City . Two of his goals were set up by 39-year-old Ryan Giggs , who claimed his 13th EPL title since starting his career with United . The second was a spectacular volley following a lofted pass from England striker Wayne Rooney , which virtually ended the game as a contest as early as the 13th minute . "  It was a great ball from Wayne , so the only thing I had to do was guide it right and hit it properly and it went in great , " said the Netherlands international , whose efforts this season will cost United an extra $ 2 million in add-on fees . He went 10 games without a goal as United crashed out of the European Champions League , but has bounced back with five in the last three matches . Rooney has had to play second fiddle in the goalscoring stakes , but was able to celebrate his 400th United appearance with an impressive performance from a deeper-lying role . "  It 's what we 've worked all year for and we 've fully deserved it . We won this game in the first half and it is a fantastic night for us , " Rooney said . "  When you lose the title it 's hard to take , and the way we did it was n't a nice feeling last time so we 've all dug in deep and all worked together and done fantastic to put ourselves in the position tonight to finish the job off . " Last season United blew an eight-point lead before surrendering the title in the final minutes as City snatched an injury-time victory . This season United did not let up , while City dropped points against lesser teams . "  You can go on and on about losing a title but at the end of the day , our consistency for the last 20 years is unbelievable , " said United manager Alex Ferguson , who has also won 13 titles since joining in 1986 . "  The focus of the team was good , they focused on the challenge of City and came up trumps . " The 71-year-old , the most successful manager since the EPL began in 1992 , acknowledged the contribution of Van Persie this season . "  He 's been unbelievable , his early form in the first six months was fantastic . He had the spell where he did n't score  for 10 games  but he was unbelievable tonight . " Ferguson 's team can break the EPL points record held by Chelsea with victories in the club 's four remaining games . "  We 've now got 84 points with four games left -- we 've never done that , " he said when asked where this season 's achievement ranks . "  We 've won most of our games , drawn three , lost four , and the goal tonight  Van Persie 's volley  ... all the great goals we 've scored over the years , from David Beckham through Ole Gunnar Solskjaer , Eric Cantona , that goal has joined that . These players have joined the pedestal . " While the result will likely quell any further protests against United 's U.S. owners , the Glazer family -- unpopular after their highly leveraged takeover in 2005 -- the situation is not so positive for another American in charge of an EPL club . The defeat left Randy Lerner 's Aston Villa three points above the relegation zone , having played one more match than the third-bottom team , Wigan . Villa manager Paul Lambert was relieved his side did not suffer a repeat of December 's 8-0 defeat at Chelsea , having gone behind after just 90 seconds against United and then trailed 3-0 after 32 minutes . "  We wanted to make sure it did n't happen again . Credit to them they kept on going against a brilliant side , the best in the country , " Lambert said . "  Congratulations to Man Utd . They have been the best team all season . They work really hard , they work for each other , they have a mentality that has been here for years and years . The best team always wins the league . "	Robin van Persie nets all three goals as Manchester United clinch English title Monday 's 3-0 win over Aston Villa ends the Premier League reign of Manchester City Win puts United 16 points clear of second-placed City with four games to play Van Persie moves to top of EPL scoring charts with 24 goals this season
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- A government school in southern India has tested pupils ' karate skills by running over their outstretched arms with a motorcycle . K. Devarajan , the director of elementary education in Tamil Nadu state , told CNN that the event , held recently , was organized with the consent of parents . State education authorities have now asked schools not to carry out such activities because they violate safety guidelines , which he claimed were already in place in state educational institutions . Devarajan said officers visited the school after learning about the controversial show . Newspaper pictures Tuesday showed a motorcyclist driving over the limbs of a row of schoolchildren lying with their faces down in the state 's Villupuram district . It also showed smiling adults standing behind the young children . The act aimed to show the strength the students had gained from their karate classes , Devarajan said . Nobody was injured , said P. Perumalsamy , a senior state education official . The students involved were aged between six and 13 , he added .	Indian schoolchildren run over by motorcycle in karate exercise Officials says parents approved of test of children 's karate skills School has been told not to hold such an exercise again
CNN  -- Retirement has n't been full of lazy days , rounds of golf and luxury vacations for Gary Terry . When this former telecommunications executive called it quits after a 32-year career , he took up an equally time-consuming volunteer job as chairman of the American Heart Association 's Texas chapter . Gary Terry says his being saved by a public defibrillator he 'd pressed for was "  divine intervention . " "  I believe the Lord chose me to lead that group , " said Terry , who lives in Hurst , Texas . But his "  sign from the Lord " came , not in the form of a dream or a mysterious figure in his morning toast . Instead , it came in the form of a cardiac arrest by the security checkpoint at the Austin airport . "  I was trying to get back to the metroplex because I had a meeting the next morning . I reached down to pick up my briefcase , and I kept going . " Here 's where the story takes an ironic twist : Gary Terry collapsed just 18 feet from an automated external defibrillator AED that he and his group -- the American Heart Association -- helped to install just eight months earlier . "  A lot of people say there 's a lot of circumstances in your situation that really are unique , " said Terry , "  and I say no , they 're not unique circumstances -- they 're divine intervention . And I truly believe that . " But the circumstances of Terry 's experience are unique , because there was a defibrillator nearby , and somebody knew how to use it . Watch more on the heart official saved by a defibrillator he pushed for " "  When somebody stops breathing and they hit the ground , for all intents and purposes , they 're dead , " says Dr. Art Kellermann , noted defibrillator advocate and professor of emergency medicine at Emory University . "  There are a few minutes where you can reach through the door and pull them back from death if you act decisively . " And acting decisively , says Kellermann , means following the four links in the "  chain of survival . " Visit CNNhealth , your connection for better living The first link , according to the American Heart Association , is to recognize there 's a problem , and call 911 . Next , begin doing CPR , employ the use of a defibrillator and get the victim into the hands of capable medical professionals like the paramedics . "  Research has shown time and time again that you win or lose in a cardiac arrest on the scene , " says Dr. Kellermann . "  If you do n't get -LSB- the victim -RSB- started before you start transport , the likelihood they 'll survive to leave the hospital is less than one-half of 1 percent . " And statistics also show that if the chain of survival is initiated within 4 minutes , the chances of survival can be as high as 60 percent . The good news is , CPR is easy to learn  local classes can be found here  and the automated external defibrillator is remarkably simple to use , even without significant training . According to several device manufacturers , you simply place the pads on a victim 's chest , and turn the unit on . Complex algorithms inside the unit 's computer determine whether a shock from the machine will help restart a victim 's heart . Once the machine determines that a shock should in fact be delivered , it tells the user to clear their hands from the patient 's body , and press the "  shock " button . It 's far less complicated than your average VCR , and almost impossible to screw up . It 's for these reasons , and the relatively low cost of a defibrillator that Gary Terry continues his crusade . "  I think this is part of the plan , and I think he wants me to keep telling people what a great piece of equipment the AED is . " And Terry says he wo n't stop until the defibrillator is as ubiquitous in public places as a sprinkler system . "  I 'm gon na try to put AEDs in every building and in every house , and then I 'm gon na hang them on trees . "	Heart association official suffered cardiac arrest in a Texas airport His life was saved by an automated external defibrillator His group pressed to have the AEDs place in the airport months earlier
CNN  -- In the slums of the Kenyan capital , Nairobi , visiting the bathroom usually means one of two things ; a trip to the local pit latrine or the ` flying toilet ' . The former entails letting nature take its course in a rickety outhouse perched atop a hole in the ground -- a facility also used by hundreds of other people in the neighborhood . The latter meanwhile consists of relieving oneself in a plastic bag before throwing the offending item away in the street . A 2011 report by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation found that these arrangements led to environmental contamination and the spread of diseases such as typhoid and tuberculosis . See also : How human waste could power Nigeria 's slums But within this primitive sewage system recent MIT graduate , David Auerbach , has spied an opportunity he believes could one day be worth millions of dollars . Alongside a group of fellow MIT alumni and local Kenyan partners , Auerbach has helped found Sanergy -- a start-up that aims to make a business out of cleaning up Nairobi 's sanitary mess . It plans to collect human waste in a series of custom-built toilets before transforming it into compost and fertilizer products that can be sold to the local agriculture industry . "  In Kenya alone there are 10 million people who live in the slums and 8 million of them do n't have access to a clean toilet , " says Auerbach . "  By providing this service we believe there is tremendous potential to operate a for-profit social business . In terms of agriculture , Mckinsey puts  fertilizer  at a half trillion dollar business in East Africa alone , " he adds . The Sanergy model works by first installing a network of low cost sanitation centers , which provide access to clean toilets , at various locations in the slums . These premises -- that trap the waste in air tight containers -- are then franchised out to local entrepreneurs at a cost of 45,000 shillings  roughly $ 500  a year , with a renewal fee charged to continue after this period . Franchisees are funded primarily by micro-finance loans , explains Auerbach . They charge residents a small fee , usually 5 Kenyan Shillings  $ 0.06  to use their facilities in order to make their money back . See also : Mobile solutions for better sanitation The waste is processed and broken down to be transformed into a variety of organic fertilizer products that are then sold on to commercial farms . "  Currently we have 25 facilities up and running ... we 're collecting about three metric tons of waste per week which can all be converted into fertilizer , " says Auerbach . "  By the end of this year we want to have 250 franchises . We think by the end of the following year we can safely be at 1,000 toilets , " he adds . Creating employment opportunities for local residents can also be a benefit of the project and important to its greater success . "  Success of the business model like Sanergy depends on creating viable franchise opportunities for local entrepreneurs and attractive services for slum residents , " says Austin Beebe of African Medical and Research Foundation . "  Projects such as these should hire locally and this is more than a good development principle . It makes business sense too . " See also : Elephant poo power electrifies zoo As it stands , Sanergy employs 42 people -- in facility design , waste collection , plant operation and management positions -- of which 34 are Kenyan . By the end of 2013 Auerbach says Sanergy plans to collect enough waste to power a bio-generator that can sell electricity back into the Kenyan national grid . "  The waste of 100,000 people generates about 1 gigawatt of power . So right now when we have 1,200 users every day we 're not at a point where we can produce sufficient amounts of electricity , " says Auerbach . "  This is something we 'll be looking to do later this year or next year , " he adds . "  But we 're not quite there yet . "	The slums of Nairobi lack efficient and clean sanitation systems A new start-up aims to improve these conditions by installing a series of custom built toilets Those behind the company believe it could be a multi-million dollar enterprize one day
LAKE LANIER , Georgia  CNN  -- Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue declared a water supply emergency in north Georgia on Saturday as its water resources dwindled to a dangerously low level after months of drought . But an Army Corps of Engineers official denied there is a water crisis . Perdue , who signed an executive order Saturday , asked for President Bush 's help in easing regulations that require the state to send water downstream to Alabama and Florida . He also asked the president to declare 85 counties as federal disaster areas . Perdue blasted what he called the "  silly rules " governing the water supplies , noting that even if the state got replenishing rains , it could not by law conserve those , but must release 3.2 billion gallons a day downstream . "  The actions of the Corps of Engineers and Fish and Wildlife Service are not only irresponsible , I believe they 're downright dangerous and Georgia can not stand for this negligence , " Perdue said . The Army Corps of Engineers , however , presented a different assessment . If there were nine months without rain , water supplies still would be adequate , said Maj. Daren Payne , the Army Corps ' deputy commander for the Mobile , Alabama , District . The corps sent a letter to Perdue assessing the situation and pointing out that they are "  not going to run out -LSB- of water -RSB- any time soon , " Payne said . The corps -- under an agreement reached in the 1980s with U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , the state and downstream users -- releases 5,000 feet of water per second from the dam between Lake Lanier and the Chattahoochee River . The figure was based on a Florida hydroelectric power plant 's needs , as well as concern for endangered species in the river , including mussels and sturgeon . On Friday , Georgia filed a motion seeking to require the Army Corps of Engineers to restrict water flows from the lake and other north Georgia reservoirs . Watch Gov. Perdue blast a "  disaster of federal bureaucracy " " The corps said it needs 120 days to review its water policies , according to Perdue . The Bush administration has been in contact with the Georgia congressional delegation on the matter , the White House said Saturday afternoon "  We have already begun drafting interim rules to ... address the endangered species requirements , and the Army Corps has started the process of revising the operations manual for the river basin , " said White House spokeswoman Dana Perino . Months of drought Rainfall in north Georgia , which includes the Atlanta metropolitan area , is far below normal for this time of year . That was evident as Perdue addressed reporters on packed red clay on the shore of Lake Lanier -- the main water source for the Atlanta area 's 5 million residents . Normally , he 'd be standing in water , but levels have dropped to historically low levels . The drought is hurting businesses and scaring away tourists . Efforts are under way to try to reduce the flow from Lake Lanier by looking into requirements for endangered species and demands downstream for power plants and industries , Payne said . A new biological review of endangered species needs will end in November and will be examined by officials from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to see if water requirements can be reduced , he added . "  The corps is not opposed to reducing the flow , if it can do it legally , " Payne said . Georgia , Alabama and Florida have been wrangling over how to allocate water from the Chattahoochee watershed for years as metro Atlanta 's population has doubled since 1980 . "  No one is sacrificing , no one is sharing the pain like the people in north Georgia are , " Perdue said , noting there are no water restrictions in Florida or southern Alabama . Georgia has imposed a mandatory ban on outdoor water use by homeowners in the region , but Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle warned this is a situation "  we can not conserve our way out of . " Meanwhile , individual counties are monitoring illegal water use . In Douglas County , violators will have their water supply turned off and may have to pay up to $ 1,000 to get it turned back on . Cobb County , just north of Atlanta , is doling out fines of up to $ 500 for repeat offenders . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Rusty Dornin and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	Governor asks president to declare North Georgia a disaster area Army Corps official denies there is a Lake Lanier water crisis Army Corps releases millions of gallons daily from the lake Georgia will seek injunction to stop water releases from reservoir
CNN  -- Baseball legend Barry Bonds is scheduled to be sentenced Friday for his obstruction of justice conviction . The hearing at 11 a.m.  2 p.m. ET  will take place in a San Francisco federal courtroom less than two miles from the ballpark where Bonds broke Hank Aaron 's major league home run record in August 2007 . Federal prosecutors want Bonds , 47 , to serve 15 months in prison , according to a sentencing memo filed in court earlier this month . Defense lawyers argued in their filing that the judge should accept the probation office 's recommendation that Bonds be sentenced to two years ' probation , fined $ 4,000 and ordered to perform 250 hours of community service . Jurors who found Bonds guilty in April said he was "  evasive " in his testimony to the federal grand jury investigating illegal steroids use by pro athletes . "  Because Bonds 's efforts were a corrupt , intentional effort to interfere with that mission , a sentence of 15 months imprisonment is appropriate , " the prosecution said in its memo to U.S. District Judge Susan Illston . But jurors , who were deadlocked on three perjury counts , said that it was not proven that Bonds lied when he testified that he had not knowingly used steroids . Prosecutors decided not to pursue a retrial . Prosecutors still argued in the sentencing memo that Bonds ' denial that he was "  taking steroids and human growth hormone were patently false . " Bonds ' testimony in December 2003 was part of the investigation that targeted Bonds ' personal trainer Greg Anderson and employees of the California drug testing laboratory known as the Bay Area Laboratory Co-operative  BALCO  . The testimony that led to Bonds ' conviction came when a grand jury prosecutor asked Bonds if Anderson ever gave him "  anything that required a syringe to inject yourself with . " Bonds told the grand jury that only his personal doctors "  ever touch me , " and he then veered off the subject to say he never talked baseball with Anderson . Defense lawyers argued that Bonds thought the creams and ointments Anderson was giving him were made of flax seed oils . Sentences for other athletes convicted in connection with the BALCO investigation have not included prison time . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Federal prosecutors want baseball legend to serve 15 months in prison Defense lawyers request two years ' probation , a $ 4,000 fine and community service Jurors found Bonds guilty of obstruction of justice in April The courthouse is near the ballpark where Bonds set a baseball record
CNN  -- European champions Spain were drawn with 2004 semifinalists the Czech Republic as they begin the defense of their title this year in qualifiers for the 2012 tournament in Poland and Ukraine . Vicente del Bosque 's team were placed in one of three five-nation groups on Sunday , being the last out of the hat , with the other six pools featuring six teams . The nine group winners qualify automatically along with the best runner-up and the two hosts , with the other eight second-placed sides facing playoffs in November 2011 . Spain and the Czechs , the 1996 runners-up , are in Group I along with Scotland , Lithuania and minnows Liechtenstein , with the first qualifiers to be held in September this year . In the other five-nation pools , England are the top seed in Group G and will have to get past 2008 co-hosts Switzerland , the unpredictable but talented Bulgaria , Wales and Montenegro . Cristiano Ronaldo 's Portugal , quarterfinalists in 2008 and losing finalists at home in 2004 , were drawn in Group H with 1992 champions Denmark , Norway , Cyprus and Iceland . World champions Italy also face a testing time in six-nation Group C after being drawn with Serbia and Slovenia , who have both qualified for this year 's World Cup finals and will be seeking to continue that progress . Three-time champions Germany were drawn in Group A with Turkey , who they beat in the 2008 semifinals before losing to Spain . Neighbors and that year 's co-hosts Austria are also in the same group along with Belgium , Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan . Netherlands , ranked third in the world behind Spain and Brazil , should be confident of qualifying from Group E ahead of Sweden , with Finland , Hungary also battling for a runner-up spot ahead of minnows Moldova and San Marino . Two-time champions France are again drawn with Romania , who failed to qualify from their 2010 World Cup pool but made it through to Euro 2008 . Bosnia-Herzegovina , beaten by Portugal in the World Cup playoffs last year , were also drawn in Group D. Russia failed to qualify for the World Cup in South Africa , but are joined in Group A by a team who did as pool winners , Slovakia , and the Republic Of Ireland -- who lost a controversial playoff to France made infamous by Thierry Henry 's handball . Draw for Euro 2012 qualifiers : Group A : Germany , Turkey , Austria , Belgium , Kazakhstan , Azerbaijan . Group B : Russia , Slovakia , Republic of Ireland , Macedonia , Armenia , Andorra . Group C : Italy , Serbia , Northern Ireland , Slovenia , Estonia , Faroe Islands . Group D : France , Romania , Bosnia-Herzegovina , Belarus , Albania , Luxembourg . Group E : Netherlands , Sweden , Finland , Hungary , Moldova , San Marino . Group F : Croatia , Greece , Israel , Latvia , Georgia , Malta . Group G : England , Switzerland , Bulgaria , Wales , Montenegro . Group H : Portugal , Denmark , Norway , Cyprus , Iceland . Group I : Spain , Czech Republic , Scotland , Lithuania , Liechtenstein .	European champions Spain drawn in five-nation group for qualifiers for 2012 event Vicente Del Bosque 's team face Czech Republic , Scotland , Lithuania and Liechtenstein The 2008 runners-up Germany drawn with Turkey , who they beat in that year 's semifinals World champions Italy drawn with fellow World Cup qualifiers Slovenia and Slovakia
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- Sahab and her family were not willing refugees . Like many in Syria , they were forced to leave their family home and move several times to different locations to avoid the worsening security situation all around them . The final straw came when they hid for more than three hours , taking shelter under some stairs , as F16 planes attacked the town Al Quaryatayn , in Homs province . When it was safe to move , Sahab joined around 50 other people heading towards the border in a van that normally transports animals . From there , it was another five hour journey by foot , at night , in the freezing cold . The small bags of belongings they 'd brought with them were mostly thrown away along the route as the going got harder ; children lost their shoes as they stumbled in the dark and made the last part of their journey walking in just their socks or barefoot . "  We were just seeking a safe place to stay where no-one would attack us " , said 42 year-old Sahab , who I met with her family at the main reception centre in Jordan 's Zaatari camp . More than 130,000 people are officially registered at Zaatari , which is struggling to cope with the flood of refugees . Read more : Syrian exodus reaches one million "  We were terrified . Now we are here , we feel safer . But we 'd like to be able to return to Syria as quickly as possible and for the fighting to end , " Sahab told me . "  I want a decent , secure life , to have a life with dignity . " But aid agencies like mine are struggling to respond to the needs of people like Sahab and to provide them with basic services . Zaatari is a sprawling camp made up of canvas tents and prefab shelters in the Jordanian desert , close to the Syrian border , which has tripled in size in the last three months , in order to accommodate the thousands of refugees arriving every day . The Jordanian government wants to open at least two new camps to ease the congestion , but there 's no funding . Hundreds of thousands of other refugees in Jordan , Lebanon and other countries bordering Syria , such as Turkey , Iraq and Egypt , are living in host communities , often in unheated , unfurnished buildings or makeshift shelters , where it is even harder for them to get the help they need . Read more : The faces of Syria 's refugee crisis In January , donors generously pledged to fund the U.N. 's largest-ever short-term emergency appeal to help those affected by the conflict in Syria , promising a massive $ 1.5 billion . But so far , most of the funds have failed to materialize . The U.N. says it has received just 20 % of the money promised so far . That means some very difficult decisions will soon have to be made on the ground . The U.N. children 's agency , UNICEF , which funds Oxfam 's emergency work in Zaatari , where the agency is installing latrines , showers and washing areas , says it has only received 9 % of the funds it needs for its work in Jordan . UNICEF has warned that without more money , it will have to scale back , even on life-saving interventions , including water , sanitation , hygiene work and child protection . Read more : Syrian war ` everybody 's problem ' The crisis is spiralling out of control . There are now one million registered refugees , though the true number is far higher , since many fleeing Syria choose not to register . An end to the conflict is nowhere in sight , meaning that the flood of refugees leaving the country is likely to continue . Host countries , including Lebanon and Jordan , must be commended for keeping their borders open and providing help . But the refugee numbers -- which currently account for 8 % of Lebanon 's total population and around 5 % of the Jordanian population , are now straining limited resources . Tensions are starting to appear between local host populations , who until now have been extremely generous , and the new refugees , as there 's greater competition for affordable housing , health and school facilities . Even if peace could be secured , that does n't address the longer-term issue : Funding will be needed to help families rebuild their shattered lives , for months and years to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Caroline Gluck .	The number of refugees fleeing Syria 's civil war has reached one million Aid agencies including Oxfam are struggling to cope with the flood of new arrivals Gluck : Without more money to help , difficult decisions will have to be made "  Tensions are starting to appear between local host populations ... and new refugees "
Washington  CNN  -- When the Founding Fathers decided to create a bicameral legislative branch , they were trying to make things difficult for the federal government to grab power from the people . What the Founding Fathers may not have foreseen was how much the House and the Senate would grow to dislike and distrust each other . Why is this important now ? Democrats in the House may have to take the political risk of voting to pass the health care bill based on assurances from the Senate that the upper chamber will eventually modify the law to change some things House Democrats do n't want . I live a bipartisan household . I am a creature of the House , having spent 15 years toiling as a Republican staffer in the lower chamber . My wife is a Senate girl , having spent about the same amount of time as a Republican staffer in the upper chamber . Talk about Mars and Venus . When you are working for the House majority , you worry less about the tactics of the minority and more about the workings of an inscrutable Senate . Former Speaker Tip O'Neill reportedly once said to a Democratic colleague : "  Remember , the House Republicans are merely the opposition . The Senate is the enemy . " Two examples come quickly to mind . Right after Bill Frist became majority leader in the Senate in 2003 , President Bush and House Republicans were pushing for a tax cut of a certain size , which they thought would stimulate an economy that was faltering . To do so , both the House and Senate needed to pass a budget resolution that included that sizeable tax cut number . The House passed the budget , and all eyes were on the Senate majority leader , who was having some trouble convincing a few wayward senators to climb on board the tax cut train . Suddenly , a deal was struck , and the Senate passed the budget . But nobody in the House knew exactly what the deal was . Rumors started floating around that Frist had promised the few moderates who did n't like the high cost of the tax cut to only allow a tax cut of half the size being pushed by the president and by House Republicans to pass the Senate . The House Republicans were , to put it politely , outraged . They fulminated and fomented . They accused the new majority leader and the new budget chairman  Don Nickles  of treachery , of cowardice , and worse , of being squishes . And they spent the next six months trying to come up with a plan to screw the dastardly Senate . In October 2001 , just after the September 11 terrorist attacks , a jittery congressional leadership went to the White House to meet with the president . At the early morning meeting , Sen. Tom Daschle divulged that his office had received a powdery substance that looked just like the anthrax that had been sent to news broadcasters in New York City . If it was the same anthrax , it could be deadly , especially if it got into the Capitol building air ducts . All four leaders agreed to close down the Capitol to protect the lives of the employees who worked there . Speaker Denny Hastert and Minority Leader Dick Gephardt dutifully told their House colleagues of the plan , and they shut down their side of the Capitol . When Daschle and Sen. Trent Lott went back to brief their colleagues about the plan , there was a rebellion . Sen John McCain was especially obstinate , saying basically that closing the Capitol was the same as surrendering to terrorists . Without telling Hastert and Gephardt , the Senate announced that it was staying open . The headline in the New York Post the next morning blared "  WIMPS , " calling the speaker and the House a bunch of cowards for trying to protect their staff from an anthrax attack . I never had so much fun in my life working with my House Democratic counterparts launching a furious counterattack in the media against the upper chamber . My former boss , Speaker Hastert , who had nothing but disdain for the Senate , used to call senators those "  prancing ponies who all wanted to be president . " And the Senate , from what my wife tells me , holds the House in similarly minimal high regard . The question that now roils the House is : Can they trust the Senate ? Could they trust them when the House , during President Bill Clinton 's first term , passed a politically very dangerous BTU tax , a new tax based on energy consumption ? Dozens of vulnerable Democrats voted for the president 's budget that included that tax , only to see it stripped by the Senate . The answer , sadly , is no . The Senate is going to do what it is going to do . It is going to get as much done as it can get done , with the limitations it has under its rules . And if it sees a chance to stick it to the House , believe me , it will . The difference between the House and the Senate is this : Members of the House who have power and positions of authority have already put in the time and energy to be House people . Nancy Pelosi and John Boehner have no interest in moving up to the Senate . They are going to fight for the prerogatives of their colleagues and of their institution . Most senators still believe , in the back of the their minds , they will be or should be president . They are always looking for ways to play to the cameras and increase their national prominence . Aside from the egos and the ambition of those in the upper body , there are also the rules . The Senate rules give more power to individual senators and more power to the minority . That tradition has been around for a long time , so that the Senate does n't just become a smaller version of the House . It was created to give states , especially in less populous regions , an ability to protect themselves from the demands of the more populous regions of the country . It is on big bills , like the health care reform legislation now being considered by the House and the Senate , where the stresses between the House and the Senate become more pronounced . House members are now asking themselves : Can we trust the Senate ? If we pass their bill , will they pass ours ? If we go out on a limb for them , will they change their Senate rules for us ? Well , as President Ronald Reagan used to say about the old Soviet Union : Trust . But verify . Which really means do n't trust them at all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Feehery .	Health bill passage may require House Democrats to trust Senate Democrats House could make politically difficult vote on theory that Senate would modify law later John Feehery says there 's a long history of mistrust between the two chambers He says senators have lofty ambitions and more prerogatives
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The screech of clear , heavy-duty duct tape scratches on the ear even before the mass of mainland Chinese visitors comes into view . This is the daily soundtrack from thousands of people packing up brown cardboard boxes outside Sheung Shui train station , the last rail stop in Hong Kong before mainland China . Every day these mainlanders make a Hong Kong entrance , picking up goods on behalf of China-based agents . Every evening , they make an exodus back across the border , taking with them sundry items that include Hong Kong-made baby formula and Huggies diapers to beauty masks and bottled Starbucks frappucinos . Some call these people "  grey traders . " Others call them "  mainland mules . " Local residents call them a nuisance . Steven So , chairman of Hong Kong 's North District Council for the past five years , says the daily horde makes his constituents angry . "  They 're mad because these visitors make a big mess . They litter . They throw their used lunchboxes everywhere . They spit . They block the walkways . They even injure people when they bump into them with their trolleys , " he says . So says it has as much to do with trust as it does with tariffs over the past few years . Food scandals in mainland China , including the 2008 tainted baby formula scare in which more than 53,000 infants were reported ill , have pushed many consumers to buy products made elsewhere . Hong Kong goods are considered to adhere to stricter quality guidelines . Many products in Hong Kong have also become cheaper than the same ones found in mainland China . Since 2005 , China 's currency , the yuan , has strengthened 25 % against the U.S. dollar , to which the Hong Kong dollar is pegged . And if goods are ferried over in a piecemeal fashion by mainland day traders -- box-by-box versus traditional cargo containers -- importers can avoid commercial tariffs that average 50 % . Taxes on electronic goods can reach as high as 70 % , adds So . That kind of savings keeps the cross-border grey trade very much alive . "  These mainland Chinese visitors buy anything and everything -- as long as it 's not ` made in China , ' " says So . About a 20-minute walk from the train station , at a non-descript but well-known warehouse for this industry , hundreds of mainlanders swarm the building as they pick up their goods bound for China . Sweaty workers wheel out pallets of boxes that advertise instant noodles and diapers made in Japan . Grey traders -- men , women , young and old -- then put them on small handcarts and walk to the train station . While no one would give their full name , one worker revealed he earns HK$ 100 , or about U.S. $ 12 , per round trip . He admitted it is not much money but it is enough to take care of his family . His wife , a Hong Kong citizen , just gave birth to their first baby . One lady who only identified herself by her surname of Lau said that they all face pressure at customs as well . "  If our goods get turned away at the mainland border , we just have to dump them . So there 's risk in this business , " she says . There is also risk -- and reward -- for regular border area businesses . Pharmacies , convenience stores and jewelry shops have welcomed the rise in demand . Shop worker salaries have doubled in the past two years to cater to the surge of shoppers . But rents for retail space have tripled in the past three years and inflation is a chronic concern , according to various neighborhood shop owners . Aside from the economic woes , residents cite other issues that include hygiene , environmental and crowd complaints . In recognition of rising anti-China animosity from Hong Kong , Beijing shelved a controversial plan earlier this month that would have opened the door to millions more mainland visitors to the city . Four million people from Shenzhen alone - right across the border - would have been eligible under the proposed program . Many Hong Kong citizens are upfront with their emotions about their mainland cousins . "  Angry . Annoyed , " said local resident Gabi Liu . "  There are  too many people around us disturbing our country . Most of them are being bad-mannered . " Steven So , the district chairman , is more nuanced . Hong Kong is an "  open " city that does welcome conventional tourists who stay at hotels , eat at restaurants and visit the city 's theme parks like Disneyland , he says . But he also holds a caveat for non-conventional tourists -- those grey traders who hold multi-entry visa holders that crisscross the border each day . "  We need to weigh the pros and cons . To us in this district , the cons outweigh the pros . We do n't have room for more people . " Still , he may be talking against a tide that can not be turned . In 2011 , Hong Kong , a city of 7 million people , saw 28 million mainland visitors -- two thirds of the city 's total visitors , according to the Hong Kong Tourism Board . That is expected to grow even more , further reinforcing the reality that Hong Kong 's economy is wedded more to mainland China as the years pass for this former British colony . Vivian Kam contributed to this report .	Every day thousands of mainland Chinese go to Hong Kong to buy goods They 're paid by agents to meet demand for non-Chinese , cheaper products Residents near the border complain that they 're a nuisance
CNN  -- Severe rain and thunderstorms pounded the Los Angeles suburbs again Saturday , causing more mudslides in Glendora and other towns . Mandatory evacuation orders for Glendora , Azusa , and Monrovia remained in effect , CNN affiliate KCAL reported . So far , no deaths have been reported . "  We 've got people still evacuated only because we expect those thunderstorms , those high-intensity , short duration , type of rain storms , " Glendora Police Chief Timothy Staab told KCAL . "  The hillsides are already soaked right now , and it may not take much to cause those mudslides to just come down out of the hills . " The hills ca n't hold water because so much vegetation was destroyed in wildfires and drought . "  These areas have the highest risk of being impacted by flooding/debris flows from rainfall due to the loss of vegetation from the foothills , " the city of Glendora said in a statement to KABC , also a CNN affiliate . In Monrovia , people who choose not to leave will be asked to sign a form acknowledging they know the risk and assume liability for staying in their homes , KABC reported . The bad weather extended into Burbank , where rain and winds felled a 50-foot tree into an elderly woman 's home . She escaped out the back door and was n't injured . In Glendora , stories of close calls were easily found on Friday . Mario Vazquez grabbed his dog and got out of the way , as a stream of water and mud came gushing on to his streets . Since California has been in the middle of its worst drought in 100 years , it would seem that the sight of rain would be good news . But in Glendora and other towns in Los Angeles County , it was n't . The rain has been much needed , but Friday 's deluge -- coming down at more than an inch an hour at times -- landed on bone-dry hills scorched by recent wildfires in and around Los Angeles . With little vegetation left to stop them , walls of water have gushed into valleys below . They have spewed mud and debris into quiet residential streets , turning them into thick , brown creeks . More could hit before Saturday is up , the National Weather Service says . It has placed Los Angeles and Ventura counties under a flash flood watch . By the time it 's over up to 6 inches will have landed on the foothills of Los Angeles County and as much as 10 inches on the ridge line . Weather weirdness The West Coast rain is expected to end by Sunday , but will move eastward over the weekend . It will bring cold and snow to the central Plains to Ohio Valley late Saturday and Sunday and to the East Coast by Monday . Cities that will fall in the path of the heaviest snow include Louisville and Lexington , Kentucky ; Pittsburgh and Philadelphia ; and the Washington , D.C. area . Severe thunderstorms will be possible across central and eastern Texas and much of Louisiana on Sunday . Damaging thunderstorm winds will be the primary threat and a few tornadoes will be possible . Several cities will experience yo-yo temperatures . For example , the high in Atlanta will be 71 degrees on Sunday and drop to 54 on Monday . In New York , it will be 40 on Sunday and 26 on Monday ; in Washington , 54 and 34 , with a chance of 8-10 inches of snow . In Colorado , one person was killed and 20 were injured after a series of wrecks Saturday that involved an estimated 60 cars , Sonny Jackson , public information officer for the Denver Police Department , told CNN . Jackson said there were three different accident scenes within a short stretch of I-25 North , the first of which involved 45 cars . The storms brought the first rains since a powerful , persistent weather system collapsed that was keeping California parched . The same system was also at the root of a lot of strange weather around the globe -- all the way to Russia . A massive , sturdy ridge of high-pressure air had hovered over California , blustering rain clouds away . At the same time , it pushed the jet-stream way up into Canada and distorted it , said weather environmentalist Bill Lapenta . The stream then whipped south , pulling icy cold down into the Deep South , where it triggered snow storms . Then it dragged them up to Northeast , before crossing the Atlantic and bringing floods to Britain . It is also brought the unseasonably warm weather at the Olympic Games in Sochi , Lapenta said . The heavy California rains will not do much to alleviate the drought , according to the CNN Weather Center . A lot of the water is flowing right back out to sea , and the drought 's effects have been enormous . Water reservoirs are running at minimum levels . For the first time in its history , the California Water Project - a system of canals and reservoirs that provide water to two thirds of the people in the state 's Central Valley -- set its allocation for all of them to zero . Fire , then water Floating in Glendora 's silt were chunks of burned wood . Just weeks ago , flames were consuming the hills looming above them . Now , 1,000 homes in the valley have been ordered to evacuate , for fear of flash floods . Besides his dog , Vazquez left almost everything he owns behind to face the sludge . "  I got my laptop , " he said . "  It 's going to be fine . It 's all replaceable . " It was probably quick thinking on his part . The rising waters caught many off guard . "  It was n't like this 20 minutes ago , " said resident Ryan Friend . He seemed aghast , as he watched a stream of thick brown pour down a street . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report	Rains are the first since the weather system behind the drought collapsed Though desperately needed , the rain has not been great news Deluge has come down at more than an inch an hour at times Rain and cold will move , hitting the East Coast Monday
Cairo  CNN  -- Uncertainty ruled in Egypt Wednesday as the Muslim holy month of Ramadan began and the military said it would address the issues of this week 's deadly violence . It was n't clear whether the religious observance would calm or inflame tensions a week after a military coup . The military , which ousted President Mohamed Morsy from office last week , said that 206 people who had been detained Monday during deadly clashes with security forces face charges of manslaughter , voluntary manslaughter , acts of violence and illegal possession of firearms . The suspects will remain in police custody for another 15 days while investigations into their actions continue . More than 600 people in all were detained Monday . The announcement comes as the military seeks to portray itself as a stabilizing force in the splintering nation . The question remains : Who 's on board ? Not the Muslim Brotherhood , according to the group 's high official of religious law . Grand Mufti Abdulruhman Albir told the Reuters news agency that he does not recognize the authority of the nation 's interim president and will not negotiate until Morsy regains power . What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? "  Therefore , there is no need to speak about any decrees , because they were issued by people without authority , " Albir said . That 's a direct reference to Interim President Adly Mansour , who has issued a constitutional declaration giving himself limited power to make laws and outlined a timetable for parliamentary and presidential elections , according to state media . The grand mufti 's position is important because the Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing , the Freedom and Justice Party , won the most seats in parliamentary elections . Morsy was elected president under the Freedom and Justice Party banner . On Wednesday , prosecutors issued arrest warrants for the Brotherhood 's chairman , Mohammad Badei , and for the vice chairman of the Freedom and Justice Party , Esam El Arian , state-run Nile TV reported . The Egyptian government said Wednesday that Morsy -- arrested last week during his ouster -- was in a safe place , and that no charges have been filed against him . "  He is not free to go around , but he 's treated very well , " acting Foreign Minister Mohammed Kamel Amr told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  And you understand that this is also for his own safety . " ` Nail in coffin ' for Arab Spring ? Experts predict Egypt 's future Interim government begins to take shape Filling other key roles are Hazem El-Beblawi , a liberal economist who was finance minister and deputy prime minister , who will serve as the interim prime minister , and Mohamed ElBaradei , the Nobel Peace Prize-winning diplomat , who will serve as interim vice president , the fledgling government said . MENA , Egypt 's official news agency , also reported that cabinet posts will be offered to the Freedom and Justice Party , as well as to the Salafist al-Nour Party . But their participation seems questionable with the Muslim Brotherhood not recognizing the interim government and al-Nour -- which supported Morsy 's ouster -- withdrawing from the talks to form an interim government after this week 's deadly confrontation between the military and Morsy supporters . Fifty-one people died in the clashes outside Republican Guard headquarters . The military has promised to investigate . Muslim Brotherhood spokesman Ali Ahmed said that even if invited , it could not participate in the interim government . "  More than 700 of our members have been arrested , broadcasters have been shut down , and people killed in front of the Republican Guard , " he said . "  It is impossible to speak under the current circumstances . There is no way to have negotiations . " ElBaradei : Morsy 's ouster was needed so Egypt can not ` fail ' Money pours in Even as the interim government struggled to unify political support at home , it picked up the financial support of some regional heavyweights -- neither are fans of the Muslim Brotherhood . Saudi Arabia 's finance minister said the kingdom has pledged $ 5 billion in grants and loans to the interim government , according to the official Saudi news agency SAPA . And the United Arab Emirates will give $ 1 billion to Egypt and lend it another $ 2 billion as an interest-free central bank deposit , state news agency WAM reported Tuesday . Washington 's support Adly Mansour : Interim president , veteran judge , mystery man For now , the United States continues to support Egypt financially . The White House has refused to describe as a coup the military 's ouster of Morsy , who was reportedly being held under arrest at the Republican Guard headquarters . Doing so would require the United States to suspend its $ 1.3 billion in annual military aid to Egypt . When is a coup not a coup ? It is in the interest of the United States and the Egyptian people "  in their transition to democracy to take the time necessary to evaluate the situation before making such a determination , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday . But he added that U.S. officials were "  cautiously encouraged " that the interim government 's plan "  includes a return to democratically elected government that includes presidential and parliamentary elections . " In response to a question , State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki told reporters that , "  broadly speaking , " the administration still believes that continuing military aid is a U.S. national security priority . But Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , has called for a suspension of military aid to Egypt . 8 issues Egypt is facing CNN 's Reza Sayah reported from Cairo . Ed Payne reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : More than 200 people detained during clashes face charges Reports : Cabinet posts will be offered to the Muslim Brotherhood and Salafists A presidential declaration by Adly Mansour would grant him limited legislative powers The declaration outlines a timetable for parliamentary and presidential elections
CNN  -- Vito Maggiolo , an assignment editor in Washington who has been with CNN since the network started in 1980 , was sent to Beijing in the spring of 1989 to help cover the historic visit of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to China -- like everyone else who was sent to Beijing . Vito Maggiolo  right  argued that a letter requiring CNN to stop broadcasting did not have the correct seal , or "  chop . " "  All of us went to China prepared for and expecting to cover what for us was a fairly routine , scheduled , structured event , " said Maggiolo . "  Then we had this whole event in the square materialize and suddenly ... we found ourselves covering a mini-revolution . " Maggiolo missed the actual crackdown -- his visa had expired so he was pulled out a few days before June 4 -- but what he 'll always be remembered for , he says , is his last-ditch role in the confrontation between CNN and the Chinese authorities that ended with the Chinese halting CNN 's live transmission on the morning of May 20 . Alec Miran , the special events producer for the Gorbachev visit , had been negotiating with the Chinese to try to stay on the air . The entire debate between Miran and the Chinese officials in CNN 's control room , filmed by a CNN production person with a handycam , was broadcast live on the network . "  It was riveting television , " Maggiolo said . Watch the debate between Marin and the Chinese officials in CNN 's control room . " "  Miran was telling them that we had a document that said we could transmit until such and such a time , " Maggiolo recalls . "  He was saying that if that had changed , we needed a new document saying that . The Chinese officials then handwrote the notice on a yellow legal pad . " Then an ABC producer came in , Maggiolo recalls , and read and translated the document . "  He read this document and then there was this moment of silence , " Maggiolo said . "  It was then that I chimed in . ` Excuse me , I said , but this does n't have an official chop on it . China was extremely bureaucratic then . They lived and died by the chop . I was just trying to use their own bureaucracy against them to try and slow things down . " Maggiolo 's so-called "  chop challenge " brought another brief moment of silence before one of the Chinese officials said the document did n't need a chop because it had his signature on it . Watch Maggiolo 's "  chop challenge " to the Chinese authorities " "  It turned out to be a futile effort , " says Maggiolo , "  but I gave it the old college try . " "  That was my 15 seconds of fame , " he says . "  A lot of people who know me remember that -- that I challenged the Chinese . "  Watch the so-called "  chop challenge " to Chinese officials .  See photos of the CNN team in Tiananmen Square in 1989 " Just a few days later , on June 4 , Maggiolo was back in Washington at a D.C. firehouse , where he volunteered , shooting video for the fire and emergency service there . "  We were watching events on television , " he said . "  My heart was just pounding . I knew we had people in the square . " "  I was anguished , " Maggiolo said . "  I just wanted very much to have still been there . " Vito Maggiolo still works as an assignment editor in CNN 's Washington bureau . Daniela Deane was a chief sub-editor at the Reuters news agency in Hong Kong during the Tiananmen crisis	Vito Maggiolo was sent to Beijing to help cover Mikhail Gorbachev 's visit to China "  We found ourselves covering a mini-revolution , " he said When Chinese officials tried to stop CNN broadcasting , he challenged them He argued , without success , that the letter did not have the correct "  chop " or seal
Washington  CNN  -- The militant group Hezbollah is actively plotting with the opposition in Bahrain to overthrow the country 's ruling family , the government said in a confidential report to the United Nations . "  Evidence confirms that Bahraini elements are being trained in Hezbollah camps specifically established to train assets from the Gulf , " the report reads . Bahrain has long made claims that Iran and Hezbollah have sought to fuel instability in the nation . In the report sent to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , Bahrain 's government claims that Iranian-backed Hezbollah has been training opposition figures at its camps in Lebanon and Iran in an effort to destabilize the Khalifa monarchy . The report also says the militant group has trained militants for activities in neighboring Gulf countries , according to diplomats who have reviewed it . The government report urges the United Nations to curb Iran and Hezbollah 's interference in the country . Both Iran and Hezbollah have previously denied involvement in the protests . The Bahraini government has launched a violent crackdown against the protesters , and Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have deployed troops to Bahrain to support the regime . The report details meetings between Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah and other senior officials of the group with members of Shiite organizations in Bahrain , such as Wefaq , one of the country 's major opposition parties , and the banned Haq group . In the report , Bahrain alleges that Shiite groups coordinated political strategy inside the country and used Hezbollah 's television channel , Al-Manar , to mobilize opposition protests . Abdul-Jalil Khalil , a Wefaq member of parliament , denied the claims . "  We believe the problem is a political issue and an internal issue , and we have no support from the outside , " he said , adding that Wefaq has no formal or informal relationship with Hezbollah and does not use Al-Manar to aid the movement . "  The movement is a peaceful movement , " according to Khalil , who said Wefaq is interested in serious political reform and not in overthrowing the ruling family . Hassan Mushaimaa , the secretary-general of Haq , has been detained and was unavailable to comment on the report . Bahrain 's ruling Khalifa family is Sunni Muslim , but about two-thirds of the country 's people are Shiite . The State Department has said it believes that Iran 's role in Bahrain has been minimal and that the protests in Bahrain were the product of home-grown frustrations of the country 's Shiites , who want greater economic and political participation . A U.S. official said Iran would "  like to meddle if it could , " but there is "  no evidence they 've been able to do much . " The opposition in Bahrain is huge , and the protests began without Iranian organization or involvement , the official said . Iran has contact with some in Bahrain and might give "  some advice , " but that 's all , the official said . The Obama administration has criticized the Bahraini crackdown and called for the government to enter political dialogue with the opposition . CNN 's Jenifer Fenton and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	Opposition denies claims of outside help Iranian-backed Hezbollah has been training opposition figures , report claims Report details meetings between Hezbollah senior officials , Shiite opposition groups Bahrain 's ruling Khalifa family is Sunni Muslim ; two-thirds of the country is Shiite
CNN  -- These days , purveyors of luxury can go beyond owning , eating or imbibing their favorite brand ; they can live it . No longer content with selling a mere fraction of the lifestyle experience , an increasing number of high-end luxury companies have decided to open hotels , where their clients can eat , sleep and breathe the brand around the clock . Nobu Hospitality is the most recent company to join the fray . It 's the organization behind global Japanese restaurant chain Nobu , and it started taking reservations this past October for the first ever Nobu Hotel , set to open within Caesars Palace in Las Vegas come January 2013 . Soon to follow are locations in Riyadh , London , Bahrain and the Caribbean . Food will naturally be a key focus ; the Vegas hotel will host the company 's largest restaurant , at 12,000 square feet . The Nobu menu will be available from room service 24/7 , and the kitchen  open for breakfast and lunch  will offer more products , including green tea waffles and a Japanese take on bagels and lox . Mainly , though , the hotel is about increasing the company 's reach . "  Anybody who walks into a Nobu restaurant , we want to convert for ourselves , " says Trevor Horwell , chief executive at Nobu Hospitality . "  Once we open , we want it to go the other way around too . " Read related : Business or pleasure ? Luxury hotels offer day-only rooms Horwell says the plan to break into the hotel industry was born simply of the fact that in many of the other hotel chains that boast a Nobu , the restaurant is a major draw . "  We realized we were building other hotels ' brands , when what we should be doing is building our own , " he says . Hotels have become big business for luxury brands of late . Armani , Baccarat , Bulgari and Missoni have all made the transition to an industry that nominally , it would seem they know little about . "  Hotels are a great way to showcase the design identity of a brand , and to project a lifestyle that goes beyond products , " notes Silvio Ursini , the executive vice president of Bulgari Hotels & Resorts . Bulgari Hotels mimics the exclusivity of its design brand by limiting its room count . It reminds guests of its history by showcasing a mix of contemporary and classic Italian architecture , and by using vintage Bulgari designs to inspire some of the textiles and furnishings . Guests receive a more direct reminder of the brand inside their rooms , which each carry a Bulgari catalog . Still , Ursini admits , "  hotels are a very different and complicated business . " It helps , of course , to be partnered to a larger hotel chain . Bulgari Hotels and Resorts is a joint venture between Bulgari and the luxury division of Marriott International . Bulgari opened its first hotel in Milan in 2004 and now also has branches in Tokyo , Bali and , as of last summer , London . Read related : Marriott mogul on 55 years of change Similarly , Armani , which has literally taken the concept to new heights by opening its flagship hotel in Dubai 's towering Burj Khalifa  the tallest building on earth  , has partnered with Emirates-based Emaar Properties . "  When Mohamed Alabbar -LSB- chairman of Emaar Properties -RSB- introduced the idea to Giorgio Armani in 2005 , it immediately attracted his interest , as it offered him a genuine challenge , " recalls Jason Harding , the regional general manager at Armani Hotel Dubai . "  A hotel is an entity that goes beyond the confines of fashion . It 's something that will endure over time . " Like its competitors , Armani touts that hotels give them a better base from which to truly sell a lifestyle . "  In our hotels we offer something that in its own way equates perfectly with the spirit of Armani 's clothes , " says Harding . "  It is an approach to life : comfort , functionality , and aesthetics , all in perfect harmony . " The hotel even goes so far as to assign each guest their very own "  lifestyle manager , " a position that is best described as an Armani-clad personal concierge . Read related : 6 incredible luxury hotels in the Middle East Opening a high-end luxury hotel chain during a worldwide recession may seem like risky business -- especially as rooms do n't come cheap : rates at Nobu are upwards of $ 249 a night , Armani doubles start at $ 570 , while the Bulgari London charges $ 700 for a double room . Occupancy rates , however , have been high , according to the hoteliers . Bulgari London says it has been fully booked most nights since opening , while Armani has quoted its levels as "  healthy . " It 's a bit early to say for Nobu , which has only just started taking reservations , but so far , it is optimistic . Brand recognition , they all agree , is key in bringing in the bookings . "  Bulgari 's name is evocative of uncompromising luxury , " says Ursini . "  It is definitively shaping the customers ' choice . "	An increasing number of high-end luxury companies are opening hotels Restaurant brand Nobu is set to open its first hotel in Caesars Palace casino , Las Vegas Armani , Baccarat , Bulgari and Missoni have all transitioned to hotels
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia has been fined $ 70 for allegedly rear-ending an automobile in a minor four-car collision , a United States Park Police spokesman confirmed Wednesday . Scalia was not injured in the accident , which occurred Tuesday when the 75-year-old high court justice 's car rear-ended another vehicle on the George Washington Memorial Parkway in suburban Virginia , according to Sgt. David Schlosser of the Park Police . The narrow and winding four-lane divided parkway travels along the Potomac River past the nation 's capital , and is popular among both commuters and tourists . Scalia was driving himself to work when the accident occurred . He was charged with being at fault for the fender-bender by the investigating officer , Schlosser said . It was not known whether Scalia will pay or contest the fine . The accident did n't prevent Scalia from arriving at court on time Tuesday . Scalia was on hand when oral arguments began at 10 a.m. Tuesday in one of the biggest cases of the term , a discrimination claim by female workers against Wal-Mart Stores . The case has the potential of becoming the largest class-action lawsuit in U.S. history . No public mention was made of the accident , and Scalia , as usual , was an active questioner from the bench . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report	Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is fined $ 70 after a traffic accident Scalia found at fault in four-car collision No one was injured
CNN  -- Reporters Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward relied on FBI insider W. Mark Felt as a reliable but anonymous source for their stories on the Watergate scandal that led to President Richard Nixon 's resignation in 1974 . Carl Bernstein says "  Deep Throat 's " information on Watergate was "  absolutely invaluable . " Felt , referred to as "  Deep Throat " in the Washington Post stories and in Woodward and Bernstein 's book "  All the President 's Men , " died Thursday in California at 95 . He revealed his identity for the first time in 2005 . Bernstein never met Felt until this year , but praised his courage during an interview Friday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " AM : What are your thoughts on the occasion of Mark Felt 's death ? Bernstein : I think it 's a little emotional , even though he was 95 years old . He was integral to our coverage . He was one of many sources in Watergate who had both the intelligence and the courage to tell the truth . And in his own organization he was one of the few , and he was near the top . What his information enabled us to do was to confirm stories that we had really obtained elsewhere , more than anything else , rather than give us that much primary information . But it was invaluable , and he performed a great act of courage and national service . Watch a video obituary of W. Mark Felt " AM : The way that he was portrayed by Hal Holbrook in "  All the President 's Men " was he would give your partner Bob Woodward a little bit of a tease and say , "  I 'm not going to tell you anything more than that ; you 've got to follow the trail . " Was that an accurate portrayal ? Bernstein : Yeah . Yeah , that 's what we did . But his knowledge gave us a grounding and assurance that we were right in what we were saying and reporting . -LSB- He gave us -RSB- a certainty in a situation where you had the leader of the free world attacking the press every day , making our conduct -- Woodward 's , myself 's , the Washington Post 's -- the issue in Watergate rather than the conduct of the president and his men . So I think Mark Felt 's confirming this information  and occasionally he gave us some important information that we had n't obtained , toward the end , elsewhere  , it was absolutely invaluable . AM : It was always Bob Woodward 's intention to keep the identity of Deep Throat secret until the occasion of Mark Felt 's death . Bernstein : Well , we both kept it . I knew who he was . The two of us knew . AM : Was it a surprise when it came out in 2005 ? Bernstein : To both of us . It was a total surprise , even though I 'm a contributing editor at Vanity Fair magazine and they disclosed it . They scooped everybody on that one . Yeah , we were surprised . Bob and I went out to San Francisco a few weeks ago ; we had a speech out there . And we went to see Mark Felt , and we had a kind of wonderful couple of hours with him . He knew we were coming ; he was looking forward to it . But he had been very ill , and it was a kind of closing of the circle , and it was a wonderful experience . AM : Was that the first time you had met him in person . Bernstein : First time I had met him , yes . Bob had met him as a young ensign in the Navy , when he was a messenger at the Pentagon and had renewed the acquaintance . AM : So what did you think of him when you met him ? Bernstein : First of all , I was aware that he was 95 years old and in the last stages of his life . But I was amazed at his relative vigor given the fact that he had been quite ill . I was also surprised that there were some moments of clarity , because he had dementia . AM : His family , when the news came out in 2005 , declared him to be an American hero . Would you agree ? Bernstein : Obviously he is . Look , Watergate was a constitutional crisis in a criminal presidency . And he had the guts to say , "  Wait . The Constitution is more important in this situation than a president of the United States who breaks the law . " It 's an important lesson , I think , for the country and for people in our business , as well .	Watergate reporter Bernstein knew who Mark Felt was ; only Woodward contacted him Important source for scandal story died Thursday at age 95 Bernstein : Felt "  performed a great act of courage and national service "
CNN  -- Among the familiar faces in Woody Allen 's new film "  Blue Jasmine " is one less familiar these days , someone who has n't been seen on the big screen in 12 years : Andrew Dice Clay . In the role of Sally Hawkins ' blue collar ex-husband , the crass comedian 's appearance might be a surprise to some , especially with his character 's vanity-free gray hair . "  You know what ? I 'm not 20 years old anymore ! " Clay said with a laugh . "  I do color my hair , and they did enhance the gray , but I was like , ` Oh , man ! ' " Allen rediscovered Clay along with the rest of America when the Diceman played a version of himself as a comic looking for a comeback in a five-episode arc on "  Entourage . " Coincidentally , it triggered his own comeback , which Clay prefers to call "  a resurgence . " "  It 's an unbelievable thing to me , " he said . "  I 've always had belief in myself , belief that I could come back , and I 've always sort of marched to the beat of my own drum , but to get this movie and to work with all these people -- Cate Blanchett , Alec Baldwin , Sally Hawkins -- some of the greats , I 'm nothing but humbled by this experience . " These days , Clay knows from humble . Three years ago , "  during the recession , " he was down on his luck and in need of cash , so he headed to Las Vegas to try to his luck at blackjack . "  It was a tough time , " he said . "  Desperate times call for desperate measures . " During his gambling spree , Clay earned a little over a million dollars , but it was easy come , easy go . "  After I took care of some bills and bought some cars , I lost most of it , " he said . "  I call it the summer of ` The Hangover , ' because it was just a party . " By the end of that summer , Clay was broke again .  It 's a scenario that proved helpful for his "  Blue Jasmine " character , Augie , who won $ 200,000 in a lottery , only to lose it all in an ill-advised investment . Strangely enough , "  that whole thing led to ` Entourage , ' " Clay said . While lamenting his lack of funds with his son at a local Starbucks , the comedian ran into an old friend , who connected him with a mutual friend the very next day : "  Entourage " creator Doug Ellin . And with the extended arc Ellin gave him , Clay was once again in demand . "  I was like , ` You know what ? I 'll just rebuild my standup career , ' " Clay said . A Showtime comedy special followed , along with a residency at the Hard Rock in Las Vegas . "  And through all this , I get the call that Woody Allen wants to meet with me , " he said . "  I thought my manager was messing with me ! " Clay met with Allen on Park Avenue -- a location seen and cited in "  Blue Jasmine " as the most desirable of New York addresses , one that means wealth , class and elegance to the titular and very status-conscious character Jasmine  played by Blanchett  . "  We spoke about comedy , where we both started out , where we both grew up " in Brooklyn , Clay said of his meeting with the director . "  And I could n't believe it . He 's one of the people in Hollywood I have a lot of respect for , because he 's done movies that have made me laugh , ` Broadway Danny Rose ' being one of my favorites . " Allen explained that he wanted the comedian/actor to do something meaty for him . Up until now , Clay had a spotty film career , the highlights being a cameo as Jon Cryer 's friendly bouncer in 1986 's "  Pretty in Pink , " a part as Lea Thompson 's macho suitor in the 1988 raunchy comedy "  Casual Sex ? " and a starring role in 1990 's "  The Adventures of Ford Fairlane . " Usually , his character was an extension of his on-stage persona , the Diceman  called the Vin Man in "  Casual Sex ? "  . "  I refer to that persona as a brick wall , " Clay said . "  Nothing bothers Dice . Nothing . If Dice breaks up with a girl at 8 p.m. , another one will be coming over at 8:10 . " That persona was popular in films for a bit : "  Casual Sex ? " reshot the ending to give him a happy ending with Thompson 's character , Clay said , "  because audiences wanted more of the Vin Man . " But "  Ford Fairlane " was a critical and commercial bomb , and Clay 's movie career never quite recovered . Allen did n't care . After watching him on "  Entourage , " he thought Clay would be perfect for the role of Augie  for which he originally considered Louis C.K. , until he decided he was "  too nice " and gave him a different role  . At the beginning of "  Blue Jasmine , " we 're told that Augie and Ginger  Hawkins ' character  are divorced and that he used to hit her . But even in flashbacks of their marriage , he 's not violent . "  Woody told me , ` Well , you know , he gets drunk ; maybe he smacks his wife around a little , ' " Clay said . "  And then I read the lines , and the lines did n't really match up to that . He seemed like a regular guy who want to take care of his family , who wants the best for his family , and the guy is just crushed . " Clay wonders whether Allen told him that his character was a brute to get his mind "  in a certain place " and if that was part of the director 's method . "  Whatever it was , it did the trick , " he said . With that direction , he was able to find hidden depths to Augie and do something he felt he 'd "  never approached before on film , " which was play "  a real human being , a full person , " essentially , to act . "  It was kind of thrilling , " the comic said . To help his character 's antagonism toward his sister-in-law , Jasmine , she of the ill advice that caused him to lose his money and his marriage , Clay drew upon his relationships with his former Beverly Hills neighbors . "  Oh , they hated me in Beverly Hills , " he chuckled . "  Once you have a certain reputation , you have problems , and the Brooklyn in me would come out . " If he could do it again , Clay said , he 'd work with Allen "  any day . " "  All he needs to do is call and say , ' I need you on Broadway and 42nd Street tomorrow , ' and I 'm there , " Clay said . "  That 's how great I think he is . " In the meantime , Clay hopes to recruit some actors himself . He 's looking for someone to play him in the film adaptation of his upcoming memoir , "  The Filthy Truth . " Clay said James Franco met with him to discuss the part . "  It was funny to watch , actually , " Clay said . "  By the time he left the room , he was doing an impersonation , not of my stage persona but of the way I am as myself , when I 'm not on stage . " Whoever takes the part , Clay is bracing himself for the surreality of seeing himself on screen in a whole new way . "  It 's weird enough to see myself on screen playing a part ! " he said with a laugh . "  That 's going to be strange . "	Andrew Dice Clay is making a resurgence The comic has a serious role in the film "  Blue Jasmine " Director Woody Allen sought him out after seeing him on "  Entourage "
CNN  -- We 've been nearing the end of the late-fees era for years -- and , thanks to technology , we 're one step closer this week . Amazon just launched a no-fees library loan program for digital books . This shift actually started more than a decade ago with the DVD-rental business . Or , more specifically , when Reed Hastings , now the CEO of Netflix  er , Qwikster ?  , forgot to return a copy of the movie "  Apollo 13 " for six weeks and racked up a $ 40 late fee from a video-rental store . That inspired his DVD-by-mail service , according to a 2006 essay in The New York Times , in which customers pay a monthly fee for the privilege to leave "  Romy and Michele 's High School Reunion " under their couches for as long as they 'd like without financial penalty . Ba-da-bing . No more late fees .  Customers still gripe about Netflix 's prices , though  . Now , books are the next frontier . Sure , there have been previous no-tech attempts to waive library fees . Some book-loaners have programs called "  Amnesty Week , " in which good-willed librarians let anyone return an overdue book -- no questions asked . Last year , someone brought a 35-years-overdue book back to a library during one of these events . The fine otherwise would have been $ 1,400 , according to Time . In other cases , the fees to be charged were so hefty that libraries just decide to give up . In Oakland , Jim Pavon returned a 78-years-overdue copy of a Rudyard Kipling book , according to a 2005 story in The San Francisco Chronicle . "  Stunned library officials agreed to waive the late fees , " the paper says , "  which under the 1927 rate of 2 cents per day would have amounted to more than $ 550 by now . " Digital books allow for a different approach . Instead of charging owners for overdue e-books , the files just lock up on the borrower 's e-book reader or smartphone . "  E-books automatically expire , " said David Burleigh , a spokesman for a company called OverDrive , which is managing this library book-loaning program for Amazon and has apps that work for other e-reading platforms . "  So that definitely is a benefit from borrowing e-books . And you do n't have to go back and forth to the library . You can do it remotely . " That 's good for forgetful types , who can stash books away from weeks or decades before remembering they 've borrowed them . And it 's good for libraries , too , since they can loan these books out again right away -- rather than waiting for them to be returned . "  It 's fantastic , " said Carrie Russell , director of the American Library Association 's program on public access to information . The fact that libraries do n't charge late fees on overdue e-books is n't a big deal , she said . "  Having been a librarian , the libraries do n't really rely on late fees as a big budget boost , " she said . "  It 's negligible . It does n't matter to us if we do n't collect late fees . We 'd rather the information gets out to people . " Most digital book "  rentals " last for two weeks . Libraries purchases a certain number of licenses for the digital books , and then lend those out to patrons . So it 's not like the library can loan out 1,000 copies of "  The Help " just because that book is popular . That 's a good start , but is based on the "  print model , " Russell said . In the future , she expects new "  Netflix models " for books to emerge , where libraries pay monthly fees to publishers , perhaps , and can lend out as many copies of a book as their patrons would like . Amazon is in talks to do that for consumers , according to The Wall Street Journal . "  Customers would pay an annual fee to access a library of content " under the potential plan , that paper says . The Amazon program is the largest so far , with 11,000 libraries participating , all of those in the United States only . That sounds like a lot , but it 's only 9 % of the libraries in the country , according to data from the American Library Association . The rest of the country may have to keep sweating overdue book fees . But perhaps not for too much longer .	New program lets libraries lend e-books to Kindle users 11,000 libraries in the United States participate There are no late fees for the e-book rentals , but the files lock when they 're overdue Tech has slowly been whittling away at the idea of late fees
Asuncion , Paraguay  CNN  -- Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo underwent prostate surgery early Friday , his spokesman said . The surgery , which was performed at the Italian Hospital in Asuncion , had been scheduled for weeks , spokesman Augusto dos Santos told reporters . The procedure was performed under local anesthesia , the spokesman said . Lugo 's doctor , Nestor Martinez , said the operation was a transurethral resection , a surgery in which an instrument is inserted into the urethra to remove a section of the prostate that is blocking urine flow . Enlarged prostates are common among men as they get older . Lugo is 58 . The surgery involved nine doctors and three nurses and took about an hour , Martinez said at a news conference . Lugo arrived at the hospital at 4 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  , was wheeled into surgery at 5 a.m. and was in the recovery room by 6 a.m. , Martinez said . The Paraguayan president 's office released post-surgery photos of an alert-looking Lugo chatting with doctors and nurses while lying in a hospital bed . Lugo is a former Roman Catholic bishop who has been involved in several paternity controversies in the past year . He is expected to remain in the hospital until Saturday afternoon and then recuperate for three to four days in the presidential residence , spokesman dos Santos said . Lugo will carry on a restricted agenda while recuperating , the spokesman said Journalist Sanie Lopez Garelli contributed to this report .	Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo underwent prostate surgery Friday Lugo will remain in the hospital for a few days and then recuperate in the presidential residency Lugo is a former priest who has been involved in several paternity controversies in past year
Concerns about even remote chances of Ebola exposure rippled Friday from a U.S. airline to a cruise ship off Belize , with Frontier contacting hundreds who flew with an infected nurse and Carnival quarantining a health worker only tangentially linked to an Ebola patient 's care . The airline 's move relates to Amber Vinson , a Dallas nurse who treated an Ebola patient and then was diagnosed with the virus this week after flying round trip between Dallas and Cleveland . A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention official said Thursday she could have had symptoms earlier than believed -- a period possibly covering her two flights on Frontier Airlines . Frontier spokesman Todd Lehmacher said that , by early Friday evening , airline officials had contacted as many as 800 passengers , including those on Vinson 's October 10 flight to Cleveland , her October 13 return flight to Dallas and five other trips taken by the latter plane before it was taken out of service . The CDC , even as it said these passengers have an extremely low chance of getting Ebola , is reaching out to those on Vinson 's flights . Vinson is one of two nurses at Dallas ' Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital who became ill with Ebola while treating Thomas Eric Duncan , a Liberian man who was the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States and died October 8 . She was hospitalized Tuesday , one day after her return flight from Ohio , where she was visiting family and planning her wedding . Vinson was moved Wednesday to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital . The other nurse , Nina Pham , is being treated at a National Institutes of Health facility in Maryland . Authorities initially said Vinson had a slightly elevated temperature of 99.5 degrees Fahrenheit  37.5 Celsius  , which was below the fever threshold for Ebola , but did n't show any Ebola symptoms on her Monday flight . This is significant because a person is n't contagious with Ebola , which spreads through the transmission of bodily fluids , until he or she has symptoms of the disease . Her uncle , Lawrence Vinson , said Thursday night his niece did n't feel sick until the morning after her return to Dallas . And the CDC 's Dr. Chris Braden said Friday that Vinson did n't have classic Ebola symptoms like a sore throat , fever or muscle aches on her trip . But Braden said that she may have started feeling off on October 11 , and investigators could n't rule out her illness starting the previous day -- when she flew from Texas to Ohio . "  She rested for a long time on some days ; she said she felt funny , " he said of Vinson 's state during her trip . "  Those types of things , but nothing specific . " Ebola in U.S. : Who has it , who does n't , who might Belize refuses to let possible Ebola case disembark The Frontier passengers and crew members are n't the only ones to find themselves thrust into the Ebola story . So , too , are 16 people being monitored in northeast Ohio -- including two employees at a bridal store Vinson visited -- because they were in the vicinity of or had contact with her , health officials there say . There also are 48 people who had contact with Duncan in Texas before he was hospitalized . Their 21-day monitoring period , during which their movement has been restricted , will end Sunday , at the latest . "  Monday afternoon is when we 're going to start piecing our lives together , " Aaron Yah said . Yah said he is the husband of Youngor Jallah , the daughter of Duncan 's fiancee . Yah said he had n't been able to go to work the past three weeks . Then there are the 76 health care workers involved in Duncan 's treatment , one of whom is now in the middle of the Gulf of Mexico and a diplomatic kerfuffle . That Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital worker did not have direct contact with Duncan , but "  may have had contact with his specimen , " the U.S. State Department said on Friday . It has been 19 days since that may have happened -- two days shy of the maximum 21-day Ebola incubation period . Carnival CEO Arnold Donald told CNN 's Richard Quest the woman is a lab supervisor and "  has no symptoms whatsoever . " Even so , she was isolated on the ship . "  We have a lot of experience in the cruise industry , " said Donald , citing diseases such as SARS , H1N1 and the flu . " ... The CDC has protocols in place ; we 're following those protocols . " The vessel is heading back to Galveston , Texas , with the passenger on board . But that 's not what the U.S. government wanted . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said the plan was for the passenger to get on land in Belize , then be flown back to the United States . The Belize government refused to let the passenger leave the ship , given the potential Ebola exposure , despite a plea from U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to Belize Prime Minister Dean Barrow . "  There 's a lot of misinformation out there and a lot of fear about this disease , much of it not rooted in actual facts , " Harf said , adding that Belize authorities "  could have handled  this situation  differently . " Belize 's government responded Friday night , in a statement in which it also announced it is barring travel from Sierra Leone , Liberia , Guinea and Nigeria , by saying it "  regrets  being  unable to move " the Dallas hospital worker "  and her traveling companion " onshore for evacuation from an international airport . "  This decision was made out of preponderance of caution for the welfare of the citizens and residents of Belize , " said the government , which did n't dispute that the passenger was low risk . Nurse : My neck was exposed All but a few of the thousands of documented Ebola cases originated in West Africa . Yet it 's the two cases that spread here -- Vinson and Pham -- that have caused a fury in Texas , fueling fears and complaints about the procedures meant to keep health care workers safe . One of those affected is Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital nurse Briana Aguirre . She said Thursday that the Dallas hospital did n't give her proper gear while she cared for Pham , even though it was more than a week into the Ebola response there . Aguirre told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that the gear she was given -- when she cared for Pham for one day -- included a Tyvex suit , gloves and booties that covered most of her body , but not her neck . "  I just told them , ` Why would an area so close to my mouth and my nose ... be exposed ? ' " Aguirre told Cooper . "  And they did n't have an answer . " She said she asked supervisors about new gear and was told it had been ordered . But she said the better equipment should have been procured more quickly , and raised concerns for her colleagues who were more involved in Ebola care . "  I just know that the  two  nurses that have been infected , they were dealing with the same equipment while they were dealing with so much more than I dealt with personally , " she said . "  They put their lives on the line and without the proper equipment . " She also said that prior to Duncan 's arrival in late September , nurses at the hospital had no mandatory Ebola training and only an optional seminar . The hospital has said its professionals wore equipment consistent with CDC guidelines at the time . Dr. Tom Frieden , the CDC 's director , admitted at a congressional hearing Wednesday that "  some forms of " health care workers ' protective equipment "  did allow exposure of some parts of the skin . " Given such concerns and the fact Pham and Vinson got Ebola at work , the CDC "  very soon " will put out updated guidelines on putting on and removing protective gowns , masks , gloves and other gear , agency spokeswoman Barbara Reynolds said Friday . Kerry : ` We have to do more ' in West Africa There have been eight confirmed cases of Ebola in the United States : Duncan , three missionaries , an NBC News freelance cameraman and a World Health Organization doctor infected in Africa , plus the two Texas nurses . The missionaries have all been released from hospitals , while the others are being cared for at Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital , Nebraska Medical Center and the National Institutes of Health hospital in suburban Washington . U.S. authorities ' response goes well beyond providing medical care . Federal , state and local governments , Customs and Border Protection , various health agencies and even the U.S. military have all played a part in the response so far . Thousands of American troops will help in West Africa , performing duties such as flying in supplies , building field hospitals and helping local authorities with logistics . Several U.S. military officials told CNN on Friday that the Defense Department is considering sending anywhere from a dozen to 100 of its health care professionals to help CDC officials in the region . The Obama administration also will appoint Ron Klain -- former chief of staff to Vice Presidents Joe Biden and Al Gore -- as his "  Ebola czar " in an effort to help streamline America 's response . There 's also a press to recruit other countries to devote their own resources and money to help stem the months-long outbreak in West Africa , where all but a few of the roughly 9,200 reported Ebola cases and 4,555 deaths have occurred , according to the World Health Organization . Kerry , the U.S. secretary of state , expressed disappointment Friday in the international response , saying "  we are barely one-third of the way " to hitting the United Nations ' $ 1 billion fundraising goal for the Ebola fight . "  We have to do more and we have to do it quickly , " Kerry said . " ... If we do n't adequately address this current outbreak now , then Ebola has the potential to become a scourge like HIV or polio that we will end up fighting -- all of us -- for decades . "	Belize : Passenger with Ebola link not let in "  out of preponderance of caution " Kerry calls Belize 's leader to ask if cruise passenger can disembark , is rebuffed 2 Dallas nurses contracted Ebola while caring for patient Thomas Eric Duncan Spokesman : Frontier done contacting up to 800 on flights linked to one nurse
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  The email of the species is deadlier than the mail . " So wrote the British actor and novelist Stephen Fry . Is the electronic age throwing sand in the face of the traditional postcard ? Tell CNN Business Traveller what you think in the Sound Off box below . Yet , we book our holidays online , we check in online , and , now we even write about our travels online -- emails and blogs packed with photos , video clips and every conceivable detail of our travels . Where does this online explosion leave the humble postcard ? In the "  good old days " we sat and crafted our cards . Saucy for the colleagues at work , respectful to the relatives , begrudging to the next door neighbor . And always : How to write as much as possible in the tiny white square without spreading over in to the address section . And hoping the postman back home would n't mind the paella stains all over the address . Many of us still value the traditional postcard . According to the Royal Mail , which runs Britain 's postal service , postcards are more popular today than they were five years ago . The service says it processes around 135 million postcards every year , 30 million more than in 2003 . But it 's a fact that some people do sniff at snail mail tales from the tropics . Why bother waiting when sending texts with pictures , video , emails by Blackberry will rub in the fact that "  We 're on Holiday and You 're Not ! " with greater immediacy . Send us your comments : Do you still enjoy sending and receiving postcards or do you feel they are out of date and inconvenient in today 's electronic age ? When did you last send a postcard and who to ? Leave a comment below to let us know what you think and we will publish the best on the CNN Business Traveller Web site .	"  CNN Business Traveller " wants to know if you still send postcards Or is it just easier and faster to send and email or write a blog entry ? Leave a comment to tell us what you think , and we will publish the best
CNN  -- North Korea twice came back from behind to hold Greece 2-2 in a friendly between two sides heading to the World Cup next month , while fellow finalists Paraguay lost 2-1 to the Republic of Ireland . In a match played at a neutral venue in Altach , Austria , Costas Katsouranis gave Greece the lead in the second minute with a close-range finish . The Koreans leveled when Jong Tae-se beat two players and fired a shot past goalkeeper Michalis Sifakis . Angelos Charisteas came off the bench to put the Greeks 2-1 in front shortly after half-time but , three minutes later , Jong raced down the right flank , cut inside and slammed home his second . Greece substitute goalkeeper Alexandros Tzorvas had to be at his sharpest to keep out a powerful shot from Cha Jong-hyok that could have won the game for the Asian side . In Dublin , first-half goals from Kevin Doyle and Liam Lawrence helped Ireland to victory over the South Americans . Wolves striker Doyle bundled the opener after Paraguay forward Roque Santa Cruz had headed against his own bar . Lawrence smashed home the second in the 39th minute following a chest down from Doyle . Lucas Barrios pulled a goal back on his Paraguay debut but Giovanni Trapattoni 's men held on for victory . The Paraguayans are in the same group as defending champions Italy , New Zealand and Slovakia at the World Cup . Elsewhere , there were disappointing results for two of the African qualifiers as Cameroon drew 0-0 with Georgia and Nigeria tied 0-0 with Saudi Arabia .	North Korea draw 2-2 with fellow World Cup finalists Greece in Austria World Cup finalists Paraguay suffer 2-1 defeat to the Republic of Ireland in Dublin Cameroon and Nigeria fail to score in draws with Georgia and Saudi Arabia
CNN  -- Faced with a sex scandal in his ranks , the chief of Australia 's army delivered a blunt message to his troops : Treat your female comrades properly or "  get out . " Lt. Gen. David Morrison announced last week that three soldiers had been suspended and he was weighing action against five others implicated in the distribution of videos he called " demeaning , explicit and profane . " In a follow-up statement posted on the service 's YouTube page , Morrison told soldiers that female troops "  are vital to us maintaining our capability now and into the future . " "  If that does not suit you , then get out , " he said . "  You may find another employer where your attitude and behavior is acceptable , but I doubt it . The same goes for those who think that toughness is built on humiliating others . " Australian women began serving in auxiliary units and as nurses in the early 20th century and were integrated into the armed services in noncombat units in the 1970s and '80s . They were allowed to join combat units in 2011 , and female troops "  have proven themselves worthy of the best traditions of the Australian army , " Morrison said . "  No one has ever explained to me how the exploitation or degradation of others enhances capability or honors the traditions of the Australian army , " he said in his message to the troops . "  I will be ruthless in ridding the army of people who can not live up to its values , and I need every one of you to support me in achieving this . " Australian news outlets reported last week that at least 17 soldiers circulated video of themselves having sex with women . The videos were shared without the women 's knowledge . Some of the material was distributed over military computer networks , and those under investigation include a lieutenant colonel and a major , Morrison told reporters on Thursday . The distribution dates back to 2010 , and another 90 people "  may have been on the periphery " of the group 's e-mail exchanges , he said . Military investigators and the New South Wales state police are conducting the probe , and Morrison said he had apologized to some of the women involved . Daughters and moms now consider rape before applying to military	Lt. Gen. David Morrison says sex scandal hurts Australia 's army Women are "  vital " to the army , he says ; if you do n't like it , "  Get out " Morrison says he 'll be "  ruthless " in rooting out offenders
CNN Student News  -- October 3 , 2013 In Thursday 's program , we hear from some of the key players involved in the debate over the partial U.S. government shutdown . We also dig into the details of Roman-era skulls found in London , and we hear about the conservation efforts some students are making near the Chesapeake Bay . Plus , we meet a shark attack victim whose bionic leg is designed to act more like muscle than metal . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What messages might an audience get from reports about young people who are active in conservation efforts ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects from today 's show : 1 . empire 2 . conservation 3 . prosthesis Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Who are the current leaders of the U.S. House of Representatives and the Senate ? How do each of these leaders feel about the federal government shutdown ? 2 . What did the students in the video do to restore the stream ? How should the log deflector help improve the health of the stream ? 3 . Describe how the bionic leg in the video mimics what a healthy leg can do . According to the report , how is this bionic leg different from most other prostheses that are currently available ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think that President Obama chose to invite congressional leaders to meet with him at the White House ? If you were an invited representative or senator from your state , what might you be thinking as you attended this meeting ? 2 . What do you think can be learned by examining the remains of ancient civilizations ? 3 . Are you aware of any instances of robotics being used to improve people 's medical quality of life ? If so , how ? Can you think of any drawbacks to this use of technology ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Washington , D.C. Europe London FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A man "  holding 2 big knifes " was captured by police after trying to break into Paris Hilton 's Los Angeles , California , home Tuesday morning , Hilton said in a Twitter posting . Police responded to a 911 call that someone was breaking into Hilton 's Sherman Oaks home at 6:42 a.m. , Los Angeles Police spokesman Gregory Beak said . Hilton was sleeping early Tuesday when a man with two kitchen knives attempted to enter her home , her publicist said . "  The security cameras and alarm system were alerted and the police immediately came to the house and arrested the intruder who was attempting to break a window when they arrived , " Dawn Miller said . The police spokesman and Hilton 's publicist said no one was injured . "  Paris is naturally shaken by the events but is unharmed and well , " Miller said . "  She is very thankful to her security team and the police for their swift and diligent response . " Hilton alerted fans in a message posted on her Twitter account : "  So Scary , just got woken up to a guy trying to break into my house holding 2 big knifes . Cops are here arresting him . " A man taken into custody near the home was "  awaiting charges " Tuesday morning , Baek said . No one was injured , he said . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report	NEW : Man was trying to break window when police arrived , Hilton 's publicist says Hilton tweeted : "  So Scary " LAPD officers quickly arrested a suspect The suspect is "  awaiting charges , " police say
CNN  -- A new smartphone application allows users to carry out a virtual dissection of a human body . The iPhone app , "  Anatomy Lab , " allows the user to move between 40 body layers to enable dissection . The iPhone app , called "  Anatomy Lab , " has been developed by researchers from the University of Utah and provides images of a real human cadaver . Utah professor Mark Nielsen told CNN that the application is aimed at medical and anatomy students who might not have the opportunity to dissect a real human body , but it 's also proving a hit with medical practitioners . "  A lot of medical professionals , especially in physical therapy and rehabilitative medicine , are using it to educate patients and show them the body parts they 're discussing , " Nielsen told CNN . "  Anatomy Lab " lets the user move between 40 separate body layers , zoom in to view different structures and rotate them to get different view points . It started out as a computer program showing the dissection of a cadaver , beginning with the skin and moving on to subcutaneous tissue , nerves , veins , and muscles . See some of the best health monitoring apps " Nielsen said the iPhone 's touch screen is perfect for the interactive nature of the application . "  The program 's so logically set up for the iPhone -- you can pinch the screen to rotate and enlarge , and tap on things to identify them , " he said . Nielsen 's son , Scott Nielsen , a physics major at the University of Utah , wrote the code for the iPhone version , which has so far sold more than 3,000 copies . The app also comes in a cheaper , scaled-down version called "  My Body , " aimed at the curious amateur . "  Anatomy Lab " is the latest in a line of iPhone apps either aimed at medics , or with health benefits .	"  Anatomy Lab " iPhone app allows users to dissect a virtual cadaver Researchers say app is aimed at medical and anatomy students The app has so far sold more than 3,000 copies , and is a hit with doctors too
CNN  -- Football 's world governing body FIFA have fined the Ivory Coast Football Federation following the crush prior to their World Cup qualifier against Malawi in March that saw 22 supporters killed . A young fan is carried away following the crush that saw 22 supporters lose their lives in Abidjan in March . FIFA imposed a sanction of 50,000 Swiss francs  $ 46,800  and ordered Ivory Coast to limit the attendance of September 's match against Burkina Faso to just 20,000 after concluding their inquiry into the tragedy at the Felix Houphouet-Boigny Stadium in Abidjan . Apart from the fans who lost their lives , another 130 people were injured when a stampede occured 40 minutes before kick-off , amid reports that 36,000 supporters were trying to cram into a stadium which has a capacity of 34,600 . FIFA also announced a donation of $ 96,000 to a fund which has been set up to help the families of the victims . As well as limiting the attendance for the Burkina Faso match , FIFA have imposed a mandatory traffic control cordon , which will be established at least 1km away from the stadium itself . There will also be a spectator control cordon , established between 100 and 200 meters from the stadium , in order to filter the access of fans . "  In the event of any similar incidents , FIFA would have no choice but to impose more severe sanctions on the Ivorian Football Association , " the organization said in a statement . The Ivory Coast government has opened its own investigation into the tragedy .	FIFA have fined Ivory Coast Football Federation 50,000 Swiss francs  $ 46,800 This follows the tragedy in March which saw 22 supporters crushed to death FIFA also impose 20,000 attendance limit at Felix Houphouet-Boigny Stadium
CNN  -- A major winter storm bore down on the Great Plains on Wednesday night with the Minneapolis , Minnesota , area "  right in the teeth " of it , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . "  There 's potential for the northwest part of the city to see an almost record-breaking snow event , " Myers said . The rest of the city could see about a foot of snow , he said . Winds could gusts 40 to 50 miles per hour , creating blizzard-like conditions for hours , he said . The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning for central and southern Minnesota and portions of west-central Wisconsin starting Wednesday night through Christmas . "  Strong north winds will develop , causing widespread blowing and heavy drifting snow , " the Weather Service said . Visibility will be near zero at times . The inclement weather is the second major storm system to hit the United States in a week . Last week , a nor'easter blanketed a swath of the East Coast in snow , forcing the cancellation of hundreds of flights over the weekend . The Weather Service said Wednesday heavy snow will hit central South Dakota . "  Gusty northwest winds " are expected with and "  frigid wind chill readings " across the plains of western South Dakota . In Chicago , Illinois , a mix of rain , ice and snow caused Southwest Airlines to cancel departures for much of Wednesday afternoon before resuming take-offs , according to CNN affiliate WLS-TV in Chicago . "  Well , I 'm disappointed , " stranded traveler Araceli Martinez told WLS . "  Pretty sad we 're going to have to sleep here . " The airline stopped its planes from flying from 1 to 4 p.m. before getting back on schedule , according to WLS . Holiday travelers in the Denver , Colorado , area , left earlier than they planned because of the threat of inclement weather , according to CNN affiliate 7NEWS in Denver . "  We thought maybe we would go tomorrow , but we decided tonight was probably going to be better weather than tomorrow or tomorrow night , " Scott Aldridge , who was traveling from Greeley to Meeker on Tuesday night to spend Christmas with relatives , told 7NEWS . In Texas , a tornado watch was in effect for all of East Texas late Wednesday , according to CNN affiliate KLTV in Tyler , Texas . Kevin Brownlee , public information officer for the Longview , Texas Police Department , said a tornado touched down south of Highway 80 . "  We 've got several businesses there that have sustained major building damage , " he said , including FedEx and Maid-Rite . Although no injuries were reported , Brownlee said , the tornado caused "  high wind damage , some water damage . " The weather caused several road closures because debris and downed power lines , Brownlee said . In addition to isolated tornadoes , scattered thunderstorms were expected to continue throughout the evening with the possibility of large hail stones and wind gusts , KLTV said .	NEW : Tornado rips through Longview , Texas , downing power lines CNN 's Chad Myers says parts of Minneapolis could see "  an almost record-breaking snow event " Heavy snow , "  gusty northwest winds " to hit parts of South Dakota Chicago , Illinois , and Denver , Colorado , also scramble because of weather threat
CNN  -- On Sunday night , as the Curiosity rover descended through the Martian atmosphere and the HiRISE camera on the Reconnaissance Orbiter caught its parachute deploy , the mood in the NASA Control Room became increasingly electric . As the rover touched down on Mars , the nation seemed to catch the fever and excitement . You would have needed a heart of stone not to get at least a little sentimental in seeing the high-fives and emotional embraces of scientists on live television . But was the moment a blip ? Or are Americans rekindling their romance with science after what seemed like a long and tepid stupor ? Americans have always been taken with the adventure of the "  final frontier , " but perhaps this is not enough to explain our intense interest this week in a technological marvel . Mars landing : It could be crazier With the rover so far from the laboratories that hatched it , it took light itself 14 minutes to reach us back on Earth . During that time span , we could not communicate with Curiosity . What if something went wrong ? The waiting seemed like a solar system 's game of chess by mail . The destination only made it more gripping : Mars has been a lodestone for the imagination for at least a century . Percival Lowell 's 1890s views of a Martian civilization frantically irrigating its dying world were at last debunked during the Mariner 4 flyby in 1964 . But hopes of life on Mars continued . In literature , from Ray Bradbury 's Martian Chronicles to Kim Stanley Robinson 's Martian Trilogy , the Red Planet has become the American 's Avalon . Earth loves Mars -- why we 're crushing on the red planet Maybe we saw something deeper in the successful landing of Curiosity . We experienced -- even if vicariously -- a group achieving unambiguous excellence . In a nation where a city like Detroit can nearly collapse , where consensus on important policy issues seems far off , where some of the "  best and brightest " minds of finance have built fragile institutions , how is it possible that a large cast of scientists and engineers can pull off such a remarkable task ? One of the widely reproduced photographs from the NASA Control Room showed a trio of scientists : the clean-cut , the mohawked and the Gandalf-haired â $ " something unthinkable for the NASA of pocket protectors and ties of 50 years ago . Times have surely changed . The Space Age has come of age , and this century has a chance to see us living on Mars . This is also the era when we might finally understand some of the underlying principles of human society . Scientists have long sought to unlock the rules and regularities in the natural world . Likewise , social scientists have long believed in the existence of invisible forces that govern our social world . Aided by today 's nearly limitless computer power , we can learn from the traces we leave behind on how we actually live and behave . We can see not only how traffic jams form and markets crash but how courtrooms are more or less just , how wars have changed and how they might end . While science can not capture the exhilaration of a successful society , or the misery of a failed one , it can show us the properties that underlie them . As scientists , my colleagues and I are inspired every day to put theories of both nature and human kind to the test , in hopes of answering their whys and hows . Rover had ` exciting ride ' So is science cool again ? Those of us in the laboratories , universities and institutes could be forgiven for not knowing it was ever uncool . Topics may fall out of fashion , and some can become political battlegrounds . What the immense interest in Curiosity 's landing shows , however , is that the curiosity that drives all scientific endeavors persists in the nation as a whole . Complete coverage of Mars When a rover millions of miles away can light our hearts , it 's hard to say whether we wanted to know more about Mars , or space colonies , or Earth , or ourselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon DeDeo .	The landing of NASA 's rover Curiosity on Mars generated intense national interest Simon DeDeo : Are Americans rekindling their romance with science ? He says we experienced vicariously a group achieving unambiguous excellence DeDeo : This is also the era when we might grasp underlying principles of human society
CNN  -- Barcelona clinched a third successive Spanish league title with two matches to spare despite being held 1-1 at Levante on Wednesday . Pep Guardiola 's team went into the match needing a just a point after second-placed arch-rivals Real Madrid kept the race alive with a 4-0 win against Getafe on Tuesday . With head-to-head records taken into account , Barca can not be caught after beating Real 5-0 in November and drawing the second Clasico clash 1-1 last month . "  Winning the title is always difficult and this one was tough just like the others were before . Now we can enjoy this win , " coach Guardiola said in quotes reported by AFP . Ronaldo hat-trick keeps faint Real Madrid hopes alive "  We were fantastic for the first three quarters of the league and in the final quarter the goals dried up . If we have dropped our standards at the end of the season it is simply because the team has barely stopped for the past two seasons . "  It was difficult coming off the back of the World Cup . Nine Barcelona players won the World Cup  with Spain  and I did n't know how they were going to react . The attitude of all the players has been fantastic and the title is for them . " The Champions League finalists looked to be cruising to a 30th victory in 36 La Liga outings when Seydou Keita headed Barca in front after 28 minutes . The Ivory Coast midfielder stole in unmarked to nod home a lofted through-ball from influential midfielder Xavi to score his sixth goal this season . But Felipe Caicedo pounced on a defensive error to equalize four minutes before halftime , slotting into the empty net after Gerard Pique missed his attempted clearance to leave goalkeeper Victor Valdes stranded . Lionel Messi almost netted his 32nd league goal this season in the 58th minute after a trademark solo run saw him squeeze past four players , but the two-time world player of the year 's low shot rebounded to safety off the inside of the post . "  It 's always a nice feeling to win the title and the fans really deserve this , " Xavi said . "  I imagine we 're going to celebrate this title win with them tonight in the streets of Barcelona . " The draw was enough to seal Barcelona 's 21st Spanish title , 10 behind Real 's all-time record , but it means the club can not reach 100 points this season -- having 92 now . The Catalan side 's achievement was founded on a superb first half of the season , with 17 wins and a draw despite a shock second-round defeat by promoted Hercules . Barca went 31 games undefeated , one short of Real Sociedad 's record , with 16 successive victories from round seven . While Messi has grabbed the headlines with 52 goals in all competitions , Barca 's all-attacking style has seen 22 players hit the net in a total of 92 scored -- with only 20 conceded . Valencia failed to clinch third place and an automatic Champions League spot after drawing 2-2 at Espanyol , but have a five-point lead over Villarreal . Villarreal will also be in Europe 's top club competition next season but may have to play in the final qualifying round , having sealed fourth place with a 0-0 draw at relegated Almeria . Sevilla had the chance to move up to fifth and into the leading Europa League position by winning at Osasuna in the late match , but crashed to a 3-2 defeat and stayed two points behind Athletic Bilbao . Striker Alvaro Negredo headed two goals in three first-half minutes for Sevilla before Kike Sola equalized with a double of his own , the second coming in the 87th minute . Substitute Dejan Lekic then scored the winner two minutes later to lift Osasuna five points clear of the danger zone , while Sevilla had midfielder Gary Medel sent off for a second booking . Second-bottom Hercules will return to the Segunda Division after a 1-1 draw with Mallorca , who came from two goals down to move four points clear of Zaragoza in the final relegation place . Real Zaragoza lost 2-1 at Real Sociedad , whose captain Mikel Aranburu scored an 88th-minute winner to lift his club into 12th place .	Barcelona 's 1-1 draw at Levante clinches the club 's 21st La Liga title Pep Guardiola wins his third successive crown as coach with two games to play Second-placed Real Madrid trail by six points but have inferior head-to-head record Valencia fail to clinch third place and automatic Champions League spot after draw
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When man first walked on the moon 40 years ago , it was not only a "  giant leap for mankind " but also a boon for everyday items . A NASA-inspired tracking system is helping monitor endangered whale sharks . Sports shoes , for example , took a huge leap forward in the late 1980s when AVIA Group International , then a subsidiary of Reebok , turned to space technology to make them more flexible and durable . Freeze-dried food , artificial limbs , cordless vacuum cleaners and edible toothpaste were also developed using research that can be linked to NASA 's forays into space . They are listed in detail in "  Spinoff , " a NASA magazine first compiled in 1976 as a definitive guide to the commercialized products whose development can be tied to space technology . "  We are fairly liberal with our application of the term spinoff , " said editor Daniel Lockney . "  The product has to contain a component that was developed for NASA , some aspect of it or it could just be NASA 's know-how that helped the commercialization of the product , " he said . More than 1,660 articles on space-related products have been published since the magazine 's first edition . Watch some of the spin-offs developed from space technology " What you wo n't find on the list is the bright orange powered drink , Tang , or Teflon , or Velcro -- all products that have over time been erroneously linked to NASA 's space mission . "  Tang was developed by General Foods before NASA was even made a federal agency , but it was popularized during astronaut tasting experiments , " Lockney said . "  Velcro was invented by a Swiss engineer in the 1940s , " he said , adding "  Teflon was created by Dupont . It has many applications within NASA but is not a NASA technology . " Infant formula makes the grade due to an ingredient discovered during NASA research into algae as a source of food supplements . "  Different experiments led to the discovery of a nutrient substance that has previously only been found in breast milk . -LSB- This is -RSB- believed to be important in the development in the eyes and the brain . " It 's now in 95 percent of infant formula sold in the U.S. and in 65 countries around the world , Lockney said . It may have been 40 years since NASA put the first man on the moon , but the number of products that use space technology does n't seem to be diminishing . "  Spinoff " publishes articles on 40 to 50 new space-related products every year but receives many more submissions for inclusion . The next edition due out in October will feature a new tracking system for endangered animals , including polar bears and whale sharks , which was derived from an algorithm developed for tracking star patterns . "  Tracing theses animals is something that previously a small core group of scientists would go out and do . We 're now able to have ordinary citizens upload their pictures of these animals that have been spotted through Flickr and Facebook . Logging times and dates will significantly increase the level of monitoring of these endangered species , " Lockney said . For more space-related products see NASA 's "  Spinoff " Web site .	Many common products can be traced back to research conducted by NASA Freeze-dried food , artificial limbs , edible toothpaste are among NASA spin-offs Contrary to rumors , Tang , Velcro and Teflon not developed for space travel It has been 40 years since NASA 's Apollo 11 mission took man to the moon
CNN  -- Victoria Bol sits under the blazing sun in the soon-to-be world 's newest capital of Juba , a city of red soil , winding dirt roads and scattered tin-roofed homes . She watches in delight as children frolic on the streets and women mill about with the new flag of South Sudan wrapped around their shoulders . A few feet away , boisterous neighbors spray the rare paved road with a hose , playing with the soapy suds as they hum the new anthem of a nation on the eve of its birth . "  Oh my goodness , I can not believe this day is finally here , " says Bol , a resident of Grand Rapids , Michigan . "  It is very emotional . I 'm excited , but I 'm also thinking of all the people who died for this to happen . " Bol is among scores who have returned home to witness the birth of South Sudan , as it officially splits from the government based in the north on Saturday . "  The airport is packed and homes are filled with people coming in from all over the world , " Bol says . "  We lost almost everything -- our relatives , our homes , everything we own -- to get to this point . There was no way I was missing this . " Bol says dozens of her relatives died in the violence . She fled Juba in 1991 as mortars rained from the sky , and has not set foot in her homeland since then . "  We were at the airport trying to leave when the north started bombing nearby , " she says . "  Everything shook . We all started screaming and hiding . " Sudan 's Muslim north has been in conflict with the majority Christian south for decades . The civil war created a class of refugees who drifted in and out of neighboring countries -- many on foot -- to flee violence and famine that left about 2 million people dead . In January , South Sudan voters overwhelmingly approved a referendum to split , which was part of a 2005 peace deal that helped end the war . Dallas resident Abuk Makuac escaped Juba in 1984 . "  I wish my many relatives who died in the civil war were here to witness the separation into a new country , " she says . "  From here on , I know that they did not die in vain . " Scores who fled the long conflict are coming home to a region that has not changed much over the years . The infrastructure is still lacking -- with about 30 miles of paved roads in all of South Sudan , an area the size of Texas . "  It is no Michigan , " Bol says with a chuckle , "  but it 's home , and there is a feeling of solace you get at home that you will never get anywhere else . " Water remains a luxury in most communities and security is still tense , especially in regions bordering the north where violence still rages days before independence . But patriotism trumps the challenges , say the returnees , who gathered this week in Juba to discuss how they will help move their new country forward . Gordon Ajak , who left Sudan in 1989 , hopes to capitalize on the opportunities in his homeland after he decides what to invest in . The 46-year-old bought a one-way ticket from Canada , where he works as a counselor . "  I left Sudan because ... we were not wanted by the government in the north , " he says . "  We have our own country now . It is time to come back to invest and help my people . " Business analysts warn that the minimal infrastructure in South Sudan can lead to a difficult business climate . "  Good business skills will come at a premium and there will be a ferocious demand for talent , " says Robert Taiwo , director of Whitespace Advisory , a global firm that works with businesses looking to invest in Africa . The rewards , he says , can include unprecedented business opportunities . "  Returning South Sudanese will get an opportunity to shape domestic business ethics and this will ultimately govern the commercial context in which everyone operates , " he says . Ajak says he is not deterred by the flashes of violence that have flared in South Kordofan , a border area between the northern and southern regions that remains tense ahead of the independence . Other challenges such as the disputed region of Abyei remain , he says , but he is ready to sacrifice for his new homeland . "  Back before I left , I was being attacked in a country that did not want me , " he says . "  The difference now is I 'll be fighting for South Sudan . My own country . I 'd rather die for my country than watch them suffer . " James Aguek will not make it home for the festivities , but the Orlando resident is planning to move back permanently . He has already torn his Sudan passport in anticipation of a new one from South Sudan . "  Having a new country gives me a reason to go back , " the musician says . "  There is no way I would have gone back to that country if we had not voted for the separation . " For now , Aguek will focus on his upcoming album -- one that includes a song called "  99 % . " It 's a reference to the number that voted for the split .	"  It is no Michigan , " one expatriate says , "  but it 's home " Sudan 's Muslim north has been in conflict with the majority Christian south for decades The two sides officially split on Saturday , a bitter divorce that comes amid tension
Washington  CNN  -- Federal firearms agents in Arizona cringed every time they heard of a shooting after letting waves of guns pass into the hands of Mexican drug gangs , some of those agents told a House committee Wednesday . It was part of an operation aimed at tracking the flow of weapons across the U.S.-Mexican border , but the operation has come under intense criticism since the December killing of a U.S. Border Patrol officer . Operation Fast and Furious , as the program was known , was "  a colossal failure of leadership , " said Peter Forcelli , a supervisor at the Phoenix field office of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . When U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords was wounded and six others were killed in a January assassination attempt in Tucson , Forcelli said , an agency spokesman told him "  that there was concern from the chain of command that the gun was hopefully not a Fast and Furious gun . " Another agent , Lee Casa , said , "  This happened time and time again . " "  Every time there 's a shooting , whether it was Mrs. Giffords or anybody , any time there is a shooting in the general Phoenix area or even in , you know , Arizona , we 're fearful that it might be one of these firearms , " Casa told the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . The killings of three people connected with the U.S. consulate in Juarez , Mexico , caused similar anxiety , Casa said . And a third agent , John Dodson , told lawmakers : "  I can not begin to think of how the risk of letting guns fall into the hands of known criminals could possibly advance any legitimate law enforcement interest . I hope the committee will receive a better explanation than I. " Operation Fast and Furious focused on following "  straw purchasers , " or people who legally bought weapons that were then transferred to criminals and destined for Mexico . But instead of intercepting the weapons when they switched hands , Operation Fast and Furious called for ATF agents to let the guns "  walk " and wait for them to surface in Mexico , according to a committee report . The idea was that once the weapons in Mexico were traced back to the straw purchasers , the entire arms smuggling network could be brought down . Instead , the report argues , letting the weapons slip into the wrong hands was a deadly miscalculation that resulted in preventable deaths , including that of Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry . Terry was killed last year just north of the Mexican border in Arizona after he confronted a group of bandits believed to be preying on illegal immigrants . Two weapons found near the scene of the killing were traced to Fast and Furious . "  I was flabbergasted . I could n't believe it at first , " Terry 's mother , Josephine , said of when she learned that the ATF may have let some of the guns used in the attack slip through its fingers . Terry 's family said they want all those involved in his killing and who helped put the weapons in their hands to be prosecuted . "  We ask that if a government official made a wrong decision , that they admit their error and take responsibility for his or her actions , " Robert Heyer , Terry 's cousin and family spokesman , testified . The committee 's chairman , California Republican Rep. Darrell Issa , called the operation "  felony stupid . " As many as 2,000 semi-automatic rifles reached the hands of the cartels as a result , and Issa said the top two ATF officials were briefed the program regularly . Assistant Attorney General Ronald Weich testified that the ATF never knowingly allowed the sale of assault weapons to straw purchasers , who then transported them into Mexico . But Issa and other congressmen said the claim was deceiving . Although it is technically true that straw purchasers did n't cross any weapons into Mexico , they did transfer them to third parties who did , they said . Issa also was upset over heavily redacted documents that his committee had received from the attorney general 's office . Weich said his office was cooperating to the greatest extent possible , given concerns about disrupting the ongoing investigation . But Weich said he did not know or was not able to answer questions about who authorized the operation . "  The attorney general has said he wants to get to the bottom of it , " he said . Speaking before the committee , Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , said that the operation started with the flawed assumption that there was a large arms trafficking network that was operating . "  That kind of assumption can cause you to start with a conclusion and work backwards , looking for facts that fit the case . Until you figure out that you 've got the cart before the horse , you 're probably not going to get anywhere , " he said . Casa said ATF supervisors in Phoenix , where the project was based , brushed off several agents ' concerns over letting guns go . And Dodson said that despite evidence that straw purchasers were giving their weapons to cartels , the agency went no further than to do some surveillance . "  Knowing all the while , just days after these purchases , the guns that we saw these individuals buy would begin turning up at crime scenes in the United States and Mexico , we still did nothing , " he said . Forcelli , also criticized the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Arizona for what he described as a tendency not to prosecute arms trafficking cases , and said "  toothless " laws against straw buyers made it difficult to recruit low-level operatives as witnesses . "  With these types of cases , for somebody to testify against members of a cartel where the alternative is seeing a probation officer once a month , they 're going to opt toward not cooperating with the law enforcement authorities , " he said .	NEW : Agent tells of fears over possible link to Giffords ' shooting NEW : Committee Chairman Darrell Issa calls the operation "  felony stupid " A report says the ATF let guns "  walk " into Mexico without being intercepted Operation Fast and Furious was "  colossal failure , " supervisor says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Taliban militants beheaded two children in southern Afghanistan , a provincial governor 's office said . The beheadings occurred in Kandahar province , the provincial governor 's office said Monday . One of those slain was a 10-year-old boy . The other was age 16 . A press release issued by the office said the militants caught and beheaded the 10-year-old Sunday after he had collected food waste from a trash bin in the area of a security checkpoint . There were no immediate details about the 16-year-old . The Taliban denied any involvement in the beheadings , according to spokesman Qari Yousuf Ahmadi . He said Taliban fighters would never do such a thing , but said the group 's civilian casualty commission would investigate . Insurgents have carried out frequent attacks on security forces across Afghanistan in recent months amid a spring offensive by the Taliban . Earlier today , Taliban fighters armed with guns and explosives clashed with security forces after taking over a building near the airport in the Afghan capital of Kabul . The fighting ended with all seven attackers dead , Afghan officials said . The Taliban said the attack was intended to target Americans in Kabul International Airport , one part of which is used by military forces and another by civilians , the officials said . In eastern Afghanistan , a service member with NATO 's International Security Assistance Force died in a bombing on Monday , the latest in a string of coalition deaths . Eighteen coalition soldiers have died in June so far . At least nine of them are Americans . CNN 's Masoud Popalazi reported from Kabul , Afghanistan . Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta	The reported beheadings occurred in Kandahar province The Taliban has launched a spring offensive A coalition soldier was killed in a bombing in eastern Afghanistan Seven people who staged an attack in Kabul have been killed
New Delhi  CNN  -- Let 's hear it for "  the man of the moment , the man of the millennium . " That man is Narendra Modi , and those are the words with which an Australian public servant introduced India 's Prime Minister in Brisbane on Sunday . "  Modi , Modi , Modi , " chanted the crowd . The adulation did n't end there . The next day , Modi was in Sydney , delivering a speech to an audience of 16,000 at the Allphones Arena . "  You 're a rock star ! " shrieked an excited fan as the event beamed across millions of television screens in India and around the world . And so it was that #Rockstar and #ModiInAustralia began trending on Twitter . Tuesday : new city , new audience . Modi pitched up at the Australian Parliament in Canberra . He spoke in English this time , highlighting the linguistic and cultural commonalities between India and Australia -- almost as if to suggest India was a better trading partner than China . "  Australia has immense opportunities to participate in India 's progress . ... India will be the answer to your search for new economic opportunities , " Modi declared . Is India really the one-stop answer ? And is Modi really the man of the millennium ? The hype seems to be reaching dangerous levels . There 's no denying that Modi has generated immense excitement in India and abroad . Rightfully so . Here , finally , is an Indian leader who says the things Indians have been yearning to hear . He talks about faster growth , creating jobs , about a smartphone in every hand , a toilet in every home , clean streets , leaner and more transparent government . And boy , can he talk . In Hindi , in Gujarati , in English , Modi seems to know exactly what his audience wants to hear . In that sense he is indeed a rock star , riffing on his key anthems at every big speech . But can he deliver the runaway platinum sales Indians now seem to expect ? We 're beginning to see the first signs of questions being asked . Earlier this month , at the sidelines of the World Economic Forum in New Delhi , top industrialist Anand Mahindra told CNN that Modi 's "  honeymoon period is over . " When CNN spoke with Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley , he seemed to dial back on expectations of big reforms , saying "  people with their sense of wisdom will be able to appreciate " the cumulative effect of the government 's smaller steps . And then there are the questions of Modi himself . At the inauguration of a hospital in Mumbai last month , Modi made a speech , played out live on many Indian TV channels . Curiously , one bit was ignored by the Indian press . Speaking of the Hindu god Ganesha -- who is depicted as having an elephant 's head -- Modi claimed that Ganesha 's half-man , half-elephant body was evidence that ancient Indian doctors were experts at the art of plastic surgery . Seriously ? The Indian TV anchor and journalist Karan Thapar was one of the few to raise an eyebrow . "  He believes in digital India , wants to import bullet trains and ` Make in India ' state-of-the-art  defense  weaponry , " Thapar wrote . "  These are 21st-century ambitions . How does all of that sit alongside this belief in unverified mythology ? " He added , "  The silence of the media is deeply disturbing . It feels as though it 's been deliberately blanked out by everyone . " I doubt there 's a larger media conspiracy only to portray Modi positively . But the media do need to take a step back and question the rock-star levels of adulation . Modi has gotten India dreaming . Who knows , those dreams may even be realized one day . But in Modi 's seven months as Prime Minister so far , rhetoric and big plans aside , nothing has really changed . For hundreds of millions of poor Indians , it is still the same India . Basic infrastructure is still subpar ; there are no social safety nets on health care or pensions ; India is still an immensely frustrating place to live and work . And that 's the tip of an enormous iceberg . India could take decades to change . We all need to remember that . So do Modi 's fans .	Narendra Modi , India 's Prime Minister , continues to draw praise for his speeches Ravi Agrawal says the Prime Minister talks about the issues that matter , particularly jobs He says some people think it 's time to match rhetoric with action Agrawal : People should have realistic expectations ; it may take decades to change India
CNN  -- Prosecutors asked Wednesday for a 25-year sentence for Argentina 's last dictator , who is on trial on charges that he violated human rights during his 17-month rule in the early 1980s . Former Gen. Reynaldo Benito Bignone is accused of torturing 56 people and depriving them of their liberty , as well as committing illegal searches . He ruled Argentina from June 1982 until the nation 's return to democracy in December 1983 . More than 100 people have testified at his trial since it started in November , the government 's Judicial Information Center said . The trial is expected to last until March . Also facing the same charges are former intelligence chief Fernando Ezequiel Verplaetsen and ex-military officials Santiago Omar Riveros , Eugenio Guanabens Perello , Carlos Alberto Tepedino and German A. Montenegro . Prosecutors also asked for 25-year sentences for Verplaetsen and Riveros and a 20-year incarceration for Tepedino , the Judicial Information Center said . They want sentences of 12 years for Perello and two years for Montenegro . The alleged crimes occurred at the secret Campo de Mayo torture center in Buenos Aires , court papers say . Campo de Mayo was the main torture center during the 1976-83 right-wing dictatorship . Few who were taken there walked out alive . Up to 30,000 students , labor leaders , intellectuals and leftists who ran afoul of the dictatorship because of their political views disappeared or were held in secret jails and torture centers during the eight-year "  Dirty War . " Bignone , 82 , has been under house arrest . He faces two other trials : in the abduction and disappearance of doctors and nurses at the Hospital Posada and of two soldiers when he was head of the Military College . The three-judge panel in the current trial was scheduled to hear testimony Wednesday from two groups representing Argentineans who were victims of the Dirty War . Trial will resume February 25 with the first defense testimony , the Center for Judicial Information said .	Former Gen. Reynaldo Benito Bignone is accused of torturing 56 people More than 100 people have testified at his trial Trial is expected to last until March
With racial issues and policing headlining the political conversation in America in the midst of nationwide protests and the murder of two police officers in New York , President Barack Obama said he believes the issue of race relations is surfacing "  in a way that probably is healthy . " Obama welcomed the attention race relations and policing in minority communities have attracted recently and said he believes there will be "  progress " on those issues in the next year as a result of the task force of police , community leaders and activists he assembled this year . "  I actually think that -LSB- the U.S. is -RSB- probably in its day-to-day interactions less racially divided , " Obama said in an interview with NPR released Monday and recorded before his family vacation in Hawaii . "  The issue of police and communities of color being mistrustful of each other is hardly new ; that dates back a long time . It 's just something that has n't been talked about . " Obama spoke out after two white police officers who each killed an unarmed black man were not indicted by two separate grand juries in recent months , empathizing with protesters and urging them to remain non-violent . But race relations were n't the only topic of discussion when Obama sat down with NPR for a wide-ranging 40-minute interview , in which , he reflected on six years in office and looked forward toward the final two . Obama signaled that 2014 marked a shift in his presidency with the economy showing significant signs of recovery and as the health care law has begun to bear its fruits , calling gains from his administration 's policies "  liberating . " Now , Obama can stop putting out the fires and "  focus on some long-term projects " and consolidating the gains of his first six years in office -- and perhaps his legacy . Obama called his signature health care law a "  big lift with significant political cost , " but said the country is now seeing "  it 's paid off . " And that will be one achievement he will look to defend from a Republican Congress that could define his final two years in the Oval Office . Obama , who said he was "  frustrated " with the midterm results , said he would look for common ground with Republican legislators , but would n't shy away from using his veto power to defend his health care legislation and "  gains that we 've made on environment and clean air and clean water " -- a significant statement given that the next Congress will take up the environmentalist-opposed Keystone XL pipeline project as their first vote next year . The President has n't yet decided whether he 'll veto the pipeline . While Obama flaunted economic gains at home , from deficit reductions to job growth , he also touted American gains in the international arena -- from handling Russia to fighting Ebola . "  Wherever we have been involved over the last several years , I think the outcome has been better because of American leadership , " Obama said . "  One of the things I 've learned over six years -- and it does n't always suit the news cycle -- is having some strategic patience . " While Obama has taken flak in recent years for being too soft in confronting Russian aggression in Ukraine -- including its annexation of Crimea -- Obama pointed to the ongoing collapse of Russia 's economy as a sign of his strategic fortitude . Plummeting oil prices are largely responsible for Russia 's nosedive into economic recession , but U.S. sanctions over the last year have also played their part and Obama insisted that those sanctions set the foundation to ensure eventual fluctuations in the oil market would hit Russia hard . Obama said in an interview with CNN this month that his Russian counterpart , President Vladimir Putin , is no "  chess master " and did n't outmaneuver the U.S. as some pundits had suggested . In fact , Obama said he believes the U.S. does n't ' "  really have a serious peer , at least on the conventional level , " today . The President also reaffirmed his opposition to his predecessor 's nation-building policies in Iraq , saying he believes the U.S. "  can help , but we ca n't do it for them " in countries like Iraq , Libya and Syria . Sure to learn from the backlash he faced after he likened ISIS to a "  jayvee team " last January , Obama said the U.S. "  ca n't underestimate the danger of ISIL , " but noted that "  it 's not the only danger we have " and said the U.S. should focus on spending money at home rather than committing "  another trillion dollars " to fighting the militant Islamist group . And with his decision this month to normalize relations with Cuba and establish an embassy in Havana , Obama was asked about another so-called "  rogue " state that Obama has sought to engage : Iran . So what about an embassy in Tehran , Iran 's capital ? "  I never say never , but I think these things have to go in steps , " Obama said , noting that the Cuban decision came after more than a 50-year policy that has failed to change the politics of Cuba . Iran is different , though , Obama said , because it has a "  track record of state-sponsored terrorism " and has displayed fervently anti-American rhetoric and made "  incendiary " threats toward Israel . "  There 's a lot of history there that 's different from the history between us and Cuba , " Obama said .	Obama said he believes the U.S. is "  less raciallly divided " today And with the economy gaining , Obama said he 'll look to focus on "  long-term projects " in the next year He 'll also defend his health care law , while working with the GOP to find common ground Obama also touted U.S. leadership abroad , and discussed the prospects of an embassy in Iran
Editor 's note : David B. Givens is Director of the Center for Nonverbal Studies in Spokane , Washington . He is the author of "  Love Signals : A Practical Field Guide to the Body Language of Courtship "  St. Martin 's , New York , 2005  , "  Crime Signals : How to Spot a Criminal Before You Become a Victim "  St. Martin 's , 2008  , and the forthcoming "  The Body of Work : Sightreading the Language of Business , Bosses , and Boardrooms . " His online Nonverbal Dictionary is used around the world as a reference tool . Barack and Michelle Obama celebrate winning the Democratic nomination with a fist bump in 2008 . SPOKANE , Washington  CNN  -- The H1N1 swine flu virus is putting our most familiar gesture of greeting -- handshakes -- at risk . As an anthropologist who watches people for a living , I can tell you that human beings touch their own faces with their own fingertips hundreds , if not thousands of times a day . Repeated face touching -- especially finger contact with eyelids , lips , and nostrils -- is as predictable as blinking . You 'll observe hand-to-face gestures in every culture and society , as well as in our closest primate relatives , the monkeys and apes . There 's nothing wrong with face touching . Nothing , that is , unless you 're afraid of germs . And today , many of us around the world are terrified by these tiny organisms , especially ones that cause swine flu . Merely by shaking the hand of someone infected by the swine-flu virus , we risk infection each time we inadvertently reach up and touch our faces . Physicians urge that we wash right after shaking hands . But since the anthropologist in me knows that , as a primate , you 'll touch your face before washing , germs will inevitably visit unsuspecting lids , lip , and noses . The human handshake itself , meanwhile , is a widespread gesture used for meeting , greeting , and sealing a deal . It 's a ritualized gripping of another 's hand , with one or more up-and-down  or , in Texas , sideways  motions followed by a quick release . Since the fingertips and palm of the hand are exquisitely sensitive , the shake itself can be deeply personal . We instantly feel the warmth or coolness , dryness or moistness , and firmness or weakness of another 's grip . Sensory input from a hand 's thermal and pressure receptors to the brain 's sensory cortex and then to deeper , emotional brain areas can be intense . If you travel to France , be prepared to shake hands dozens of times a day . Office workers in Paris , for example , may shake in the morning to greet , and in the afternoon to say goodbye , to colleagues . Outside vendors and technicians will handshake with everyone present when they enter or leave an office . The risk of hand-carried flu virus is thus greater here than it is in the United States , where handshaking is far less frequent . Contrast this to the Japanese practice of giving fewer handshakes , still , in favor of polite bows of the head . In all three nations , casual face touching is frequent , but germs in Tokyo are less apt to spread through handshakes . In Islamic nations , it is strictly taboo for men to shake hands in public with women . So , Muslim couples are less likely to exchange swine-flu germs through manual contact than are business men and women in , say , Seattle , Washington . Since in much of the world a handshake is both a visual and a tactile index of your concern for other people , it 's hard to hold one back . In North America , Latin America , and Europe , when someone holds out a hand , it 's difficult not to just take a step forward and shake . You do n't want , after all , to seem rude . In Asia , South Asia , and the Middle East , handshaking may be more nuanced than in the West , or even absent . An Asian namasté , with your palms and fingers pressed together in front of your chest , given with a slight bow -- or a Muslim salaam , in which your right hand touches your forehead , also given with a slight bow , may be proffered instead of a handshake . While you 'll see the same incidence of facial touching -- to wipe a lip , relieve tension , or scratch an itch -- the fingertips themselves wo n't carry germs born of handshakes . So , what are we face-touchers in the rest of the world to do ? Are we doomed to spread flu germs through our practice of ritually of gripping each other 's hands ? The short answer is no . Thanks to a pair of the planet 's most well known human primates , we now have a healthier hand sign with which to meet and greet . Since the Obama-Lama "  fist bumps " have been so well publicized of late , I 'm sure you 've seen it in newspapers and magazines and on Web sites and TV . Primates are the most imitative of all of Earth 's animals , so do n't be surprised if you find yourself bumping fists -- a lot -- in the weeks and months ahead . On September 22 , 2009 , the Dalai Lama was welcomed to Memphis , Tennessee , not with a handshake but with a fist bump from interim Memphis Mayor Myron Lowery . The exiled Tibetan spiritual leader balled up his fist and reached it forward to make friendly contact with the mayor 's own proffered balled-up fist . From his smiling face , I could tell the Dalai Lama enjoyed his new greeting ritual . It looked as if he were playing with the cue . Though it was unclear if either of the fist-bumpers had flu phobia , that they touched with the knuckles instead of the fingertips rendered disease transmission far less likely . A year earlier , on June 3 , 2008 , then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama tenderly fist bumped with his wife Michelle , in what The Washington Post called "  the fist bump heard ` round the world . " That a U.S. president publicly performed the fist bump -- a gesture that originated partly from the sportsman 's palm high-slap of victory and partly from the Black Power fist of the 1970s -- has given the gesture staying power , even though some people were critical of its use . It will last considerably longer than Andy Warhol 's "  15 minutes of fame . " Thanks to Barack Obama , the Dalai Lama , and the swine flu , the fist bump will surely show up at a greeting near you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Givens .	David Givens : H1N1 flu is prompting focus on how we greet each other He says handshakes create risk of spreading the flu virus Fist bumps are a less risky way of greeting people Givens : Obamas and Dalai Lama have popularized the fist bump
LifeWire  -- Madeline Nelson finds a bag of slightly bruised apples and day-old bread left in a supermarket 's Dumpster too tempting to pass up . Cindy Rosin rummages through discarded produce in trash bins outside a Manhattan grocery store . "  A lot of perfectly good food is thrown away , " says Nelson , a spokeswoman for Freegan.info , a New York City group that promotes "  freeganism , " which eschews conventional commerce in favor of a lifestyle that uses minimal resources . Freegans try not to buy things new -- not even food . Jumping into a garbage bin may sound scary , but Nelson , 52 , who lives in Brooklyn , says it 's no big deal . Humans , she says , are "  hardwired to be foragers . " For the thousands who search online for free merchandise , pick up roadside castoffs and even dig through Dumpsters , paying for everything they need is yesterday 's news . At a time when many Americans are on tighter budgets and worrying about environmental conservation , the practice may get more popular . Roadside treasures Sometimes opportunities present themselves . "  I have picked up several free things over the years from the side of the road , " says Kara May , 38 , a Seattle stay-at-home mom . She recalls her acquisitions with a sense of achievement : There was the easel for her daughter ; a set of like-new ceramic casserole dishes ; a toy dump truck . Send us your recycling photos , videos "  I 'm saving money , but I 'm also reducing the amount of stuff that needs to be produced and that eventually may end up in a landfill , " says May , a founding member of Going Green Family , a Seattle grassroots organization that helps families run environmentally friendly households . New York City resident Christina Salvi , 32 , agrees that curbside shopping is the way to go . "  My whole apartment is furnished with discards , " she says . "  I find really great stuff all the time . Here in New York , it 's kind of obscene how much goes into the trash . " Salvi helped launch FreeMeet , a local recycling event where people share their unwanted items . "  Our goal is to have everything find a new home , " she says . Free commerce Before hitting the mall , find out whether someone in your city is getting rid of the thing you want , says Deron Beal , 40 , founder of Freecycle.org , a Web site built on the premise that "  one person 's trash is another 's treasure . " Here 's how it works : As in the "  free " section of Craigslist.org , users post what they 're giving or seeking , then coordinate the details . On thousands of Freecycle message boards , the dialogue looks like this : OFFERED : Two Pez dispensers . TAKEN : Krups espresso machine . WANTED : Garden hose that works . OFFERED : Adult diapers , size small . It 's an eclectic mix , but that means there 's something for everyone , says Beal . He launched the nonprofit group four years ago with 20 or 30 friends . Now it has 4.5 million users , he says , with 70,000 newcomers each week helping to reduce the growth of landfills . At the heart of Freecycle.org , Beal says , is a spirit of giving , not getting : People in South Dakota collected prom dresses for teenage girls ; a 95-year-old Arizona man looks for old bikes he can fix up and give to disadvantaged children ; others have joined together to find clothing and supplies for orphans in Haiti . Beal uses the site , too , but only for giving . "  My wife has made it clear that it 's good for purging , not collecting , " he says . "  But I did get a George Foreman grill once . " The people giving it away turned out to be neighbors he had never met . "  When I picked up the grill , they also gave me a half dozen eggs from their chickens , " he says . "  It 's a beautiful example of community giving . " FreeSwapper.org started last year to provide a similar service , and FreeSharing.org lists hundreds of organizations across the country with the same goals . Dumpster diving Curious about Dumpster diving ? Freegan.info keeps a city-by-city listing of prime Dumpster locations , from bakeries to bookstores . Large chain stores in wealthy neighborhoods are particularly prone to tossing edible foods , Nelson says . If you go , she advises , bring a friend  in case the lid closes on you  and wear gloves to protect your hands from glass and other sharp objects . Ask your local police department first whether it 's OK -- some cities have criminalized Dumpster diving . Do n't salvage things that need to be refrigerated or show traces of mold , and thoroughly wash any food you 've taken from a Dumpster before consuming . It 's also a good idea to conduct a smell test of any food you may take ; if it smells bad , it probably is spoiled and should be avoided . Nelson says freeganism has nothing to do with income . She says many divers , herself included , have at least moderate incomes : "  It 's really about boycotting the consumerist system . " But not everything can be found in a Dumpster . Nelson admits that some things must be acquired the old-fashioned way : at the store . Like cooking oil -- "  You can never find enough of that . " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Sarah Jio 's work has appeared in "  Gourmet , " "  Health , " "  O , The Oprah Magazine , " and many other publications .	Everything from food to clothes to furniture can be found in Dumpsters Freegans turn to Dumpsters in effort not to buy new things Some Web sites post used items that are free for the taking Are you an extreme recycler ? Send your photos , videos to iReport.com
CNN  -- In a summer crowded with books about vampires , werewolves and things that go bump in the night , a young novelist is stepping forward with his own fresh take on the supernatural suspense thriller . Michael Koryta 's newest novel is "  The Ridge . " At 28-years old , it 's hard to call Koryta a veteran , but this is his eighth novel already . His work has won high praise from critics and some well-known peers , including best-selling authors Michael Connelly and Dennis Lehane . Set in rural Kentucky , Koryta 's book includes a murder , a lonely lawman in love with a dangerous woman and a newspaper veteran determined to dig up the truth . But the story adds some chilling and unexpected twists , including a landlocked lighthouse , a mysterious blue light and a home for rescued lions , tigers and other big cats . CNN caught up with the author and the following is an edited transcript . CNN : What was the spark behind "  The Ridge " ? Koryta : I wanted to write a contemporary thriller that drew from the feel of frontier folklore and legend . A single image -- a homemade lighthouse built in the woods -- got me started . I ca n't explain how I got to that , because I simply do n't know . One day it was just there , and I 've never loved a book cover as much as this one , because it captures the feel I had from the image : mysterious , haunting , ominous . A lot of the ghostly tales and legends that were in my mind at the time involved cats -- the mythical black panthers people are always claiming to spot , particularly -- and that gave the idea some traction , because I had a very real setting with which to work . There 's a place in Indiana , not far from my hometown of Bloomington , called the Exotic Feline Rescue Center . This operation , which is truly out in the middle of nowhere , down a long gravel road , is currently home to 230 tigers , lions , cougars , leopards and other exotic cats that have been rescued from terrible , abusive circumstances . The center exists simply to provide safe homes for cats that have none . The very idea that there are so many exotic cats in need is strong on its own merits , but the center was also a gold mine of atmosphere for a novelist . It can be a very intimidating place the first time you see it . And , of course , these large cats are and always have been a source of endless fascination for humans . Every civilization that ever interacted with these animals had their own set of stories , symbolism and myth . So the spark was in the intersection of these things , in the idea of trying to create something very original that also carried with it a generations old weight of familiarity , that sense of legend . CNN : You started out writing crime novels , what prompted the change to supernatural ? Koryta : Initially , it was simply the right fit for the story , that being "  So Cold the River . " I knew I wanted to draw upon the history and mythology that surrounded West Baden Springs , which was this glorious resort around the early 20th century , when people came from around the world to experience what they believed were truly miraculous mineral springs . It was also a story that required bridging eras . Those things just kept shouting "  Ghost story ! " and so I listened . During the course of writing that book , I really fell in love with the form . It did n't seem all that different to me -- still suspense , still mystery , just with a new layer , an added wrinkle . The supernatural elements were more of a plotting challenge , too , and I think good things happen when you challenge yourself as a writer . I never envisioned , early on , that I 'd write anything with a supernatural thread . I suppose I should n't be overly surprised , because one of the really key moments in my writing life was when I found Stephen King 's book " On Writing , " which is the definitive work on the craft for anyone who values storytelling first and foremost . At the time , while I read widely , I was very focused on writing detective novels . People do n't really consider it because I 'm a younger writer , but when "  The Silent Hour , " the last of my detective novels to date , was released , I 'd been working in that form for a decade . Trying something a little different was wonderful , creatively . You have only so many chances to tell stories . I did n't want to be forever wedded to one form of storytelling when there are so many out there . CNN : I 've heard several of your novels may hit the the big screen ? Koryta : Chris Columbus , who directed the first two Harry Potter films and was the family comedy king through the '80s and '90s -- "  Mrs. Doubtfire , " "  Home Alone , " etc. -- has acquired rights to "  The Cypress House " and is working on the script himself , with intent to direct . For "  So Cold the River . " I 'm actually working on adapting the book with Scott Silver , who was just nominated for an Oscar for "  The Fighter , " and who also wrote "  8 Mile , " which I think is a terrific screenplay . The chance to work with Scott is a tremendous pleasure and I 'm learning a lot . CNN : You 've worked as a private investigator , a journalist and a teacher but I understand you knew at a young age that you wanted to be a writer ? Koryta : Always , yeah . This was it . This was what I wanted to do from the time I began to read . I just fell in love with stories , with books . I was always writing . I finished my first novel , it was around 300 pages long , when I was 16 . Wrote one more before I got out of high school , then wrote the first Lincoln Perry novel when I was 19 . It did n't sell , but I liked the character and I knew the world so I tried what was , in my mind , a sequel . Wrote that when I was 20 , and that one made it . That 's "  Tonight I Said Goodbye , " which came out when I was 21 and won some prizes and was nominated for the Edgar and translated into a bunch of foreign languages , all while I was working two jobs and going to school . Looking back on that now , it seems impossible . The time management seems impossible . But right then , it was just my life , and I was having a lot of fun . I wrote from midnight to 3 a.m. because that was when I had free time . It never felt like work . It was fun , it was all I wanted to do , to be . I just wanted to get something between the covers , as my friend Stewart O'Nan says about his books . I love that phrase , particularly when it comes from such a brilliant novelist as Stewart , who is as good as anybody alive . There 's a humility in that , a gratitude : "  Just to get it between the covers . " The idea that it 's a privilege to have that chance is really a good thing to remember . CNN : I understand music is a big source of inspiration to you while you write ? Koryta : It runs the engine , plain and simple . At the start , I needed headphones because I was writing in my college apartment and my roommate was , you know , entitled to do his thing and not create a cocoon of silence for my attempts at genius . Then I realized how much the music was impacting the mood of the writing , and I started to pair things up -- this song for this kind of scene , things like that . Then I 'd get superstitious -- you 've had a good run on this playlist , do n't change it until things tighten up . Like a baseball player not changing socks . I usually pick one song that I listen to with my eyes closed every day before I start writing . That can range from classical to rap . In one case , a song inspired the entire book . "  So Cold the River " developed from my imagining a story behind Joshua Bell 's violin piece "  Short Trip Home . " For "  The Ridge " I was really into The National , riding their album "  High Violet " pretty hard , and a band called Gaslight Anthem , and of course the two artists I quote in the book , Josh Ritter and Joe Pug . They 're brilliant songwriters . Just brilliant . Ritter has made a good name for himself but Pug is criminally overlooked at this point . He 'll be around for a long , long time , though . He 's that good . CNN : What 's next for you ? Koryta : I stepped back and took a breath . That needed to be done . I went almost two months without writing a word of prose , but I needed that after the last stretch , I really did . Now I 'm back at it . The next book is a return to traditional crime fiction , no ghosts in sight , and it is one I 've wanted to write for a long time . It 's about two brothers who lost a sibling to violent crime when they were in their teens , and went about coping in very different ways . One is an ex-cop turned bail bondsman , the other a high school football coach who is involved with prison ministry . It 's set in Ohio , where high school football is a very big deal , and I 've always wanted to mine from sports for fiction and never really had a chance . As I said earlier , we have a limited number of shots , so I felt it was time to take this one .	Michael Koryta 's newest novel is "  The Ridge , " his eighth at age 28 Koryta was inspired by ghost stories and a rescue center for exotic cats Music is a huge inspiration for the author and has become a part of his writing process
Sake , Democratic Republic of Congo  CNN  -- Anti-government rebels on Friday continued their march through the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo , withstanding an army counterattack to maintain control of the strategically important town of Sake . The town is on the road to Bukavu , the capital of South Kivu , and a group of fighters started to march in its direction , journalist Phil Moore told CNN . Moore and U.N. spokesman Kieran Dwyer said the M23 fighters held Sake after two days of battling government troops in the town they first entered Wednesday . The United Nations , which supports the Congolese army , as well as Britain have condemned the rebel campaign intended to overthrow the government . Read more : Rebel leader in Uganda for Congo crisis talks On Friday , the Congolese army was near the town of Minova , about 15 miles south of Sake , according to Moore . Residents fled ahead of M23 's progress , Moore said , and a second group of M23 fighters was heading north to the town of Masisi . The fighting continued despite a joint statement Wednesday from the leaders of Congo , Uganda and Rwanda that called for M23 to halt its rebellion and enter talks with the Kinshasa government . Read more : Rebels threaten wider Democratic Republic of Congo conflict "  The M23 rebel group must immediately stop its offensive and pull out of Goma , " the statement said , adding that the Congo government committed itself to addressing rebel complaints . The latest unrest continues a cycle of violence and misery in Eastern Congo , a mineral-rich region at the epicenter of political and ethnic conflict involving its neighbors to the east , Uganda and Rwanda . The area has been embroiled in violence since 1994 , when Hutu forces crossed the border from Rwanda fearing reprisals after the genocide in that country . The M23 group was named for a peace deal of March 23 , 2009 , which it accuses the government of violating . The soldiers , mostly Tutsis , became part of the national army through that accord . However , they broke away from the Congolese army in April , complaining they were n't being promoted as promised , and because of a lack of pay and poor conditions . The political leader of M23 , Jean-Marie Runiga Lugerero , flew Thursday to the Ugandan capital of Kampala for talks with President Yoweri Museveni , who is hosting a conference of regional leaders Saturday aimed at ending the crisis in Congo . Dwyer said the Kampala summit , which also will include Congo President Joseph Kabila and Rwandan President Paul Kagame , would be scrutinized for any political impetus to stop the violence on the ground . "  There does need to be political solutions to this , " he said . "  I do n't think battlefield solutions are going to be the answer in and of themselves . " The United Nations and some donor countries have accused neighboring Rwanda of backing the M23 by providing it with arms , support and even soldiers . Kagame has repeatedly denied the allegation . On Tuesday , the rebels gained control of Goma , the capital of North Kivu province , though U.N. forces continued to control the airport . At a rally at Goma 's stadium , an M23 officer declared the group 's military goals . "  We will push on to Bukavu , then Kisangani , and finally take Kinshasa and overthrow the government , " Lt. Col. Vianney Kazarama said to enthusiastic cheers from a crowd of several hundred , according to a Congolese reporter there . Read more : Can we end rape as tool of war ? Mark Simmonds , the UK minister for Africa , arrived in Kigali , Rwanda , on Thursday and immediately issued a statement saying "  there can be no attempt to unseat the legitimate government of the Democratic Republic of Congo . " He called on the Congolese government to "  address the underlying causes of the conflict . " "  I call on the M23 to stop its advance and to withdraw from Goma immediately , " Simmonds said . Oxfam , which is monitoring humanitarian conditions in the area , warned Thursday that the fall of Goma to the rebels poses "  a very real risk of complete collapse of state authority and the humanitarian crisis reaching new depths . " It estimated that 120,000 people were in urgent need of help , with many sleeping in the open or in schools and other buildings without humanitarian aid . Tens of thousands of Congolese , already displaced by previous rounds of fighting in the volatile region , have fled camps around the edges of Goma , according to UNICEF and the medical charity Doctors Without Borders . CNN 's Tom Cohen , David McKenzie and Joseph Netto contributed to this report	NEW : Regional leaders call for M23 rebels to halt their campaign M23 wants to topple the government , which is supported by the United Nations Uganda hosts a regional summit Saturday to address the fighting Oxfam warns of "  the humanitarian crisis reaching new depths "
CNN  -- Mario Balotelli 's first-half double saw Italy through to the final of Euro 2012 as they stunned Germany in Warsaw . Germany were hot favorites going into this semifinal but Balotelli struck twice before halftime and Germany were unable to claw their way back . Mesut Ozil pulled a goal back from the penalty spot in injury time , but Italy deservedly held on to set up a final against Spain on Sunday . The win continues Italy 's remarkable record in major tournaments against Germany , who have failed to beat the Italians in eight attempts . This emerging young German side were tipped by many to go all the way at this tournament , but their burgeoning progress was checked by a clinical Italy team . Germany started the match as expected and the Italians were lucky to survive a couple of early wobbles by their goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon . The Italy captain was caught in no-man 's land early on , allowing Mats Hummels to poke goalwards only to see Andrea Pirlo scramble the ball off the line . Minutes later , Buffon pushed out a Jerome Boateng cross and was relieved to see the loose ball bounce off his own defender , Andrea Barzagli , and behind for a corner . But midway through the first half it was Italy who made the breakthrough with a quite brilliantly worked goal . Germany stood off Pirlo , allowing the Italy playmaker to sweep a pass out to Giorgio Chiellini who fed Antonio Cassano . Cassano superbly spun away from two defenders and swept in an inviting cross that allowed Balotelli to drift away from Bastuber and head home from close range . Sixteen minutes later , the Italians remarkably doubled their lead with a sweeping counterattack following a Germany corner . Italy left two strikers forward and the tactic paid off as Riccardo Montolivo swept a long ball over the head of Philipp Lahm , allowing Balotelli to chest the ball down and run clear before smashing an unstoppable shot beyond a stunned Manuel Neuer . The first-half double saw the young Manchester City striker double his international goal tally -- having scored just once coming in to Euro 2012 Balotelli is now the tournament 's joint leading goalscorer on three . Germany needed a response in the second half and they got it in effort , but not in goals . A smart one-two on the edge of the area between Lahm and Toni Kroos ended with Lahm sidefooting over when he should have hit the target . A goal then would have ensured a fascinating second half , but Italy looked just as likely to score again as Germany increasingly gambled at the back . Balotelli curled a shot across the face of goal before limping off with cramp and Claudio Marchisio twice drilled wide from inviting positions as Italy failed to kill off the German threat . Substitute Antonio Di Natale wasted another golden chance eight minutes from time when he ran clear but fired into the side netting , but at the other end Italy 's defending was outstanding . That resilience was emphatically underlined by Federico Balzaretti 's goalsaving tackle to keep out substitute Marco Reus late on , although Balzaretti 's handball in stoppage time did give Ozil the chance to score from the spot . That came too late to save Germany though and Italy now face a Spain side who they held 1-1 in the group stages earlier in this tournament .	Mario Balotelli scores both goals as Italy beat Germany 2-1 Balotelli scores twice in first-half to set-up Sunday final with Spain Manchester City striker now joint leading goalscorer at Euro 2012 Mesut Ozil scores late penalty for Germany
OAKLAND , California  CNN  -- Fifth-grader Christopher Rodriguez sat down Thursday at his piano for his weekly lesson , arched his fingers over the keys and began to play . 10-year-old Christopher Rodriguez was hit by a stray bullet , paralyzing him for life , doctors say . Across the street from Harmony Road Music School in north Oakland , California , Jared Adams , 24 , allegedly raised his gun at a Chevron gas station attendant during a holdup and fired . A bullet ripped through the walls of Christopher 's classroom striking him in his side , piercing his kidney and spleen and lodging in his spine . The bullet barely missed the 10-year-old 's heart . He will likely be paralyzed for life from the waist down , doctors say . "  This is probably the worst thing that 's ever happened to me in my life . I love my son greatly , " the boy 's father , Richard Rodriguez , said Friday at a news conference . Watch Christopher 's dad describe the ordeal " Christopher loved music . He had recently taken up African drumming , spent hours listening to classical music and played basketball . "  I feel like half his life was taken from him ; his inability , probably , to walk -- ever , " Rodriguez said , his voice breaking . Christopher 's mother , Jennifer Rodriguez , had been waiting outside in her SUV for her son 's lesson to end . She not only heard the shots but came close to being hit herself . At least two bullets from Adams ' gun struck her vehicle , police said . On the phone and distracted , she at first dismissed the noises as someone throwing rocks at her SUV . But when she realized it was gunfire , she dashed into her son 's class . Christopher was on the floor , his classmates and instructor hovering over him . "  I ca n't feel my legs ! I ca n't feel my legs ! " Christopher cried . As emergency workers rushed the boy to the hospital , police were chasing Adams , who was speeding away . Adams rammed his vehicle into a car carrying a woman and her two children and then slammed into a parked car , police said . The woman and children escaped without injury , according to authorities . Adams was charged Monday with attempted murder , robbery , evading a police officer , driving recklessly and being an ex-felon in possession of a firearm , Oakland Police Department spokesman Roland Holmgren told CNN . He 's being held without bail , according to Holmgren . CNN was not immediately able to determine whether he had a lawyer . Authorities found a ski mask , loaded gun and cash at the scene . Adams has prior convictions for driving under the influence and gun possession , records show . He pleaded no contest to felony evading arrest in 2006 for fleeing an Emeryville police officer and had run from or physically resisted a California Highway Patrol officer and police in Albany and Berkeley , the San Francisco Chronicle reported . Adams once complained in court that young people raised in the city like himself never got opportunities , the paper also reported . Adams has been told about Christopher , said Holmgren . "  It does n't matter whether it 's your first day on the street as an officer or a veteran , to see a child doing something as innocent as taking a piano lesson and have this happen to him , it affects your soul , " said Holmgren . Meanwhile , doctors delivered tragic news about Christopher 's future . "  He 's going to face years of rehabilitation , " said Dr. James Betts , chief of surgery at Children 's Hospital Oakland . "  We are all hoping there will be some degree of recovery . We feel like the injury is permanent , and the paralysis is permanent . " -LSB- It will be -RSB- a challenging life for this young boy . " Christopher 's friends and fellow music lovers plan to help him . Harmony Road Music School will hold a benefit concert for the Rodriguez family February 10 at 2 p.m. at Chapel of the Chimes , a place of worship near the school . "  The family is going to have to , essentially , make a home for a disabled child now , " said school owner Jim Callahan . "  They 'll have to change the stairs in their home , make all sorts of expensive adjustments . " Callahan met with instructors at Harmony Road Monday . They are talking about the incident with the students old enough to understand what happened . Classes have not stopped . "  Music has a healing quality all its own , " said Callahan . "  We will not be terrorized by this . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dan Simon and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Christopher Rodriguez , 10 , was hit by a bullet during his piano lesson last week Police : Suspect allegedly robbing a gas station near music school The boy , who loves classical music , will likely be paralyzed for life , his doctors say Rodriguez 's father : "  I feel like half his life was taken from him "
Mental Floss  -- You can keep your Bluebeards and your Blackbeards . The most successful pirate of all time controlled a fleet of more than 1,500 ships and upwards of 80,000 sailors -- and she did it all without the help of facial hair . Tall ships like the La Boudeuse used to face threats from pirates as they sailed around the world . When a Chinese pirate captain named Cheng married a beautiful prostitute in 1801 , he was n't just getting the girl of his dreams ; he was making the best financial investment of his career . His new bride , known to history as Cheng I Sao , or "  Wife of Cheng , " agreed to the marriage on one condition -- that she would share equally in his power and would be given the opportunity to help him secure more wealth . Sounded like a deal to Cheng , and for the next six years , the husband and wife teamed up to grow their piracy business along the coast of the South China Sea , as far south as Malaysia . But then , in 1807 , Cheng passed away . Instead of stepping aside like a "  proper " widow , Cheng I Sao promptly took the reins . Thinking outside the treasure box Although clearly ahead of her time , Cheng I Sao was shrewd enough to realize that the pirate masses were n't likely as enlightened . So , her first act as leader was to make her husband 's second-in-command , Chang Pao , official captain of the fleet . While Chang Pao led the men into battle , Cheng I Sao focused her attention on business , military strategy , and the enormous task of governing a growing body of ruffians . In the years following her husband 's death , she steadily brought more and more outlaws under the banner of her Red Flag Fleet . In fact , Cheng I Sao was eventually responsible for nearly all the piracy in the region and her fleet exceeded the size of many countries ' navies . She also expanded the scope of the business , branching out from simple attack-and-pillage jobs to protection schemes , blackmail , and extortion . Cheng I Sao 's reach also extended to the mainland , where she set up an extensive spy network and developed economic ties with farmers who would supply her men with food . If Cheng I Sao 's business practices were exemplary , then her system of pirate law was nothing short of revolutionary . The code of conduct she wrote for her men prescribed much harsher punishments than previous pirate laws had . A disobeyed order was cause for beheading  as was stealing from the common plunder  , and deserters stood to lose their ears . Ironically , Cheng I Sao 's most famous laws applied to the taking of female prisoners . Ugly women were returned to shore , free of charge . Attractive captives were auctioned off to the crew , unless a pirate personally purchased the captive , in which case they were considered married . Of course , if that pirate cheated on his new bride , Cheng I Sao had him killed . The not-so-bitter end Murder , thievery , and intricate crime syndicates will eventually garner the full attention of the law , and Cheng I Sao certainly had the authorities on her tail . But , here again , she proved more successful than her male counterparts . Cheng I Sao repelled attack after attack by both the Chinese navy and the many Portuguese and British bounty hunters brought in to help capture her . Then , in 1810 , the Chinese government tried a different tactic -- they offered her universal pirate amnesty in exchange for peace . Cheng I Sao jumped at the opportunity and headed for the negotiating table . There , the pirate queen arranged what was , all told , a killer deal . Fewer than 400 of her men received any punishment , and a mere 126 were executed . The remaining pirates got to keep their booty and were offered military jobs . As for Cheng I Sao , she retired with her loot and her new husband  former righthand man , Chang Pao  and opened a gambling house . She died peacefully in 1844 , a 69-year-old grandmother . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Most successful pirate of all time was former prostitute Cheng I Sao Her code of conduct was harsher than other pirate laws Disobeying or stealing could cost you your head Pirates who bought pretty captives as wives risked death for adultery
The U.S. Navy rescued 282 people from six small vessels in the Mediterranean Sea after one of the boats began to sink , the military said Saturday . Five of the rescued were medically evacuated Friday to nearby Malta , and the remaining 277 people were transferred to an offshore patrol vessel belonging to Malta 's military , the U.S. Navy said . The amphibious assault ship USS Bataan and the frigate USS Elrod received a call Friday from an Italian military marine patrol aircraft , which spotted the sinking boat and five others , the Navy said . The Bataan launched two helicopters , which found a sinking boat and deployed swimmers to extract people from the water , the Navy said . The Elrod sent two of its own smaller watercraft to assist . The 282 people were brought aboard the Bataan , and the Navy posted a YouTube video of the rescued people -- apparent African migrants -- looking tired or grateful as they stepped aboard the warship . The Bataan provided them with food , water , medicine and sleeping blankets , according to the video . The U.S. military did n't immediately provide further details of the rescued or their destination . But southern Italy is a frequent gateway for African refugees seeking to enter European Union countries . Men , women and children often overcrowd unseaworthy or badly equipped boats to make the journey , which sometimes result in deadly shipwrecks . The deaths of more than 300 African migrants in a shipwreck off Lampedusa last October shocked Italy and the world , and led to calls for EU lawmakers to review their migration policies . Each year , tens of thousands of people are rescued from the Mediterranean , according to the European Union border agency , Frontex . The United Nations has expressed dismay over the rising number of migrants dying at sea . 17 killed in sinking of migrants ' ship off Italy At least 40 dead after boat sinks off Tripoli Migrants die as two boats capsize off Greek island	An Italian patrol aircraft sights six boats , one sinking Two U.S. Navy ships rescue a total of 282 people Five of the rescued are evacuated to nearby Malta African migrants often pack unseaworthy boats to reach Europe
OPRAH.com  -- One of the original Kings of Comedy , Steve Harvey is the host of one of the most popular radio shows in the country , "  The Steve Harvey Morning Show . " His first book , "  Act Like a Lady , Think Like a Man , " is shooting to the top of the best-seller lists , and Oprah Winfrey says she loves everything it has to say ! Harvey says this book has a special meaning for him . "  This is the first project that I did n't do for money , " he says . "  Other than my foundation -- mentoring programs -- everything I do is for money . I tell jokes for a check ; I 'm on TV for a check . ... But this -LSB- book -RSB- right here I did purely to empower women . " In his book , Harvey says the way a man introduces you gives good insight into the status of your relationship . If a man introduces you as a friend or says your name with no title at all , Harvey says you have nothing . "  We 're very protective . We mark our territory . If a man loves you ... he 's willing to profess it . He 'll give you a title after a while . You 're going to be his lady , his woman , his fiancée , his wife , his baby 's mama , something , " he says . "  If he 's introducing you after six months , ` This is ... Oprah , ' you should be standing there going , ` This is going nowhere . ' " Oprah.com : Read an excerpt from this best-selling book ! Man with a plan Another thing women need to understand , according to Harvey , is that every man has a plan . "  Men do n't come up to you to just talk . We come up to you with a plan , " he says . "  We 're looking across the room at you , and we do n't care about your hopes and dreams . We do n't care about what your future holds . We saw something we wanted . " When a man approaches a woman , Harvey says , he already knows what we wants from her , but he does n't know what it will cost . "  How much time do you want from me ? What your standards ? What are your requirements ? Because we 'll rise to the occasion no matter how high you set the bar if we want to , " he says . "  The problem is , women have stopped setting the bar high . " Oprah.com : What 's your love type ? The cookie Though a woman might want many things from a man , Harvey says men only need three things : support , loyalty and sex . Or as Harvey calls it , "  the cookie . " "  We 've got to have your support . Whatever adventure we 're out on , whatever pursuit in life , we need your support . Then we need your loyalty . That 's your love . We 've got to know that you belong to us , " he says . "  And we 've got to have a cookie . Everybody likes cookies . That 's the thing about a cookie . I like oatmeal raisin ... but if you 've got vanilla cream , I 'll eat that too . " Kickin ' it In his book , Harvey tells the story of his father-in-law 's first introduction to one of Harvey 's daughter 's boyfriends . " -LSB- My 26-year-old daughter -RSB- was dating this guy who was about 30 . He had been over to the house about four , five times . And my father-in-law was visiting from Memphis , " Harvey says . "  He 's in the kitchen and he 's eating and -LSB- my daughter 's -RSB- boyfriend is in there , and -LSB- my father-in-law -RSB- goes : ` So , son , sit down . Tell me , what 's your plan for my granddaughter ? ' " After plenty of hemming and hawing , Harvey says the boyfriend finally said that the two were just "  kickin ' it . " Harvey was pretty confident his daughter did n't have the same interpretation of the relationship , he says . "  I said : ` Cool . Let 's bring my daughter in there . Let 's inform her that she 's just being kicked ... let 's see if that 's what she wants to do , " he says . "  They broke up the next day . " Gone fishin ' Harvey says men are like fishermen -- but women are actually the ones looking for a good catch . You wo n't be able to find one , though , until you up your standards . "  You 've got sports fishermen , and you 've got guys out there fishing to eat . You 've got guys that are fishing to keep the fish , and you 've got guys that are fishing to catch them , unhook them and throw them back , " Harvey says . "  You 've got to determine along the way which one of the fish you 're going to be . " Without ironclad standards , Harvey says you 'll always end up back in the dating pool . "  You 've got to quit lowering your standards , " he says . "  Set your requirements up front so when a guy hooks you , he has to know this is business . " And do n't let the man set the pace of the relationship -- Harvey says it 's always the woman who has total control . "  With all that power , why do you suddenly relinquish this power just because you want a guy to accept you ? That 's stupid , " he says . "  Say : ` Look , if you want to be with me , this is what you got to do . This is what it takes to get to me . ' " When should you sleep with your new boyfriend ? As an auto plant worker , Harvey says he had to wait 90 days to receive benefits -- and says the same probation period should apply to dating . "  In 90 days they checked me out . They determined if I was easy to work with , if I got along well with others , if I showed up when I said I was going to show up , if I was worthy . " Women , Harvey says , hold the greatest benefit of all -- the cookie -- so there 's no reason to give it away until you know your man deserves it . "  Slow down , ladies , " Harvey says . "  Look , you can not run us off . " So what if you do n't want to wait 90 days ? Harvey says if you change the probation period , you do so at your own risk . "  You all keep changing the rules . And men are aware of the fact that you are changing the rules . We 're aware of the fact that you act desperate . We 're aware of the fact that you think there 's a good shortage of good men out there , " he says . "  We play on all of that . ... We created the term ` gold digger ' so you wo n't ask us for nothing . We created the term ` nagging ' so you can quit badgering us . These are terms that we created so you can require less of us . " Mr. fix-it Harvey says four little words can strike fear and dread into any man : We need to talk . "  You just drove a nail in his forehead , " Harvey says . Men are fixers , not talkers , Harvey says , so it 's better to get to the point . "  When you say , ` We need to talk , ' we put up the barriers , " he says . "  I tell ladies , just sit down and strike up a conversation . " Oprah.com : How to talk to a brick wall Turn off the text Social networking Web sites and text messages can be a great way to keep in touch with friends , but Harvey says it 's not the best way to date . "  You have nothing if you 're texting a guy in a relationship , " he says . "  We can text six women a minute . We can text it and push ` reply all . ' I mean , since we 're lying , we might as well lie to everybody . " If you want the relationship to be more , take it face-to-face . "  Women talk about -LSB- how -RSB- chivalry 's dead . Chivalry 's not dead -- it 's just not required anymore , " he says . "  You 've got to get a guy in your face . Look in his eyes . ... God has given you all this incredible thing called intuition . You 've got to use that . " Safety first You know you 've got a keeper when your man wants to make sure you 're always safe , Harvey says . Every man wants to protect his woman , and Harvey says this instinct kicks in when his wife , Marjorie , scuba dives . "  I ca n't go home without her . We 've got seven kids between us , " Harvey says . "  They need their mother . I 'm not a good mother at all . " Although Marjorie is a certified diver , Harvey is n't a swimmer . "  I have a security guy who can swim , " he says . "  So -LSB- he puts -RSB- on the snorkeling gear and when she goes down , I tell him , ` You swim over and just keep an eye on my wife . ' " Harvey also has instructions for everyone else on the boat . "  I told all the dive masters on the boat : ` If she does not come out of that water in 30 minutes , everybody in the water . Everybody . We 're doing a dive search right here , ' " he says . "  I do n't care if nobody -LSB- else -RSB- on the boat goes home . She goes home . " Oprah.com : How to read his body language From The Oprah Winfrey Show Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Comedian Steve Harvey says women set the bar too low when dating Harvey : Workers wait 90 days for benefits ; women should date 90 days before sex Texting is not dating , says Harvey , just easier way for men to tell more lies Men use terms like "  gold digger " and "  nagging " as weapons against women
SPRING HILL , Tennessee  CNN  -- The town that Saturn put on the map is worried about its future and its residents hope the auto plant and jobs wo n't go the way of its most famous product . The move to shut down Saturn has left some in Spring Hill , Tennessee , disappointed and perplexed . General Motors announced this week that it would close its Saturn line after its sale to Penske Automotive Group fell through . At the end of "  Saturn Parkway " in Spring Hill , Tennessee , sits the huge plant where -- as the ads touted -- "  a different kind of car company " produced a "  different kind of car . " The first Saturn , a red S-Series , rolled off the line in 1990 and it 's still on display at the factory . The factory , along with the town , have played a major role in the company 's image and advertisements , even hosting tours and "  reunions " for Saturn car owners . At City Hall , the walls are decorated with old photos of the small town Spring Hill was before Saturn came to town and what it 's grown into . "  I think people are very proud an American-made car was made here , " area resident Barbara Williams said . Mayor Mike Dinwiddie credits most of the town 's growth to the Saturn plant . "  GM , back in the mid 80 's , is the reason this town began to grow in the first place , " he said . Eventually , GM decided to move production elsewhere . The last Saturn made in Tennessee rolled off the line in 2007 . After retooling , GM started building the Chevrolet Traverse in Spring Hill , but that production is now on its way out too . In November , it will be moved to a plant in Michigan , leaving Spring Hill 's plant idle . The move to shut down Saturn has left some in town disappointed and perplexed . "  It 's been a great car , " remarked Keith Slep who runs an auto repair shop a few miles from the factory . Slep said he hoped Penske would have been able to keep the brand viable . "  He has a track record that wo n't quit of being a great business man and a good leader . I do n't know what happened , " Slep said . Williams said she was also stunned about the end of Saturn . "  I 'm like everyone else , ` How can this happen ? ' GM has been a forerunner in the automobile industry , and it 's just a really sad indictment on what is happening , " she said . "  We are kind of curious as to why the decisions have been made that have been made , " Dinwiddie said . "  I do know that what GM is trying to do now as a company -- as far as how they are trying to operate and what they are saying the improvements they need to make -- almost mirror what Saturn was 20 years ago . " Resident Joyce Avello puts the blame squarely on the federal government . "  It 's an abomination what the government is doing to the automotive industry ... Get it out of the government 's hands . They do n't know how to do cars . They can hardly do the government . " As for the future of Spring Hill , Dinwiddie is optimistic . "  I have to believe the plant is going to come back . It all depends on the overall economy , " he said . "  I hope that Americans start buying American products and start supporting the American auto manufacturing industry and if that happens , we 'll get a product in this plant . " Dinwiddie said he has been working with General Motors on a daily basis , and has invited President Obama and the auto recovery czar to come and tour the plant . "  I do n't think they understand what this plant is capable of doing and once they see that , I think that they will be well aware of the situation , and I think they could probably give us some help , " he said . At 94 , G.W. Bowman has lived in Spring Hill most of his life and remembers stories of his grandfather collecting the mail in the area during the Civil War . With Saturn gone and the local plant preparing to idle , Bowman said , "  Of course , it 's going to hurt , but it 's not going to kill Spring Hill . "	Saturn 's demise leaves Spring Hill , Tennessee , residents dismayed Town was where the first Saturn rolled off assembly line in 1990 GM announced plans to shut down Saturn brand after Penske fails to reach deal
RICHLAND HILLS , Texas  CNN  -- The machines are buzzing as dozens of workers package freshly made surgical masks . More than 1 million will be made in one day inside Prestige Ameritech 's manufacturing facility near Fort Worth , Texas . Prestige Ameritech in Texas will be making surgical masks around the clock because of the swine flu outbreak . The swine flu outbreak has made this small company a big deal . "  Everyone knows who we are now , " said Mike Bowen , executive vice president of the surgical mask manufacturer . "  It 's actually been pretty crazy . " Prestige Ameritech is ramping up production . For the first time in the company 's history , it will be manufacturing masks 24 hours a day , seven days a week . Bowen also is looking to hire up to 20 workers to handle the workload . Ever since Bowen and his business partner , Dan Reese , showed up to work Monday morning , the phones have n't stopped ringing . With the World Health Organization and national governments confirming cases of swine flu in at least 11 countries , orders for masks are coming in from around the world . "  We 're still trying to get a handle on everything , " Bowen said . Prestige Ameritech is the only surgical mask manufacturing company in the United States . Most surgical masks are made in Mexico and China . The company , with a workforce of 80 people , makes masks for major distributors , like 3M , who sell the masks to hospitals and doctors across the country . Health care suppliers say if the swine flu outbreak becomes a pandemic , it could severely strain hospitals ' efforts to get necessary equipment like masks , gloves and antibiotics . "  What this situation should teach us is that we need to take a critical look at where we source pandemic supplies and in what quantities , " said Mike Alkire , president of Purchasing Partners for Premier Inc. , a North Carolina-based healthcare improvement alliance with a division that negotiates supply contracts for its more than 2,100 member hospitals . "  We feel that they are in good shape overall , provided the disease does n't overwhelm our current resources or spread to a large number of additional communities , " Alkire said . With Prestige Ameritech operating at capacity , Bowen worries that a pandemic would create a surgical mask shortage in the United States . The first cases of swine flu in humans were detected in Mexico , where health officials suspect the virus in more than 150 deaths . Scenes of Mexican citizens walking city streets with masks are playing out daily . The Mexican government has handed out masks to the public . Bowen says the United States is not equipped to handle that kind of demand . Learn about swine flu and how to treat it " "  Surgical masks are used in hospitals . They 're not used in the general public , " Bowen said . "  So when the general public starts wanting face masks , the supply gets short really quickly . " He added : "  If there 's a pandemic , America wo n't be able to supply its own needs , because we 're pretty much it . " Bowen said that if the situation gets worse worldwide , countries like China and Mexico would keep surgical masks for their own citizens . He said he wants to make sure the surgical masks are going to health care professionals and not brokers looking to take financial advantage of this health scare . The shortage of American surgical-mask manufacturers is a critical weakness in the country 's ability to battle a pandemic outbreak , he said . "  Hopefully , this is n't the big one , " Bowen said . "  What we 're hoping is that this is just a wake-up call . "	"  Everyone knows who we are now , " company 's executive vice president says Texas manufacturer will produce masks 24 hours a day because of swine flu Company executive worries pandemic would create U.S. surgical mask shortage "  If there 's a pandemic , America wo n't be able to supply its own needs , " he says
Washington  CNN  -- The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that office rents in Washington are poised to overtake rents in New York City . Washington now boasts the lowest office vacancy rate in the nation . New York City is bleeding jobs , unemployment is over 10 percent . Washington is booming as government agencies like TARP and the General Services Administration expand . New York 's crisis and Washington 's growth is more than a business page story . Over two centuries , American culture has been shaped by the physical separation of politics and finance . The British might centralize everything in London , the French in Paris , the other countries of Europe in their great capitals , but the United States divided these functions . The Constitution of the new republic provided for an autonomous federal district . It did not specify where that district should be . Mexico and Argentina both have federal districts that coincide with their greatest cities , and that option was at least theoretically available to the United States as well . Instead , the capital was sited on the swampy banks of the Potomac , far from the great commercial centers of the founding era : Boston , New York , Philadelphia and Charleston . This decision had profound effects for the first 150 years of the new country 's life . If a business leader wanted to talk to a member of Congress or the Cabinet , he had to take a long train ride , often a very long train ride . Simpler and easier to leave the job to a lobbyist . Sheer physical distance interposed itself much of the time between the country 's financial , business , and political leaders . It was an event when the great J. Pierpont Morgan made his way here , and most of the titans of 19th century industry never appeared at all . In our own era , however , the distance has shrunk , decade by decade , faster and faster all the time . It 's not a coincidence that the impressive new premises of the Securities and Exchange Commission are located across the street from Washington 's Union Station . The power brokers do n't even have to hail a cab on disembarking from the Acela . And now the distance has vanished to nothing , and the one-time junior partner has gained the upper hand . The crisis of 2008 -- and the Great Recession of 2009 -- has interpenetrated government and finance in a way never before seen in the history of the United States . The kind of proximity to power once required only by defense contractors is suddenly required by all kinds of firms . Hilton Hotels will move from Beverly Hills to Washington . The accounting firm Deloitte will consolidate operations here , as will the legal firm McGuire Woods as it develops a new focus upon lobbying . The Federal government is now the majority owner of the lending arm of General Motors , GMAC . It owns the nation 's largest insurance company , AIG . It is banker , automaker , and lender of last , second and first resort . President Obama joked at his first White House correspondents ' dinner that he had just been named Auto Executive of the Year . Who would n't want to lease the office next door ? The Federal Reserve has acquired a portfolio of $ 1 trillion in mortgage securities . The government regulates salaries in the companies in which it holds interests -- and pay czar Kenneth Feinberg has lamented in a television interview that his power does not extend even further . "  The biggest disappointment , I think , is that under the statute my jurisdiction is so narrow , and so circumscribed , that I have no real direct mandatory power over other Wall Street or other national companies , " he said . But as Washington gains , the country loses . It loses something more than its ideals of free enterprise and private ownership . It loses the very American idea of a capital as a specialized locale to which specific tasks are delegated -- not an American Versailles where favors are distributed and attendance is mandatory . Not so long ago , Microsoft did n't even have a Washington office . Today Microsoft and Google are deadlocked in fiercer struggles than those that divide the oil lobby and the eco lobby . For those of us who reside in Washington , the change is mostly positive . Certainly the restaurants are vastly improved . But maybe the country was better when the food in the capital was worse . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum	Rents for offices in Washington could soon be more expensive than in New York David Frum says it 's a sign of Washington 's dominance as the new financial capital of U.S. He says long tradition of separating business , government centers has ended
Atlanta  CNN  -- Ernest Green hit the roads of the segregated South as a teen in the 1950s , using a travel guide that pointed out safe havens where African-Americans could eat and stay . The pamphlet promoted vacation without humiliation . On that trip in the 1950s , Green journeyed the 1,000 miles from Arkansas to Virginia with his mother , aunt and brother to attend his sister 's college graduation . His aunt and mother used the travel guide to plot the entire trip . "  It was one of the survival tools of segregated life , " Green says . Ernest Green became a symbol of the civil rights movement as one of the Little Rock Nine , a group of African-American students who braved death threats and harassment to become the first black students at Central High School in the Arkansas state capital in 1957 . A man with the same last name , but no relation , was behind the African-American travel guide , an institution among black families as they traveled the nation at a time when many businesses would n't allow them inside . Victor H. Green was a mail carrier in New York City 's predominantly black neighborhood of Harlem . He was tall , handsome and personable . In 1932 , he came up with the idea for a travel book to prevent African - Americans from being humiliated , especially in front of their families . "  The Green Book , " as it was known , was first published in 1936 . Initially , it pointed out friendly restaurants and hotels in New York . It eventually expanded to include everything from lodging and gas stations to tailor shops and doctor 's offices across the nation , as well as in Bermuda , Mexico and Canada . "  Through this guide a number of white business places have come to value and desire your patronage , " Victor Green wrote in the 20th anniversary of his travel guide . "  Without your support  the guide  could not have remained in business and no doubt would have failed as others did . "  We trust , in the future , your faith will be justified as in the past ; and in so doing , you will tell others of your satisfaction . " In the guide 's early years , Victor Green would travel to most locations his guide touted . But as the book expanded and he got older , he could n't visit every spot . In 1949 , the Green Book -- officially called "  The Negro Travelers ' Green Book " -- noted Wrigley Field in Chicago as a great place to stop . The book especially recommended the town of Robbins , Illinois , for being "  owned and operated by Negroes . " In Boise , Idaho , Hotel California got a thumbs up . Susan Sessions Rugh is the author of "  Are We There Yet ? " a book about how the road trip became part of the American lexicon after World War II . She says African-Americans had a much different experience than white travelers because they "  were not free to travel throughout the nation , " especially in the segregated South . "  They wanted to educate themselves and their children , and they had a desire to see the country and go on vacation just like anyone who was white . And so they set about doing that , " she says . "  To know where to stay , they could consult the Green Book . " Cotten Seiler , an associate professor of American studies at Dickinson College who has written extensively about automobiles and American society , adds that the Green Book steered African-Americans "  to these little oases for people of color . " "  It gives us a history of what we might call ` driving while black , ' " Seiler says . History had largely forgotten about the Green Book . Then came author and playwright Calvin Alexander Ramsey . He 'd never heard of the book until the funeral of a family friend in Georgia about a decade ago . An older relative , coming from New York , asked him , "  Do I need a Green Book ? " "  I said , ` What 's the Green Book ? ' ... and that kind of sent me on a search . " Ramsey 's play , "  The Green Book , " debuted last year in Washington and featured former NAACP head Julian Bond as Victor Green . Ramsey also wrote a children 's book , "  Ruth and the Green Book , " about the perils a Chicago family faced while traveling to Alabama in 1952 to visit a grandmother . The family was welcomed at Esso gas stations , which sponsored the Green Book . "  People were traveling but they were still having difficulties , " Ramsey says , adding that his works are a tribute to Victor Green for helping African-Americans navigate their first American road trips . Ramsey recently read his children 's book to a group of fifth graders at an Atlanta school for Black History Month . He encouraged the children to never forget the past -- and to keep on journeying across the country . The Green Book eventually stopped being published in the 1960s , following the passage of the Civil Rights Act , which outlawed forms of discrimination , including racial segregation . Unlike most businessmen , Victor Green had always looked forward to the day his business would no longer be relevant . "  There will be a day sometime in the near future when this guide will not have to be published , " he wrote in his foreword in 1949 . "  That is when we as a race will have equal opportunities and privileges in the United States . "  It will be a great day for us to suspend this publication , for then we can go wherever we please , and without embarrassment . "	Travel guide , known as the "  Green Book , " helped African-Americans travel nation The guide was started in 1936 by a Harlem mailman named Victor Green Professor : "  It gives us a history of what we might call ` driving while black ' "
CNN  -- New York eighth-grader Arvind Mahankali is the fiercest speller around . No word can foil him , as he proved Thursday when he beat out other Scripps National Spelling Bee contestants by spelling "  knaidel " correctly . "  I know this . I got this , " he told CNN 's "  Early Start " on Friday morning , recalling how he confidently steadied himself before enunciating every letter in the Yiddish word of German origin meaning dumpling . When he uttered the final letter , the audience erupted in wild applause . The 13-year-old is feeling good even though he knows he wo n't be able to compete again since there 's a limit on contestants beyond the eighth-grade . Mahankali is n't the type of kid who stops at spelling domination . "  Next year I 'll try to go somewhere in the Math Olympiad and the Physics Olympiad , " he said . The Bayside Hills , New York , teen , who wants to become a physicist , finished third in two previous national bees . He was eliminated after misspelling words with German roots . "  I thought that the German curse had turned into a German blessing , " he said . It did n't hurt that he studied constantly , telling CNN that he browsed through the dictionary and let his mother quiz him . "  My dad collects words . I look up those words and get familiarity with those words . " Ending his Scripps career with a victory means he 's "  retiring on a good note , " he said . "  I shall spend the summer , " he said , "  maybe  an  entire day , studying physics . " Pranav Sivakumar , a 13-year-old from Tower Lakes , Illinois , finished second . He missed on "  cyanophycean . " Then Mahankali nailed "  tokonoma " and "  knaidel , " and the rest is history . The annual contest offers the winner a healthy dose of classroom cred , $ 32,500 in cash and savings bonds , a trophy and a library of reference materials . Contest is n't bee-all and end-all Eleven million schoolchildren participated in preliminaries leading up to the national contest this week . Of those , 281 children made the trip to Oxon Hill , Maryland , outside Washington , for the national bee . Eleven spellers made it through to the finals . Among them were 63 children who had been to at least one national bee before , and had to prepare for some changes in the rules for this year 's events . For the first time , participants had to demonstrate proficiency in vocabulary in addition to spelling . Organizers also added an additional computer test for the semifinals , imposed time limits on computer-based spelling and vocabulary tests , and added a rule that resulted in automatic elimination for any participant who misspelled a word on stage in the second or third rounds . CNN 's Athena Jones and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	Arvind Mahankali correctly spells "  tokonoma , " then "  knaidel " in Scripps National Spelling Bee Mahankali says he thought , "  I got this , " when the judges told him the winning word Prize package includes $ 32,500 in cash and savings bonds It was final year to compete for Mahankali , who twice before finished third in contest
CNN  -- By 2050 , minorities will be the majority in America , and the number of residents older than 65 will more than double , according to projections released Thursday by the U.S. Census Bureau . The Census Bureau looks at 2000 results and assumptions about future childbearing , mortality rates and migration . Minorities , classified as those of any race other than non-Hispanic , single-race whites , currently constitute about a third of the U.S. population , according to Census figures . But by 2042 , they are projected to become the majority , making up more than half the population . By 2050 , 54 percent of the population will be minorities . Minority children are projected to reach that milestone even sooner . By 2023 , the bureau said , more than half of all children will be minorities . "  Part of it is a higher fertility rate for some of the minority groups , Hispanics in particular , " said Dave Waddington , chief of the Census Bureau 's population projection branch , which issued the report . "  Those groups also tend to be more of the childbearing age . Non-Hispanic white people tend to be a little bit older . " The projections are based on Census 2000 results and assumptions about future childbearing , mortality rates and net international migration , the bureau said . The group predicted to post the most dramatic gain is the Hispanic population . It is projected to nearly triple , from 46.7 million to 132.8 million , from 2008 through 2050 , the bureau said . Its share of the total U.S. population is expected to double from 15 to 30 percent . "  Thus , one in three U.S. residents would be Hispanic , " the Census Bureau said in a news release . The African-American population is projected to increase from 41.1 million to 65.7 million by 2050 , going from 14 percent of the U.S. population to 15 percent . The Asian-American population is expected to increase from 15.5 million to 40.6 million , or from 5.1 percent to 9.2 percent of the population . Among the remaining races , the bureau said , American Indians and Alaska natives are projected to increase from 3.9 million to 8.6 million , going from 1.6 percent to 2 percent of the U.S. population . Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islanders are expected to more than double , increasing from 1.1 to 2.6 million . In addition , the number of U.S. residents identifying themselves as being of two or more races is projected to more than triple , increasing to 16.2 million from its current 5.2 million , the Census Bureau said . Meanwhile , the non-Hispanic white population is not expected to post dramatic gains in the same period . By 2050 , whites are expected to number 203.3 million , slightly increased from the 2008 number of 199.8 million . Whites will comprise 46 percent of the U.S. population by 2050 , down from the current level of 66 percent , the bureau said , as the group is projected to lose population in the 2030s and 2040s . By 2030 , all baby boomers will be age 65 and older -- comprising nearly 20 percent of U.S. residents , or one in five Americans , the bureau said . By 2050 , the 65-and-older age group will increase to 88.5 million , more than doubling its current number of 38.7 million . Meanwhile , the number of those age 85 and older is expected to more than triple , from 5.4 million in 2008 to 19 million by 2050 . Non-Hispanic whites make up most of the baby boomers , Waddington said . "  They 're in a higher mortality rate ... nonminority groups tend to be older and dying off faster " instead of reproducing at the rate projected for minorities . Obviously , the projections will have "  very strong policy implications , " he said -- medical care for an increasingly elderly population , for instance , educational needs for increasing numbers of minority children and economic effects for the labor force . "  Who 's going to do the jobs that are characteristically held right now by certain types of people ? " Waddington said . "  All those things are subject to change . " The United States is projected to reach the 400 million population milestone in 2039 , according to bureau projections . By 2050 , the population is expected to be 439 million . Of those , 235.7 million are expected to be minorities . As U.S. cities and towns have increasingly become more diverse , Census officials knew the day of a majority minority would come , Waddington said . And "  the aging one is sort of simple , " he added . "  That 's demography 101 . " Other highlights from the report released Thursday : • By 2050 , 62 percent of the nation 's children will be minorities , up from 44 percent today . Of those , 39 percent are projected to be Hispanic , up from 22 percent in 2008 , and 38 percent are projected to be white , down from 56 percent in 2008 • The percentage of the U.S. population between the ages of 18 and 64 -- the "  working age " population -- is projected to decrease to 57 percent in 2050 from 63 percent in 2008 . • The working-age population will become more than 50 percent minority in 2039 , and by 2050 will constitute 55 percent of the population . • By 2050 , the working-age population will be more than 30 percent Hispanic , up from 15 percent in 2008 ; 15 percent African-American , up from 13 percent in 2008 ; and 9.6 percent Asian , up from 5.3 percent in 2008 . Waddington said the timelines are not written in stone . "  It 's a projection . And things like the baby boom generation could n't be predicted . " Major changes in policy affecting families and children , or a major policy affecting immigration , could have an impact on the expectations , he said . The nation 's undocumented workers -- estimated at 12 million or more -- are included in the projections , Waddington said . Census data includes all U.S. residents , regardless of their legal status , he said . CNN 's Ashley Broughton contributed to this report .	Census : By 2050 , 54 percent will be other than non-Hispanic , single-race whites Number of U.S , residents older than 65 expected to more than double Hispanic population projected to make the largest gains Census official says the timelines are not written in stone
CNN  -- Hundreds of women nationwide are suing the manufacturer and designer of a hair smoothing product that they say caused them severe hair loss and other damages . At the center of the dispute is Suave Professionals Keratin Infusion 30-Day Smoothing Kit , a hair treatment product for women who wanted "  smooth , shiny manageable hair with no frizz . " Josephine Wells and Catherine Reny , among some other plaintiffs in a California federal court , wrote in a lengthy complaint that the manufacturer , Unilever , knew but failed to disclose that the product "  contains an ingredient or combination of ingredients that causes significant hair loss upon proper application . " That California case -- filed last week and represented by the Law Office of Jana Eisinger , PLLC , as well as Morgan and Morgan P.C. -- was added to several other multimillion-dollar pending lawsuits against Unilever as well as partners LEK and Conopco . They face various claims such as personal injury , negligence and false advertising . Unilever also failed to warn consumers of the product 's potential risks to their scalp , even after it "  knew or should have known of its hazards , " the complaint read , adding that it instead used deceptive marketing strategies . The product claimed to be based in keratin , a protein naturally found in hair and would not contain dangerous chemicals , but pictures attached to the complaint showed some women suffering visible bald spots , broken and discolored hair , and burned scalp . The product , which Unilever said was discontinued last year , might still be for sale at some retailers , said Amy Davis , an attorney with Dallas-based law firm Christiansen Davis Bullock LLC that 's representing some women in a New Jersey state court . More than 380,000 units were recalled , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said . The plaintiffs claimed the product deceivingly used an ingredient that would release formaldehyde -- a cancer-causing substance that could also lead to symptoms including irritation , skin sensitivity and breathing difficulties , according to the U.S. Department of Labor 's Occupational Safety and Health Administration . Unilever said the product was instead formaldehyde-free . "  MY BEAUTIFUL ITALIAN HAIR , is damaged from this product from HELL !!!! Like I do n't have enough grief in my life , now I have had to cut off about 5 inches of my hair , I 've been having to condition it every day , " wrote one woman on a Facebook campaign page launched last year aimed at collecting evidence of damages . "  This product from hell needs to be removed from the market . It 's false advertising/misleading advertising and ruins women 's hair !!! " In an e-mail sent to CNN on Thursday , Unilever spokeswoman Anita Larsen declined to comment on the pending litigation . "  The company takes these claims very seriously , " she said . "  The safety of all of our products is of paramount concern to Unilever . " Larsen added no other Suave Keratin Infusion products were affected . Do 's and do n'ts for DIY skincare	Hundreds of women nationwide are suing manufacture of a Suave hair smoothing product The product caused severe hair loss and other damages , the women say Unilever , the manufacturer , says product safety is of paramount concern
CNN  -- Images believed to be of China 's next generation of military air power have been buzzing around the internet , but Pentagon officials are insisting it does not mean China has matched American air capabilities . The new Chinese stealth fighter jet , known as the J-20 , is n't supposed to be operational until at least 2017 , but a Chinese air force commander told Chinese TV in 2009 that flight testing would begin much sooner . Stealth jets , such as the United States ' F-22 , are designed to evade detection by radar and anti-aircraft defenses . Now unknown sources have posted photos of what appears to be the plane on an airfield runway in southwestern China . "  We are aware of their plans to develop this fifth-generation fighter , " Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan said Wednesday . "  The photos that were released recently are presumably of some taxi testing . " At a Thursday briefing , Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei declined to comment on reports on China testing the jet . "  China insists on a path of peaceful development , " he said . "  We have adopted a national defense policy that is defensive in nature and do not threaten any other countries . China has been an important force in maintaining regional and global peace . " The emergence of the photos comes as Defense Secretary Robert Gates heads to China this weekend to discuss the military relationship between the U.S. and China . And later this month , President Hu Jintao will go to Washington for a summit with President Barack Obama . One China watcher says Beijing 's failure to censor the grainy images on the web proves the photos are of the new jet and the country wants them to circulate . "  The Chinese military and the police could have swept the area around the airfield very easily , but what they 've done is they 've controlled this . They 've allowed Chinese to only take photos with cell phones , meaning that the photos that we have are low-resolution , do not give us a great deal of detail about the aircraft and they 're put on the web with a low-resolution format , " said China military scholar and author Richard Fisher . "  The response within China has been overwhelmingly positive and has spurred national pride to an enormous degree . " The Pentagon is taking a low-key approach to the surge in publicity about the Chinese fighter , saying their existing top-of-the-line warplane has engine problems and that their next plane is years away . But Fisher says that timeline could be sped up if the Chinese buy an engine from Russia as opposed to developing it themselves . "  It 's something that is in some form of development , as a fifth-generation fighter . As I noted , the Chinese are still having difficulties with their fourth-generation fighter , " Lapan said in an off-camera question session with journalists in his office . And he said that while the new jet was not mentioned in the Pentagon report on China that was sent to Congress in August as an annual update for China 's defense capabilities , the Defense Department has talked about it . "  We as a department have publicly spoken about it in the past . It is not as if we have not acknowledged that they are pursuing a fifth-generation fighter , " Lapan said . "  So we are aware of it . But it is not of concern that they are working on a fifth-generation fighter . " Fisher , however , says it should be a concern , citing the Chinese jet 's potential ability to overtake that of America 's F-22 in thrust and "  supercruise " speed , which is the ability to fly supersonically without using fuel-guzzling afterburners . "  We ca n't say precisely what the capabilities are , but we have a good idea . Right now , we should be reviving production of the F-22 and not just reviving production , we should be developing an advance version of the F-22 , " said Fisher . "  And sadly , even though it is a troubled program , already the F-35 needs another rework . It needs to be made competitive with this fighter . " The F-22 was scaled back in production in 2009 . The production of the F-35 , which is being developed and tested , could be slowed under Gates ' budget-cutting initiative . In 2009 , Gates said that no nation comes close to the United States ' air power , and he anticipated the Chinese having only "  a handful " of fighters that challenge the U.S. advanced fleets by 2025 . But Fisher cautions that this Chinese jet could cause a change in the balance of power in the Pacific . "  Since World War II , the American military has never gone into battle without the assurance of air superiority . China is a rising power , and it is determined to challenge the American position globally , " said Fisher . "  This fighter will allow them to do that on a military level ... and from my perspective , that 's simply unacceptable . " CNN 's Steven Jiang in Beijing contributed to this report .	Grainy web images of what is believed to be a new Chinese fighter jet create a stir Known as the J-20 , stealth fighter is n't supposed to be operational until at least 2017 A Pentagon spokesman says the United States is aware of situation , but it is n't fretful about it A military scholar says the development is a threat to U.S. military superiority in the Pacific
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- President Obama took a brief hiatus from his health care push on Monday , promising increased help for America 's war veterans in dealing with life after combat . More money will be spent to treat and screen war veterans for post-traumatic stress and brain injuries , Obama says . Obama , speaking to the Veterans of Foreign Wars convention in Phoenix , said his government will always honor military service and never abandon what he called true American heroes . Obama promised increased spending to help war veterans cope with post-traumatic stress and traumatic brain injury , calling those "  the defining injuries of today 's wars . " "  So , caring for those affected by them is a defining purpose of my budget -- billions of dollars more for treatment and mental-health screening to reach our troops on the front lines and more mobile and rural clinics to reach veterans back home , " Obama said . "  We are not going to abandon these American heroes . We are going to do right by them . " The president also repeated he intends to have all U.S. combat brigades out of Iraq by the end of August 2010 , and all other U.S. troops out of that country by the end of 2011 . The VFW and ladies auxiliary delegates applauded when he promised to eliminate wasteful Pentagon practices that he said squander billions of dollars that would better be used for supporting U.S. troops and veterans . "  This is not a Democratic issue or a Republican issue , " Obama said . "  It 's about giving our troops the support that they need . And that 's something that all Americans should be able to agree to . " The crowd laughed when Obama cited one example of needless spending -- for a presidential helicopter that he said would enable him to cook a meal when the nation was under nuclear attack . "  Now let me tell you something -- if the United States of America is under nuclear attack , the last thing on my mind will be whipping up a snack , " he said . Overall , Obama was intent on cementing his support from a key voting demographic that generally tends to back conservative candidates . In a thinly veiled dig at the previous administration , he complained that U.S. forces were being used for far more tasks than fighting wars . While pledging to never hesitate "  to use force to protect the American people or our vital interests , " Obama also said any decision to deploy U.S. forces would be based on strategic necessity and "  good intelligence . " "  And I will give you a clear mission , defined goals and the equipment and support you need to get the job done , " he said to applause . The Obama administration has committed more resources and troops to Afghanistan to battle the insurgency and train Afghan security forces , while also sending additional diplomats and civilian aid workers to focus on reconstruction and development . Obama noted the mission includes providing security for this week 's presidential election there . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , told The Wall Street Journal that he is still considering a request to send 10,000 more troops to Afghanistan in addition to the planned 68,000 troops who are expected to be in place by the end of the year . Obama made no mention of any troop levels for Afghanistan in his speech . His appearance before the VFW wrapped up his four-day swing through the West . The president has spent the past few days traveling through Montana and Colorado , where he held a series of town hall meetings to promote health care reform , his top domestic priority . He raised the health care issue in his speech to war veterans , pledging that their medical benefits would be untouched in any overhaul of the nation 's health care system . "  No one is going to take away your benefits . That is the plain and simple truth , " Obama said in reference to what he called misinformation on the issue . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : President promises more money to help veterans cope with postwar life NEW : Money would help with post-traumatic stress and traumatic brain injury Obama speaks to Veterans of Foreign Wars convention
CNN  -- She has played football at the highest level for her country , and has returned to the top of her game after a career lull , but Park Eun-seon is suffering "  humiliating " scrutiny of the most personal kind . In a controversy that echoes the ordeal of South African runner Caster Semenya , the 27-year-old is facing accusations about her gender . At 1.80 meters tall and weighing 74 kg , Park was top scorer in the South Korean women 's league last season with 19 goals and she led Seoul City Hall Amazones to second place in the table . However , six rival teams have threatened a boycott if Park , who went to the 2004 Olympics , continues to play . Her club manager Seo Jung-ho has leaped to her defense and was quoted in the local media saying it was a "  conspiracy " because she had shown remarkably improved form after a slump . Park took to social media to give her side of the story . "  My heart aches and it is humiliating , " she wrote on her Facebook page , according to local media . "  I 've been through gender tests many times and competed in the World Cup and the Olympics . "  I know these people are trying to destroy me ... In the past , I would have thrown my hands up and left , but I 've worked so hard to get to this point , and I will not give up so easily . " There was also a robust response from lawmakers at the government-run Seoul City Sports Council on Thursday . In a statement released to CNN , the sports council said the actions of the rival clubs were an infringement on her human rights and it demanded an official apology . "  Park 's gender was tested by Korean Football Association in 2004 when she was selected to national team for Athens Olympics , " it said . "  The demand from coaches from six different clubs to test the gender of Park again is double jeopardy . "  This is betraying the fundamental human rights of a player which should be protected at all means . " Like in the case of track and field star Semenya , the controversy has become a major talking point in South Korea , with high-profile politicians getting involved . The mayor of the capital Seoul , Park Won-soon , tweeted : "  As the father of a daughter , I will do my best to protect Park Eun-seon 's human rights , " local media reported . Back in 2009 , Semenya came under international spotlight after dominating the women 's 800 meters at the world championships . She was forced to undergo a gender test and was only cleared to return to competition the following year . Winning strong support in South Africa , Semenya carried her country 's flag at the opening ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics and went on to win a silver medal .	South Korean female footballer caught up in gender row Park Eun-seon represented her country at 2004 Athens Olympics She top-scored for her club Seoul City Amazones last season Other clubs demanding she is excluded from the league
London , England  CNN  -- "  I had to be stitched into those pants , " Olivia Newton-John recalls of the skin-tight black trousers she worn in the film "  Grease " . That fact will come as no surprise to the millions of people who have watched the iconic scene at the end of the smash hit film musical . "  But they were quite comfortable , " she assured CNN 's Max Foster , "  despite what they looked like . " But those trousers , "  made of some sort of shark skin material " she says , plus a string of memorable songs from the film including "  Summer Nights " and "  You 're The One That I Want " helped propel Olivia Newton-John to superstardom which has continued to this day . The British-born actress , who was raised in Australia from the age of five , was already an established singing star -- having won three Grammy Awards -- prior to being cast as Sandy Olssen alongside John Travolta 's Danny Zuko in the 1978 film . And many of the songs from that era still rank among her favorites in a recording career which has produced over 30 albums including the 1981 double platinum selling "  Physical " -- which spawned the single of the same name and a craze for spandex and leg warmers . "  The songs I did with John Farrar -LSB- the Australian producer and songwriter -RSB- are among my favorites . And a lot of those songs , ` Magic ' and ` Suspended in Time ' are on ` Xanadu , ' " -LSB- the soundtrack from the 1980 film -RSB- . Of her more recent recordings she cites 2006 's "  Grace and Gratitude " as another favorite . "  It was a healing CD that was very personal for me , " she said . After the runaway success of the early 1980s Newton-John was preparing for a comeback in 1992 when she was diagnosed with breast cancer . The diagnosis changed the course of her life forever . After successfully beating the disease , Newton-John talked openly about her experience and became a passionate advocate for early detection and helping other women cope with the disease . "  I 'm so grateful to be here , 17 years after being diagnosed , " she told CNN . "  I want to empower other women to be really observant of their breast health and do regular breast self-examination . " She also has a Website -- http://www.liv.com// -- which provides information on breast self-examination . "  When I talk to women in my age bracket , they 're afraid . I understand the fear but if there is something wrong , the earlier you find it , the better chance you have of a healthy outcome , " she said . Cancer awareness is n't the only cause she lends her name to . Along with her second husband John Easterling , who she married in 2008 , Newton-John helps promote education about rainforests . "  We 're helping educate the children of the Amazon to realize the importance of the living rainforest so that when the timber and oil companies come in they know to save it . " Three decades on from her life-changing appearance in "  Grease " , Newton-John is still finding plenty things in her life to become hopelessly devoted to .	Singer and actress Olivia Newton-John speaks to CNN 's Connect the World Star of hit musical "  Grease " a prominent campaigner for breast cancer awareness Newton-John also a passionate advocate of rainforest protection
CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron and a contingent of ministers and business leaders arrived in Beijing Tuesday as part of a tour to boost bilateral trade with the world 's second-largest economy . "  This week I am leading one of the biggest and most high-powered British delegations ever to visit China , " Cameron said in a piece written for the Wall Street Journal . "  We aim to deliver more than 40 specific agreements across the whole range of our bilateral relationship , from trade to low-carbon growth , to cultural and education initiatives , " he said in the piece that appeared Tuesday . "  All of it , seeking to take Britain 's relationship with China to a new level and to achieve strong co-operation on our shared economic and political interests . " "  It is the biggest delegation ever to China , led by a British Prime Minister , " Sebastian Wood , British ambassador to China , told a press briefing in the embassy prior to the visit , according to China 's Xinhua news agency . Wood said discussions will be held on a wide range of topics including trade , finance , energy and education . "  We will announce new agreements to develop co-operation on international energy supply and a new U.K.-China partnership scheme to promote low-carbon growth . We will aim to enhance cooperation in Africa and enhance China 's peacekeeping capacity , " Cameron said . "  We will discuss our shared interests in international security . We want to work with China to help in global efforts to prevent Iran acquiring a nuclear weapon , and to put pressure on corrupt and intolerant regimes in Africa . We hope we can work closely together to prevent conflagration in North Korea and to improve the situation for the Burmese people . " Cameron 's visit to China is his first as prime minister . China reported last year that it recorded an 8.7 percent growth in its gross domestic product -- a broad mesaure of economic output -- defying global economic trends . Over the last 30 years , China 's economic growth has averaged nearly 10 percent , surpassing Japan and moving into the No. 2 spot behind the United States . "  We are working to agree a new target to double the value of our bilateral trade with China by 2015 to more than $ 100 billion a year , " Cameron said . "  And within this we intend to raise U.K. exports to China to $ 30 billion per year over the same period . "	Large British delegation visits China to talk trade Visit is Cameron 's first to China as prime minister Topics of the visit will include trade , finance , energy and education .
CNN  -- Two leading world sports officials were sanctioned by the International Olympic Committee Thursday over cash payments they received from a collapsed sports marketing agency . The IOC executive board meeting in Lausanne handed down a warning to IAAF president Lamine Diack of Senegal , while Cameroon 's Issa Hayatou , who heads the African football conferederation  CAF  , was reprimanded . But both will remain as IOC members . The board was acting on recommendations made by the IOC Ethics Commission , who launched an investigation into corruption after a BBC television documentary which accused both men of taking money from International Sports and Leisure  ISL  . The agency , which was declared bankrupt with debts of around $ 300,000 in 2001 , had among its clients FIFA and the IAAF , which runs world athletics . The documentary also placed former FIFA President Joao Havelange under the microscope . The 95-year-old Brazilian resigned as an IOC member earlier this week and the case against him was closed . IOC President Jacques Rogge told a media conference Thursday that the fact Diack and Hayatou were not IOC members at the time they had taken money was a "  mitigating circumstance . " He added : "  The IOC has proved that we have a high respect for ethical behavior . " He refused to comment on Havelange 's resignation . Havelange resigns from IOC The details of the findings in the cases against Hayatou and Diack were published on the IOC official website Thursday . Hayatou admitted in his evidence that he had received 100,000 French francs from ISL in 1995 , but claimed that it was used to celebrate the 40th anniversary of CAF , which he has headed since 1987 . He produced minutes of a meeting in 1998 and a note from the CAF Finance Director from March 2011 to back his claims , but the IOC cast doubt on his explanation . "  It  the Ethics Commission  noted that the documents produced by the person concerned , drawn up a long time after receipt of the funds , do not guarantee that the payments were indeed made into the CAF accounts , " read their ruling . "  It considers that personally accepting a sum of money in these conditions constitutes a conflict of interests . " Diack confirmed that in 1993 he had received three cash payments totaling $ 30,000 and 30,000 French francs from ISL executive Jean-Marie Weber . He said Weber had given him the money because he felt sorry for him after his house was burnt down "  for political reasons " in March 1993 . He denied any connection between the marketing contract that ISL and the IAAF , of which he was then a vice-president , signed in June that year . The Ethics Commission took into account his personal circumstances at the time , but added : "  It notes that by accepting a cash donation in these conditions from a marketing partner of the International Federation of which he was vice-president , Mr Lamine Diack placed himself in a conflict of interests situation . " Hayatou 's reprimand is a more serious sanction , but Rogge confirmed both men will be able to continue all their duties as IOC members .	Two leading sports officials sanctioned by IOC over cash payments CAF president Cameroon 's Issa Hayatou reprimanded IAAF president Lamine Diack receives a warning Both will remain IOC members despite the punishments
CNN  -- Derbies often provide the highlight of any football season -- whether that be Boca Juniors vs. River Plate , AC Milan vs. Inter or Arsenal vs. Spurs -- and Major League Soccer  MLS  is now hoping that Los Angeles can join that illustrious list . For the hope for the city 's new franchise , whose working title is simply Los Angeles Football Club , is that it can have an intense rivalry with four-time champions LA Galaxy . The first derby is scheduled to take place in 2017 , when the club is set to enter the league . And it should be a high profile event if any of the illustrious co-owners , NBA legend Magic Johnson , U.S. football great Mia Hamm and her husband , Major League Baseball star , Nomar Garciaparra , attend . "  We feel strongly that this city can not only support but will really thrive with two teams -- rivals on and off the field , " said Don Garber , the MLS ' long-standing commissioner . Garber 's enthusiasm for the new franchise -- which also numbers motivational speaker Tony Robbins and controversial Cardiff City owner Vincent Tan among its diverse 22-person ownership group -- is seemingly limitless . "  This visionary ownership group will chart a course that will further elevate the sport in this great city and , combined with a new state-of-the-art stadium , accelerate us down the path toward becoming one of the top leagues in the world , " he added . Yet the MLS is well aware of the need for caution given that Los Angeles FC 's creation comes just three days after the city 's former second club , Chivas , ceased operations following 10 years of existence . Set up in 2005 by Jorge Vergara , the owner of Mexican side Chivas de Guadalajara , and Mexico City businessman Antonio Cue , the American Chivas failed in its aim of tapping into the interest of LA 's sizeable Hispanic community . The fact that the club ground-shared with Galaxy may have hindered its ability to establish its own identity , which might explain why a new stadium for Los Angeles FC is a leading priority . "  We believe this team can become one of the most outstanding clubs in the MLS and a globally-recognized brand , " said the ownership group 's leader , Henry Nguyen , in a statement . "  Today is day one and time for us to focus on developing a world-class stadium for the club to play in and for fans to enjoy . " MLS Commissioner Garber wholeheartedly agrees . "  There are four key elements to success in MLS soccer , " he said . "  You need a community that loves the game , owners that are passionate about the league , and you need to have them be local - it 's important for them to come from the community yet support that effort with resources from international investors , which is very much the case here . "  Lastly , we need to have a plan for a stadium , whether that is a large stadium downtown or a soccer stadium that we start from scratch . " "  We have all of those elements here . " In addition to uncertainty about the team 's official name , prospective fans must also wait for confirmation of who will form the front office , coaching and administrative staff . What is known is that Peter Guber , who owns NGA 's Golden State Warriors and co-owns Major League Baseball 's Los Angeles Dodgers , will serve as executive chairman . Los Angeles FC 's presence will make the MLS a 22-team league in 2017 with New York City FC , which is co-owned by English Premier League side Manchester City and baseball side New York Yankees , and Orlando City joining next season . Starting with ten teams in 1996 , the MLS will thus double in size to 20 teams as it enter its 20th year .	Los Angeles Football Club will join MLS in 2017 City 's second team boasts Magic Johnson and Mia Hamm among its co-owners MLS hopes club will form an intense rivalry with LA Galaxy Club 's creation can help MLS ` become one of world 's top leagues '
In parental torment over what became of his son and 42 other missing Mexican students , Isrrael Galindo rejects official accounts they apparently were massacred . He hopes that somehow his son and the others are still alive . "  I think they have him arrested or locked up . I do n't know where he is , but if I knew , I would go get him , " Galindo said of Israel , 19 , his namesake son with a different spelling . "  I want him to know that I love him , " he added , beginning to weep . "  I want him alive . " Anguish overwhelms Galindo and grows daily , ever since the aspiring primary school teachers disappeared September 26 in a violent clash with police during a political protest that also left six people dead , including three other students . The mass disappearance is so haunting that Galindo ca n't believe it befell his son . The father has n't seen Israel in eight years , since migrating to California to find work and send money to his wife and their four sons back in Mexico , but the memory of him burns vividly . The 43 missing students went missing after they had been captured by police in the city of Iguala , in Guerrero state . They allegedly were turned over to a gang in cartel territory and then executed in a dumpster in Cocula , 14 miles away . The gang burned the bodies and dumped them in a river , authorities say . Fighting a "  monster " Like many other parents and their supporters , Galindo excoriates Mexican officials in the same breath that he asserts his son is alive . "  I do n't lose faith , but we have fought and fought this monster in front of us , and we ca n't get ahead , " said Galindo , 66 , a handyman who lives in San Jose and is believed to be the only U.S.-based parent of any of the 43 students . The "  monster " is the Mexican government , Galindo says . He does n't believe what authorities say about the students having been tortured and killed . The story is a way for Mexican authorities to push the case aside and move on , he says . The 43 students were mostly men in their 20s from a college outside Iguala devoted to helping poor , rural schools . So far , authorities have charged Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca as the "  probable mastermind " in the 43 students ' disappearance , and he has been charged with six counts of aggravated homicide and one count of attempted homicide , authorities said . In all , at least 74 people have been arrested in connection with the disappearances and the deaths , and the governor of Guerrero has taken a leave of absence amid scorching criticism that he responded too slowly to what 's been called one of the most serious human rights abuses in recent Latin American history . Galindo is n't satisfied with those arrests . "  I ca n't tell you that our government is n't doing anything . They say one thing and then promise another . They say they are going to do something , and they deviate and they do n't do anything , " Galindo said . Uproar at highest places The inability of authorities to locate the 43 students or their bodies is an open wound on the psyche of the 43 families and Mexican society . The case is being compared by human rights activists to Mexico City 's Tlatelolco Square massacre on the eve of the 1968 Olympics there , in which police are alleged to have killed as many as 300 student demonstrators calling for greater democracy in what was then a one-party system . The current public uproar has touched the highest political and religious institutions in Mexico . At the holiest of shrines devoted to Mexico 's patron saint , some parents prayed to the Virgin at the Basilica of Guadalupe in Mexico City , chanting "  alive they were taken , alive we want them returned . " "  We have come here so that the Virgin will give us a miracle , to give us a hand , so that my son and the others will appear , " Clemente Rodriguez Moreno , father of missing Christian , told AFP at the Basilica in October . Then , demonstrators spray-painted and tried to burn a door to the Palacio Nacional , or National Palace , in Mexico City 's central square in unsuccessful effort to breach it . On November 20 , a national caravan of protesters will converge on Mexico City , led by some of the families of the missing 43 people and other students from la Escuela Normal Rural de Ayotzinapa , a small college devoted to training students to become teachers . Parents ' demands The parents even met with President Enrique Peña Nieto in his Los Pinos residence about the police search for the missing 43 people and declared the government 's results insufficient . "  As parents , as students , as lawyers , we believe that these commitments are not enough , " said Meliton Ortega , father of missing Mauricio . "  There are no results for us . The results for us will be significant the moment that they hand over all of our missing children . " The parents want a team of Argentina specialists to review the investigation , and they want the Mexican President to sign an agreement with the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights to participate in the probe , according to the parents ' attorney , Vidulfo Rosales . "  Today there is no irrefutable proof , there remains lines of investigations , there are several people who need to be arrested , there are several statements that could change the course of the investigation , " Rosales said . "  Parents are not going to accept the hypothesis before us . It is not a conclusive , final investigation . The investigation needs to be open , so that there will be the full truth that the parents are fighting for . We make several petitions that we find this truth , " Rosales said . Other missing people cases The alleged massacre of the 43 students has now prompted other families to renew attention on long unsolved cases of missing relatives and migrants in Mexico . Mexico 's Interior Ministry counts 22,322 missing people since 2006 , excluding the 43 students . The country 's National Institute of Migration says 3,000 migrants from Central America have also gone missing in Mexico since 2010 . Mercedes Moreno has been wondering for 23 years what became of her son when he traveled from his native El Salvador to Mexico in attempt to reach the United States . "  Twenty-three years that I have n't been to give him a hug on his birthday , 23 years that I have n't been able to my son Merry Christmas , " Moreno said of her son , Jose , who would now be age 47 . She criticized the Mexican government for failing to solve the case . She gave a DNA sample of her son to authorities a decade ago . "  It does n't matter what country we 're in , what nationality we are , pain is pain , " said Moreno , a retiree who lives in an Los Angeles apartment filled with photos of her missing son . Backlash against teachers ' college In San Jose , Galindo resides in a modest house owned by his wife 's family in the working class Tropicana neighborhood . An extended family lives in the one-story residence , with cousins and a grandmother . Galindo 's last contact with his son was a phone call just eight days before he and other students traveled in buses to Iguala to protest a speech by the mayor 's wife , Maria de los Angeles Pineda , who along with her husband are known as "  the imperial couple . " A history of antagonism exists between Iguala 's elite and the students of Ayotzinapa , who were involved in a violent protest last year . The students are portrayed by Iguala 's business and political leaders as rabble-rousers , one Mexican analyst said . "  The young students who are studying to be teachers of farmers have been stigmatized . They have been presented as vandals , people who cause problems , " Luis Hernandez Navarro , editor of La Jornada , one of Mexico 's major newspapers , told CNN en Espanol . The rural teachers ' colleges , sometimes called normal schools , are called "  devil schools " by critics , Hernandez said . "  These are schools that are poor , and for the poor , to teach the poor , " Hernandez said . The schools have been in the government 's cross hairs , and business groups have requested they be closed , he added . "  These schools are the gateway to move socially for the poor , rural students , " Hernandez said , "  and they are one of the few escape routes that farmers have for their children to become teachers and prosper . " A father 's pride Whatever antipathy existed against the students , nothing could excuse this , Hernandez said . "  They did this because they knew they could , " Hernandez said , "  and they do n't think there will be consequences . " But Galindo is proud that all four of his sons attended the teachers college , located in Tixtla , about 77 miles south of Iguala . "  Two of them are already teachers , and they graduated from Ayotzinapa . My other son was in his second year in Ayotzinapa , " Galindo said . He said he wants more than justice for his son . "  I need to see him . "	Isrrael Galindo is believed to be the only U.S.-based parent of any of the 43 missing students He hopes his 19-year-old son and the 42 other students are still alive "  I want him to know that I love him , " he weeps , "  I want him alive " Other parents and many in Mexico are in an uproar over an apparent atrocity
Havana  CNN  -- Angelita Castro , the older sister to Cuban presidents Fidel and Raul Castro , died in Havana on Tuesday , her sister Juanita Castro said . She was 88 . Juanita Castro told CNN her sister had suffered from Alzheimer 's disease and died surrounded by her family . "  She was a dedicated and loving mother ; her family took very good care of her after she became ill , " she said . Juanita Castro told CNN she had not seen her sister since leaving the island in 1964 and becoming a critic of the Cuban revolution . Angelita 's Castro 's death was not reported on Cuba 's state-run media .	Angelita Castro had suffered from Alzheimer 's disease Juanita Castro says she had n't seen her sister since leaving the island in 1964 Her death was not reported by Cuba 's state-run media
Washington  CNN  -- In some of the most personal and unscripted comments on race of his presidency , President Barack Obama broke his silence Friday with surprise remarks from the White House on Trayvon Martin , his first public comments since a Florida jury acquitted George Zimmerman in the teenager 's shooting death . "  You know , when Trayvon Martin was first shot , I said that this could have been my son , " said Obama , who entered the White House briefing room Friday afternoon without notes or a teleprompter . "  Another way of saying that is Trayvon Martin could have been me , 35 years ago . " "  And when you think about why , in the African-American community at least , there 's a lot of pain around what happened here , I think it 's important to recognize that the African-American community is looking at this issue through a set of experiences and a history that does n't go away . " But across the country , different audiences appear to have heard very different things in Obama 's remarks . From social media to comments on the Web to on-air discussions , Obama 's remarks were seen as both "  a truly historic moment " and simultaneously said to have been "  fanning the flames of racism . " "  So much for this president ` transcending ' race , " said conservative commentator Tara Setmayer on her Facebook feed . "  Obama 's comments as President of the United States today were quite provocative and racially inflammatory . " Robert Camacho had just the opposite feeling , commenting on CNN.com . "  Thank you Mr. President . I am proud of you taking the first step , is up to ALL of US to stop this . " But Tasha Wells shot back on Facebook : "  STOP RACE BAITING !!!!! He is not guilty . Stop this mad witch hunt ! " CNN senior political analyst Gloria Borger focused on the tone Obama took , saying that the president was speaking from the heart , "  not using a teleprompter , like we very often see this president using . The words that come to mind are heartfelt , " she said . "  Very sober about this . Talking about how African-Americans look at this case through a history that does n't go away . " Phillip Agnew , executive director of Dream Defenders , an activist group that promotes nonviolent social change and has been protesting Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , told CNN that he was encouraged Obama "  was speaking about the issues in the way we are speaking about the issues . " "  I hope he follows that up with action ... in any way that he can , " Agnew said . Agnew praised the president for "  lending his voice to the situation " and "  showing some bravery and showing some leadership at the top . " He added that "  we 're hoping other leaders , including our governor , follow suit . " Gov. Rick Scott met overnight Friday with Dream Defenders protesters staging a sit-in at the governor 's office and defended his position not to amend the controversial law . The protesters said they will continue their sit-in until their demand is met . Obama last dealt with themes of race head-on as a presidential candidate in 2008 , when he talked about his own struggles with race during a speech at Constitution Center in Philadelphia . "  At various stages in the campaign , some commentators have deemed me either ` too black ' or ` not black enough , ' " he said then . Donna Brazile , a CNN contributor and former head of the Democratic National Committee , responded on Twitter to Obama 's comment that he did n't see a need for politicians to lead a national discussion on race . Responding to Obama 's comment that he did n't "  think it 's particularly productive when politicians try to convene discussions " on race , she tweeted "  Agree with #POTUS . " Ben Ferguson , a conservative commentator and CNN political contributor , was surprised that Obama even addressed the issue of race . "  I 'm shocked because he said he was going to be the president for everyone , and obviously today he said I 'm going to be the president for just the African-American community , and everyone else better listen up , " said Ferguson . "  The president 's job is to be president for everyone . He basically said to everyone protesting that the system is broken for African-Americans . You have a right to be angry about this . " Both others pushed back . "  This is n't something that Black men make up or want to happen , " said CNN 's Don Lemon . "  If you have the most powerful African-American man in the world telling you that there is a problem -- there 's nothing in this politically for him -- perhaps people like Ben Ferguson ... should listen , should sleep on it , before they react and deny the context of what could have happen to Trayvon Martin and what could be , what is happening to most African-American men in this country . " According to a recent Gallup poll released before the Zimmerman verdict , 52 % of African-American are dissatisfied about how blacks are treated by society , while 47 % say they are satisfied .	NEW : Head of group protesting Florida law praises president for "  bravery " of remarks Obama made surprise comments on the George Zimmerman verdict Reactions , however , varied wildly and were polarized "  So much for this president ` transcending ' race , " says one conservative commentator
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova 's bid to end her long wait for a second Wimbledon crown came crashing to a halt on Monday , while Kim Clijsters ' final appearance at the grass-court grand slam also finished in round four . World No. 1 Sharapova lost her rematch with Sabine Lisicki , who she beat in last year 's semifinals before losing the title match . Sharapova won the event as a 17-year-old in 2004 to announce herself as a new star in women 's tennis , but the defeat by Petra Kvitova 12 months ago is the closest she has come to a repeat success in London . German 15th seed Lisicki powered past her Russian opponent to win 6-4 6-3 and set up a last-eight clash with eighth-seeded compatriot Angelique Kerber , who thrashed former No. 1 Clijsters 6-1 6-1 in just 49 minutes . It is the first time that two German women have made it to the second week of the tournament since 1995 , when Steffi Graf won the title for the sixth time and Anke Huber lost in round four . "  It 's just unbelievable . I 'm so happy . I had lost the last three meetings with her , so it 's nice to finally win one , " said Lisicki , who had lost five matches in a row coming into Wimbledon , including a first-round defeat at the French Open . "  I just went for my shots out there . I felt great , it 's my favorite tournament . I love the crowd and playing on grass . I 'm a fighter and I fight to the last game . I think I 'm getting better with each match . " Sharapova , who won the French Open last month after losing in January 's Australian Open final , struggled after going 3-1 down in the opening set and a 45-minute rain delay did not help her get back into rhythm . "  She did many things better than I did . She played very well , " said Sharapova , who saved two match-points . "  I could have done things differently but not on this particular day . " Four-time grand slam champion Clijsters , who has never got past the semifinals at Wimbledon , could not get going against Kerber -- who fired 19 winners to 10 , and just five unforced errors to the Belgian 's 13 . Clijsters , 29 , will retire for the second time following September 's U.S. Open , a tournament she has won three times . "  I think the first year that I played here , I was here just to take it all in . I do n't even think I was here to play tennis . I needed to just open my eyes and look at everything , " Clijsters said of her first Wimbledon appearance in 1999 . "  It was such an amazing thing . To me this was like Disneyland to another child . It was such a beautiful thing . " In the other half of the Wimbledon draw , four-time winner Serena Williams will face defending champion Petra Kvitova in the quarterfinals after both battled through with three-set victories . Williams , seeking her first grand slam title since 2010 , triumphed 6-1 2-6 7-5 against Kazakhstani Yaroslava Shvedova out on Court Two . Shvedova won a record 24 points out of 24 in her first set against French Open runnerup Sara Errani on Saturday , but made a poor start in windy conditions before battling back to level . Williams , bouncing back from her first-round exit at Roland Garros , hit 35 winners to 24 , and made 13 unforced errors to her opponent 's 20 . "  The bottom line is I can play so much better than I am . If I could n't do better that would be a problem , " Williams said . World No. 4 Kvitova has never beaten the American sixth seed , losing both meetings in 2010 at the Australian Open and then the Wimbledon semifinals . The Czech left-hander came from behind against 2010 French Open champion Francesca Schiavone as she beat the Italian 4-6 7-5 6-1 . Schiavone , at 32 the oldest player left in the draw , paid for her 13 double faults and struggled to keep her cool after slipping on the wet grass at the end of the second set . World No. 37 Tamira Paszek reached the quarterfinals for the second year in a row , beating Italian 21st seed Roberta Vinci 6-2 6-2 . The 21-year-old Austrian , who has lost in the first round of five of her last six grand slam appearances , will next face second seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus . Australian Open champion Azarenka was unaffected by a rain break as the roof was closed on Centre Court as she demolished Serbia 's Ana Ivanovic 6-1 6-0 in a battle of former world No. 1s . Polish third seed Agnieszka Radwanska will feature in the quartefinals for the first time since 2009 after beating 20-year-old Italian qualifier Camila Giorgi 6-2 6-3 . Radwanska , 23 , who also reached the last eight in 2008 , will next play Russian 17th seed Maria Kirilenko -- who beat China 's No. 30 Peng Shuai 6-1 6-7  8-6  6-3 . Kirilenko 's only other grand slam quarterfinal appearance was at the 2010 Australian Open , while Peng is yet to get that far in singles play .	World No. 1 Maria Sharapova loses fourth-round match against Sabine Lisicki Lisicki will next play compatriot Angelique Kerber in Wimbledon quarterfinals Eighth seed Lisicki beats Kim Clijsters in Belgian 's final appearance at SW19 Four-time winner Serena Williams to play defending champion Petra Kvitova
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It may look like an air mattress you might see lying around next to a swimming pool but in reality its function could n't be less trivial . The Solar Water Disinfecting Tarpaulin could play a major role in saving lives in the developing world . The Solar Water Disinfecting Tarpaulin  SWDT  -- a new portable water purifier -- could be a major step forward in the fight against disease and mortality in the Third World . Eric Olsen , a San Francisco-based architect and the inventor of the SWDT believes the product could help eradicate the scourge of polluted water which the World Health Organization  WHO  estimate claims over 1.5 million lives every year . Not only does it purify water -- up to 20 liters -- it makes it more portable in large quantities -- a vital dual role in Sub-Saharan Africa and parts of Central Asia where access to clean water is often scarce . "  There are lots of products that do one or the other , " Olsen told CNN . "  There 's a really interesting product that 's been around for 10 or 12 years called the Hippo Water Roller -- a 20 gallon drum with a handle attached that allows people -- mostly women -- to transport a week 's worth of water back home " . Olsen also points to another product developed by the Swiss Federal Institute of Aquatic Science and Technology  Eawag  that has successfully tackled water impurities . According to Eawag SODIS  Solar Water Disinfection Process  is already used by more than two million in over 30 countries . "  The idea of SWDT , " he says , "  is to combine these two products and make them into something that can do both roles effectively " . Made out of a top layer of recycled low-density polyethylene  LDPE  and a bottom layer of durable rubberized nylon , the SWDT is both flexible and robust . Its design was morphologically inspired by the saguaro cactus and is adaptable to a variety of situations -- as a wrap to carry or placed on the roof of a mud hut -- and is easy to store . The SWDT uses passive solar radiation -- a water sterilizing method approved by WHO -- which disrupts the reproduction of microorganisms . Heat and UVA radiation from the sun pass through the LDPE layer and into the water cavity and are reflected back by the bottom layer of nylon . On a sunny day purification takes five hours . Olsen admits that its performance is hampered by its low density -- scratches to the surface mean it does n't transmit the sun 's rays as effectively -- but he is confident that this can be overcome with more research . Production using a Radio Frequency Welding equipment may be relatively expensive but Olsen says that the raw materials are cheap and the labor is inexpensive . "  We are trying to imagine ways that this thing can be made and repaired by people where it is most needed , " he said . "  We are working on a sheet welding process which is much lower tech , inexpensive and also capitalizes on the handcraft skills of local people " . What started out as a solo effort a little over a year ago has gradually grown into a collaborative project . Olsen 's students at the California College of Arts , where he currently teaches -- he moves to a new post at Woodbury University this fall -- have lent their enthusiasm and experts from the bioscience and textile industries are increasingly coming on board . Olsen 's efforts have already been recognized . The SWDT won first prize in the 2008 Next Generation Design Competition run by Metropolis Magazine -- netting him $ 10,000 -- and he is waiting for conformation that the invention has been selected for Wired Magazine 's Next Fest show which takes place in Chicago later this year . So what next for Olsen and his invention ? The aim is to adapt the original design and turn it from a water carrying wrap into a fully fledged coat and he 's also looking at ways the material might be redrawn as a tent . He 's currently in the process of trying to qualify for non-profit status . And with the likes of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and other institutions out there , he thinks the prospects for funding development and deployment look promising .	The Solar Water Disinfecting Tarpaulin aims to reduces disease and death The award-winning design by Eric Olsen is portable as well as a being a purifier Flexible and robust the design is morphologically inspired by the saguaro cactus
CNN  -- The Jumpstart our Business Startups , or JOBS Act , is a win for entrepreneurship as well as bipartisan politics , and given economic hardship , unemployment and political bickering , it 's time for a win . Next step : Declare victory and unleash an economic winning streak . On Thursday , President Barack Obama signed the JOBS Act with overwhelming bipartisan support . The bill makes it easier for startups to raise money , to stay private when they need to and to go public when the time is right . Overall , it promotes a pro-entrepreneurship agenda . What impact will the JOBS Act have ? The bill 's "  crowdfunding " provision is getting the most attention . It allows entrepreneurs to raise small amounts of capital from large pools of individual investors . The Internet provides a tool for private citizens to form new marketplaces as social networks evolve to become more than just networks of friends . Web-based platforms such as Kickstarter and IndieGogo allow entrepreneurs to raise up to $ 1 million annually , as sanctioned by the new legislation . This provides a funding source for startups that might otherwise have never made it past the business plan stage . Many entrepreneurs finance their fledgling businesses with their own lines of credit , sometimes backed by the value of their homes . With the recent recession , lines of credit have been difficult to obtain , and the value of many homes has decreased . Crowdfunding opens a new source of capital , especially for underserved communities . Crowdfunding could invigorate local economies outside of Silicon Valley and other entrepreneurial centers . Further , the JOBS Act allows companies to stay private longer , which gives entrepreneurs the flexibility to decide how and when it 's best to go public . Previously , companies with more than 500 investors were mandated to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission . The JOBS Act raises this number to 2,000 investors and excludes employees as shareholders in that number . This enables private companies to build revenue and develop sophistication before entering the capital markets . When the time is right , the JOBS Act makes it easier for a new class of "  emerging growth companies " to go public . For businesses with less than $ 1 billion in revenue , the number of audited financial statements required is reduced . Young , high-growth firms are allowed up to five years to comply with certain Sarbanes-Oxley Act disclosures . Sarbanes-Oxley compliance is much more onerous for smaller companies than it is for larger entities such as General Electric , Johnson & Johnson or IBM . The JOBS Act helps smaller companies conserve resources . It also provides an "  IPO On-Ramp " during which time emerging growth companies can protect sensitive information and competitive trade secrets . Of course , there is concern about the potential for financial fraud . Will there be scams ? There always are . Will Uncle Ned lose his shirt chasing the latest crowdfunded investment idea ? To protect investors , the JOBS Act includes an amendment that mandates companies to provide basic financial information to investors before seeking crowdfunding . It also requires third-party intermediaries , in the form of websites managing crowdfunding shares , to register with the SEC . The amendment also sets limits on the amount of money an individual can invest to prevent investors from taking too much risk . Individuals with an annual income or net worth of less than $ 100,000 , for example , would be limited to investing 5 % of their income in crowdfunding . In addition , Obama called on the Treasury Department , Small Business Association and Justice Department to monitor the new legislation closely and report regularly on their findings . Certainly , the JOBS Act is a win for entrepreneurs in America . But it is only a first step . The bill will help innovators reduce burdensome regulation and gain faster access to capital to grow their startup businesses . But we need to do more . We need to overhaul immigration to welcome foreign-born founders . According to a December study by the National Foundation for American Policy , immigrants founded or co-founded almost half of the 50 top venture-backed companies in the United States , and on average these companies created 150 jobs . We must enhance commercialization of research out of U.S. universities . One way to do this is to adopt a standardized licensing agreement for spinoffs . Another way is to make open-technology licensing a condition for universities to receive federal research dollars . Currently , the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980 requires faculty innovators to work through their own university technology licensing offices . This creates significant delays . To catalyze our innovation economy , we need to increase collaboration between startups and larger corporations . One such example is the NYSE Big StartUp initiative that partners large companies with small businesses to provide corporate assistance with accounting support , legal services , marketing infrastructure and financial training . Small companies often lack resources to take their business to scale . Corporate America can help catapult fledgling entrepreneurs to the next level . America 's competitive position in the world will increasingly depend on our entrepreneurs . The JOBS Act provides momentum . Let 's not stop here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy M. Wilkinson .	Amy Wilkinson says JOBS Act is a win for small business , bipartisanship , economic growth "  Crowdfunding " allows startups to raise small amounts of money from many sources , she says Wilkinson : Business owners have more flexibility to decide when to go public , less red tape We need more foreign-born entrepreneurs , she says , and small - and big-business partners
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Sniffer dogs in South Africa are being trained to help the fight against poachers of endangered species in a new way . Dogs have long been used to help police find contraband substances , including ivory and rhino horn . However , there are times when it is not practical to use dogs on the ground , as the tarmac at border posts gets too hot for them during the day , or if there could be a danger to the animal . Now researchers at the South African company Mechem are adapting their Explosive and Drug Detection System to the fight against poachers . The technology involves using a vacuum device to suction air from a suspect area . The filter in the vacuum is then given to the dogs to smell , disguised among blank control filters , and the dog 's nose does the rest . Mechem says this technology helps to get round all the problems that sniffer dogs traditionally face by "  taking the odor to the dog rather than taking the dog to the odor . " Mechem 's Explosive and Drug Detection System was first developed in the 1980s to detect landmines , weapons , ammunition and drugs . It has now been improved and adapted to detect illegal substances taken from protected species . Dogs trained at Mechem are now helping the police where conventional canine units are struggling . Inspector T.C.Oosthuizen , of the South African Police Service , said : "  When we work at Komatipoort for instance , the tarmac is so hot , it starts melting so you ca n't get a dog to work from 12 o'clock in the afternoon . "  And the smugglers , they know about it , so then they know you ca n't bring a dog to the border posts because the dog of course will burn . "  With this machine you take the samples , and give it to the dog in a controlled environment , an air-conditioned facility . It 's cool for the dog so the dog can work longer and more . " The stakes are high . Poachers are smuggling rhino horn to the lucrative Asian market where it 's thought to have medicinal qualities and can fetch about $ 7,500 a kilo . Conservation groups estimate that there are now only 18,000 rhinos in Africa today , down from 65,000 in the late 1970s . Dr Hannes Slabbert , Mechem 's animal behaviorist and a former police officer , said : "  We can search hundreds of cars and the dog will detect the odor that he was trained on . "  So if the dog is trained on your protected species , or your narcotics , or your explosive detections , when your dog indicates we will know that you would then search for the specific contraband . " Slabbart said the dog would detect the substance , as long as it had been collected correctly in the vacuum sampler . Mechem is working with the South African police to research the feasibility of rolling the system out to all their canine units . Paul Bester , Colonel in the South African Police Service , said : "  I 'm very excited because it seems that we have a concept there that can work through all our points of entry in South Africa . It can assist all the dog handlers ; make their task a little bit easier for them as well . "	Technology helps dogs sniff out ivory and rhino horn It avoids practical problem of using dogs at border posts South African police are keen to roll it out to all their canine units
WIRED  -- You should care about Apple 's collection of geodata on iPhones , iPads and iPod Touch devices , because the method is flawed . To be clear , "  care " does n't mean you should smash your iPhone with a hammer , rip out the GPS chip and gulp it down your throat . This is n't an issue of "  Big Brother is watching . " It 's just a matter of a security flaw that puts your location data at risk if it gets in the wrong hands -- not an immediate concern , but a concern nonetheless . Two data scientists broke the news Wednesday that an unencrypted file stored on iOS devices contains a detailed log of the device 's geographical data dating back 10 months . The scientists also wrote a program , allowing you to plug in your iOS device and automatically output the geodata into an interactive map , just so you could see for yourself . As this story developed , some tech observers have attempted to defuse the issue . "  So what ? " David Pogue wrote in his New York Times column . "  I have nothing to hide . Who cares if anyone knows where I 've been ? " Here 's why we care . Permanent data storage is unnecessary As WIRED.com pointed out yesterday , Apple already admitted and explained that it deliberately stores geodata on its mobile devices so the company can collect it to improve location services . The general process , summarized : Whenever you use an app with a location service -- the Yelp app , for instance , to find nearby restaurants -- the iPhone gets information about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points , and stores the info . Every 12 hours , an iOS device 's stored geodata gets anonymized with a random string of numbers , and it gets transmitted to Apple in a batch . Apple says it keeps all this data in its own database , so it can provide you quicker and more precise location services . So when you use a location-based app , such as your Maps app to get your location , you 're first pulling data from Apple 's geo database to get your general location , and then your GPS chip homes in on a more precise latitude and longitude . Apple 's location database speeds up the location process . Location gathering techniques like this are n't anything new . For instance , when using an app like Google Maps app on your Android phone , some of your location data is cached -- or stored -- so that if your network connection is interrupted , following directions on the map wo n't be . Data caching also improves the speed of an app 's performance . "  It makes such a huge difference when you can cache this data , " Andreas Schobel , CTO of Android-app -- developing studio Catch.com . "  Cellphone connections are incredibly high in latency . Imagine having to wait half-a-second longer when sending a tweet with your location included . From a user experience point of view , these caches make sense . " But the problem remains that there is no reason for that geo data to remain on your device after it 's transmitted to Apple . In contrast to Apple , Google 's stance on the position is clear : It has been upfront about location data collection from the start . In a statement provided to WIRED.com , Google says as much : All location sharing on Android is opt-in by the user . We provide users with notice and control over the collection , sharing and use of location in order to provide a better mobile experience on Android devices . Any location data that is sent back to Google location servers is anonymized and is not tied or traceable to a specific user . This is true for both Android and iPhones , but it 's no longer the point . Having a data file with over a year 's worth of your location information stored on your iPhone is a security risk . So if a thief got his hands on your iPhone , he can figure out where you live and loot you there , too . Same goes for a hacker who gains remote access to the consolidated.db file . But if a thief or hacker dug into an Android device , there is n't going to be much geodata saved on the smartphone to digitally stalk you .  There 's plenty of other data on smartphones such as text messages , address books and so forth , but at least we have control over what data we store in this regard . Bottom line , this data should n't stick around on your iOS device , because it does nothing but put you at risk . And you should care about that , because this problem can be and should be fixed by Apple , and you should demand that . The database makes a tempting target for law enforcement If police wanted to , they could subpoena the iPhone 's location database file when investigating a suspect . That file contains too much information for this to even be justified . Imagine if you were suspected of a crime and police wanted to know where you were at 5 p.m. Thursday . They could subpoena your iPhone , dig into this file and , looking at the various data points , get a good idea of where you were at that time . Sure , that sounds like it could be a useful practice for busting bad criminals , but what about all that other data ? With that file police can not only find out where you were at 5 p.m. Thursday , but also that you see a therapist every Monday morning , or simply that you were somewhere that you 'd want to keep to yourself -- private matters . As tempting as it may be to say , "  They 're suspected for a crime , they deserve it , " even suspects deserve privacy . They 're suspects , after all , not criminals  yet  . The fact that law enforcement can easily get more information than necessary is not a positive thing . But it 's not a huge immediate danger With that said , the chances are small that your iPhone is going to get hacked or stolen , or that you 're going to be suspected of a crime  we would hope  . So there 's no reason to freak out . But we should care about the implications of a rich file of geographic data living on our iOS devices offering no customer benefit , creating digital footprints that we ca n't erase . Fortunately , Apple is a media giant , and customer trust is too valuable for the company to lose . It 's likely we 'll see Apple issue a software update soon tweaking the geodata-storage method , hopefully with a full explanation . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	If a thief got his hands on your iPhone , he can figure out where you live The police could subpoena the iPhone 's location database file when investigating a suspect It 's likely we 'll see Apple issue a software update soon
The exact number of exonerated American prisoners is unknown . But data gathered by university law schools indicates it 's more than 2,000 . Fascinating details surrounding some of these exonerations set them apart from the rest . Here are five recent exonerations that made headlines . 1 . Michael Morton The subject of a CNN film , Michael Morton was n't home when his wife , Christine , was beaten to death in front of their 3-year-old son at their Austin , Texas-area home in 1986 . But a prosecutor said the evidence suggested otherwise . The problem was , the jury was prevented from hearing all the evidence in the case . Wrongly convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison , a team of loyal supporters and DNA evidence helped Morton win his freedom in 2011 . Last month , Morton 's former prosecutor pleaded no contest to a court order to show cause regarding evidence that was not used in the trial . Read more about Michael Morton 's story 2 . Brian Banks and the incredible twist At age 17 , fearing a potentially long sentence , college football hopeful Brian Banks followed the advice of his attorney and pleaded no contest to assaulting a Long Beach , California , high school classmate in 2002 . Banks maintained his innocence throughout nearly six years of imprisonment , subsequent probation and registration as a sex offender . But in 2011 , the case took an incredible twist when the alleged victim sent Banks a Facebook friend request . According to the California Innocence Project , the woman later admitted that Banks had not kidnapped or raped her during a consensual encounter at Long Beach Polytechnic High School , where Banks was a middle linebacker with a scholarship offer from the University of Southern California . Read more about Banks ' story 3 . Douglas Prade and the bite marks In 1997 , former Akron , Ohio , police captain Douglas Prade was convicted and sentenced to life in prison for the murder of his wife , Margo Prade , a popular doctor . Her gunshot-riddled body was found in her vehicle in her office parking lot . No murder weapon was found and prosecutors produced no witnesses to the killing . The main evidence against Prade was a bite mark on the victim 's arm and lab coat that a prosecution expert matched to Prade 's teeth . DNA tests conducted at the time were inconclusive . With help from the University of Cincinnati 's Innocence Project , Prade appealed the conviction . In 2010 , Prade won an Ohio Supreme Court ruling that allowed retesting of DNA evidence using newer methods . When the results came back , none of the DNA evidence could be matched to Prade . Read more about Prade 's case 4 . Clarence Harrison and the wristwatch If police had never heard about a wristwatch that Clarence Harrison had for sale , perhaps he never would have been wrongly convicted of rape . He never would have lost 17 years serving time in a Georgia prison . In 1986 a woman was raped and her wristwatch was stolen , according to the Innocence Project . Neighbors told police that Harrison lived near the victim and that he had a wristwatch for sale . Police searched Harrison 's home and did n't find the watch . But the victim identified Harrison in a photo lineup as her attacker . Blood tests pointed to Harrison as the possible attacker . But the testing was incorrect , the Innocence Project later said . It was n't until 2004 that DNA testing proved Harrison could not have committed the crime . Harrison was freed . More about Harrison 5 . James Bain , longest serving exoneree Of the hundreds of U.S. prisoners exonerated by DNA tests , none has served more time behind bars than James Bain , according to the Innocence Project . Now free , Bain will never regain the 35 years he spent in Florida 's prison system . In 1974 , a 9-year-old boy was taken from his bedroom and raped on a baseball field in Lake Wales , Florida . The boy later told police his attacker had bushy sideburns and a mustache . After being shown five photos of potential suspects , the victim picked out a photo of Bain , according to a police report . Bain was 19 when he was convicted on charges of kidnapping , burglary and strong-arm rape . He received a life sentence . In 2001 , Florida passed a statute allowing cases to be reopened for DNA testing . Four times Bain submitted handwritten motions seeking such testing . Each time he was denied . After an appeals court ruled he was entitled to a hearing , Bain 's fifth motion was successful . Finally , after DNA testing proved negative , Bain was set free in 2009 . He was 54 years old . "  I 'm not angry , " Bain told reporters . Read more about Bain 's case	Cleared in the murder of his wife , Michael Morton walked free after nearly 25 years Brian Banks now plays for the NFL after he was exonerated of rape charges Ex-police captain Douglas Prade was wrongly accused of killing his wife ; now he 's free James Bain says , "  I 'm not angry , " after serving 35 years for a crime he did n't commit
CNN  -- Samsung 's next Galaxy smartphone might be controlled by nothing more than the user 's eyes , according to a new report in advance of its March 14 unveiling . "  Eye scrolling " will do things like scroll down a page of text when the user 's eyes have reached the bottom of the screen , according to a New York Times report . Quoting an unnamed Samsung employee who has used the phone , the Times said the Samsung Galaxy S IV , the next generation in its popular Galaxy S line , will be more heavily geared toward new software than a physical reboot of the Android-based device . The Korean company has for all practical purposes announced the Galaxy S IV will be unveiled at a New York City event on March 14 . The Times interviewed Kevin Packingham , Samsung 's chief product officer . While he declined to talk about software upgrades , he said hardware upgrades will be significant . "  It 's an amazing phone , " he said . Reports of an eye-control innovation make sense . Samsung has filed in Europe to trademark a technology called "  Eye Scroll " and another named "  Eye Pause . " Samsung described "  Eye Scroll " as "  computer application software having a feature of sensing eye movements and scrolling displays of mobile devices , namely , mobile phones , smartphones and tablet computers according to eye movements ; digital cameras ; mobile telephones ; smartphones ; tablet computers . " The Samsung Galaxy S III already has a similar feature called "  Smart Stay . " It uses the phone 's front-facing camera to register whether the user is looking at it and keeps the display screen from going into sleep mode until the user looks away . Samsung 's Galaxy S line has emerged as the strongest challenger to Apple 's industry-leading iPhone . The Galaxy S III shipped 18 million units worldwide from July to September , compared with 16.2 million for the iPhone 4S , according to research by Strategy Analytics . With the release of the iPhone 5 , Apple retook the lead in the final months of 2012 , selling an estimated 27 million . But the S III hung in there with another 15 million units sold .	Report : Samsung Galaxy S IV can be controlled with your eyes The company has filed for a patent for an "  eye scroll " feature It would scroll down when a user 's eyes reach the bottom of the screen Samsung is expected to unveil the new phone on March 14
London , England  CNN  -- A major British supermarket chain plans to start selling Viagra over the counter starting Monday . The pill , which treats erectile dysfunction , will be available from pharmacies inside 300 Tesco stores across the United Kingdom , to men between 40 and 65 , Tesco said . The men must fill out a questionnaire and be screened for blood pressure , diabetes , and cholesterol before they can purchase the pills , priced at 52 pounds  $ 81.50  for a pack of eight . They do not need a doctor 's prescription . Viagra is already available from leading British pharmacy chain Boots , which charges 55 pounds  $ 86.22  for four pills , said Shona Scott , Tesco 's commercial manager for pharmacy services . The decision to stock it in Tesco means it will be available to more men at half the price . The drug is still prescription-only in the United States , where the Food and Drug Administration has expressed some concerns about sudden hearing loss reported with the pill .	Tesco will sell Viagra over the counter in 300 of its stores Men must fill out a questionnaire and have health checks Viagra is already available over the counter in the Boots pharmacy chain
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Do you know your "  futtock " from your "  baggywrinkle ? " A sailor stands on the "  widow-maker " -- or bowsprit of his yacht . Do n't be concerned if you do n't , as they are both relatively obscure terms used in sailing . It is a sport littered with odd words and phrases and MainSail has put together a list of 10 of the weirdest below . They are bound to raise a smile and will certainly make you more knowledgeable on the water -- who knows , you could even impress friends and colleagues with your mastery of obscure nautical terminology . Scuttlebutt The scuttlebutt is a cask on a ship containing the vessel 's drinking water . It was named this as the container was traditionally a small barrel , the so-called "  butt , " which had been "  scuttled " -- had a hole made in it -- so water could be accessed . As sailors would often gather around the scuttlebutt to chat , the word has also taken on a slang meaning of rumor or gossip . Rollocks A commonly used spelling for "  rowlocks . " These are the spaces cut into the vessel or small clasps raised up from the side of smaller boats that are used to rest oars when the boat is under paddle . Are there any other nautical words you 'd like to add ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . Poop deck A poop deck is a deck at the rear of a ship , generally formed by the roof of a cabin . If a wave washes over this deck from behind the vessel , it is said to be "  pooped . " Widow-maker This is a colloquial term for a boat 's bowsprit -- the long pole , or "  spar , " extending from the bow used by sailors to tend to sails . The treacherous bowsprit earned its name and reputation from of the number of sailors who have lost their lives falling from the it . Baggywrinkle This strange-sounding gem is simply a soft covering for ropes aboard yachts that prevent chafing of the sails . Where ropes and lines come into contact with sails there is serious potential for damage to the sail due to the abrasive nature of most rigging . Mainsheet The mainsheet is a rope or line attached to the boom that allows the sailor to control the speed of a boat by adjusting the main sail . Bilge The bilge is the lowest part of the interior of a ship . It marks the spot at the inside-bottom of the hull , below any floorboards , and it sits below the water-line . Futtock Futtocks are the curved timbers used to form the interior ribs on the hulls of wooden ships . Cat-head The cat-head is a large wooden beam that extends from vessels at a 45 degree angle and is used to assist in raising and lowering the anchor . Many cat-heads have had the faces of lions or other large cats carved into them -- however , it 's not known if this gave the cat-head its name , or came as a result of the name . Escutcheon The place on the stern of a ship where the boat 's name is written is known as the escutcheon .	MainSail lists ten of the strangest and most humorous nautical words Sailing and marine sports full of obscure terms and phrases Terms include "  baggywrinkle , " "  poop deck " and "  futtock "
CNN  -- America was rightly shocked by the brutal , videotaped murder of American journalist James Foley . But we should not have been surprised . The Islamic State , as the jihadist group calls itself , has murdered , raped and savaged its way across borders in the Mideast and into the headlines as the latest terrorist foe from the region . Foley 's murder not only gives terrorist stature to ISIS but also , if it draws U.S. ground troops into the fight , will have given ISIS a recruiting bonanza . So the U.S. response requires , not just a set of airstrikes in revenge , but serious strategic calculation . The U.S. must build a coordinated regional response -- diplomatic , economic and military -- with ground troops from our regional allies and friends , and with possible U.S. support with intelligence , logistics and airstrikes . But we can not fight this war for our Islamic friends in the region . Despite its pretensions , ISIS is not yet a state . It was initially a group of fighters funded , armed and assisted by groups or governments opposing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . But its call for a caliphate governed by extremist interpretations of Sharia law precisely echoes Saudi Wahhabi teaching , and is magnetic to disaffected , vulnerable young people . Thus far ISIS has perhaps 20,000 to 40,000 fighters or more , some heavy equipment , cash , oil , and a stunned , subdued population numbering perhaps a few million now suffering under extreme Sharia law . It is not , at this point , an existential military threat to an alerted Baghdad , backed by Iran  and the U.S.  , or the Kurds , supported by U.S. airpower . While it has challenged al-Assad 's forces in Syria , it is more focused on carving out its territory in northern Syria , destabilizing Lebanon , and probably preparing for bolder moves against other states in the region , such as Jordan . Who is the ISIS ? ISIS fighters , including perhaps a few thousand alienated young people from Europe , the Caucasus , or North America , do pose a terrorist threat far beyond the territory occupied by ISIS . Governments are anxiously screening travelers and seeking to block , intern , or otherwise isolate these potential terrorists when they depart Syria . This is difficult , but our homeland security is far stronger than it was a decade ago . The U.S. , at least , should be able to handle this very serious threat But if ISIS is allowed to consolidate its gains , build its forces , spread its tentacles of terror and subversion , then it will pose a serious threat to Lebanon , Jordan and the principal Sunni states in the region , particularly Saudi Arabia . Map : Where is ISIS ? Saudi Arabia must recognize that it will eventually become the primary target of ISIS . It controls the most holy sites of Islam , and by its adherence to , promotion and export of extremist interpretations of Islam , Saudi Arabia is uniquely vulnerable to the ISIS 's moral suasion . Massive purchases of Western arms will help only if the Saudi armed forces and populace remain loyal to the Saudi government . For Saudi Arabia , this time , there 's no safety in underwriting the services of others from outside the region . Ultimately , it will have to be the Saudi people themselves , their ruling family and their clergy who rally to defeat the threat of ISIS . Make no mistake : The latent threat is that ISIS could seize control in Saudi Arabia , with all its oil , revenues , and modern weaponry . Therefore , coordinated action against ISIS is urgent . But because ISIS 's motive force is primarily religious , and because the U.S. armed forces are neither linguistically nor culturally best adapted for a sustained fight in the region , we should be wary of committing major land forces . Opinion : How U.S. can help Syria drive out ISIS The U.S. has learned the hard way that Western armies inflame extremists and serve as recruiting magnets for terrorists . Instead , other nations , and particularly Saudi Arabia and other Sunni states , must put their soldiers forward , and bear the brunt of the fighting . The U.S. can use diplomacy and economic assistance , and it can strike using airpower , or special forces , to reinforce the efforts of our allies , but we can not fight a religious war as proxies for our Islamic friends in the region . 5 key questions in the fight against ISIS The Mideast is approaching its moment of truth , particularly for Saudi Arabia . Having exported and promoted extremist Sunni religious ideology , Saudi Arabia must face up to the threat posed by its own , even more extremist progeny . It must summon the courage to take a firm stand now , before ISIS becomes even stronger . For the U.S. there is nothing to be gained by delay . We must work urgently , behind the scenes , to shape an effective regional response , in coordination with our friends and allies , now .	Wesley Clark : U.S. must respond to ISIS threat , but with coordinated regional response He says U.S. can support Islamic friends in region threatened by ISIS , but ca n't fight their war He says ISIS has sights on states like Jordan , Lebanon ; it could well seize Saudi Arabia Clark : U.S. involvement only helps recruit jihadists . Mideast nations facing their moment of truth
CNN  -- Indoor basketball courts , island-sized balconies and bathrooms that belong in museums -- America 's got some crazy indulgent hotel suites with price tags to match . Ty Warner Penthouse , Four Seasons Hotel , New York This 4,300-square-foot suite dreamed up by architects I.M Pei and Peter Marino spans the entire 52nd floor of the Four Seasons Hotel , offering an incomparable 360-degree Manhattan skyline view from four glass balconies and practically every room . America 's most amazing hotel pools There 's an extraordinary four-foot chandelier , mother-of-pearl inlaid walls , 22k gold fabrics , indoor-outdoor Zen garden with a floor-to-ceiling waterfall , Chinese Onyx-clad master bath , tiger 's eye jeweled guest bath , spa room with top of the line exercise equipment and a bronze-adorned library with grand piano . A personal trainer , butler , art concierge and Rolls Royce chauffeur are always on call . Four Seasons Hotel , 57 East 57th St. , New York ; +1 212 758 5700 ; from $ 40,000 per night Casa Five , Sanctuary Camelback Mountain , Paradise Valley , Arizona Guests who book this luxury desert pad get their own outdoor pool and private tennis court . They also get panoramic views of Camelback Mountain and Paradise Valley , five bedrooms , 5Â 1/2 baths and a sprawling multilevel outdoor patio with a hot tub , plush seating and cozy fire pit . 18 wacky hotels in the United States A chauffeur will drive you to the local farmer 's market . With ingredients you pick up there , a personal chef will customize and whip up a feast in the gourmet kitchen , complete with wine pairings . Sanctuary Camelback Mountain , 5700 E. McDonald Dr. , Paradise Valley , Arizona ; +1 800 245 2051 ; from $ 3,500 per night Presidential Suite , The Greenbrier , White Sulphur Springs , West Virginia The Greenbrier 's Presidential Suite accommodates more than 200 people . President Dwight D. Eisenhower , the Duke and Duchess of Windsor and Princess Grace of Monaco are just a few guests who 've booked this swank suite that comes with seven bedrooms , nine bathrooms and 5,100 total square feet for entertaining your minions . At the foothills of West Virginia 's Allegheny Mountains , this two-story , excessively floral-patterned duplex includes three fireplaces , living room with grand piano , library , den , private patio , reception foyer and formal dining room that has hosted countless state dinners . The Greenbrier , 300 W. Main St. , White Sulphur Springs , West Virginia ; +1 855 453 4858 ; from $ 25,000 per night Penthouse , The Fairmont San Francisco Hotel , San Francisco Looking like something out of a fairytale movie set , this 6,000-square-foot penthouse spans the eighth floor of this historic hotel and comes dripping with Cinderella-esque features . The billiards lounge is covered from floor to stained-glass ceiling in Persian tiles , while the two-story circular library has a secret passageway and sky-like dome with every constellation painted in gold leaf . There 's also a 24/7 butler , chef , masseuse , personal trainer and chauffeur . The formal dining room seats 60 people , marble baths have 24k gold fixtures and a massive terrace provides stellar city and bay views . The Fairmont San Francisco Hotel , 950 Mason St. , San Francisco ; +1 866 540 4491 ; from $ 15,000 per night Provocateur Suite , Hard Rock Hotel , Las Vegas There 's luxury , and then there 's true living . Catering to the latter , Hard Rock 's Provocateur Suite is a palace for those looking to play out bedroom fantasies . Highlights include two master suites with mirrored ceilings , one of which holds an enormous bed equivalent to three queens and an interactive video wall that , with the flip of a switch , lowers the shades , dims the lights and projects figures "  writhing wantonly " on the bed while erotic themes rotate behind the headboard . Along with a private balcony and plunge pool , the room has a secret vault filled with various toys , gear and outfits , a steel cage large enough for two and a shower with naked silhouettes that react and sway with your every movement . Hard Rock Hotel , 4455 Paradise Road , Las Vegas ; +1 702 693 5000 ; from $ 5,000 per night Brisa Villa , The Grand Del Mar , San Diego This Mediterranean-inspired bungalow has a dedicated elevator , two-car garage , personal luxury golf cart , landscaped yard , climate-controlled patio and built-in outdoor stainless steel grill and refrigerator . The SoCal sun floods the retractable floor-to-ceiling windows accented by hand-stenciled ceilings and European marble columns . Another amazing feature : The state of the art media room with custom leather recliners has padded and insulated walls for mind-blowing sound . The Grand Del Mar , 5300 Grand Del Mar Court , San Diego ; +1 858 314 2000 ; from $ 6,000 per night Kamehameha Suite , Honua Kai Resort & Spa , Maui , Hawaii This six-room , oceanfront suite has the usual big-suite perks -- fully equipped gourmet kitchen with Viking appliances , flat screen TVs , three lavish bathrooms and huge beds in every room . But the highlight is the 3,200-square-foot lanai -- touted as the largest on Maui -- with whale watching views of Moloka'i and Lana'i islands , the West Maui Mountains and the Pacific . Honua Kai Resort & Spa , 130 Kai Malina Parkway , Maui , Hawaii ; +1 855 718 5789 ; from $ 2,999 per night Royal Plaza Suite , The Plaza Hotel , New York City This 4,490-square-foot suite was inspired by Louis XV 's royal court . It comes with coveted Fifth Avenue views , three marble fireplaces , 24k gold-plated fixtures in its four bathrooms , an in-suite gymnasium with fitness equipment , library lined with hand-selected books and the Plaza 's chefs at your disposal to make use of its magnificent kitchen . Or for just less than $ 3,000 a night , the hotel 's new Great Gatsby-themed suite is a relative steal . The Plaza Hotel , Fifth Avenue at Central Park South ; +1 866 940 9361 ; from $ 30,000 per night Presidential Suite , Hotel Bel-Air , Los Angeles This glamorous Hollywood Hills suite has a chef 's kitchen with a private entrance for your "  personal staff , " dining for 10 , a beautiful living room with a grand piano , fully stocked bar , his-and-hers showers and deep-soak tubs with built-in TVs . French doors lead to a 4,500-square-foot Spanish courtyard , with a full-size swimming pool , Jacuzzi and outdoor fireplace . Hotel Bel-Air , 701 Stone Canyon Road , Los Angeles ; +1 310 472 1211 ; from $ 15,750 per night Hardwood Suite , Palms Casino Resort , Las Vegas Extending 10,000 square feet across two floors , the Palm 's Hardwood Suite is an over-the-top hoopster 's dream , with an indoor basketball court , locker room , scoreboard and gigantic Murphy beds that unfold right onto the hardwood . The hotel 's Kingpin Bowling Suite is another fun option , with a two-lane bowling alley built into the room . Palms Casino Resort , 4321 W. Flamingo Road , Las Vegas ; +1 866 942 7770 ; from $ 25,000 per night Stephanie Orma is a San Francisco-based travel and design writer .	America 's most opulent suites include jeweled baths and media rooms Butlers , chefs , masseuses , personal trainers and chauffeurs always on call at many suites The "  most affordable " suite on this list starts at $ 2,999 per night You do n't even want to know what the most expensive one costs
EW.com  -- On "  A Very She & Him Christmas , " professionally adorkable "  New Girl " star Zooey Deschanel reunites with Portland folkie M. Ward , this time wrapped in holly and  mostly  good cheer . While some covers feel dreary -- " Silver Bells " is less tinkly than dirgelike -- Deschanel 's unfussy voice puts a charming spin on yuletide chestnuts " Blue Christmas " and " Rockin ' Around the Christmas Tree . " The self-penned " Christmas Day , " with its gingerbread-spicy surf licks , is sweet enough to cure an eggnog hangover . B See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Zooey Deschanel reunites with Portland folkie M. Ward for "  A Very She & Him Christmas " The "  New Girl " star 's unfussy voice puts a charming spin on the classics The self-penned " Christmas Day , " with its gingerbread-spicy surf licks , is sweet
CNN  -- Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho will lead his Italian team into their first European Champions League final in 38 years on 22 May . His task will be to drive Inter Milan to their first European Cup title since 1965 by defeating German champions Bayern Munich at the Bernabeu Stadium in Madrid this Saturday . Like Bayern coach Van Gaal , the 47-year-old is targeting a treble , having already secured the Italian League and Cup titles this year . A victory for the Italians would also signal a second treble for Mourinho who last achieved the three required victories at Porto back in 2004 . Can Mourinho beat Van Gaal to become king of Europe ? Inter 's run to the final of the European competition was made all the more impressive with a win over title holders Barcelona in the semifinal . Record After promising but brief spells coaching at Portuguese sides Benfica and Uniao de Leira , Mourinho brought home his first silverware while in charge at Porto where he claimed the league and cup titles in his first year , and treble in the second . Mourinho then moved on to English Premier League side Chelsea where he won six trophies in his three years at the helm , including the league titles in 2005 and 2006 and the FA Cup and League Cup in 2007 . Since 2008 Mourinho has been at Inter Milan where he won the Serie A title in his first year as coach , successfully defending the title in 2010 as well as winning the domestic cup . If the team go on to win the Champions League final , it will be the first time the Milan side has done so since they beat Benfica in the final in 1965 . Perhaps the most impressive stat to Mourinho 's name is his run of 136 unbeaten home matches across his reigns at Inter Milan , Chelsea and Porto -- his last league defeat on home turf coming at Porto in 2002 . Personality "  Do n't call me arrogant , but I 'm European champion and I think I 'm a special one , " were the first words spoken by Mourinho upon his arrival at Chelsea in 2004 , and he has since been dubbed "  The Special One " by the English press . Mourinho has never failed to provide the media with entertaining press conferences and many memorable quotes though such outspoken comments have caused trouble down the years as well as making Mourinho a big personality . However , his ambition on the football field can not be underestimated and there is speculation that Mourinho might leave Inter for Real Madrid after the final . He has been quoted in the past as saying he has dreams of coaching in England , Italy and Spain , so it would not be a surprise if his next challenge was at the Bernabeu . Previous clashes Mourinho learnt his trade working as assistants at Estrela Amadora , Porto and Barcelona . At the Spanish club he was first a translator for English manager Bobby Robson and then second in command to Louis Van Gaal , who he says he learnt a lot from in the early stages of his career . "  Van Gaal is a very confident person and at a moment when a coach like me was young , that was very important . He gave me the confidence to coach the team on the pitch , " Mourinho said . The rivalry between the pair intensified when Mourinho became the first coach in history to guide three different teams to the semifinals of the Champions League -- only for Van Gaal to do the same a day later . And whoever finishes on top on Saturday will join an even more elite group of those to have coached more than one team to the final of the competition . Austrian Ernst Happel and German Ottmar Hitzfeld are the only two coaches to have done so in the past . Whether or not he can do it this weekend Mourinho is confident that he will at some point in his career . "  I will do it one day , but I would love to do it now because of the circumstances of Inter not winning the competition for a long time . " Tactics Mourinho has been praised for his team 's resilience in the second leg of the Champions League semifinal against Barcelona , when despite being reduced to 10 men they still managed to keep the Spanish challenge at bay and go through 3-2 on aggregate . The Inter coach is reported to be a big fan of long fitness sessions and punishing long training runs to keep his squad in shape -- a technique also used by Van Gaal -- and it is this which is thought to have helped get Mourinho 's side through to the final . He will be hoping that this will also stand them in good stead in the final against Bayern Munich , especially as like the German team who are without Franck Ribery , they will be missing a key player through suspension -- midfielder Thiago Motta . Mourinho will be looking to veteran captain Javier Zanetti , Dutch playmaker Wesley Sneijder and Cameroonian striker Samuel Eto'o -- who has won two Champions League titles with Barcelona in 2006 and 2009 -- to take him to victory in the competition that he has described as "  even bigger than the World Cup . "	Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho will lead his Italian team into their first European Champions League final in 38 years Mourinho 's last defeat on home turf in the league was with Porto in 2002 The Portuguese has described the event as "  even bigger than the World Cup "
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned U.N. delegates Monday not to overlook the threats posed by Iran and Hamas in their zeal to defeat the terror group ISIS . "  Ladies and gentlemen , would you let ISIS enrich uranium ? Would you let ISIS build a heavy-water reactor ? Would you let ISIS develop intercontinental ballistic missiles . Of course , you would n't , " Netanyahu said . "  Then you must n't let the Islamic state of Iran do those things either , because here 's what will happen , " he said . "  Once Iran produces atomic bombs , all the charms and all the smiles will suddenly disappear . They 'll just vanish . And it 's then that the ayatollahs will show their true face and unleash their aggressive fanaticism on the entire world . " Netanyahu praised the growing effort to defeat ISIS , the militant group that has seized large swaths of Syria and Iraq , but simultaneously chastised many of the countries joining that coalition for failing , he said , to recognize that ISIS and Hamas "  are branches of the same poisonous tree . " "  For the militant Islamists , all politics is global , " he said . "  Because their ultimate goal is to dominate the world . Now that threat might seem exaggerated to some , since it starts out small , like a cancer that attacks a particular part of the body . But left unchecked , the cancer grows , metastasizing over wider and wider areas . "  To protect the peace and the security of the world , we must remove this cancer before it 's too late , " he said . He also compared militant Islamists to the Nazis who led Germany in World War II , saying extremists today seek world domination , as did Adolf Hitler 's minions . "  The Nazis believed in a master race . The militant Islamists believe in a master faith , " he said . "  They just disagree who among them will be the master of the master faith . That 's what they truly disagree about . " Netanyahu 's speech was a "  blatant manipulation of the facts , " Hanan Ashrawi , a member of the executive committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization , said in statement issued shortly after the speech . "  Blaming the victim has always been the failed policy of the politically and morally bankrupt , and Netanyahu is no exception , " Ashrawi said .	World must contain Iran and Hamas , Israeli Prime Minister tells United Nations ISIS and Hamas "  are branches of the same poisonous tree , " Benjamin Netanyahu says Netanyahu also compares militant Islamists to the Nazis PLO official calls Netanyahu 's speech a "  blatant manipulation of the facts "
CNN  -- Jerry Yellin has spent most of his life trying to forget about the stench of death on the island of Iwo Jima 65 years ago . Yellin was a P-51 fighter pilot who had turned 22 a few weeks before he touched down on the island March 7 , 1945 , amid some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II 's Pacific campaign . "  To one side , there were mounds and mounds and mounds of bodies of Japanese soldiers being pushed around by bulldozers into mass graves . And right behind our squadron area was the Marine mortuary , where they 'd lay out the bodies , check their dog tags and fingerprint them for identification , " recalls Yellin , an 87-year-old retiree who lives in Vero Beach , Florida . "  I 've lived with those memories all of my life and it was not something I ever wanted to go back to . " Nevertheless , Yellin was back on the island last week for the first time since 1945 to attend a ceremony commemorating the battle 's 65th anniversary . About 22,000 Japanese soldiers died defending the island , along with more than 6,000 Americans , in a battle that was memorialized in the iconic photograph of five U.S. Marines and a Navy corpsman raising the U.S. flag atop Mount Suribachi , the island 's dormant volcano . The Americans secured the island on March 26 , 1945 , marking the U.S. military 's most significant advance in its island-hopping strategy to reach Japan . But the battle proved to be longer and deadlier than planners had anticipated , depleting much of the U.S. military 's resources . The U.S. abandoned its plan to invade the Japanese mainland and turned to the atomic bomb to end the war . Since 1995 , the Japanese and American associations of Iwo Jima have met on the 8-square-mile island , now known as Iwo To , to commemorate the 35-day battle with a "  Reunion of Honor . " Yellin and several other veterans made the day-long trip to Iwo Jima from Guam on March 3 with the tour company , Military Tours . Each man had his own reason for going , but all left united through the shared experience of an event that only a few can understand , says Cyril "  Cy " O'Brien , a Marine correspondent who covered the Battle of Iwo Jima , who also made the trip . "  In a way , it 's reliving something that happened so long ago that was probably what I would consider some of the most ennobling moments of our lives . I am a writer , too , so going there this time , looking at the terrain and seeing this hill , this cliff , this gorge , opens a whole new page to the memory , " he says . O'Brien , a retired newspaper reporter who is working on a book about his experiences as a war correspondent , has been back to Iwo Jima for the Reunion of Honor four times . But the sense of awe never diminishes as the first sight of the island from the plane , he says . "  When we approached Iwo Jima and saw Suribachi , you would be amazed what happens . Everything became as quiet and as solemn as if we 'd entered a cathedral . You could tell the island had captivated everyone , the island had brought them back to their youth . The first moment was a very stirring moment . Always is , " he says . For Yellin , it has been a longer journey back to the battlefield where , as a young airman , he left behind 11 comrades , sparking years of bitterness and racial prejudice . Yellin recalls passing over the flag each time he and his brothers flew a mission to support the Marines on the ground , who faced the formidable task of taking the island from a military force on its last stand . "  I never thought of the people on the ground as people . You can hate somebody so much that you do n't see them as people , " he says . "  I had no desire to go back to Japan . Why the hell would you want to visit the place where your enemy was ? Who wants to visit the people you fought against and hated ? " The healing began in 1988 , when his son married a Japanese woman whose father was a pilot in the Japanese Imperial Army Air Service , who also flew missions in Iwo Jima . Yellin 's son 's future in-laws opposed the marriage until the men met and shared their experiences in Iwo Jima . "  I hated him and he hated me . We met for the first time three days before the wedding . And he said , ` Any man that could fly a P-51 against the Japanese and live must be a brave man , and I want the blood of that man to flow through the veins of my grandchildren . ' " he says . "  Then , my son got married and started having children and my whole life expanded . I saw that human beings were killed in the war , and they were kind people , they were bright people , and now they 're my family . " Through the marriage , the two wartime enemies made peace , a process that Yellin documented in a novel published last year , "  Of War & Weddings . " But he still never considered visiting Iwo Jima until he was offered an opportunity to commemorate his fallen brothers -- 11 in combat and five in training -- from the 78th Fighter Squadron in a ceremony during the Reunion of Honor . Upon learning of his plans , Yellin 's 18-year-old grandson expressed interest in seeing the place where his grandfathers had once fought each other . "  I just did n't want to relive all that , but because I have a Japanese grandson and because he wanted to go , I had to go , " says Yellin . "  And I 'm happy , delighted , thrilled that I went . I cried most of the day , from the moment we landed . Many memories came back , and we did a memorial for the 16 guys . It was like closing the circle . "	Retired fighter pilot Jerry Yellin returns to Iwo Jima with son , grandson for "  Reunion of Honor " Reunion brings together veterans , officials from Japan , the United States Return represents closure for Yellin , whose son married the daughter of Japanese pilot "  It 's reliving something that happened so long ago , " Marine correspondent Cy O'Brien says
CNN  -- It was a year ago this month that British singer Amy Winehouse died of alcohol poisoning at 27 . The "  Back to Black " singer had a very close relationship with her father , Mitch , and he recently released a book , "  Amy , My Daughter . " It is a bracingly honest account of Amy 's problems with heroin , alcohol and men . But it 's not all gloomy . The book is also an intimate and tender account of his daughter , who he says was cheeky , funny and a good , but troubled , soul . The elder Winehouse , a London taxi driver and sometime jazz singer , recently spoke to CNN about his only daughter . CNN : Why did you write this book ? Mitch Winehouse : First of all , I felt that the book would help me with my recovery , and then there were lots of misconceptions about Amy after she passed away , so I wanted to set the record straight . I wanted people to see who the real Amy was , what a lovely girl she was . Also we have set up a foundation in the U.S and the UK , and we needed the money . A great way of raising money was to write a book . All the author proceeds go to the foundation . CNN : It must have been very difficult for you to write . Winehouse : Writing the book was n't too difficult actually . I was kind of in the zone , but when I had to read it back for the edits , that was really tough . That was more difficult than writing the book . CNN : What do you want people to know about Amy ? Winehouse : Certainly what a great wit she had , how funny she was , how generous she was . People still think she died of an overdose or that she committed suicide . I want people to know she had quit drugs for three years , that 's important to me . CNN : You really get a sense from reading your book how hard it is to deal with loved ones struggling with addiction . Winehouse : I pretended to have heart attacks just to shock her , nothing worked until she was ready to quit . When she was ready , she told me and she quit in December 2008 . She was clean from drugs for nearly three years . CNN : In the end , it was the alcohol that got her . Winehouse : Often one addiction can follow another . She was dealing with that . The last six weeks of her life she was abstinent . That 's even more difficult to deal with . That 's a typical pattern of someone moving toward total abstinence . She was on the course for full recovery . Alcohol will get you quicker than heroin . People think because it 's socially acceptable , it 's safe . What it does to people is just incredible . CNN : They say time heals all wounds , but I do n't think that 's true when you lose a child . Winehouse : It 's pretty much like being a drug addict . You take every day as it comes . You 're in recovery . You 're never fully recovered . After a reasonable amount of time , you 're able to function like everybody else , but of course you 'll never fully recover from something like that . It 's impossible . CNN : Does it make you sad that she only released two albums ? Winehouse : I 'm really not that displeased she did n't write any more albums . It might sound a ridiculous thing to say . The last album particularly took a lot out of her emotionally , every song was autobiographical , dragged from her soul , and I would n't want her to have made more albums like that because she would have been in constant turmoil . I 'm pleased that she did n't write more albums like that actually . CNN : She had a tattoo that read "  Daddy 's Little Girl . " Winehouse : We had a great relationship . She had a great relationship with her mum and my wife and her brother and all her uncles and aunts . She was just a wonderful family girl . We miss her greatly . I want people to understand that she was just a normal girl who had an extraordinary talent .	Amy Winehouse 's father , Mitch , has written a book about her He says her last album took a lot out of her emotionally This month marks the one-year anniversary of her death
The first season of "  Serial " ended this month , but the story is far from finished . The popular podcast detailed an investigation into the 15-year-old murder of Hae Min Lee , a popular high school senior in Baltimore . Her ex-boyfriend and classmate , Adnan Syed , was tried and convicted in 2000 . A star witness in the case against Syed was fellow Woodlawn High School student Jay Wilds , who stirred debate this week in a three-part interview with The Intercept . Parts one and two were published Monday and Tuesday . The final part will publish Wednesday . He says he was unfairly portrayed in the podcast , which revisited in-depth the investigation and trial of Syed -- a key part of which was centered on Wilds ' testimony . Over the course of the 12-episode podcast , reporter Sarah Koenig pointed to several inconsistencies in Wilds ' statements to police and testimony on the witness stand . Some of what Wilds claims in the new interview also contradicts what he told police -- a point he addressed . "  They had to chase me around before they could corner me to talk to me , and there came a point where I was just sick of talking to them . And they would n't stop interviewing me or questioning me , " he said of the police , in part one of the interview . "  Once the police made it clear that my drug dealing was n't gon na affect the outcome of what was going on , I became a little bit more transparent . " Lee and Syed were seniors at Woodlawn in Baltimore County , Maryland , in January 1999 , when she disappeared . Her body was discovered in a city forest three weeks later . Wilds told police that he helped Syed dig the hole where her body was buried and led police to her missing car . He did not serve time in prison after testifying for the prosecution . In the interview , Wilds described seeing Lee , dead in the trunk of a car . "  There 's nothing that 's gon na change the fact that this guy drove up in front of my grandmother 's house , popped the trunk , and had his dead girlfriend in the trunk . Anything that 's going to make him innocent does n't involve me . Hae was dead before she got to my house . Anything that makes Adnan innocent does n't involve me , " he said . Wilds originally told police that he saw Lee 's body in the parking lot of a Best Buy near the high school . Rabia Chaudry , a civil rights attorney -- who grew up near Syed and tipped the host of "  Serial " off to the story -- believes Wilds is lying . She pointed to several apparent discrepancies on Twitter . "  I think Jay 's next move should be a live televised polygraph , preferably administered by Geraldo #FreeAdnan #Serial #TheMachineWillDie , " Chaudry wrote . In a piece for The Guardian newspaper , she argued there may be enough evidence for the state to pursue a perjury charge . Koenig , the host of "  Serial , " has not yet commented on Wilds ' interview . He declined to be formally interviewed for her broadcast. , which is a spinoff of the radio program "  This American Life . " The ` Serial ' podcast : By the numbers	Final part of the three-part interview is expected to publish Wednesday "  Serial , " a popular podcast , detailed an investigation into the 15-year-old murder of Hae Min Lee Her ex-boyfriend , Adnan Syed , was convicted Key witness in the case against Syed was Jay Wilds , who spoke to The Intercept
This Congress is going out just the way it began : in complete disarray . Fourteen months after tea party conservatives ignored Republican leaders and forced a two-week government shutdown , another one came close to happening -- this time because liberals were blowing off President Barack Obama 's pleas to support a government funding measure . In the early morning hours Friday , Obama signed a two-day extension , and the Senate is expected to pick up the legislation and vote on it later Friday , though they have until midnight Saturday before the next deadline . For weeks , legislative leaders insisted another shutdown would n't happen . And it did n't . But the House was just two hours away , and the Senate might not cast its final votes until this weekend . Another flirtation with another deadline -- this one after a midterm election that swept Republicans into control of the Senate -- offers a grim glimpse at the paralyzing levels of dissent that could come next . Republicans do n't fear their leadership . And Democrats do n't need their President . After November 's elections , when the GOP won the Senate and expanded its majority in the House , party leaders claimed a mandate . Soon-to-be Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has pledged that with Republicans in control of both chambers come January , things will be different . More amendments will be allowed . "  Center-right " legislation will advance . But long-clear divisions on the right remain -- and were evident in the House when 16 Republicans , many angry that the party had n't fought harder to block Obama 's executive action on immigration , opposed the measure in a key procedural vote and nearly dealt their leaders a major blow . By the end of the night , 67 Republicans voted against the measure 's final passage . Conservative lawmakers complained that House Republican leadership punted their latest opportunity to combat Obama 's signature health care law -- which they fought to defund during the October 2013 shutdown -- and his executive overhaul of immigration and deportation rules . "  We 've seen the same pattern ... Now Obamacare is funded . Now Obama 's executive amnesty is funded , " Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa , said on Fox News . Alongside him , Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , called the vote "  disrespectful " to midterm voters . Even if Republicans gain stability , Democrats are splintering . Fresh off an election that purged the Democrats of many of their most centrist members , liberals -- now more influential within their own ranks -- have gone rogue , saying "  no " to what the White House called a fair compromise , even though their bargaining position is n't going to get better . In an extraordinary scene Thursday afternoon , two of the party 's most influential members made high-profile breaks with Obama . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi called the government funding measure "  blackmail " because of its inclusion of language rolling back a Wall Street reform that Democrats had fought hard to win in 2010 . Meanwhile , the party 's liberal hero , Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , declared on the Senate floor that it is "  time for all of us to stand up and fight . " Obama and Vice President Joe Biden were calling House Democrats , urging them to support the measure . White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough rushed into a caucus meeting to make its case . But Democrats insisted as they exited that meeting that McDonough had n't won many members over . Rep. Jan Schakowsky , D-Illinois , said Democrats need to draw a line now to signal that they wo n't accept these kinds of deals in the future -- when Republicans will control the Senate , too , and are certain to advance bills with more conservative priorities . "  If you do n't stand for something you 'll fall for anything , " Rep. John Lewis , D-Georgia , said in the meeting . Still , some influential lawmakers said the government funding measure was a chance at redemption . Senate Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Barbara Mikulski , D-Maryland , said Thursday night was an opportunity for Congress to break a pattern in which lawmakers have "  paralyzed ourselves by making the perfect the enemy of the good . " "  We tried to govern on a bipartisan basis , " she said . "  We reached across the aisle and we reached across the Capitol dome . "	President Barack Obama signed the deadline extension early Friday morning Senate could vote on spending bill Friday , but have until Saturday before next deadline Congress narrowly averted another shutdown Thursday night , 14 months after the last one What 's new is that now Democrats do n't need their President
CNN  -- When your grandmother is one of the most famous cosmetics moguls in history , it might put a little pressure on you to succeed . But for Aerin Lauder , the 44-year-old granddaughter of Estée Lauder , who founded the eponymous make-up company , the legacy has been an inspiration rather than a burden . Lauder worked her way up through the ranks of the billion-dollar family company for 25 years to the position of style and image director . In 2012 , she decided to combine her passion for home décor with her knowledge of beauty , to launch her own lifestyle brand , called AERIN . The businesswoman spoke to CNN 's Kirstie Lu Stout about her drive , the importance of saying "  no , " and how beauty transcends borders or race . CNN : Are you living out your dream today with your own brand , AERIN ? Aerin Lauder : I 'm definitely living my dream . As a little girl , I 've always loved beauty and I loved home , so I 've managed to combine the two into a brand . CNN : What is it like to live up to the heritage of Estee Lauder ? AL : It is an amazing legacy and I think she is always looking down at me very proud . She taught me the importance of excellence ; so has my uncle , my cousin and my aunt , everyone who works at the company as a family member has really re-emphasized the importance of excellence and perfection . CNN : You had a very international upbringing , growing up in Vienna , Austria , where your father was the U.S. ambassador , then moving to Manhattan . How did that shape who you are today ? AL : It shaped a tremendous amount of my vision , style and taste . When we moved to Europe when I was a teenager I really did not want to go . I was happy in my school , with my friends , but looking back on it , it was the best experience I 've ever had . We traveled every weekend , I experienced incredible new cultures , museums , cities and it really opened up my eyes . CNN : You worked your way through the ranks of Estee Lauder and managed to extend the reach of the brand to all corners of the world , partially through casting diverse models . In 2003 you hired the Ethiopian model Liya Kebede , then in 2011 , models Liu Wen and Joan Smalls from China and Puerto Rico . Why is that an important thing to do in this business ? AL : Because beauty is global . It 's the idea that every woman can be beautiful , which is a concept Estée has which is still so modern today . It 's the idea of beauty from all over the world . CNN : Are you a detail-oriented person ? AL : I 'm very detail-oriented , which is good and bad . Because I will wake up in the middle of the night , thinking about something or seeing a mistake , thinking about it and I immediately send an email -- I 'm very focused on details . But I think that is really important because it is my name on that product , and I think it should be the best it can possibly be . CNN : What has been the biggest mistake you have made in your career and how did you overcome it ? AL : I think it is very important to learn to say "  no . " I think it is sometimes important for brands or the creative director to learn to say "  this might be on trend but it is not right for us . " I launched products and campaigns which I thought might bring in new consumers but in reality would make the existing Estée Lauder one maybe discouraged . CNN : In your business schedule you are balancing work and family . How do you find time and get inspired ? AL : I think you can get inspiration from anything . It can be a walk on the beach , it can be a moment with your children , and also the Internet has been a wonderful source for inspiration . You can Google it , search it , look at the beaches for the sensibility of there and feels like you are there . I think the Internet is a great way to get inspiration . CNN : Is luxury attainable ? AL : Luxury is definitely attainable . I think it could be anything from a beautiful little gold bowl on your desk , to a very glamorous chandelier , and everything in between . Inspire : Building a billion-dollar empire the Tory Burch way Learn : Iconic fashion designs , from Coco Chanel to DVF	Meet Aerin Lauder , glamorous granddaughter of make-up mogul Estee Lauder In 2012 , she stared her own lifestyle brand , AERIN Credited with casting ethnically diverse models for Estee Lauder campaigns
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy and Luke Donald look set to fight it out for the $ 8million prize at the World Tour Championship after finishing level at the top of the leaderboard Friday . The pair , who are joined on 11-under by Scotland 's world No. 189 Marc Warren , are in pole position after another impressive day on the Earth course . World no. 1 McIlroy , who revealed that he had been suffering with the extreme heat , looked in top form with tennis ace girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki smiling on from the gallery . Top two dominate in Dubai "  I did n't feel great last night , but I felt much better this morning and felt nearly 100 % on the golf course , " McIlroy told reporters . "  I guess it 's just us Irish and the skin just not used to this sort of sun . That 's my excuse anyway . "  I played well . I continued to drive the ball really well and gave myself plenty of opportunities . It was a solid round and obviously , puts me in a good position going into the weekend . "  I am as motivated as I have been the whole year and I am not going to let it drop just for this week . " McIlroy clinches money list double It was another successful day for Englishman Donald , who hit a bogey-free round of 68 with two birdies on either half of the course . "  I have n't dropped a shot in 36 holes , so that feels really good , " he said . "  But it was n't quite as good on the greens today ... I had some opportunities on a few holes that I just misread . " While the world 's top two have dominated , the emergence of Warren has come of something of a surprise , not least to the man himself . "  It was nice to be the Scot in that pack with the Englishman and the Northern Irishman , " said Warren , who is ranked 55th in the Race to Dubai . "  It 's great to be in contention with guys like that . I just looked at the leaderboard and kind of enjoyed it really . "  At the same time , I am just trying to stay patient and keep doing what I am doing . I am really looking forward to the weekend . " While the top three stole the headlines , it was Spain 's Sergio Garcia who carded the round of the day after equalling the course record of eight-under 64 . Elsewhere , South African pair Louis Oosthuizen  67  and Branden Grace  65  sit a shot off the lead with Masters champion Charl Schwartzel  67  and Scotsman Richie Ramsay  68  tied for sixth at nine-under par .	Rory McIlroy and Luke Donald lead the way after second day in Dubai Scotland 's 189th ranked Marc Warren also level with leaders on 11-under Sergio Garcia equals course record of 64 following round of eight-under South African duo Louis Oosthuizen and Branden Grace a shot off the lead
Twenty-two primary school children were wounded in a knife attack Friday in central China , authorities said . The attack took place at the entrance to the Chenpeng Village Primary School in Henan province , according to the public information department of Guangshan county , the area where the school is located . An adult was also wounded , it said . Several of the children are in critical condition , the state-run website Chinanews.com said , citing local authorities . Read more : Malala is face of global attacks on schools Police say they have detained a suspect , a 36-year-old man from the village , state media reported . Initial assessments suggest the man is mentally ill , Chinanews.com said , citing Guangshan authorities . China was hit by a spate of knife and cleaver attacks that targeted school children in 2010 . A number of measures were introduced at the time , including increased security at schools across the country and a regulation requiring people to register with their national ID cards when buying large knives .	Several of the children are in a critical state , state media report The attack took place Friday morning at a primary school in Henan province Police say they have detained a 36-year-old local resident China was hit by a spate of knife and cleaver attacks on school children in 2010
Under an almost cloudless sky , family members gathered and soldiers marched in full military dress . Taps echoed in the wind . A wreath of red , white and blue flowers was placed on a grave . It is a solemn ritual repeated multiple times daily , year-round at Arlington National Cemetery outside Washington . But this ceremony on Tuesday at the resting place of Army Pvt. William Christman carried particular significance . Christman , a civil war soldier , was the first to be buried at Arlington and the graveside remembrance was held to mark the start of the cemetery 's 150th anniversary commemoration , which will continue through June 16 . Over that century-and-a-half , more than 400,000 active duty service members , veterans and their families have been buried there , according to the cemetery 's website . Presidents , astronauts , Supreme Court justices and other notable Americans also have been laid to rest at Arlington . "  It 's a place that is consecrated by all the heroes that are buried here , " said Jack Lechner , the cemetery 's deputy superintendent . "  We have heroes here from every war that the United States has fought in from the Revolutionary War on . " The initial property belonged to George Washington 's extended family and then to Robert E. Lee , who left it at the start of the Civil War . Federal troops used it as an encampment , and the federal government purchased 200 acres in 1864 and established a cemetery . More than 600 acres now , Arlington is mostly known for dignified rows of white marble headstones that sweep down an expansive , rolling tree-lined slope where the hallowed ground almost touches the Potomac River . The cemetery is also a year-round tourist attraction with 250,000 visitors each month . Many flock to the most well-known grave -- that of President John F. Kennedy . It is marked by the flickering "  eternal flame . " For Phil Doyle and his family , visiting from Australia , it was one stop they knew had to be made especially with one of their sons training to be a helicopter pilot in the Australian Forces . "  It 's an emotional thing walking in and seeing all the tombstones . It really hits you hard , " said Doyle . "  It 's one of enormous sacrifice by so many people . " Rebecca McCarley , a police officer from Oklahoma City , has visited the cemetery before and says she is overcome by feelings of extreme gratitude . "  It is absolutely awe inspiring the change of the guard by the Tomb of the Unknown . It 's such a huge sacrifice people made so that we could be free . " Barbara Christman Page , Christman 's great-grandniece , had been to the cemetery before . But she was never aware there was a family grave site , something she will make sure to change for her grandchildren . "  It is so important . It also made us think that we need to pass this story on as opposed to just letting it stop right here , " Page said . "  We are going to make sure that they know . We will probably bring them back so they , too , can visit William 's grave . " World 's most scenic cemeteries A child of war , with a sense of purpose	Ceremony honors first soldier buried there in May 1864 Property was owned by George Washington 's family , Robert E. Lee More than 400,000 people are buried there , including John F. Kennedy
Washington  CNN  -- For the past 30 years , Chris McDaniel has attended the West Ellisville Baptist Church -- a house of worship that held a fish fry this month for the congregation 's widows and widowers and where kids attend vacation Bible school in the summers . Such things are important to folks in McDaniel 's hometown of Ellisville , Mississippi , population : 4,448 . It is a town named for a Mississippi senator , Powhatan Ellis -- a relative of Pocahantas , but which proudly goes by the nickname "  The Free State of Jones " thanks to Jones County 's role in opposing the Confederacy during the Civil War . Raised in an environment where both conservative Christian values and an independent streak run deep , it is perhaps little wonder that one of the city 's native sons would challenge long-serving Sen. Thad Cochran for office . And , if the money pouring into McDaniel 's campaign coffers from conservative groups is any indication , hopes are high among such organizations that McDaniel just might pull off a rebellion of his own in Tuesday 's runoff . "  It 's all in God 's hands , " McDaniel told CNN . " ... God has a plan . We pray to find his will , and his will will be done . We 're going to fight , every day he gives us , and we believe we 're going to be victorious , pursuant to his will . " McDaniel , a conservative who has the grassroots support of the tea party , the Club for Growth and Sarah Palin among others , is challenging Cochran , a septuagenarian , who has the backing of such groups as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Mississippi Conservatives , a super PAC headed by the nephew of former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour . ` The indifference that comes from a long-term incumbent ' McDaniel has "  been able to capitalize on the indifference that comes from a long-term incumbent , " said John Bruce , chairman of the University of Mississippi 's political science department . "  He 's also been able to capture some of the more national anti-establishment Republican movement . " Tea party conservatives -- who were dealt setbacks in Republican primaries in Kentucky and other states in the spring -- are banking on Mississippi as the best chance to eject another "  establishment " Republican . The group 's organizers are galvanized by a surprise upset in the Virginia GOP primary when House Majority Leader Eric Cantor lost to tea party-backed political newcomer Dave Brat . "  McDaniel reflects that change momentum we 're seeing all over the country , " Sal Russo , co-founder and a chief strategist for the Tea Party Express told CNN . Cochran 's "  been a distinguished senator over the years but he 's lost track with where the people of Mississippi are . " If McDaniel and Cochran 's inability to net 50 % of the vote in the June 3 Republican primary is any indication , then the people of Mississippi are split . Blogger 's arrest shakes up Mississippi Republican primary It 's also a race that , at times , waded into the Mississippi mud . Last month , political blogger Clayton Kelly was arrested after authorities charged him with breaking into a nursing home where Cochran 's wife , Rose , has lived for roughly 14 years . Photos of the elderly woman ended up in a political attack ad on YouTube , according to the Clarion-Ledger . Both Cochran and McDaniel denounced the act , but the fallout prompted both campaigns to accuse the other of playing dirty politics . But in Jones County at least , where Ellisville is located , the odds are in the hometown boy 's favor . Daniel handily won his home county in the June 3 primary with 11,519 votes to Cochran 's 1,941 , according to the Mississippi Secretary of State 's office . Native son McDaniel is the grandson of country music star Luke McDaniel , who went by the stage name "  Jeff Daniels . " He grew up as an only child whose parents worked at Jones County Community College . His was a religious upbringing and , according to his campaign 's Facebook page , he "  committed his life to Jesus Christ at the age of 13 . " He was also an athlete who excelled in basketball and won a scholarship to attend the University of Mississippi . He eventually earned a law degree from Ole Miss and married Jill , an educator and former beauty pageant queen who was once "  Miss Mississippi . " The couple are raising their children Cambridge and Chamberlain back in Jones County . In addition to practicing as an attorney , McDaniel was also a syndicated conservative radio host of "  The Right Side Radio Show , " which says it offers "  today 's news commentary from the Southern side of Christian conservative politics . " Back then , his knack for hammering liberal policies caught the attention of local conservatives . "  I 'd hear him on the radio , and I 'd think ` that guy 's a true conservative , ' " said Grant Sowell , a longtime associate and chairman of the Tupelo Tea Party . Complete coverage : 2014 midterm elections McDaniel 's on-air comments would later come back to haunt him . Earlier this year , a radio clip surfaced of McDaniel vowing "  I ai n't paying taxes , " if his taxes increased because reparations were paid to the descendants of Africans who were enslaved . He also made fun of Spanish and said "  a dollar bill can buy a mansion in Mexico . " In the spotlight McDaniel was thrust into the national media spotlight . Campaign spokesman Noel Fritsch blew off the blowback . "  The liberal press clearly loves to attack conservatives of all types , " Fritsch told the Wall Street Journal . "  When Chris got into this race he knew they would throw mud , so it 's no surprise they 'd dredge up decade-old comments made on conservative talk radio . McDaniel burst onto the Mississippi political scene in 2010 as a freshman state senator when he challenged Gov. Haley Barbour 's veto of a measure that would block the state from using eminent domain to take land to be used by private companies . That effort failed but inspired a grassroots-backed initiative which was ultimately successful . That same year , he led the legal effort in his state to have the courts declare Obamacare 's insurance mandate unconstitutional . He has vowed to work to appeal Obamacare if he is elected to the Senate . Much like the senator he is challenging , McDaniel sat on his state legislature 's Senate appropriation committee . Like Cochran , he 's also pulling in star power to help out in the final campaign push . Chuck Woolery -- who hosted "  Wheel of Fortune , " "  Love Connection " and "  The Dating Game " -- campaigned for McDaniel this weekend . Key races to watch in 2014 The McDaniel campaign did not respond to CNN 's questions about his tenure in state office or his plans should he be elected to the U.S. Senate . Still , supporters such as Sowell hope that voters will recognize what he sees as McDaniel 's "  authentic conservative voice . " And , as for those who question what McDaniel as a congressional neophyte who eschews pork barrel spending will be able to accomplish for Mississippi , Sowell said McDaniel would serve the state 's interests well while steering clear of government waste . "  Thad did not hang the moon , " Sowell said . "  And Chris McDaniel can not take it down . " Sen. Thad Cochran , a quiet pragmatist facing re-election challenge CNN chief congressional correspondent Dana Bash contributed to this report .	The Mississippi Senate runoff is June 24 Chris McDaniel is challenging Sen. Thad Cochran in a tense showdown McDaniel is a lawyer , former radio host and grandson of country music star Jeff Daniels McDaniels is no stranger to taking on veteran politicos
CNN  Wintry weather is a relative thing . The Northeast is on alert -- urging drivers to stay off roads -- as the fourth storm in three weeks drops snow that in Boston has exceeded 45 inches in February alone . It takes a fraction of that to get residents in the South into emergency mode . Sometimes , it does n't even have to snow -- just the possibility of wintry weather is enough for a partial shutdown . "  Wintry precipitation possible " early this week , the National Weather Service in Atlanta said . The Weather Service issued a winter storm watch for northern Georgia , warning of potential snow and ice accumulation on the roads . This is likely all it will take to send shoppers to grocery stores , with memories of snow events a year ago in Atlanta and Birmingham , Alabama , that caused major headaches for residents . Temperatures dropped in the Atlanta area on Sunday , and even though the forecast suggests the snow/ice mix will likely fall farther north , some school districts closed out of an abundance of caution . Also out of an abundance of caution , Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal declared a state of emergency for 15 northern Georgia counties and asked state workers in those areas not involved in emergency response to work from home . NY tourism site : Do n't come here , go to Florida Last year , it took less than 3 inches of snow to paralyze Atlanta , with motorists stranded for more than 20 hours in some cases . CNN meteorologist Michael Guy explained the weather : "  An area of low pressure will pick up Gulf moisture and collide with the cold air for a major winter event over the next couple of days for areas from Arkansas through Kentucky and Tennessee , " he said . While last year 's debacle has Atlanta 's preparations in the spotlight , other parts of the South are bracing for worse weather in the next day or two . "  We have a difficult task ahead of us over the next 24 hours . Our crews will be out in force , and our primary focus initially will be on the interstate system . We will begin clearing secondary routes as quickly as we can . We will work until the job is done , but this will likely be a sustained effort through Monday into Tuesday . We ask motorists to please limit travel during this period , " said Heather Jensen , a spokeswoman with the Tennessee Department of Transportation . In New Orleans , authorities announced Mardi Gras parades scheduled for Monday would begin earlier in anticipation of the bad weather . Some areas in Kentucky could receive upwards of 10 to 12 inches of snow , Guy said . The North Carolina Zoo in Asheboro closed because of "  heavy wind damage to trees throughout the park . " The wind knocked down two trees at the zoo , spokesman Gavin Johnson told CNN . "  No animals were injured and no buildings or exhibits were damaged , " he said . Boone , North Carolina , resident Lee Davis reported 2 to 3 inches of snow in his town , via Twitter . The self-described "  weather freak " warned followers to heed warnings . Residents in other Southern states made preparations , too , from raiding the bread aisles at supermarkets to buying ice melt . CNN 's Carma Hassan and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	Winter storm watch in effect for parts of the South Just a little snow or ice can be enough to cause havoc
Cairo  CNN  -- Clashes between Egyptian security forces and armed men on the outskirts of Cairo Thursday left at least one police official dead , authorities said . At least 65 men were arrested during the security forces ' operation in the district of Kerdasa , the Interior Ministry said . Images broadcast by Egyptian state TV showed security forces raiding buildings after a gun battle in the streets of neighboring Nahiya . Last month , 11 police officers were killed in Kerdasa in an attack following a crackdown by security forces on supporters of former President Mohamed Morsy , which left hundreds of people dead . Security forces have blamed Islamist supporters of Morsy , who was ousted by the military in July , for the killings of the police officers in Kerdasa . They had been unable to regain control of the area before Thursday . The Interior Ministry said three of the people arrested Thursday are main suspects in the killings of the police officers in Kerdasa and that the others were wanted in relation to the attack . Also Thursday , the Cairo subway resumed service after being temporarily suspended following the discovery of suspicious objects on the track , Egyptian state TV reported . The Interior Ministry described the items on the track as "  homemade foreign objects . " There were no explosive charges found in the objects , the official news outlet Egynews reported . CNN 's Ian Lee reported from Cairo and Samira Said from Atlanta . Ali Younes contributed to this report .	Security forces arrest 65 men in connection with a deadly attack last month The operation is in Kerdasa , a district on the outskirts of Cairo A police official is killed during armed clashes that took place there Subway service in Cairo is briefly suspended after suspicious objects are found
Obamacare might be off to a slow start but it 's starting to pick up steam , at least in states that are not using the beleaguered HealthCare.gov website . Blocked out at www.HealthCare.gov ? Bypass on way soon , feds say For the past month , CNN has conducted a state-by-state survey to determine enrollment in the new insurance plans . As of Tuesday afternoon , at least 133,257 people had chosen new insurance plans in the 14 states with their own signup apparatuses . Nearly half of them were enrolled in the past two weeks . One of the biggest jumps is in California . Through November 2 , 35,364 Californians had selected private plans through the new insurance marketplace . Less than two weeks later , the number was up to 59,000 . The state with the second-highest enrollment is New York , where at least 24,509 have selected a plan . The next highest enrollments are in Washington state , Kentucky and Connecticut . Bad news for woman cited as Obamacare success story Enrollment is harder to pin down in the 36 states using HealthCare.gov , although it 's running well behind the states with their own programs . As of November 2 , just 26,794 people had enrolled in the HealthCare.gov states . CNN 's current tally for this group is 43,743 enrollees , but that 's based on just a handful of states that have provided updates . In addition , 58,857 newly eligible people have enrolled in state Medicaid programs , with another 275,131 people signed up to start Medicaid coverage on January 1 , 2014 . Young , healthy needed Aside from raw enrollment numbers , the data are being scrutinized for any hints about the makeup of the newly insured . In its projections , the Congressional Budget Office estimated that 7 million people would enroll in private insurance plans through the marketplaces in 2014 , and that 2.7 million -- about 38 % of the total -- would be between the ages of 18 and 34 . "  There 's general agreement that we need younger and healthier people to offset the costs of sicker people coming into the system , " says Robert Zirkelbach , a spokesman for America 's Health Insurance Plans , an industry group . "  That 's what will add more stability . " If the concentration of older and sicker enrollees in the new plans is too high , insurers could be forced to raise their rates , which would further discourage young and healthy people from signing up . Taken to an extreme , this vicious cycle could -- in theory -- lead to what Obamacare critics call a "  death spiral " and the collapse of the law . Industry spokesman : Too early to draw conclusions So , how 's it going ? It 's a limited picture . HHS has n't released demographic data for people signing up through HealthCare.gov , and only three states provided their own data to CNN . In those states , the number of under-35 enrollees is less than CBO projected : in Kentucky , 19 % of enrollees are age 18-34 . In Connecticut and Washington state , the figures are 22 % and 23 % , respectively . But Zirkelbach says it 's way too early to draw conclusions . "  There 's lots of evidence to suggest that people needing serious medical care are most likely to purchase insurance initially . Those who do n't have urgent medical needs are more likely to purchase insurance later . " Missing from Obamacare : Working & middle class What 's more , age is only a piece of the puzzle . Since those applying for insurance no longer disclose anything about their health , Zirkelbach says insurers wo n't have a good sense of their medical needs -- and what it will cost to cover them -- until well into 2014 . Obamacare architect : No risk of a ` death spiral ' The law 's supporters say the dire scenarios are farfetched . "  There is essentially no risk of a ` death spiral , ' " says MIT economist Jonathan Gruber , who helped design the ACA as well as the Massachusetts law on which it was modeled . "  There are substantial risk mitigation mechanisms as well as subsidies that will attract in healthy enrollees . " Most important , say Gruber and Zirkelbach , is a section of the ACA under which the federal government will pick up a substantial portion of the losses for the next three years , if the program goes sour for insurers . There 's no precedent for a program of this size and scale , and Gruber warns that that the early data are ripe for overinterpretation . While fewer young and healthy customers would mean higher premiums , "  it 's hard to say how big a difference 28 % vs. 38 % makes -- we just do n't know . " The trends are likely to come into sharper focus in the next several weeks . Most experts expect the pace of enrollment to accelerate , as the HealthCare.gov website starts to function better and potential customers have more of a chance to explore their options . So far , by CNN 's count nearly 900,000 people have completed applications for new insurance but have not yet selected a plan . Poll suggests Obamacare could have cost Obama second term S.E. Cupp : Why Dems better hope Obama 's lying Begala : Chill -- Obamacare snafus are fixable States slap insurers for misleading letters	A CNN survey shows an increase in enrollments in Obamacare in states not using the troubled website As of Tuesday , at least 133,257 people had chosen new insurance plans in those 14 states Limited , early data shows low numbers of enrollees under the age of 35 Economist who helped design Obamacare says it has mechanisms to attract healthy enrollees
CNN  -- A man who commandeered a training plane in Canada and led U.S. military aircraft on a seven-hour flight across the Midwest told the officers who found him that he 'd hoped he would be shot down , a Missouri state trooper said . Adam Leon told investigators he "  has not felt like himself lately , " according to an FBI affidavit . "  It was -LSB- attempted -RSB- suicide , " said Lt. Jeffrey Vitale of the Missouri State Highway Patrol , one of the first five officers at the scene . "  He was very talkative . He told us everything that was going on . He was very friendly , " Vitale said . "  He hoped to get shot down by our Air Force . " Adam Dylan Leon , 30 , was charged Tuesday with transportation of stolen property and with illegally entering the country , federal prosecutors said . He faces other charges in Canada . "  Leon stated he decided to fly the plane into the United States with the expectation he would be shot down and killed by United States military aircraft , " according to an FBI affidavit . Leon told investigators that "  he has not felt like himself lately and has been treated recently by a psychiatrist , " it reads . Leon , also known as Yavuz Berke , stole the Cessna 172 from a flight school in Thunder Bay , Ontario , where he was enrolled in Confederation College 's Flight Aviation Management program , authorities said . The school said Leon , a Turkish-born Canadian citizen , initially enrolled in 2006 but had been unable to complete the program . He re-enrolled last fall and was considered a good student , passing his solo cross-country flying test last week , the college said . Faculty at the school described Leon as an excellent student who is personable , mature and very polite . But at 3 p.m. ET Monday , he took off in a stolen plane , apparently intending not to come down alive , according to police . Less than a half-hour after takeoff , he was flying over Lake Superior and into the United States . U.S. F-16 fighter jets intercepted Leon near Michigan 's Upper Peninsula border with Wisconsin and tried repeatedly to draw the pilot 's attention , authorities said . Watch how pilot was n't responding " At one point , the pilot appeared to acknowledge that he saw the other planes , said Mike Kucharek , a spokesman with the North American Aerospace Defense Command . But the man did not communicate with either NORAD or the FAA , officials said . According to the federal affidavit , Leon said that he saw "  fighters " shoot flares to get his attention but that he did not acknowledge them . Instead , the plane flew "  erratically " over the course of the afternoon , Kucharek said , sometimes reaching 14,000 feet in altitude and then dropping as low as 3,000 feet . About 10 p.m. ET , with only about 30 minutes of fuel left , Leon landed the four-seater plane on a dirt road in southern Missouri , parking it under what appeared to be a bridge or culvert -- apparently to hide it -- a federal law enforcement source said . See a map of the route " Leon fled into the night . "  Leon did not have any maps and did not know how to get to a local airport to land the plane , " the affidavit said . "  Leon landed the plane on a rural highway and was later arrested . " Stephanie Reynolds , part owner of the nearby Simmons Grocery and Hardware , said she heard a low-flying plane outside her home . Outside , she could see its lights and another plane "  following it , but it was keeping its distance . " The plane circled the area four or five times and appeared to land , she said . Reynolds said her brother , Darin Tanksley , went looking for the plane and found it abandoned . He called the sheriff and volunteered to stay with the plane . The sheriff rejected that idea , worried that the pilot might be armed and still close by . The sheriff 's office told Tanksley that "  Homeland Security " was keeping an eye on the plane . In fact , a Customs and Border Protection aircraft was using thermal imaging while flying above . Reynolds said she called the clerks at the store to warn them . "  It was n't another 20 minutes that -LSB- the clerk -RSB- called and said , ` He 's here , ' " Reynolds said . A motorist had picked the pilot up , given him $ 2 for food and drink , and brought him to the grocery store , Reynolds said . The clerk reported that the pilot went to the bathroom , bought a Gatorade and sat at a booth . Reynolds said she called the police . "  They showed up , and he was still sitting in the booth as if he was waiting , " she said . Vitale , of the Missouri Highway Patrol , said the officers checked Leon for weapons but did not handcuff him as they asked him questions . Leon told the officers that he did not have identification and that no one was with him . "  He was pretty cooperative , " Vitale said . "  I know he was kind of waiting for us . He was sitting there waiting for us to come and get him , so he was kind of expecting it . "  It was pretty bizarre , no doubt about it , " Vitale added . Reynolds said police eventually handcuffed Leon and walked him out . "  He had like a smile on his face , " she said . "  He did n't seem to be worried at all . " Missouri state troopers initially took Leon into custody , accusing him of illegally flying into U.S. airspace . He was handed over to U.S. immigration officials Tuesday morning and detained on suspicion of illegally entering the United States , according to the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency . Confederation College said that as a student , Leon had access to the planes at the airstrip . "  We are very relieved that the plane landed safely and that no one was hurt , " college President Patricia Lang said . "  Confederation College has offered this program for 35 years without an incident of this nature and prides itself on its excellent faculty . " CNN 's Michael Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : Pilot charged with illegally entering United States He stole training plane from Canada , flew into U.S. , authorities say F-16 fighter jets followed pilot , who landed in Missouri , authorities say "  It was -LSB- attempted -RSB- suicide , " Missouri state trooper says
