CNN  -- Sandy disrupted the lives of millions of people when it turned toward the Northeast United States and morphed into a superstorm . Most will return to their routine in time , but some lives are forever changed . Among those people , here are three of their stories : Emergency : A desperate rush to save lives in a hospital The doctors , nurses and staff at the New York University 's Langone Medical Center acted fast Monday evening when their hospital basement flooded , cutting off power and the roof-top generators choked under Sandy 's torrential rain . How you can help Ventilators giving newborns breath failed , lights dimmed and elevators in the 15-floor hospital stopped . Dr. Andrew Brotman described a desperate rush to find other hospitals to take their 260 patients and ambulances to take them there along streets flooded by the superstorm . The hospital was empty of patients by 11 a.m. Tuesday , but Brotman and his colleagues were left with the challenge of reclaiming it from Sandy 's fury . Read more about the fast-thinking efforts of the hospital staff Rescue : Police chief aids hundreds who stayed behind One of Ralph Verdi 's jobs as police chief of Little Ferry , New Jersey , is to make sure residents heed warnings when danger approaches . But many of the 10,000 residents who rode out Irene last year -- the first hurricane to make landfall in New Jersey in 108 years -- might have seen Sandy as another overhyped storm . When Sandy lived up to her billing and flooded Little Ferry and two neighboring towns , Verdi 's job became the rescue of residents trapped in the top floors and roofs of their homes by 6-feet-deep water . Rescuers under Verdi 's direction scrambled to save a Bergen County woman who waved and shouted from her front porch . The chief has been too busy to count how many people have been whisked from rising water , but he knew it was in the hundreds -- with many others , some in pajamas and barefoot , calling for help . Read more about the rescue efforts in hard-hit New Jersey Death : She answered the call of the sea and history While the patients at Brotman 's hospital and the people Verdi rescued all survived , Sandy took the life of Claudene Christian . Christian , 42 , was living her dream as a deckhand on a replica of the historic HMS Bounty before giant waves , churned up by Hurricane Sandy , overtook the three-masted , 180-foot sailing vessel off North Carolina 's coast early Monday . While 14 crew members made it to lifeboats , waves washed Christian , Capt. Robin Waldridge and another crew members overboard . The third crew member eventually swam to a lifeboat . The U.S. Coast Guard staged a daring helicopter rescue : They flew into the hurricane 's outer bands and plucked the surviving crew members from two lifeboats . Christian 's body was later pulled from the sea , but Waldridge remained missing Tuesday . Read more about the adventurous life of Claudene Christian Elizabeth Cohen , Ashley Frantz and Thom Patterson contributed to this report .	Emergency : Dr. Andrew Brotman describes a frantic rush to evacuate 260 patients Rescue : Ralph Verdi 's job was to warn people to flee , then to rescue those who did n't listen Death : Claudene Christian was living her dream as a deckhand on the HMS Bounty
Bobby Smith 's mother , like all parents , looked forward to the day when her baby could use words to tell her what was wrong . What hurts ? Why are you sad ? By the time Bobby turned 7 , Cheri Smith was still wondering if that day would ever come . Her son had been diagnosed on the moderate-to-severe end of the autism spectrum as a toddler . He had ways of conveying his needs -- he 'd give Smith or her husband the remote control if he wanted to watch TV , or hand his mom her purse if he wanted to go out -- but there were so many things he could n't communicate . He "  can not tell us if something hurts , why he is upset or happy , where he would like to go , what happened at school today , what he would like to do for his birthday , what he would like Santa to bring him for Christmas , " Smith wrote on CNN iReport in March 2012 . The older he grew , the worse Bobby 's behavior was getting . He would fly into rages , which Smith believed were in part the result of his inability to effectively communicate his feelings and to understand what others were telling him . Desperate for help , in April 2012 , Smith found a behavioral therapist who would change their family 's life . Bobby turns 10 next month and is a totally different boy now , she said . "  She knew that Bobby had the ability to talk , " Smith said in a recent update . "  She pushed Bobby like none of us had before . " Wherever they fall on the spectrum , people with autism often struggle with communication . They can have trouble developing language skills or fail to understand nonverbal communication through things like eye contact and facial expressions . Parents , therapists and those with autism themselves described a gamut of communication techniques that have helped . Besides working on actual talking , some have found success with picture card systems , sign language or printed words ; others speak through stuffed animals or video game characters . ` Learn to speak our language ' Kat Muir , 26 , works as a speech-language pathologist in Indianapolis , bridging the communication gap . Most of the children she works with have Autism Spectrum Disorder -- like herself . Muir was diagnosed with Asperger 's Syndrome at age 22 when she was in graduate school and still not making friends . She was always adept at using words , but was challenged by social communication . It was particularly hard in junior high . "  Girls are expected to know instinctively how to be social , and when they do n't , it is very obvious , " she said . For years , she thought of a conversation "  as a contest to see who could say the most interesting thing . " She remembers one time when some girls were talking about Britney Spears ; she jumped in with her own contribution , saying something like , "  Planes in World War I had synchronized guns so the gunmen did n't shoot their own propellers off . " No one cared . And they told her so . It got better when she moved to a big public high school , where students seemed more tolerant of differences . Now she reminds herself to talk about what other people like , not just what she finds interesting . She said it helps to find an activity "  that encourages communication but does n't force it . " For her , that 's dance class . "  It 's reassuring to know that I will see familiar faces for an hour at the same time every week . I may socialize by starting a conversation about favorite dance moves , or I may exchange smiles with someone because we 're doing what we love . The more structured a social interaction is , the more comfortable it is . " To those without autism , said Muir , "  Everyone with autism has something to say . Learn to speak our language , and we will learn to speak yours . " Power of a pig California speech-language pathologist Lois Jean Brady agrees . As a certified autism specialist , she advises parents to use their child 's special interests -- animals , music , technology or cars , for instance -- to build their language . "  Go into their world and slowly lead them to yours , " she said . With students who love animals , Brady uses a potbellied pig named Buttercup to communicate . She has found many children feel comfortable talking with an animal and some have said their first words to Buttercup . She tells the story of a junior high school student who desperately wanted friends . She rehearsed a few answers to "  common pig questions " such as "  What does he eat ? " and "  How much does he weigh ? " then sent the young man into the school hallway with Buttercup on a leash . "  It was not long before he was surrounded by other students , mostly girls , answering questions with a smile from ear to ear . A couple of the students remained friends , " she said . Brady 's own son is on the autism spectrum . He is now 20 years old , goes to college and works with other special needs children . When he was younger , he and his mother would spend hours in the living room , lining up toy cars . "  I kept the cars in a large bucket and if he wanted one he had to ask for it , " Brady said . "  Initially it was just ` car , ' then ` blue car , ' then ` shiny blue car , ' building language one car at a time . " More cookies ? It has taken about two years for Emily Ferguson 's son Sammy to learn to use cards with pictures to communicate . The 8-year-old has severe autism , and speaks about three to seven words a month . He ca n't tell his mother when he 's in pain , and she would give anything to have a conversation with him . But she celebrates that he is able to communicate about 30 food requests and 16 nonfood requests  play , go outside , etc.  through pictures . "  I was tickled when Sammy realized he had no limit to the amount of times he could request cookies . For the first time , I felt like a ` normal ' mother , because I had a child who was asking for something he wanted repeatedly , and he was getting the same answer  ` No . '  , " Ferguson wrote in an e-mail . "  It has been an amazing experience to see Sammy go from just crying to using pointing to giving others picture cards on sentence strips . " Ferguson prays Sammy will find the communication tools that work best for him , "  and that he will be able to share his thoughts and emotions with those around him . Until that day , I want the world to understand that my child is worth respecting , loving and cherishing . " Talking at 9 Cheri Smith 's son , Bobby , knew about 50 words by the time he was 9 , but his main form of communication was taking his parents by the hand to what he wanted . A behavioral therapist near their West Virginia home helped Smith understand that their son was physically capable of speaking more , with practice . For the first six months , therapist Sharon Holbert worked with Bobby on sitting properly in his seat , keeping his hands folded on the table  instead of hitting her  and his feet in front of him  instead of kicking her  . There was a close link between behavior and talking : As he learned how to stay calm , he was able to learn more ; as he became better at communicating , he grew more relaxed , Holbert said . "  If you have a student who 's hitting and screaming and kicking , you ca n't teach them anything . Once you get them to a place where they 're ready to learn , then bam , you can do something , " said Holbert , a board-certified behavior analyst . "  His ability to learn was there . I think he figured out ` if I hit people , they probably will leave me alone . ' " As they worked on identifying colors , numbers or letters , Holbert would n't acknowledge his response as correct unless he said it verbally . Smith copied the model at home . "  If he wanted any food items , if he wanted a particular TV show that he liked , if he wanted to go outside , he had to ask verbally or he did n't get his want , " Smith said . "  Quickly it was just easier for him to say the word than it was to throw a fit . " He can now verbally identify letters , colors , animals and some shapes , count up to 20 and say about 100 vocabulary words . He can answer simple questions and has gone from using single words to short sentences like , "  I want rice cakes please , " or mostly complete sentences like , "  I want swim at the beach . " "  We went from being a family where our child was physically aggressive and having constant meltdowns to one that is enjoying experiencing the world through Bobby 's eyes . " He also has his own unique language , which his parents have come to appreciate , too . Bobby loves to go for car rides . When he wants his mom to turn down a particular road , "  he will put on his own turn signal . He clicks his tongue and makes it sound exactly like a car 's turn signal , and that is how I have known where he wants to go . "	Autism comes with communication struggles CNN invited families to share their successes "  Learn to speak our language , and we will learn to speak yours "
CNN  -- Every sports fan has daydreamed about what it would be like to own their hometown team . For the vast majority of enthusiasts it is a far-fetched , and unaffordable , fantasy . But if you are one of the world 's wealthiest golf stars , it is an investment you can seriously consider . And it would seem four-time major winner Phil Mickelson is pondering such a purchase , after the California native revealed he is part of a group considering a bid for the San Diego Padres Major League Baseball  MLB  franchise . "  I 've had the opportunity to invest in other sports franchises , and I 've turned it down in the past , " the 41-year-old told the San Diego Union-Tribune website . Donald wins to return back to the top of the world rankings "  This was a unique opportunity with families that had done this before and know how to do it right and want to get involved in the community . " Mickelson , who was born in San Diego , is the second-highest earner on the PGA Tour , having amassed winnings of $ 66 million since turning pro in 1992 . According to the financial magazine Forbes , the three-time Masters champion pocketed $ 48 million in winnings , endorsement and other income between May 2011 and May 2012 -- making him the sixth highest earner in sport . Over the eight years Forbes has been compiling the list , it is estimated Mickelson has earned $ 378 million . Mickelson , who is part of a group of potential investors which includes four grandchildren of former Los Angeles Dodgers owner Walter O'Malley , revealed he would be putting "  a lot " of his own money into the deal . "  Given the price tag , " said Mickelson , "  it 's a significant amount . " The size of the offer is not known , but the Dodgers were sold for $ 2.1 billion last month to a group including former basketball superstar Magic Johnson . "  When we met with Phil we were inspired by his commitment to San Diego and his passion for the Padres , " Kevin O'Malley , one of the other potential investors , said in a prepared statement released to the PGA Tour 's website . "  He is a world-class person , athlete and businessman with a strong history of charitable leadership and he will be an ideal partner for many years in San Diego . "	Phil Mickelson is considering an investment in the San Diego Padres The four-time major winner could bid for baseball team as part of a consortium The San Diego native earned reported $ 48 million between May 2011 and May 2012 Forbes magazine estimates Mickelson has pocketed $ 378 million in last eight years
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Global warming concerns took center stage Monday as two organizations held rallies to draw attention to an issue that President Barack Obama has promised to place near the top of his agenda . Demonstrators stand outside the Capitol Power Plant in Washington on Monday to protest the plant 's use of coal . A group of young protesters gathered in front of the Capitol to rally on behalf of legislation to reduce carbon emissions , decrease dependence on coal and oil , and speed a national drive toward "  clean " energy . Later Monday , hundreds of representatives of a coalition of environmental , public health , social justice and other advocacy organizations marched around Capitol Hill and encircled a Washington coal-fired power plant to highlight the issue of climate change . The group , protesting the Capitol Power Plant 's use of coal , stood in front of the plant 's gated entrances . The plant powers the heating and cooling systems in the Capitol , as well as roughly a dozen other federal office buildings on Capitol Hill . "  The Capitol Power Plant , sitting just blocks from Capitol Hill , symbolizes the stranglehold coal has over our government and future , " the group said on its Web site . "  It 's not the largest or the dirtiest power plant in the country , but as the plant that is actually run by and for Congress it serves as an incredibly iconic symbol of what is wrong with our country 's energy and climate policy . " No arrests were made as a result of the protest , which "  did n't affect the operations of the power plant , " Capitol police Sgt. Kimberly Schneider said . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid released a letter Thursday calling for the plant to convert to 100 percent natural gas by the end of 2009 . "  Taking this major step toward cleaning up the Capitol Power Plant 's emissions would be an important demonstration of Congress ' willingness to deal with the enormous challenges of global warming , energy independence and our inefficient use of finite fossil fuels , " they wrote . Several members of Congress and environmental leaders addressed the earlier rally , which was held at the conclusion to Power Shift ' 09 , a four-day environmental summit organized by the Energy Action Coalition . The coalition describes itself as an umbrella organization of 700 groups fighting for "  clean energy solutions and the creation of a new green economy . " It 's time to "  turn up the political heat in Washington so we can turn down the heat on Mother Earth , " Rep. Chris Van Hollen , D-Maryland , told the crowd . "  The science tells us that the time for talking about this problem is over . The time for action is now . " The concept of "  clean coal " is a "  dirty lie , " added environmental activist Robert F. Kennedy . "  The most important thing you can do is not to change your light bulb but to change -LSB- members of Congress who have been -RSB- corrupted by ... dirty , filthy industry . " America needs to be freed from the "  carbon cronies , " who are part of the "  biggest threat to civilization , " Kennedy said .	Two protests on global warming issues hit Washington Group rallies for legislation to reduce carbon emissions , back "  clean " energy Separate group protests Capitol Power Plant 's use of coal Group : Plant "  symbolizes the stranglehold coal has over our government and future "
London  CNN  -- Manchester United , the world 's most famous soccer team , fired manager David Moyes on Tuesday , less than a year after hiring him to replace football legend Sir Alex Ferguson . Here 's a look some key numbers for the club under Moyes : Seventh place : Manchester United is on track for its lowest finish in Premier League history . With four games to play , the team can not finish higher than fifth in the table . This will be the first time it has finished outside the top three since the Premier League began in 1992 . 57 points : With 34 Premier League games under his belt , Moyes has won 17 , drawn 6 and lost 11 . Soccer commentators have been pointing out for months that Moyes is actually doing slightly better than Ferguson did in his first season as manager , starting in 1986 , but Ferguson was taking over a 20th-place club on the way up . Moyes took over the team that won the Premier League last year . 1.64 : Average number of goals the team has scored per game this year , down from 2.27 last year . 31,300,500 pounds : Manchester United will not qualify for Europe 's top soccer competition , the Champions League , next season . That 'll cost the team more than 31 million pounds  $ 52.6 million  , since it will lose the broadcast revenue it gets from being in the Champions League . Two : The number of times Manchester United has n't been in the Champions League , including next season . Ten months : The length of Moyes ' tenure as manager . Ferguson led the club for 27 years , but to be fair , in today 's Premier League , 10 months is a much more common tenure than 27 years . Six years : The length of Moyes ' contract when he was hired last July . The Daily Telegraph reported he 'll probably get a one-year payoff , not the full five years ' salary , because he failed to meet performance targets . Under U.S. stock market rules , the club will eventually have to reveal Moyes ' terms . $ 19.18 : Manchester United 's highest share price on the New York Stock Exchange in May last year . That 's the highest it 's been in the past year , and it plunged in the wake of the announcement of Moyes as manager . It hit its lowest point , $ 14.26 , in February as the team suffered one defeat after another , but recovered to $ 17.72 by the time Moyes was fired . 1996 : The last time a defending Premier League champion finished as low as Manchester United now ranks .  Trivia buffs : It was Blackburn Rovers , who won the league in 1995 and finished seventh in 1996 . CNN 's Ursin Caderas , Chris Eldergill , Mark Thompson , Irene Chapple and Sarah Chiplin contributed to this report .	David Moyes has been fired less than a year after taking the job of team manager Manchester United is on track to its worst finish in Premier League history Failing to qualify for Champions League will cost club more than 30 million pounds Moyes lasted 10 months of a six-year contract
CNN  -- A French job-seeker has "  sold " himself with an online resume made to look like an Amazon page , proving that some creativity and attention to personal branding can go a long way . Philippe Dubost began his trawl for a new job as a web product manager in late December . Depressed by the thought of sending a regular resume into the ether as part of the usual job application process , he built his to look like an Amazon page , complete with product dimensions , five-star ratings , world-wide shipping and even a gift-wrap option . "  Amazon 's pages just naturally fit the form of a resume , " he said . "  I just thought that if a company thinks that this is fun , then that 's a company I would like to work for . " "  At first I sent it out as a link with the normal job applications I was sending , but then sent an email to a popular French blog saying ` Hey guys , if you 're bored and have nothing to look at ... ' " That was the beginning of last week . From there its journey across blogs and social media has propelled it from around 500 hits a day to over 200,000 , and the page has gained over 27,000 Facebook "  likes " . But more than just being a fleeting Internet sensation , Dubost 's Amazon resume has also done what it was designed for . From the 800 or so messages he has received over 100 have been work-related with job offers coming from across Asia and Europe . "  Quite a few are great and are really fit what I 'm looking for , " he said . Imitation may be the sincerest form of flattery and Dubost admits that Amazon is one of the companies he greatly admires and would like to work for . However he remains tight-lipped about how the company has responded , or even if it have contacted him at all . As well as being a smart piece of design , the creative resume also shows Dubost 's personality , something he believes has helped it reach its target audience . "  It made me realize how important personal branding is , " he says . Whitney Johnson , author and career and life advisor agrees : "  Personal packaging is absolutely vital " she says . "  If you think about it , people do n't buy products , they hire them to do a job . You have to figure out a way to make employers believe that you 're the person who can get a job done . It is not the responsibility of any future employer to figure out how the employee can do the job , it 's the employee 's responsibility . " Dubost 's advice to others is to do what you can to differentiate yourself from other would-be job-hunters and be creative with it . "  Although that does n't apply for all industries ; if I was an accountant it 's not the same , " he says . "  But you can always do something that is relevant to the industry you work in . " The overwhelming response to Dubost 's experiment did make him question if he should n't take his career in a different direction instead of just search for a new job . "  It occurred to me , and many friends said the same , that maybe I should  do something different  . But in the end I did this for a job and it has opened up opportunities with companies I really want to work for . I was so completely not expecting this . "	Web product developer created online CV to look like Amazon page Resume went viral and Dubost gained over 100 offers of work "  I was so completely not expecting this , " he says Proves the importance of personal branding in job-hunting
A metal object that washed ashore on Australia 's coast was n't from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , officials said . Detailed pictures of the object were enough to convince investigators that it was n't a lead in the search for the missing plane , the Australian agency leading the search for the aircraft said on Thursday . Officials had previously called the piece of metal , which appeared to have rivets on one side , an "  object of interest " in the search . Police picked it up near Augusta , Australia , roughly 1,000 miles away from the suspected crash site , after many futile days of searching for the missing plane . Authorities have n't said what they think the object could be . Possible promising leads have turned out to be false alarms for weeks in the lengthy search for the missing plane , which disappeared mid-flight on March 8 with 239 people aboard . One major challenge that 's complicated the search : the ocean is full of garbage . Other objects search teams have spotted in the Indian Ocean turned out to be trash , jellyfish and fishing gear . Bad weather grounded planes searching for signs of debris on Wednesday . And a high-tech underwater drone found no sign of the Boeing 777 jetliner . If nothing turns up in the Bluefin-21 's underwater search , the investigation will move into a new phase that could involve new equipment and an expanded search area . And as the search came up empty again , a key question loomed : Are they looking in the right place ? "  They have been searching for more than a month . All of the ships , the planes , the satellites they 're using , not even a small piece of the plane was found , " Steve Wang , whose mother was aboard the aircraft , told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Thursday . Abbott : ` We may rethink the search , but we will not rest ' Up to 11 military aircraft and 11 ships are set to search for the plane on Thursday . And there 's still ground left to cover . The Bluefin-21 has scanned more than 90 % of the underwater search area set out by investigators and began its 12th mission on Thursday . "  We will continue with the search operation until we fully cover the search area , " Hishammuddin Hussein , Malaysia 's acting transport minister , said Wednesday . Despite the search efforts for MH370 repeatedly coming up empty during the 48 days since it started , there 's no suggestion the hunt in the southern Indian Ocean is anywhere close to ending . Quite to the contrary , according to Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , whose country is heading up the search for the missing aircraft . "  We are not going to abandon ... the families of the 239 people who were on that plane by lightly surrendering while there is reasonable hope of finding something , " he said Wednesday . "  We may well rethink the search , but we will not rest until we have done everything we can to solve this mystery . " What comes next ? Malaysian and Australian authorities are already mapping out a long-term strategy for the search , which could go on for months or years , if the two-year search for Air France Flight 447 is any guide . Guidelines drafted by Malaysia raise the possibility of a significantly wider search area should the current underwater search fail to turn up evidence of the plane . The document discusses how best to deploy resources , including new underwater search assets . If the underwater search comes up empty , it could ground the air search as well , CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said . "  If it does n't pan out , then all the equations that have been put in the mix to determine where debris might be ... all of that is for naught , " he said . The next logical step after the underwater search is to "  rethink all of the information we have at hand , " ocean search specialist Rob McCallum told CNN . An expanded search area might include the last 370 miles of the plane 's flight path , perhaps 15 miles on either side , he said . He also said it would make sense to turn to deep-towed sonar , which provides less resolution than the Bluefin-21 but about 10 times the range . If the search changes tacks , that does n't mean investigators did the wrong thing by looking where they did for the plane , said CNN analyst David Gallo , who co-led the search for Air France Flight 447 . Satellite and fuel consumption data , and possible pings from the plane 's flight data recorders led searchers to the part of the Indian Ocean they 're combing now , he said . "  It 's the place they had to look . ... Everything pointed to this area , " he said . Going forward , he said , investigators may double or triple the size of the search area while using sonar to map the ocean floor "  so you see where every pebble is . " "  I just do n't know how you leave this place before you take that area of the seafloor apart completely , " he said . What happens if data recorders are found ? Investigators would love to find the flight data recorders from Flight 370 , a potential treasure trove of information into what happened to the jetliner and the 239 passengers and crew on board . If found , the "  black boxes " probably would go to the Australian Transport Safety Board 's accident investigation lab . But the investigation is officially Malaysian , so that country 's officials would decide where the boxes would go . Australia is just one of a handful of countries that have the capability and technical know-how to decipher what 's inside a black box . The investigation into Flight 370 's disappearance is Malaysia 's responsibility . Australia is leading the search for the missing aircraft and participating in the investigation as an accredited representative . The Malaysian Cabinet approved the appointment of an international investigation team to look into the disappearance of Flight 370 , Hishammuddin said . The names of the members will be announced next week , he added . He also said the team will not be looking at the criminal aspects of the investigation , which remain under the Royal Malaysian Police . "  The main purpose is to evaluate and determine the cause of the accident , " Hishammuddin said . Malaysia has completed a preliminary report on the incident , as required by the International Civil Aviation Organization , but has not released it publicly , he said . Inside a black box investigation lab The latest in the search Australia : What 's next Sad , angry relatives in agonizing limbo	The Bluefin-21 begins 12th mission after scanning more than 90 % of search area Analysis of photos shows an object found near Augusta is n't a lead in the search Passenger 's family member asks : Are they searching in the right place ? Analyst : Search area is "  the place they had to look "
CNN  -- The U.S. Navy has pulled off what the service 's "  air boss " called "  a watershed event , " launching a drone from an aircraft carrier . The X-47B Unmanned Combat Air System  UCAS  demonstrator completed a catapult launch from the USS George H.W. Bush off the coast of Virginia Tuesday morning . "  Today we saw a small , but significant pixel in the future picture of our Navy as we begin integration of unmanned systems into arguably the most complex warfighting environment that exists today : the flight deck of a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier , " the "  air boss , " Vice Adm. David Buss , commander of Naval Air Forces , said in a statement . The drone landed at Naval Air Station Patuxent River , Maryland , after a 65-minute flight around Chesapeake Bay , the Navy said . "  The flight today demonstrated that the X-47B is capable of operation from a carrier , hand-off from one mission control station to another , flight through the national airspace , and recovery at another location without degradation in safety or precision , " Matt Funk , the lead engineer for the UCAS program , said in statement . The next milestone will be landing the craft back on the carrier as the flight deck pitches in the open sea , something onboard pilots consider one of the most difficult things they do . That may come sometime this summer , the Navy statement said . Drone came within 200 feet of airliner in March One state has a new law restricting drone use	The launch from the USS George H.W. Bush is called a "  watershed event " The drone landed at an air station in Maryland after a 65-minute flight The Navy hopes to land a drone on a carrier this summer
CNN  -- Vacation rental site Airbnb apologized Monday in the wake of recent highly publicized rental horror stories and announced new property protections and safety measures for site users . Brian Chesky , CEO and co-founder of the site , called the days since reports of theft and damage to one host 's San Francisco home surfaced "  a crash course in crisis management " in a blog post on Airbnb . "  We felt paralyzed and over the last four weeks , we have really screwed things up , " Chesky wrote . Last month , a San Francisco blogger identifying herself only as "  EJ " wrote that her apartment had been ransacked by a person who rented her home via Airbnb . Police have made an arrest related to the case , The San Francisco Chronicle reported . The newspaper described EJ as a corporate event planner in her late 30s who asked not to be named because she still feels victimized . "  We let her down , and for that we are very sorry , " Chesky wrote of EJ 's experience in his blog post . Chesky also announced a $ 50,000 Airbnb Guarantee to protect hosts ' property . EJ will be eligible for the program , going into effect August 15 . The suspect allegedly took EJ 's passport , cash , credit card and her grandmother 's jewelry hidden inside a closet , EJ wrote in her blog post . Also reportedly missing : her camera , iPod , laptop , and an external backup drive filled with photos and journals . EJ is also worried about identity theft because she suspects her birth certificate and social security card were photocopied . "  I do believe that maybe 97 % of Airbnb.com 's users are good and honest people . Unfortunately I got the other 3 % . Someone was bound to eventually , I suppose , and there will be others , " EJ wrote . In addition to the property guarantee , Airbnb has doubled its customer support team to 88 employees since last month and has designated a team to review suspicious activity . A 24-hour customer support line will be available starting next week , according to Airbnb . Hosts now will be able to select "  Trust Settings " for bookings and new profiles will provide more user history online . Chesky outlined some safety improvements last week in a guest column on the blog TechCrunch , but over the weekend , another Airbnb user came forward with an alleged rental horror story . Troy Dayton told TechCrunch that a meth addict with a stolen identity rented his Oakland , California , home two months ago and did thousands of dollars worth of damage . "  At the end of the day , you are renting to a stranger . You should check ... ID 's and phone numbers to make sure they match , " Dayton told TechCrunch . Still , he said he reached an "  agreeable solution " with Airbnb and has since both rented his place out again and stayed in others ' homes through the service . In a "  Safety Tips " section on its website , the company advises both parties to look for a user 's complete profile on the site and check how others have rated the person . Meanwhile , the incident involving EJ , the San Francisco blogger , took another twist late last week when she wrote that one of the co-founders of Airbnb asked her to shut down her blog or limit its access because of the "  potentially negative impact it could have on his company 's growth and current round of funding . " Airbnb has not responded to requests for comment about the blogger 's claims . Airbnb was founded in 2008 with a simple concept : Connect people who have space to rent -- anything from an extra bedroom to a whole house -- with those who are looking for a place to stay . The company gets money from both parties : Hosts are charged a 3 % fee when they receive a successful booking , while travelers pay an additional 6-12 % on top of the rental fee . Users have booked more than 2 million nights in 190 countries through the service , the company says on its website . The startup is so hot that it has attracted actor Ashton Kutcher as one of its investors . Even before the reported horror stories , consumer advisers urged potential users to be sure they understood the process and proceeded with caution . HLN money expert Clark Howard has said Airbnb is not for everybody , calling it an option for "  extra-thrifty " and adventurous travelers . Laurie Segall , a reporter for CNNMoney.com , recently tested the service and had a mixed experience . For less money than it would cost to stay in a hostel , she rented a charming flat in London . But she encountered a strange host and a flooded kitchen when she rented a loft in Berlin . Still , Segall said she would definitely book through Airbnb again . CNN 's Marnie Hunter contributed to this report	Airbnb connects people who have space to rent with those looking for a place to stay Blogger says that her apartment was ransacked by a renter Airbnb announces property protection guarantee , other security measures Incidents have some wondering whether it 's safe to book and rent out through the agency
The Senate approved a $ 1.1 trillion spending measure Saturday night funding most of the government through September , removing the threat of a shutdown for much of 2015 . The bipartisan 56-40 vote sends the bill to President Barack Obama , who is expected to sign it into law . Passage closes a chapter of yet another fiscal battle on Capitol Hill . It came after attempts to delay the legislation by liberals who sought to strip out a policy provision that eases a Wall Street regulation and conservatives who tried to slow action on immigration . In fact , the Senate would not have been in session this weekend if it had n't been for a small band of conservatives who sabotaged an agreement by Democratic Leader Harry Reid and Republican Leader Mitch McConnell , who wanted to vote on the bill Monday . In a late Friday night procedural sneak attack , carried out after McConnell left the Capitol , the group led by Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , forced the Senate to stay . They also pressed to get a vote on a measure to declare the bill unconstitutional because it funds what they say is "  illegal amnesty " included in the President 's recent executive orders on immigration . The move by rank-and-file members to undermine an agreement between the Senate leaders is highly unusual and may reflect the difficulty incoming majority leader McConnell will face managing the Senate when the new Congress convenes next month . Cruz defended his actions . "  Every Republican candidate all across the country said we 'll do everything humanly possible to stop President Obama 's illegal amnesty . We 're honoring those commitments , " Cruz said as he shuttled between strategy sessions in the Capitol with his cohorts Sen. Mike Lee of Utah , Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana , and Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama . "  They 're going to get nothing out of this , " said Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , who , like a lot of senators , was frustrated by Cruz 's tactics and predicted he would not succeed in scuttling the bill . "  This is absolute utter nonsense for us to be here . " Cruz ultimately did receive a vote challenging the funding bill because it included money for the Department of Homeland Security , which is carrying out the President 's recent executive actions on immigration . Cruz and other Republicans say the President 's orders are unconstitutional . Though his challenge failed , the senator wanted a vote to "  ensure that every senator will be on record regarding the constitutionality of President Obama 's illegal amnesty , " Catherine Frazier , Cruz 's press secretary , emailed reporters early Saturday ahead of the vote . Democrats took advantage of the Saturday session to begin procedure votes on 24 nominations , including some controversial ones like Sarah Saldaña for director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , Vivek Murthy for surgeon general , and Carolyn Colvin for commissioner of the Social Security Administration . A senior Democratic leadership aide said some of the nominees would most likely have not received a vote because of timing and senators leaving for the holidays . "  We gave away literally nothing , and we got a number of nominees we would not have been able to confirm if we had n't been in session today , " the aide said . Before the unusual weekend session , much of the drama over the spending bill was in the House , where Republican Speaker John Boehner and Obama formed an unusual alliance to quell their own parties ' rebellions -- led on the left by Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , and Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D - Massachusetts . All the maneuvering was an ominous sign of what 's to come now that this Congress is wrapping up its work and a new one is set to start in January . Boehner and soon-to-be Senate Majority Leader McConnell are still struggling to rein in tea party conservatives who are itching for more showdowns over Obama 's immigration policies , the health care law , the debt ceiling and more . And Democrats who had been loyal to Obama now find they no longer need the President , especially since many of the party 's more centrist members lost their seats in a midterm election that saw Republicans gain control of the Senate and expand their advantage in the House . "  This by definition was a compromise bill . This is what is produced when you have a divided government that the American people voted for , " Obama told reporters Friday . "  Had I been able to draft my own legislation , get it passed without any Republican votes , I suspect it would be slightly different , " he said . "  That is not the circumstance we find ourselves in and I think what the American people very much are looking for is responsible governance and the willingness to compromise , and that 's what we 've clearly done , " Obama added . Beyond keeping the government open , the spending bill includes dozens of far-reaching policy provisions . It blocks a voter-approved law in the District of Columbia , that legalizes marijuana and blunts a school lunch program championed by first lady Michelle Obama .	The 1.1 trillion spending measure passes the Senate with a vote of 56:40 Some liberals fight to strip out provisions easing Wall Street regulations Tea party conservatives try to attack Obama 's actions on immigrations
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- The driver of a fire truck died Thursday while racing to fight a raging forest fire in eastern Spain , the fifth fatality among firefighters this week , authorities said . A firefighter walks around the area where a fire burns in Andorra early on July 23 , near Teruel . The 44-year-old firefighter died while heading toward a fire in Teruel province , the regional Aragon government said on its Web site . Four firefighters died Tuesday while battling a forest fire in the eastern Catalonia region , not far from Teruel , CNN partner station CNN + reported , citing local authorities . Those authorities said the fire , in Horta de Sant Joan in Tarragona province , had been under control at midday Tuesday , but winds revived it , trapping the four firefighters , CNN + reported . By Thursday , the Catalan fire at Horta de Sant Joan remained out of control , a regional official said , while in neighboring Aragon region , six fires still blazed out of control . Some 8,000 hectares  nearly 20,000 acres  have already burned in Aragon , forcing the evacuation of more than 1,600 people . A dozen other fires in the region have been brought under control , the Aragon government said . Aircraft , including planes and helicopters , were being used in Aragon and Catalonia to battle the fires , along with hundreds of firefighters in the hilly terrain , much of it with difficult access . More than 800 Spanish troops are fighting numerous forest fires across Spain , the Environment Ministry said . Other forest fires in Spain on Wednesday afternoon forced an interruption of service of the bullet train between Madrid and Barcelona , affecting more than 6,000 passengers , the state railway authority said . By Thursday morning , service had been resumed on the route , used by many business travelers . Spain is plagued by forest and brush fires every summer , when extremely dry weather sets in along with high temperatures . In 2005 , 11 people were killed when they were trapped by a fast-moving fire in Guadalajara province , east of Madrid . CNN 's Al Goodman and Patrick Sung-Cuadrado contributed to this report .	Aircraft being used in Aragon and Catalonia to battle the fires 44-year-old firefighter died while heading toward a fire in Teruel province Four firefighters died Tuesday in eastern Catalonia , not far from Teruel Spain is plagued by forest and brush fires every summer
CNN  -- Thomas the Tank Engine , whose television adventures on the fictional island of Sodor have delighted children around the world for years , is now on a real-life mission to help kids with autism . Thomas the Tank Engine is part of a new online game to help autistic children recognize different emotions . The steam locomotive and his friends are the stars of a new game in Australia , designed to help autistic children recognize emotions . Autism Spectrum Australia  Aspect  , a nonprofit that provides services to people diagnosed with the developmental disorder , unveiled the game on its Web site Tuesday . The game asks players to recognize which engine has a sad face , or which is happy or angry . Children with autism often have a difficult time distinguishing different facial expressions . Each time a child plays the game , he/she is presented with a different sequence of emotions . In doing so , the game takes advantage of the single-mindedness of autistic children to assist in their development . "  It 's a great way to help develop social and communication skills , " said Anthony Warren of Aspect . A study conducted in the United Kingdom found that autistic children were far more fascinated by the television series , "  Thomas and Friends , " than they were with other fictional characters . The study , by the National Autistic Society , summarized that the show held such appeal because of the clear facial expressions of the characters , the pacing of the program and the easy-to-follow story lines . "  We got those results down here , and we thought , how could we leverage that strength and give a little back to the community ? " said Tom Punch with Haven Licensing , the company that handles licensing for the characters in Australia . Warren said one of the reasons Thomas is particularly stimulating and motivating for children with autism is that it 's very predictable . "  Children can understand the clear visual messages -- the big smile on the front of the engine , " he said . "  The messages it communicates are very concrete , not abstract . And the emotions are primary emotions . It 's uncomplicated . " Autism is a developmental disorder that affects physical , social and language skills . It usually appears before age 3 , though the earliest signs are subtle . More doctors and researchers are referring to "  autism " as "  autisms , " because each child 's case is different , as are the causes , helpful therapies and potential treatments . The Australian nonprofit unveiled the game this month to coincide with Autism Awareness Month in that country . After all , as the show 's theme song attests : "  Red and green and brown and blue ; They 're the really useful crew . "	Online game uses Thomas the Tank Engine to help autistic children Children try to recognize which engine has happy , sad , angry face Autistic children often have trouble distinguishing different facial expressions UK study : More autistic kids fascinated with "  Thomas " than other fictional characters
CNN  -- U.S. and Mexican search teams scoured the Sea of Cortez for seven Americans still missing after a tourist boat capsized Sunday off the east coast of Mexico 's Baja California peninsula and killed one American tourist . Visibility was clear and the water was warm in the sea , also called the Gulf of California , but rescuers had not found any survivors since Monday , Coast Guard Lt. Bill Burwell told CNN . However , he remained optimistic . "  If someone is out there , there is a good chance that they are still surviving , and we will keep looking for them , " he said . The boat was carrying more than 40 people when it capsized . Harry Edwards , a spokesman for the U.S. State Department , said Tuesday that so far 19 American passengers have been rescued . But the search continues for seven more American passengers , he said . U.S. authorities identified the killed American as Leslie Yee . Her city of residence was not immediately available , authorities said . "  The State Department expresses its condolences to the victim 's family and remains in contact with the survivors and families of the missing , " the agency said in a statement . There were conflicting numbers on how many people were on the boat when it sank . Mexican authorities counted 43 passengers and crew , while the Coast Guard put the number at 44 . One of the surviving tourists is Charles Gibson , the chief of police services at Contra Costa Community College District in California . Gibson is an avid fisherman and has participated in the same deep sea fishing trip several times , said Contra Costa Community College spokesman Tim Leong . Gibson 's family has been in contact with him but Leong declined further comment about the circumstances of the incident pending Gibson 's return from Mexico . According to the Contra Costa Community College website , Gibson served in the U.S. Navy where he was assigned to the USS Ranger . He served two terms in Vietnam and received the Vietnam Service Medal . Burwell said the Americans had a C-130 aircraft on scene helping with the search , and were plotting the drift from the site of the incident . Mexican authorities also had assets aiding in the search , he said . The C-130 is equipped with survival gear , rafts and electronic sonar that can detect beacons and people in water , said Ron Clark , U.S. Auxiliary Flotilla Commander . The plane , which will cover a broad swath of the sea in the area , arrived after Coast Guard crews on Monday flew an H-60 Jayhawk helicopter over more than 42 miles of water . The C-130 can fly as low as 1,000 feet and is expected to search for five hours , Clark said . The C-130 and the Mexican navy reported no sightings of the seven missing Americans as of Tuesday afternoon , said Petty Officer 2nd class Levi Read of the Coast Guard . The C-130 has been searching waters around the accident since 2 p.m. ET as Mexican authorities continued their search by helicopter , plane , boats and on-shore vehicles , said Read . All 16 crew members of the Erik survived ; another who had been on the list of crew members apparently failed to embark , a Mexican official said , citing passengers ' accounts . The Erik sank in the Sea of Cortez , near Isla San Luis , Mexico , east of Baja , at 2:30 a.m. Sunday , the Coast Guard said . "  They ran into some bad weather , capsized , the boat sank , " said Petty Officer 2nd Class Henry Dunphy , a spokesman for the Coast Guard in San Diego . Several people swam to shore , walked to the nearest town and alerted the Mexican navy to what had happened , he added . But the Mexican navy said it was alerted by the cook of the boat , who was rescued by fishermen along with two passengers . He told officials that 27 tourists had been aboard the Erik when it sank approximately 60 nautical miles south of San Felipe , the navy said in a news release . All the rescued people were in good health and were taken to their hotels , with the exception of one person with diabetes who remained under observation , the navy said . "  We have been working with Mexican navy authorities and the U.S. Coast Guard in the search and rescue , " Baja Sportfishing Inc. said in an e-mail . "  Right now our main concern is making sure that everyone is accounted for . " The Erik was a 115-foot fishing boat with a 24-foot beam , according to the company 's website . "  Built in Holland , she was equipped with stabilizers to handle the turbulent North Sea , " it said . Later Monday , the website added , "  Due to events occurring at this moment , all further trips are canceled . " Mike Flynn , an advertising representative who had booked the Erik for an excursion in October , said the boat specializes in fishing trips . The boat serves as a "  mother ship " that carries its passengers out to sea , where they then use smaller boats to fish for the day before returning , Flynn said . The Erik offered three meals a day , showers and other amenities for its guests , he said . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Helena DeMoura , Leslie Tripp , Stan Wilson , Sandra Endo and Michael Martinez contributed to this story .	NEW : American victim is identified as Leslie Yee One surviving tourist is chief of police services at a California community college The Erik specialized in fishing trips More than 40 people were aboard the tourist boat
What was supposed to be a celebratory lesson in American history has sent three children to the hospital . They were a part of a Civil War re-enactment group watching a parade in Orem , Utah , when a cannon set off an explosion Saturday . Witnesses said two of the three children injured were initially engulfed in flames , according to CNN affiliate KUTV . "  When the flames went up in the air these three children started crying . One little girl 's clothes were on fire , we 're told , " witness Brittany Tait told KUTV . "  People were running with water to douse her . " The blast happened at the start of the parade , the city 's Department of Public Safety said . The cannon was fired , and a spark landed on a pouch containing additional charges for the cannon . The smoldering ember set off the contents of the pouch , blowing it up and injuring all three children , the press release explained . The extent of the children 's injuries was not immediately known Sunday , but authorities said they were in stable condition when they were transported to a nearby hospital .	An explosion at a Civil War re-enactment sends three children to the hospital Spark from fired cannon sets off additional charges Witnesses say two of the children were engulfed in flames
CNN  Boxing legend Muhammad Ali was released from a hospital Tuesday night after an 18-day stay for treatment of a urinary tract infection , a spokesman said Wednesday . Ali , 72 , was admitted to an undisclosed hospital on December 20 for what spokesman Bob Gunnell initially said was a mild case of pneumonia . The diagnosis later changed . "  After further observation and testing , doctors determined that Ali was suffering from a severe urinary tract infection , not pneumonia as originally diagnosed , " Gunnell said Wednesday . "  The boxing legend has fully recovered and is now at his home . " He said Ali was looking forward to celebrating his 73rd birthday on January 17 with his family and friends . Born Cassius Clay , the fighter won an Olympic gold medal as a light-heavyweight at 18 . In 1964 , he became world heavyweight champion in an upset victory against Sonny Liston . Shortly thereafter , he changed his name to Muhammad Ali to reflect his conversion to Islam . The boxer was also known for his protest against the Vietnam War and refusal to be drafted into service out of religious conviction . He retired from boxing in 1981 and announced his diagnosis with Parkinson 's disease three years later . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Former world heavyweight champion had urinary tract infection , spokesman says Doctors initially had said 72-year-old Ali had pneumonia
CNN  -- Ayen Kuol is a woman with a mission : to get men into the kitchen . Kuol , a Sudanese woman , was working as a health worker in Australia , visiting newly-arrived refugees , when she came across single men going hungry because they had no idea how to prepare simple meals . In response , she set up a cookery school for young Sudanese refugee men in Adelaide , Australia . She is the subject of a documentary , "  Ayen 's Cooking School for African Men , " which was shown in London on Sunday as part of the Film Africa festival . In the film , Kuol talked about a health assessment she did with newly arrived refugees . "  One day I came across these four boys , " she said . "  They were just lying on mattresses and I said ` guys , what 's wrong ? ' "  They said , ` we 're hungry . ' There was plenty of food , but they did n't know what to do with it . I opened the fridge and there was meat , vegetables , apples , grapes . I said ` there 's plenty of food , why are you hungry ? ' " Sudanese refugees began arriving in Australia around 2001 , and more than 20,000 came in 10 years , according to the Australian government . Around 2,000 of those settled in Adelaide , South Australia . Also on Inside Africa : Film shines light on Obama 's Kenyan sister "  Adelaide was quite a monoculture and then suddenly there was a rush of Sudanese refugees , " said Sieh Mchawala , who directed the film about Kuol . Mchawala who grew up in Tanzania with a Tanzanian father and an Australian mother . Many of the new arrivals were young single men who had lost their parents in Sudan 's civil war and had grown up in refugee camps , such as Kakuma Camp in northern Kenya . "  These boys are called the ` Lost Boys of Sudan , ' said Kuol in the film . "  They do n't know where their parents are , they grew up in refugee camps . "  They were lost boys in refugee camps , but they could be lost men here in terms of not knowing what to eat or how to cook or anything . " Read more : Sudan 's ` Lost Boys ' reunited with the past Deeply entrenched labor divisions in the Dinka culture of South Sudan made Kuol 's task a tough one . Not only were the men reluctant to try what they considered to be women 's work , but the women refused to let men in their kitchens and made fun of any who tried . Kuol 's own mother Koko Agot believed it was taboo for men to cook . "  She has been telling me what I 'm doing is against the law and if we were in Sudan I would be charged for it , " Kuol said in the film . Kuol initially struggled to persuade men to take part in her cookery classes . No one turned up to her first class , and only two to her second . Alier Ateny , a youth worker who spent 14 years in refugee camps in East Africa , said before joining the class : "  I 'm quite confused about whether to go or not to go . "  If you go to a cooking class , you may end up not getting a woman to marry you in the community . If you cook you are a woman , you are weak . " Ateny did end up going to the classes , along with around 10 others , aged between 13 and 30 . Mchawala heard about Kuol 's project after deciding he wanted to make a documentary about Sudanese refugees in Adelaide . "  I liked the idea of making a film that was n't a sob story about hardship . It was a great opportunity to make something that was more uplifting , " said Mchawala , 33 . He said he had come across men 's reluctance to cook in his own upbringing , but was surprised by how deeply held the views in the Dinka community were . "  After hearing Ayen 's story about finding a lot of men who were struggling to feed themselves , I thought there would be a lot of enthusiasm for the cooking school , " he said . Also on Inside Africa : Artist joins Nigeria 's ` cultural explosion ' After around three months of classes , Kuol persuaded the men to hold a feast for the women in the community to prove their worth in the kitchen . Mchawala said : "  By the end , they were n't going to be on Masterchef , but they gained a bit more confidence and were a bit more open to trying . " "  Ayen 's Cooking School for African Men , " released last year , was Mchawala 's first film and throughout the making he continued working in two jobs , as a laborer and a barman . He has since made a film called "  Barefoot in Ethiopia , " about an Australian brother and sister traveling to Ethiopia . He also takes part in the "  Big Stories , Small Towns " project , in which film-makers work residencies in small towns . The project won a community interactive award at South by South West 2012 .	Health worker found African men going hungry in Australia because they did n't know how to cook She started a cookery school for young African refugee men in Adelaide Her story is told in a film shown at Film Africa festival in London
CNN  We all know that every baby is special , but Silas Philips pulled off a rare feat right out of the womb . Days before he 's scheduled to leave the hospital , he 's already gone viral on social media because he was born ` en caul . ' Silas was completely encased in his amniotic sac , said Los Angeles ' Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in a Facebook post . That 's so rare , that even doctors delivering babies hardly see it . So Silas ' doctor snapped a photo with his cell phone . It looked like the baby was trapped in a big water bubble . "  Even though it 's a cliche -- we caught our breath , " neonatologist William Binder told CNN affiliate KCAL . "  It really felt like a moment of awe . " Then Binder got to work helping Silas to breathe - and giving him special care , because Silas was born three months before his due date via Caesarean section . Later , Silas ' grandmother showed the cell phone photo to his mother , Chelsea Philips . "  It was definitely like a clear film , where you could definitely make out his head and his hair , " Philips told the affiliate . Silas was curled up in fetal position inside . The amniotic sac is an opaque bubble that covers all babies in the womb from right after conception . As the baby grows , it fills with fluid , including the baby 's urine . The sac cushions the baby from bumps and jostles during mom 's daily ups and downs . Normally , during a birth , it breaks , and the fluid rushes out , which is where the term ` breaking water ' comes from . But sometimes , the sac can get stuck around part of the baby , according to Dr. Amos Grunebaum , an obstetrician and gynecologist , who publishes a website on birth and baby care . It can , for example , get stuck on the baby 's head , which makes it look like its wearing a glass space helmet . That 's also where the term caul comes from -- it derives from Latin words that refer to a helmet . After IVF shock , mom gives birth to two sets of identical twins Such amniotic sac helmet births are rare enough , but to have the entire baby inside the sac , or ` en caul , ' occurs in less than one in 80,000 births , Cedars-Sinai said . When Philips heard how rare her Baby 's birth was , she was flabbergasted . "  I was like , oh my gosh , Silas , you 're a little special baby , " she told KCAL . It 's particularly surprising in a C-section , because the scalpel usually pierces the amniotic sac . The doctors must have missed Silas 's . Florida woman gives birth to 14.1-pound baby boy	Silas Philips was born ` en caul , ' with completely surrounded by his amniotic sac That 's very rare -- it occurs in fewer than one in 80,000 births
CNN  -- It 's not often supermodels are selected for their social awareness -- unless , of course , you 're flipping a fashion and photography status symbol on its head . Pirelli , a tire company best known for outfitting the world 's speediest race cars and superbikes , also has a reputation for publishing calendars featuring stunningly beautiful women in the raciest of poses . The formula for 40 years has been simple : Start with the world 's top models  Kate Moss , Miranda Kerr , Rosie Huntington-Whiteley  , subtract most or all of their clothes , add backdrops from the most scenic locales  Mallorca , Corsica , Seychelles  and multiply it all through the lenses of the best fashion photographers  Herb Ritts , Karl Lagerfeld , Terry Richardson  . Voila ! You have the world 's most sought-after calendar , the Ferrari Daytona of pinup collections . Well , Pirelli has decided to scrap this high-performance model for something more sensible . It 's still sexier than a minivan but quite a departure from years past . "  In tough times , like the one the world is going through ... the idea was to find positive images and transformations in the world , " said Paolo dal Pino , executive president of Pirelli Latin America . It 's not that the Italian tire maker 's executives have n't heard the adage , "  If it ai n't broke ... , " but rather , they decided it was time for a change , dal Pino said . Instead of a fashion photographer , Pirelli brought in Steve McCurry . The self-described "  street photographer " is renowned for his image of an Afghan teen in a ragged burgundy scarf , whose peridot eyes peered out from the June 1985 National Geographic cover . McCurry acknowledges he was surprised to get the call but said he was n't daunted because it is n't so dissimilar to the shots he considers his forte . "  I think a lot of what I do is portraiture , and it did seem to me that could be why they called me , " he said . Curiosity inspires iconic photographer As for the models , social consciousness was considered more of an , ahem , asset than what might slip out the sides of a string bikini or loosely draped serape . Karlie Kloss and Liya Kebede , for instance , were chosen less for their perfect physiques than for their work to bring health care to the underprivileged . Petra Nemcova was n't selected for her hypnotic hazel eyes but for the more than five dozen schools constructed through her Happy Hearts Foundation . "  They 're there not only for their fantastic beauty but also their social commitment , " dal Pino explained . Rio de Janeiro was chosen , he said , because of the economic transformation experienced there over the last 10 years , which by some estimates has lifted as many as 40 million people out of poverty . Rio : The ` perfect Shakespeare stage ' Oh , and it does n't hurt that Brazil is one of the world 's most colorful and soulful destinations -- and a familiar haunt , as Pirelli staged shoots there in 2005 and 2010 . Pirelli began speaking to McCurry in February , dal Pino said , and the photographer drove around Brazil before arriving at his blueprint for the project . "  I wanted Rio to be a presence , " McCurry said . "  I wanted a sense of the place to be part of the pictures . " The shutterbug said he was pleased with the freedom he , the models and staff had to roam the city 's favelas , many of which were considered unsafe for visitors just a few years ago . Today , there are football/soccer fields and recreational centers under construction in these once-destitute parts of Brazil 's second-largest city . Dal Pino noted that showing the development in these onetime shanty towns was integral to depicting the social transformation in Brazil . "  The fact we were able to photograph freely ... demonstrates that some of these places are getting built up , " McCurry said . "  That , hopefully , is evident in the work . " McCurry sought to capture the country 's essence , not only through its vivid settings , but also through its people . In addition to the philanthropic temptresses , he photographed slices of Brazil , whether it was MaringÃ ¡ - born actress SÃ ´ nia Braga , pop singer Marisa Monte or simply a faÃ § ade bearing one of Rio 's elaborate street art installations  the city actually differentiates between street art and graffiti "  tagging , " with the former permissible by law  . He also wanted everyday people . So where 1995 's calendar featured Calvin Klein model Christy Turlington with bare breasts propped atop a metal corset , hands bound at her side , the 2013 shoot brings you images of the Capoeiristas practicing their dance-based martial art that dates back to 16th-Century slaves . And where 2010 's calendar pictured Brazilian beauty Andrea Beatriz Barros topless , licking a rooster she clutched by the throat , McCurry 's calendar contains an image of a vegetable vendor with an arresting gaze , her halter-top blending in with the peppers at her produce stand . Because we 're intuitive enough to know you 'll be off to hunt for some of these images , we 'll save you the trouble , but be forewarned : As artistic as the photos are , they absolutely and unequivocally are 100 % NSFW . Yet the biggest difference between McCurry 's vision and past Pirelli calendars was the clothes . That is , the models wore some . Clothing did n't make them any less beautiful -- "  I think they 're still sensuous , and the sexuality comes through , " said McCurry -- but he was going for a certain elegance in the portraits . He wanted to take these top models , who know the cameras and themselves so well and who are so skilled at their craft , and portray them in a natural setting , to "  let them be photographed the way they wanted to be photographed , the way they wanted to be seen , " he said . He further explained , "  These are women that are making a difference in the world . Let 's photograph them the way they are without it being too dramatized , without it being too campy . " And what bespeaks natural and beauty more artfully than Brazilian bombshell Adriana Lima -- pregnant ? "  When I heard she was pregnant , I thought , ` Well , great . We can work with that . ' It 's who she is , natural , " McCurry said . "  I saw it as a plus . I never questioned whether it might be appropriate . This is fundamental to life . " Lima gave birth to her second daughter , Sienna , in September , but not before McCurry captured her against a stone wall , lips and belly in full pout , lifting her hair back from her neck . Though McCurry has shot fashion models in the past , the bulk of his more-than-30-year-deep portfolio focuses on what he calls "  conflict journalism " : the ravages of war , refugees ' desperation , a spate of "  vanishing cultures , " as he puts it . Asked if tapping him for the Pirelli shoot was akin to yanking a fish from water , he humbly demurred . "  I think it 's possible to kind of walk and chew gum at the same time , " he said with a chuckle . So , to the question that many are asking after catching wind of the calendar : How does one acquire a copy ? The answer , sadly , is you probably ca n't without dropping some coin . Back issues of the calendar can be purchased on eBay for anywhere from $ 20 to $ 150 , but the auction site , as of Thursday afternoon , had only three copies of the 2013 edition . They were commanding between $ 600 and $ 1,000 plus shipping . Pirelli made only 20,000 of this year 's calendar , and they 're handed out as gifts to Pirelli 's clients , certain members of the press and fashion and art societies , dal Pino said . The Pirelli executive believes this year 's calendar will be embraced , despite its departure from naughty tradition , and he does n't see any backlash to this year 's inclusion of clothing . "  We do believe that this  backlash  is not going to happen , " he said . "  We do believe many people will say , ` It 's about time . ' " See more great photography on CNN Photos	For 40 years , Pirelli calendar has featured world 's top models , often nude , in racy poses This year , instead of fashion shooter , conflict photographer Steve McCurry was chosen Supermodels still included , but they were selected for social consciousness over curves Brazilian beauty Adriana Lima was photographed pregnant , posing against stone wall in Rio
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova landed the Toray Pan Pacific Open title in Tokyo on Saturday as her final opponent Jelena Jankovic was forced to retire injured in the first set . Sharapova was winning her first title of 2009 after returning from injury . Unseeded Russian Sharapova was leading 5-2 when Jankovic pulled out with a right wrist injury . It is Sharapova 's first title since returning to the WTA after being sidelined for 10 months after shoulder surgery . Serbian Jankovic claimed the opening two games , but Sharapova stormed back to claim the next five before the seventh seed signaled she could not continue . "  It was a tough start today . Jelena started off so strong , " admitted tennis icon Sharapova . "  It was my second final of the year and I was a bit nervous . "  But I played well enough this week to know I could give her a good match . I just wanted to keep fighting out there and unfortunately Jelena had to stop , " the 22-year-old added . Sharapova has taken advantage of a series of shocks in the $ 2 million tournament which saw world number one Dinara Safina and Venus Williams exit in the first round . Venus Williams was back in action in her opening round match at the China Open in Beijing on Saturday , but was made to fight hard by Russia 's Vera Dushevina before coming through 6-2 7-6 . The seven-time grand slam winner trailed 4-0 in the second set before claiming the next five games . Dushevina hit back to force a tiebreak which Williams claimed comfortably to reach the second round . The tournament is being held in conjunction with an ATP men 's event with Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic and Andy Roddick in action when it gets underway on Monday . Sunday will see top seed Safina and second-ranked Serena Williams in action in the women 's tournament with Sharapova granted a first round bye after her Tokyo heroics .	Maria Sharapova claims the Toray Pan Pacific Open title in Tokyo Unseeded Russian beats Jelena Jankovic who retires with wrist injury in first set Venus Williams wins first round match at China Open in Beijing
The U.S. Department of Labor recently announced that the unemployment rate fell to 8.2 % . That should have been a signal that jobs are coming back and that the economy is about to rebound . But , as many economists say , the numbers fell primarily because unemployed Americans have become so discouraged with trying to find a job that they 've simply quit looking . Because nearly one-third of the American middle class , mostly families with children , have fallen into poverty or are one paycheck away from poverty , it is paramount that we dissect the root causes of this mass disenfranchisement within the American workforce . This was the motivation behind "  The Poverty Tour : A Call to Conscience , " our 18-city bus tour that traveled across the country last year . It was designed to bring more attention to the plight of impoverished Americans . These citizens do not fit the negative stereotypes and propaganda that we 've heard during the Republican presidential primary contests . The candidates who have vowed to cut government subsidies speak of the poor as if their constituents had been exempted from the millions who , despite their middle-class identification and aspirations , now fall beneath the established poverty line . The people we met are n't lazy or eager to live off so-called government entitlements . We spoke with formerly middle-class parents who were thrust into poverty when one or both lost their salaries . We heard the stories of single mothers and fathers , military veterans and former high-wage employees desperately trying to re-enter a workforce that no longer pays living wages . Joann Cotton , a 54-year-old Columbus , Mississippi , resident , was one of those faces of poverty we met on the tour . Unemployed for three years , Joann has gone from making "  $ 60,000 a year to less than $ 15,000 overnight . " Her husband is disabled and dependent on medicines the couple can no longer afford . They rely on food stamps , which , Joann says , "  is depressing as hell . " Receiving government aid , however , has not been as depressing as her job search . Joann says she has applied for at least 300 jobs . Even though she can barely afford gas , she drives to the interviews only to learn that the employers want to hire younger candidates at low wages . The experiences have taken a toll : "  I 've aged 10 years in the three years that I 've been looking for a job , " Joann told us . "  I want to get a job so I can just relax and exhale ... but I ca n't . After a while you just give up . " Like Joann , millions of Americans are just giving up on the possibility of ever rejoining the workforce . These frustrations reflect a reality that is unraveling the American identity . One of the most fundamental dictates in achieving the "  American Dream " has always been a good job that pays wages decent enough to care for our families , buy a car and a home , and live reasonably comfortable lives . What has caused so many to quit looking for jobs and , by extension , abandon the American Dream ? We argue that a covenant has been broken with the American people . We live in a society where corporations put profits over people . We march to the beat of political leaders who have decided the richest 1 % of the people in this country deserve generous tax breaks and preferential treatment while most of the 99 % are forced to pay unbalanced shares of the tax burden and live on less and less . Unemployment has been discussed in sound bites within the framework of the Great Recession . Reporters and pundits pontificate about the housing and home-lending fiasco , the collapse of Wall Street and the amount of construction , manufacturing and government jobs lost as a result of the market 's economic downturn . Yet economists and politicians propose failed remedies based on rebuilding and rebooting systems that have already dashed the American Dream for many . Economist Peter Morici , for example , suggests dynamic job growth will be sparked by increasing domestic oil production , tackling the trade imbalance with China , relaxing regulations for big businesses and curbing health care mandates . Not only do these efforts lack the innovation necessary to meet the demands of a burgeoning world economy , they also do nothing to change the nation 's capitalist equation that renders everyday Americans irrelevant . "  Fair trade " with China will not interrupt the transportation of construction , manufacturing and production jobs overseas in exchange for huge profits . Fat-cat executives running investment firms , banks , insurance , health care and pharmaceutical companies might like to curb health care mandates , but that approach certainly does n't address the needs of Americans looking for decent wages and affordable health care . The Supreme Court 's regressive Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission decision in many ways validates a truism . The court basically ruled that corporations are people . And like all Americans , corporations have the free speech rights and can spend whatever they want on political ads without disclosing who they are or exposing their agendas . So , in a very real sense , corporations are people -- super-rich , self-serving people who can use their billions to influence elections at the expense of , well , real people . Most major corporations are run by the über-rich -- the same people who shipped American jobs overseas , broke the backs of labor unions , pay a fraction of the salaries once paid for manufacturing jobs , turned full-time work into part-time positions , and snatched health care benefits away from employees . And many companies have even established "  unemployed need not apply " policies . In other words , if you do n't have a job when it 's time to apply , you ca n't get the job . When the "  need not apply " story broke late last year , more than 6 million Americans had been out of work for six months or more . Talk about kicking people when they 're down . During our poverty tour last year , we met countless people caught in vicious cycles of looking for nonexistent jobs because their unemployment benefits were expiring or had run out , scraping change together for gas to go on interviews that may or may not pan out , and having to swap food stamps for cash to keep the lights or gas on in the house . Frustrations are especially high among young people dealing with an 18 % unemployment rate -- a more than 60-year high . We attended a town hall meeting in Detroit during our poverty tour where parents complained of 25-year-olds who came of working age before the Great Recession who have never had a job in their lives . The newly launched #FixYoungAmerica campaign is centered around the fact that 20 % of young workers have been out of work for a year or longer , jobs are scarce , and the cumulative student loan debt is more than $ 1 trillion . "  Our generation has been hit far worse than any other , " said Scott Gerber , 28 , part of the group of young people who started the campaign . "  We represent the broken dream of America , and we ca n't let it continue . " That dream has been broken for youths and adults all over the country . Many single mothers have stopped looking for work for the sake of their children 's health . Because of deficit budget cuts , states are either eliminating or tightening eligibility requirements for child care programs that used to serve the working poor . More cuts are on the way , but , for the moment , children of women on welfare have access to basic health care . But previously eligible low-wage-earning parents are now either denied assistance or their children are placed on interminable waiting lists . It has reached the point where struggling parents have to choose between a low-wage job and welfare so their children can receive basic medical attention . A person can survive in the jungle for only so long before his or her spirit breaks . And the spirit of the American workforce is approaching a breaking point . Today 's staggering unemployment is n't the stepchild of the Great Recession . It is the illegitimate offspring of a long-abided system that places the profits and concerns of big business and the mega-rich above the rest of us . The cancer of greed has spread throughout the body of America and surgery based on pre-recession strategies wo n't cure the disease . The inconvenient truth is that America itself is in need of a transfusion of economic equity and radical reform . Everyday people must recognize that their lives matter just as much as the lives of the rich . A workplace rooted in fundamental fairness that provides decent living wage jobs will allow frustrated , unemployed workers like Joann Cotton to breathe again , and give them a chance to become revitalized contributing members of society . It 's time to resuscitate the American Dream .	Writers : Jobless numbers fell , but many discouraged unemployed just quit looking Middle class is slipping into poverty , they say , and the few jobs left do n't pay living wage Our society has lost covenant with people and made a pact with corporations , they write Writers : Only radical change for everyday people , not CEOs , will save American Dream
From craggy cliffs to broad sandy beaches , Britain is rightly proud of its thousands of miles of shoreline . But campaigners say great stretches of it are now under threat from a tide of trash that 's endangering wildlife and could impact visitors . The UK 's Marine Conservation Society  MCS  has published the results of its annual "  big clean up , " which sees hundreds of volunteers take to the country 's beaches armed with garbage bags . The event , last September , saw more than 223,400 individual pieces of trash scooped from the shoreline -- the largest haul since the cleanups began 20 years ago . Among the more bizarre items recovered were a French bulletproof vest , an unopened packet of bacon , a brass candlestick and , disturbingly , a set of dentures . Ordinary people were seen as the biggest shoreline spoilers -- blamed for nearly 40 % of the trash washing up or blowing onto beaches . Commercial and recreational fishing , shipping and sewage outlets are also blamed for detritus including nets , floats , used diapers and syringes . ` Disgusting tide ' Lauren Eyles of MCS says the quantity of litter found was "  disheartening . " "  This is a disgusting tide of litter which is threatening the safety of beach visitors both human and animal . It 's coming in from the sea , being blown from the land or simply being dumped and dropped , " she said in a statement . MCS volunteers tackled more than 200 stretches of coast , which have been ranked from dirtiest to cleanest in terms of the number of sacks of trash filled . The worst offender was identified as Holes Bay , a roadside shore near the southern English town of Dorset , from which 60 sacks were filled . Chesil Cover Shore , also near Poole , came second on the list , with 50 sacks . However , several other beaches on the same area of coastline were considerably cleaner , including a stretch of Chesil Beach that generated just 60 sacks . A tourism official in Poole told CNN that , despite MCS trash haul , the coastline around the city has some of Britain 's cleanest beaches . This includes Sandbanks , a wealthy enclave whose groomed sandy shore has been certified spotless by a European "  blue flag " award for a record 26 successive years . Of those tackled by MCS volunteers , the cleanest was identified as Langland Bay , near the Welsh city of Swansea , which yielded just a quarter of a sack of trash . The top five cleanest also included : Vazon South , Guernsey ; Seatown , Dorset ; Goring , West Sussex ; and Ferring , West Sussex .	UK 's annual "  big clean up " has yielded more than 223,000 pieces of beach trash Among strangest items found were an unopened bacon packet and a bulletproof vest Holes Bay on the southern coast was identified as dirtiest shore Tourism officials say Holes Bay is known more for its clean beaches
CNN  -- I keep my hands hovering in the space between an elevated lamp and a square white box that resembles a washing machine . At a signal , I make patterns with my hands , creating shadows that stretch out on the bright surface below , generating a cacophony of barking , as if a pack of dogs have been released into the East London basement . This is a meeting of the city 's Music Hackspace , an offshoot of the London Hackspace , among the largest of over 1,000 such citizen workshops that populate the world from Brazil to Baghdad . Around a dozen keen members -- and 150 part-time - form the basis of this music chapter ; designing , building and re-purposing instruments to suit ambitious creative projects . The ` washing machine ' is one of eight home-made instruments the members have created that make up the ` Cave of Sounds ' , an installation inspired by prehistoric musical collaboration , which has exhibited in some of London 's leading cultural institutions including the Victoria & Albert Museum and Barbican centre . Three of the instruments respond to physical movement , and another is activated by light . One produces sound through an accelerometer and gyroscope , and there is a sensor-filled hat operated by taps from a metallic glove . Trained percussionist and hackspace member Dominic Averso believes a new style of instrument is emerging from maker culture . "  The technology lowers the bar to participation , so it 's easier to create with it . But the music may be more ephemeral than lasting -- there 's a parallel to early jazz when it was very free and experimental . " Musical legacy But Averso believes that there may be a lasting impact from instruments that interact with the listener . "  Future generations might think it 's wacky to listen to the same song over and over again . " The collective have already made waves through Seaboard , a radically re-imagined keyboard , launched by London start-up ROLI with the work of several members . The instrument uses tactile sensations to create a more nuanced experience , allowing the user greater control of the volume , pitch , and timbre emanating from its rubber keys . The Seaboard has heavyweight support from the likes of Hans Zimmer , who demonstrated its use , and is now a shareholder . "  Evolution can be more responsive versions of existing instruments " , says Jean-Baptiste Thibaut , ROLI innovation manager and hackspace organizer . "  Digital music offers so much range and possibility but misses the familiarity of physical objects in your hand . Your body has so much expressive ability , so I think the future is combining the two . " This mode for innovation has been popular . The semi-finalists in Georgia Tech 's prestigious musical instrument competition ' included Chet Udell 's augmented Trombone , complete with amplification and wireless sensors , and the eCorder that gives the woodwind staple a range of effects and data capture . Digital analogue A contrasting approach has been to make computers behave like traditional instruments , as pioneered by UK band Hugs Bison . The musicians play heavily customized iPads , using touch screen interfaces , wireless sensing and a range of apps such as virtual instrument platform ` ThumbJam ' to give performances along with the sound . "  I play very differently when there is touch " , says band member Shaun Blezard , comparing with his background in electronic music production . "  It feels like a real instrument rather than technology . You 're more physically involved , you can bend and distort notes , and affect the sound more . " Blezard believes it 's a method accessible to any beginner "  if they have a good ear " , and sees potential for large-scale , networked collaborations . Hobbyists have already shown the potential with a reworking of the "  Dr. Who " theme , while the Göteborg Symphony Orchestra have delivered a symphony on iPhones . Emerging instruments can be even more available and adaptable than our smartphones . The ` Ototo ' from London start-up Dentaku is a pocket-sized synthesizer that can turn any everyday object - from vegetables to furniture - into an instrument if the two are connected with simple cables . The user can then compose using the synthesizer 's inputs and the object 's own conductive properties  see video below . If reading on mobile , click here  . Noisy shirt A similar system has been adapted to create wearable instruments , as with the percussion jackets worn by America 's Got Talent participant William Close , and even edible instruments , through ice-cream activated by the player 's tongue . Analysts see a collective spirit as a common thread running through innovation in hacked instruments . "  It 's partly about using technology to make people interact " , says Nick Sherrard , head of development , digital and communications at Sound and Music , the UK agency for new music . "  Anyone can play but typically it needs to be with others . " Sherrard believes such home-made instruments could have a broad appeal beyond the maker niche and be widely taken up by children , although as an accompaniment rather than a replacement for traditional instruments . "  Musicians that do one would do the other . " The analyst is most excited about "  music generated by interaction with living things " , and some epic projects have illustrated the potential of using the environment as an instrument . "  Living Symphonies " is the result of two artists laboriously mapping a British forest over two years and creating a musical motif for each organism , a database which is then installed at the site so that the forest effectively plays - and interacts with - its own symphony . In 2013 , MIT composer Tod Machover used thousands of crowd-sourced sound elements from the city of Edinburgh , drawing on everything from elevator conversation to overhead planes , to create a soundscape for the city 's festival . The richness of audio data available from the environment also offers spectacular performance possibilities , to give the audience immersive , multi-sensory experiences . The classical virtuosos are not endangered yet , but regular concerts and instruments could begin to seem outdated before long . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Forget wearable tech , embeddable implants are already here Feeling glum , happy , aroused ? New technology can detect your mood Forget text messaging , the ` oPhone ' lets you send smells	Music Hackspace designs , builds and re-purposes instruments There are over 1,000 workshops all over the world that ` hack ' instruments Start-up Dentaku can turn any object - from vegetables to furniture - into an instrument Edible instruments have been created , using ice-cream activated by the player 's tongue
Deep inside Jwaneng , the world 's richest diamond mine in southern Botswana , Tshepo Kgomokhumo drives his massive truck through piles of rocks forming a lunar-like landscape . His job is to ferry away ton after ton of unwanted rocks while a small army of bulldozers near him tears into the earth 's crust in search of the precious stones . "  I 'm a soldier for my country , " Kgomokhumo says . For him , as well as many others in this small , arid country , diamonds are a source of both income and pride . The economy of Botswana , a landlocked country in southern Africa , has been transformed by diamonds . Since their discovery in late 1960s , the development of the country has been built on the gems buried deep in its soil . In 1969 , the Botswana government signed a 50/50 deal with global diamond giant De Beers to explore and mine all of the country 's diamonds . The partnership , called ` Debswana , ' has helped turn Botswana into one of Africa 's most prosperous countries , boasting today a robust economy and one of the highest per capita incomes on the continent . The state mines the country 's riches as an owner , getting a share of the profit in addition to just collecting taxes and royalties like many other mineral-rich African governments . This unique arrangement has allowed Botswana to make significant investments in education and health care , officials say . "  Since we partnered with De Beers , we have a lot to show from any community development standpoint , " says Bank of Botswana governor Linah Mohohlo . She notes that this model can be emulated in other parts of the continent . "  If you were to replicate what we do in Botswana in other African countries , I have no doubt in my mind that there could be meaningful gains . " Watch : Inside Zimbabwe 's diamond industry And now , Botswana 's diamond industry looks set to get a further boost after De Beers announced last year its decision to shift its rough diamond trading operation from London to Gaborone , the Botswana capital . The company says it expects the move to bring an extra $ 6 billion of diamond sales into the country . A new head office is also under construction while 80 staff members will be relocated from Europe to Africa . Watch : High-tech scanning machines safeguard diamonds Kago Mmopi , of the Diamond Trading Corporation , says the sales agreement will set up Botswana as one of the world 's key diamond centers . "  These diamonds are basically your top-of-the-range kind of diamonds , " he says . "  These are gem diamonds , they will certainly go for jewelry . " Read more : Botswana 's fearless legal eagle fights male bias Those close to the deal say the impact of the De Beers move will be felt in many other ways too . Some international banks , which finance the diamond industry , have applied for banking licenses , says the government . Mohohlo notes that that extra $ 6 billion flowing through the country 's banking system is the "  most significant " offshoot of the deal . "  I was engaged in those negotiations and they were hard , long and daunting , " she says . "  When you have partners , you ca n't always agree . But it is important that ultimately we agreed on what we believe serves both interests . " Officials also hope that more people in the country will now be trained and employed in the diamond industry -- ` Debswana ' is already Botswana 's biggest private employer . It is also expected that a growing number of companies will seek to set up shop in the country to have direct access to its rough gems . Yet , authorities are quick to point out that the country can not rely solely on the precious stones , especially as diamond sales have been hard-hit in recent times amid the financial crisis . Read more : Botswana 's heavy metal heads "  That is obviously a worrying phenomenon , " says says Ponatshego Kedikilwe , the country 's minerals minister . "  The dependence on diamonds only has been given us sleepless nights , whether it 's in terms of revenue , foreign exchange or taxes and the budget . " Mohohlo adds that the government is aware that diamonds are exhaustible and non-renewable . "  Therefore we have to continue to ensure that the benefits deriving from them are there for everybody to see , " she says . For now , though , Botswana 's economic future is linked to the precious stones still buried in the soil . The diamonds allure is enduring as people still consume them faster than they are being mined . And a growing gap between supply and demand will , for now , keep prices high .	De Beers is moving its rough diamond trading operation to Botswana The move is expected to boost the country 's booming diamond industry Diamonds have helped turn Botswana into one of Africa 's most prosperous countries Officials say they are aware that diamonds are exhaustible
CNN  -- A U.S. sailor who died last week of medical complications was the 3,000 th death among coalition forces in the Afghanistan war , according to CNN 's count based on information provided by the U.S. Defense Department and the International Security Assistance Force . Petty Officer 1st Class Ryan J. Wilson , 26 , of Shasta , California , died May 20 in Manama , Bahrain , the Defense Department reported in an e-mail Friday . Wilson , assigned to U.S. Naval Forces Central Command in Bahrain , was supporting the Afghanistan mission , the e-mail said . Home and Away : Casualties in Afghanistan , Iraq He was the 1,974 th U.S. death in the war that started October 7 , 2001 , and the 3,000 th overall death from the U.S.-led international coalition engaged in Operation Enduring Freedom . The coalition includes 50 countries . Britain has the second-largest number of dead from the mission at 414 , according to the CNN figures . Allen : U.S. troop drawdown to begin ` very shortly ' 120 girls poisoned at Afghan school CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this report .	The coalition death toll in Operation Enduring Freedom includes 1,974 Americans The war started in October 2001 after the 9/11 terrorist attacks in the United States A total of 50 countries make up the U.S.-led coalition in Afghanistan
Barack Obama and Benjamin Netanyahu have n't liked each other for years -- they just are n't bothering to hide it anymore . Long time observers of the U.S.-Israeli relationship struggle to remember when the personal chemistry between the leaders of the two countries was so bad . Even the Israeli prime minister has compared their relationship to that of a bickering "  old couple . " The latest example of their dysfunctional marriage emerged Tuesday when a senior Obama administration official was quoted calling the Israeli leader a "  chickens ** t " who does n't match war talk with action . The unnamed official , speaking to Atlantic journalist Jeffrey Goldberg , was only saying in public what key Obama aides have been muttering privately for years . "  You have a dysfunctional relationship between Netanyahu and Obama , " said Aaron David Miller , a former US Middle East peace negotiator . A senior official with a prominent pro-Israel policy organization in Washington said : "  These guys do n't like each other , they do n't pretend to like each other . " Netanyahu offered a pointed response to the Goldberg article , saying he 's "  not prepared to make concessions that endanger our state . " The relationship is troubled on multiple fronts . Goldberg also reported that the Israeli leader had "  written off " the White House , an insult to an administration that still has two years in office . And tensions flared last week when the White House denied Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon meetings with Vice President Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry . The administration tried to contain the fallout from Goldberg 's story on Wednesday . Alistair Baskey , a spokesperson for the National Security Council , said Obama and Netanyahu have "  forged an effective partnership , and consult closely and frequently . " Still , irritants have long tested the alliance between Washington and the Jewish state -- over peace talks , wars in Lebanon and Gaza , settlements and Israeli military action in places like Iraq and Syria . But the dislike between Netanyahu and Obama is particularly acute -- and personal . Goldberg lists a stunning string of insults he has heard officials fire off at Netanyahu over the years , including "  recalcitrant , myopic , reactionary , obtuse , blustering , pompous and ` Aspergery . ' " OPINION : U.S.-Israel quarrel does n't point to a divorce The Netanyahu-Obama relationship has played out in a series of awkward photo-ops , anonymous quotes in US and Israeli media and tense body language . White House officials were apoplectic in 2011 when Netanyahu lectured Obama in the Oval Office about the history of peace talks and warned him not to fall prey to "  illusions . " The same year , Obama was caught on an open mic , telling then-French president Nicolas Sarkozy : "  You 're fed up with him ? I have to deal with him every day . " The White House , for all its official praise for the "  unshakeable bonds " between the U.S. and Israel , blames what it sees as Netanyahu 's intransigence over Jewish settlement policy and his playing to a domestic political gallery for the collapse of John Kerry 's peace drive with the Palestinians . Key officials fumed at Netanyahu 's open backing for Republican Mitt Romney during Obama 's re-election campaign and over what they see as interference in American politics through his strong ties to hawks in Congress . But the roots of the animosity lie deeper -- in sharply differing perceptions of the threat posed by Iran -- an issue coming to a head with a deadline looming for a deal between Tehran and world powers next month . For Obama , the Iranian nuclear challenge is another crisis to be managed , and a test case of his doctrine that the United States should be prepared to talk to its enemies . But people familiar with Netanyahu 's worldview say he believes history has handed him the role of delivering the Jewish state from an existential threat posed by Tehran 's nuclear ambitions . Israel worries that the agreement that emerges will leave Iran as a nuclear "  threshold state " with the materials and expertise to quickly break out and build a nuclear weapon . "  I fervently hope that under your leadership that will not happen , " Netanyahu told Obama in a White House photo-op this month . The Obama administration says the kind of ` perfect ' deal envisioned by Israel , which would strip Iran of centrifuges and nuclear infrastructure is not realistic , and says its goal is to ensure that Tehran does not have a nuclear bomb . The disagreement is likely to provoke a new political showdown over Iran in Congress , where a bipartisan coalition is mulling a number of steps including further sanctions which the White House warns could scupper a deal and lead to war . While the relationship between Obama and Netanyahu deteriorates , it does not so far appear to be harming the fundamental relationship between their two nations . That has not always been the case in the past . In 1981 , the Reagan administration instructed U.N. ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick to back a resolution criticizing Israel for an air attack on an Iraqi nuclear reactor . Relations became so frayed between President George H.W. Bush and the administration of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir that his secretary of state , James Baker , told lawmakers that if Israel wanted to talk peace , it should call the White House switchboard . Personal relations may be fraught now with Netanyahu , but Obama has never suggested watering down or delaying mostly military U.S. aid to Israel which amounts to $ 3 billion a year . Indeed , the Obama administration asked Congress for hundreds of millions of dollars in funding for the Iron Dome anti-missile system which shielded Israel from Hamas rockets during the latest Gaza war this summer . Senior officials from both sides also say privately that the security relationship between the allies has never been better . Miller said that Obama 's spats with Netanyahu will cause hurt feelings . "  But what do they amount to ? It is confined and contained to a soap opera-like exchange that never leads to anything of consequence , " he said . What this latest soap opera may amount to for the White House is an unwelcome new political row with Congress over its Israel policy -- just as it is gearing up for a fight over Iran . "  When the president discusses Israel and Iran , it is sometimes hard to tell who he thinks is America 's friend and who he thinks is America 's enemy , " House Speaker John Boehner said Wednesday . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said it was a bit rich to get a lecture by Boehner on "  salty language . " He insisted that the remarks by the official about Netanyahu did not represent the view of the administration but pledged to continue to air differences with Israel on "  illegitimate " building . That will all but ensure another bitter spat with Netanyahu soon .	The relationship between the U.S. and Israel is hitting new lows An Obama administration official was quoted as calling Israeli PM "  chickens -- t "
CNN  -- If there were any doubts about the West 's commitment to Ukraine , you can dispel them now after the European Union put forward a package of $ 15 billion , matching the sum initially offered by Moscow before Viktor Yanukovych was pushed out of power . The current tally is now $ 16 billion after a $ 1 billion commitment announced by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry during his visit to Kiev Tuesday . Ukrainian leaders have said they will be $ 30 billion in the hole by the end of 2015 . About half of that debt comes due in 2014 and the country reportedly has about three months of cash reserves . Without the support from the European Union , voters would have gone to the polls in "  crisis mode " with the state nearly out of cash . The move by the EU is also significant because it will also likely lead to funding from regional lenders : the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development  EBRD  and the European Investment Bank  EIB  , both of which have deep pockets . International Monetary Fund officials are on the ground in Ukraine assessing the economic situation . Lending may prove to be more difficult in this period of transition . Shareholders in the fund , 188 member states , usually hesitate to provide money when temporary leadership is in place . It is complicated by Russian President Vladimir Putin holding the position that Yanukovych was forced out of office . Behind the scenes , commitments must also be coming from the Ukrainians to start cleaning up corruption , something that was flagged as essential by Kerry and during interviews I conducted this week . But IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde on Tuesday expressed some willingness to proceed as her team was landing in Kiev , saying in a statement "  we are ready to respond , " and adding , "  we are also discussing with all our international partners -- bilateral and multilateral -- how best to help Ukraine at this critical moment in its history . " This is very different from the tone taken with Egypt after the ouster of Hosni Mubarak and the subsequent two years of turmoil . The $ 5 billion initially on the table from the IMF never materialized due to differences on how best to proceed with reforms . A crisis was avoided when Arab Gulf states filled the void with $ 15 billion instead . The stakes , some would say , are higher due to the Cold War history surrounding Ukraine . The next stage of the high stakes diplomacy surrounds whether G7 countries proceed with economic sanctions or not . While at a global financial forum here in Abu Dhabi , former European Central Bank President Jean Claude Trichet told me , "  economic sanctions would be appropriate of course if there is no deal " between the U.S. and Russia . Former U.S. Secretary of State James Baker took a similar position suggesting that the G7 countries , led by Washington , are marking their support for Ukraine . "  They 've sent the right signal so far which is saying ` hey wait a minute this is not acceptable ; we do n't like this and there is going to be some cost to it , " Baker said . Read more : Key players in crisis in Ukraine Complete coverage : Crisis in Ukraine	There is now no doubt about the West 's commitment to Ukraine , writes John Defterios The West has pledged $ 16B , while Ukraine leaders have said they 're facing a $ 30B hole The latest move is significant because it could lead to support from other lenders The next step is to figure if the G7 will proceed with economic sanctions or not
CNN  -- With its winding canals and large public parks sitting alongside a busy port and bustling business district , Hamburg is a city that contradicts itself . But by combining its industrial strength with a commitment to reduce its impact on the environment , Germany 's second-largest city is becoming a model for major metropolises around the world . It 's already lowered its carbon emissions by 15 % since 1990 , thanks largely to its efficient public transit system , and it 's set a target of reducing its emissions by 40 % by 2020 and 80 % by 2050 . Hamburg 's eco-friendly credentials are n't immediately obvious to those visiting the city located on the River Elbe . "  It 's embedded in their culture , " says Anna Shepard from Green Traveller , a website that specializes in helping travelers plan vacations that keep carbon emissions to a minimum . As 2011 European Green Capital , the city is showcasing a number of its initiatives and programs -- yet one more reason for environmentally-minded travelers to visit . WHAT TO SEE & DO To get the best sense of what the city has to offer , head to the waterways . Alster Lake , located in the city center , is a hub for activities . One of the best ways to truly appreciate it is on a rented canoe or peddle boat . Taking a public ferry is a great way to cruise the River Elbe , says Kim Sawford of Sandemans New Europe Tours , a service which connects travelers with local guides in more than a dozen cities in Europe , including Hamburg . "  They come every 15 minutes and take you alongside the harbor , the artificial beaches , stopping off at some little fishing villages just outside the city . It 's the best way to see the waterway . " Hamburg boasts an abundant amount of green space . More than 16 % of the urban area consists of forest , recreation and green spaces . Stroll around Stadtpark , one of the city 's largest parks which hosts open-air concerts during the summer . The city is littered with beautiful old buildings such as the Town Hall , however for a glimpse at Hamburg 's future , head to the waterside district of HafenCity . Still under development , the ambitious urban project is being designed as a model for counteracting sprawl and promoting sustainable living . GETTING AROUND It 's easy to explore the city center on foot , and Hamburg 's public transport system is renowned for being easy to use and accessible , even for the foreign traveler . But if you want to have more freedom when exploring the city , hop on a bike from the city 's StradtRAD network . "  I always recommend using it , it 's the best way to see everything and with dedicated bike lanes , you feel very safe , " says Sawford . Bike stations are located throughout Hamburg and can be rented by registering a credit card . WHERE TO EAT In a city where being green is simply a way of life for residents , several cafes and restaurants pride themselves on using local produce . And unlike other major cities , eating with an environmentally-friendly approach wo n't cost you the earth . Locals often head to the Sternschanze district , an alternative area known for its graffiti and street art , to grab a coffee and meet friends . Ottensen is full of young professionals enjoying some down time . When the weather is good , the streets are filled with tourists and residents dining al fresco . Shepard recommends Café LilliSu , for what she says is the best organic coffee and cake in town . Mutterland is known for its German specialties . The deli and café bases its delights on traditional dishes . It offers organic bakery goods and regional cheeses and meats , along with homemade soups and salads . WHERE TO STAY Outside the city center is The Okotel , a stylish hotel built using environmentally safe products . Windows are triple glazed , ventilation is controlled and even the floors are made from untreated wood . The classical Hotel Atlantic is a favorite for visitors who want the convenience of having the city at their door step . "  It 's very glamorous and old-fashioned , " says Shepard . The hotel prides itself on using eco-friendly cleaning products . "  We buy them in large sizes and refill them ourselves to avoid additional packaging , " says the hotel 's Jannika Eibach . The chef focuses on local products to fill his menu , avoiding unnecessarily long food miles , and employees are offered financial incentives to use public transport .	Hamburg boasts the title of 2011 European Green Capital Head to the waterways to get a true sense of the city HafenCity is an ambitious project designed to contain urban sprawl Several cafes and restaurants pride themselves on using local produce
Mashable  -- Oprah Winfrey is coming to Facebook next week . On September 8 , the TV star will be the one answering questions rather than asking them , appearing on a one-hour Facebook Live streaming video interview at 4:30 p.m. ET . To see the live webcast , go to Facebook Live on September 8 and Oprah will answer questions shared by visitors to the Facebook Live event wall . Fans are invited to share their questions now , with the promise that "  you might hear Oprah answer your question during the live show . " Oprah is no stranger to Facebook . Her official Oprah Winfrey page is liked by more than 6.2 million fans . She 's also hip to the iPad-based magazine app Flipboard , where there is an official "  Oprah " section . Oprah has a burgeoning Twitter account as well , where she has 7.2 million followers . That number is dwarfed by the throngs of devotees the woman enjoys elsewhere . For instance , soon after she joined Twitter and featured it on her TV show in 2009 , Twitter traffic was boosted by an astonishing 24 % compared to day before the segment aired . Now that 's clout . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Oprah Winfrey will be on for one hour on September 8 at 4:30 p.m. ET Oprah will answer questions shared by visitors to the Facebook Live event wall TV star 's official Facebook page is liked by more than 6.2 million fans
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The death of actress Natasha Richardson , who sustained a fatal head injury while skiing , has reignited the perennial debate around the safety of the sport . Head injuries are the most common cause of death among skiers The 45 year-old died Wednesday , two days after falling on a beginners slope while having a private lesson at Canada 's Mont Tremblant resort . While full details of the circumstances surrounding Richardson 's death are not yet known , head injuries are the most common cause of fatalities among skiers worldwide . "  A typical death is a high speed collision with a static object after losing control -- a tree or a person , " Dr Mike Langran a GP who works in Aviemore , Scotland and runs Ski-injury . com told CNN . "  Most ski deaths involve multi-trauma , but a head injury is by far the most common reason . "  There might be injuries to the abdomen or the chest or the neck but there nearly always is a head trauma as well . " However , Langran , along with many other industry experts , maintains that skiing is a relatively safe sport . "  I do n't regard skiing and snowboarding as a dangerous sport , " he said . "  It 's like many activities in life -- there are people who do silly things but in general these sports are safe . " There are an estimated 200 million skiers in the world , and in the U.S.  one of the few countries to keep reliable data on skiers and ski injuries  an estimated 55 million people ski . Each year there are 39 deaths , which equates to about 2 deaths per million skiers . While children and beginners are most at risk of being injured while skiing , it 's those more experienced on the slopes who are most likely to be involved in a fatal accident . "  When you look at fatalities it does tend to be younger males and often of better skiing ability who are maybe pushing limits a little bit harder , traveling a little bit faster , " Langran said . In Austria , earlier this year a huge debate over the safety of skiing was sparked by a high-profile incident on the slopes , which involved a German politician . Deiter Althaus , minister-president of Thuringia state was charged with manslaughter after colliding with another skier , Beata Christandl , a 41 year-old Slovakian mother of four , who later died from multiple head injuries . He was accused by Austrian prosecutors of entering onto a slope against the direction of traffic while skiing at high speed . Althaus was left with a fractured skull and has no recollection of the accident . Althaus ' accident may be typical of the kind that cause deaths in skiers but , The Austria Ski Federation says Althaus ' case is very unusual . Each year , an estimated 10 million people ski in Austria 's resorts and there are between 10 and 50 deaths during this time , according to Thomas Woldrich , Head of Leisure Skiing at the federation . "  There 's a minimal risk to get hurt when skiing , " Woldrich told CNN . "  When you 're skiing approximately 14 days a year , the risk of having an injury is one in 55 years . " Even so , a law was recently passed in Austria making it compulsory for children to wear helmets on Austrian ski slopes . "  We do have an extraordinary trend towards wearing helmets , " said Woldrich . "  We have , especially among children , almost 100 percent of skiers wearing helmets on Austrian ski slopes . " Whether or not skiers should be forced by law to wear helmets is a debate that continues energetically in many countries . The big question is do they make skiers safer . Langran says that while there is evidence to suggest that helmets will provide a moderate degree of protection for low speed impacts , there is no evidence for high speed collisions . "  As far as I 'm aware there is no evidence that for high speed impacts -- you 're talking about 30 mph plus impacts , which sounds a lot but that 's the average speed of a good intermediate skier on the slopes -- there 's no evidence that if you hit a tree at that kind of speed a helmet will protect you against a fatality . " Indeed , there is evidence that wearing a helmet can give some skiers a feeling of invincibility , which can make them ski faster and more recklessly . So , what can skiers do to make themselves safer ? It 's all about knowing the risks and making informed choices , according to Sean Langmuir , a trained ski instructor who has coached both the Canadian National Ski Team and the British National Ski Team . "  People need to be better informed but they need to seek out that information for themselves , " said Langmuir who is also Training Manager for British Association of Snowsport Instructors  BASI  . "  A lot of people go on ski holidays and they ca n't ski very well and they wo n't go for a lesson immediately . It can help so much to get all that basic information . " It is also important to have properly fitting equipment , according to Langmuir . "  It 's not just a helmet , it can be the skis or the snowboard that you use can make a big difference to how you manage to control yourself . It 's quite important to gain information from professionals before you go out about what equipment you will need . " Skiers can also refer to the the International Ski Federation  FIS  Rules of Conduct as a guide for safety on the slopes . "  The single most important piece of advice is to ski or snowboard within limits of your ability , " Langran told CNN . "  Do n't go faster than you are able to and do n't try slopes you should n't . " FIS Rules of Conduct 1 . Respect for others A skier or snowboarder must behave in such a way that does not endanger or prejudice others . 2 . Control of speed and skiing or snowboarding A skier or snowboarder must move in control -- adapt speed and manner of skiing or snowboarding to personal ability and to the prevailing conditions of terrain , snow and weather as well as to the density of traffic . 3 . Choice of route A skier or snowboarder coming from behind must choose a route in such a way to not endanger skiers or snowboarders ahead . 4 . Overtaking A skier or snowboarder may overtake another skier or snowboarder above or below and to the right or to the left provided enough space is available for the overtaken skier or snowboarder to make any voluntary or involuntary movement . 5 . Entering , starting and moving upwards A skier or snowboarder entering a marked run , starting again after stopping or moving upwards on the slopes must look up and down the slopes to ensure no one is put at risk . 6 . Stopping on the piste Unless absolutely necessary , a skier or snowboarder must avoid stopping on the piste in narrow places or where visibility is restricted . After a fall in such a place , a skier or snowboarder must move clear of the piste as soon as possible . 7 . Climbing and descending on foot A skier or snowboarder either climbing or descending on foot must keep to the side of the piste . 8 . Respect for signs and markings A skier or snowboarder must respect all signs and markings . 9 . Assistance At accidents , every skier or snowboarder is duty bound to assist . 10 . Identification Every skier or snowboarder and witness , whether a responsible party or not , must exchange names and addresses following an accident . Additional reporting by Hilary Whiteman	The death of Natasha Richardson on the slopes has reignited skiing safety debate Head injuries are the most common cause of deaths among skiers Industry experts maintain that skiing is a relatively safe sport Awareness , good training and well-fitted equipment can help keep skiers safer
CNN  -- I was in the security line at an airport a few months ago when I watched a fellow passenger do something I 'd never seen done before : He dissed the scan . "  I 'd like to opt out , " he said , as a security agent went scurrying for a male agent to give this man a full-body pat-down , the requirement for anyone who refuses to go through the full-body scanner . Wow , I thought , this man really must want to avoid the scanner if he 's willing to get groped by a total stranger . The Transportation Security Administration says the so-called backscatter scans , which emit a small amount of radiation , are safe . "  Multiple independent studies have confirmed that the technology used to protect passengers when they fly is safe for their health , " says TSA spokesman Nicholas Kimball . "  TSA takes many precautions to regularly verify that all machines are operating properly . " Another type of airport scanner uses "  millimeter wave " technology , which uses electromagnetic waves and has not raised the same level of public concerns as the backscatter scans . So why all the worry ? In my obnoxious journalist way , I pounced on the guy to ask him why he 'd done it . "  I 'm a doctor at M.D. Anderson , and I do n't want radiation if I can avoid it , " he said . I was next in line . I 'd just watched a doctor at M.D. Anderson , a top cancer hospital , opt out because he wanted to avoid radiation . Does that mean I should , too ? I had a second to make a decision . I decided to opt out , too . The pat-down , I learned , is not such an easy option . First , you have to make a bit of a spectacle of yourself by publicly asking for something different . Secondly , it takes time  not a lot , but enough to be a problem if you 're running late  and thirdly , I ended up being touched in places previously reserved for my husband and my gynecologist . I began to wonder if the doctor was being a little paranoid . Was the radiation so dangerous that it was worth the hassle and embarrassment ? To get a little perspective , when I returned home I randomly asked doctors I respect what they do in the security line . It was a completely unscientific sampling , but it yielded this interesting result : All these doctors are smart people with access to the same scientific data , and yet made very different choices . Doctors who say "  yes " to the scanners I started , of course , with my colleague Dr. Sanjay Gupta , a neurosurgeon , who told me he has n't opted out thus far . Many other doctors feel the same way . "  I go through them , " said Dr. Greg Zorman , chief of neurosurgery at Memorial Healthcare System in Florida . "  The amount of radiation you get is n't worth worrying about . " Dr. Drew Pinsky , an internist and host of a new show on HLN that makes its debut on April 4 , called the amount of radiation "  inconsequential . " The radiation you get from a backscatter imaging machine used at many airports is the same amount of radiation you get from sitting on an airplane for two minutes , according to research released this week by the University of California San Francisco . The researchers calculated for every 100 million passengers who fly seven one-way flights a year , six of them could get cancer as a result of the radiation exposure from the full-body scans . The California researchers made these calculations based on information from the manufacturers . Some researchers question whether the manufacturers ' measurements are valid . David Brenner , director of the Center for Radiological Research at Columbia University , says he thinks the exposure to radiation is actually 10 times more than what the manufacturers claim . Even so , Brenner  who 's a physicist , not a medical doctor  still goes through the scanners at airports because even by his calculations the amount of radiation is still small . Doctors who say "  no " to the scanners Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society , takes a pat-down instead of going through a scanner when he travels . He says he 's concerned about whether the machines are calibrated and inspected properly . "  USA Today did a piece on how badly TSA maintained their X-ray equipment for carryon bags , and this gave me little confidence , " he wrote to me in an e-mail . Brawley 's deputy concurs . "  I do whatever I can to avoid the scanner , " Dr. Len Lichtenfeld wrote to me in an e-mail . He says as a frequent flier , he 's concerned about the cumulative effect of the radiation . "  This is a total body scan -- not a dental or chest X-ray , " he wrote to me . "  Total body radiation is not something I find very comforting based on my medical knowledge . " Lichtenfeld says it does n't necessarily give him great comfort that the TSA says the scans are safe . "  I can still remember getting my feet radiated as a child when I went to the shoe store and they had a machine which could see how my foot fit in the new shoes , " he says . "  We were told then that they were safe , and they were not . " At first I thought Lichtenfeld was making this up , but you can actually see one of these foot scanners at the Museum of Questionable Medical Devices at the Science Museum of Minnesota . Another doctor who opts for the pat-down is Dr. Dong Kim , Rep. Gabrielle Giffords ' neurosurgeon . "  There is really no absolutely safe dose of radiation , " says Kim , chair of the department of neurosurgery at the University of Texas Medical School . "  Each exposure is additive , and there is no need to incur any extra radiation when there is an alternative . " This was echoed by several other physicians , including Dr. Andrew Weil . "  All radiation exposure adds to the cumulative total you 've received over your lifetime , " Weil wrote to me in an e-mail . "  Cancer risks correlate with that number , so no dose of radiation is too small to matter . " Doctors exposed to radiation at work are particularly sensitive to this issue , as I learned when I got through security that day in the airport and chased after the doctor who 'd opted out . I learned his name is Dr. Karl Bilimoria , and he 's a surgical oncology fellow at M.D. Anderson . He says this is a frequent topic of discussion among his colleagues . "  If we can avoid a little radiation in exchange for the two extra minutes needed for a pat-down , then we will , " he says .	Seeing doctor decline airport full-body scan sparked correspondent 's curiosity She asked other doctors randomly about whether they submit to "  backscatter " scans TSA says multiple studies have shown that scanners ' radiation levels are safe .
CNN  -- Although much attention is currently focused on the cases before the U.S. Supreme Court in which same-sex marriage advocates seek to change the definition of marriage , another longtime priority of their movement has been to add "  sexual orientation " and "  gender identity " as protected categories in federal civil rights laws , through the so-called "  Employment Non-Discrimination Act "  ENDA  . Here , "  gender identity " refers not to one 's biological sex , but to whether one feels male or female . One concern about ENDA is its impact on religious liberty . ENDA would effectively forbid employers to consider sexual conduct in evaluating the character of their employees or applicants . Although ENDA contains a limited "  religious exemption , " there remain serious questions as to whether any exemption would be adequate to meet the concerns of people with religious and moral scruples against homosexual conduct . However , focusing only on the religious exemption plays into the false assumption that religious or moral objections to homosexuality are the only reason why anyone objects to this law . What 's most significant about it may not be its impact on homosexual workers or religious employers , or the controversial insistence by LGBT activists that it cover transgender people as well . What really matters is the ratcheting up of federal government interference in the free market . Opinion : No one should be fired for being gay The basic claim of most of the advocates of ENDA is that discrimination is wrong if based on factors "  not relevant to job performance . " But again , the question is who decides what is "  relevant to job performance " -- the individual employer , or the government ? The strong presumption should be in favor of the employer . Of course , federal law already interferes with private employment decisions with regard to a few specific characteristics . The Civil Rights Act of 1964 bars discrimination based on "  race , color , national origin , sex , and religion . " The first four of these are included largely because they are inborn , involuntary and immutable . While sexual attractions may be involuntary , neither sexual conduct nor transgender behavior meets any of these criteria . ENDA would provide fertile new ground for employers to be hit by costly lawsuits as well , with disgruntled employees suing for "  discrimination " over a characteristic  in the case of sexual orientation  which is not even visible and of which the employer may have been unaware . In the case of public employers , such laws at the local and state level have led to large settlements being paid at taxpayers ' expense . Opinion : America is at a crossroads on gay rights Even secular employers have reason to worry about a possible increase in sexualization of the workplace . There is an inherent contradiction in the arguments of the advocates of ENDA , who contend that what they do in private has nothing to do with their work , but then also argue for the right to be "  out of the closet " while at work . The gender identity provisions , meanwhile , undermine the right of employers to impose reasonable dress and grooming standards , by forbidding employers to use the most fundamental standard of all -- that people be dressed and groomed in a way that is culturally appropriate for their biological sex . ENDA prepares the way for a form of reverse discrimination -- against anyone who expresses disapproval of homosexual behavior . The more open homosexuals become , the more people with traditional values will be forced to conceal their views . This can happen even if the employee 's views are expressed outside of work  as happened to Allstate 's Matt Barber , who was fired  , and when no reference is made to sexual orientation  as happened to the City of Oakland 's Good News Employee Association , which was forbidden to speak about "  family values "  . Opinion : Gay people live in 50 Americas Often , social conservatives are accused of trying to "  legislate morality . " Yet ENDA itself is fraught with moral significance . It would be an official government declaration that homosexual behavior is the equivalent of heterosexual behavior in every way , and that those who believe otherwise are "  bigots . " A majority of Americans reject this view .  A poll taken by Public Religion Research Institute in September 2012 showed that 52 % of Americans believe that "  sex between two adults of the same gender " is "  morally wrong , " and only 42 % say it is "  morally acceptable . " ENDA should be opposed by anyone who believes in freedom of speech , freedom of association , and a free market economy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Sprigg .	Peter Sprigg : Employment Non-Discrimination Act is fraught with moral and legal problems Sprigg : ENDA could provide fertile ground for employers to be hit by costly lawsuits He says it would allow reverse discrimination against those who disapprove homosexuality Sprigg : ENDA should be opposed by anyone who want a free market economy
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- No matter what daily newspaper you picked up in Pakistan on Thursday , the headline was on the fallout from the WikiLeaks cables . "  WikiLeaks throws tons of dirt , shame on Pak players , " read the front page of the English daily The News . The headline on Dawn news said : "  WikiLeaks bombs rock Islamabad . " Pakistani newspapers devoted much of their coverage to the leaked cables that revealed intense mistrust between Washington and Islamabad and deep rifts among Pakistan 's most powerful figures , whose statements behind closed doors did n't always match what they said in public . "  These intimate details reveal that relations between Pakistan and the US on the one hand and between top politicians of the country on the other hand are based on total hypocrisy and shamelessness and no one is sincere to any one , neither can anyone be trusted , whether speaking publicly or privately , " read a column in The News . A column in Dawn news said this : "  That the former top American diplomat in Pakistan thinks the US policy towards this country risks destabilizing ` the Pakistani state is , quite frankly , extraordinary . It goes to the heart of the tensions between the two countries , where Pakistan has , sometimes legitimately , though often unfairly , been labeled as a duplicitous and unreliable partner . " "  With such leadership , both political and military , Pakistan 's future is really bleak . Whom should we trust ? Who is free from the US influence ? Can we become a sovereign nation ? Can we take our own decisions ? Why do we have more faith in Washington than in God ? " read another column in The News . If Pakistanis ran out of columns to read about the leaked cables , there was plenty of television to watch . Coverage of the WikiLeaks dumps dominated Pakistan 's dozens of news channels where anchors unleashed sneers and jeers . "  What kind of a democratic government is this where all the decisions are made by either the US or the military ? " asked anchor Meher Bukhari on her show on Urdu language Samaa TV . On his show on GEO TV , Pakistan 's most well known TV anchor Hamid Mir said : "  Look at our military chief General Kayani . He seems to be the top politician in the country . " Azhar Abbas , the managing director of Karachi based GEO News , told CNN the leaked cables did n't reveal anything Pakistanis did n't know . It was the backroom details that made it good TV , he said . "  It 's a good , juicy story . Everyone loves conspiracy theories in Pakistan and they love to know what 's happening behind close doors . "	The News : "  Pakistan 's future is really bleak " One newsman says the cables have n't revealed anything new Anchor questions how democratic Pakistan really is
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Three of five Americans contractors detained in Baghdad have been ordered released by an Iraqi judge , because of insufficient evidence , a court spokesman said Thursday . In a CNN exclusive , video shows U.S. contractors taken into custody by Iraqi authorities . The other two other contractors remain in custody , according to Judge Abdul Sattar al-Beeraqdar , a spokesman for Iraq 's Higher Judicial Council . One of the men has been released on bond , the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad confirmed Thursday . The embassy did not identify the man , who was released Wednesday . However , a spokesman for his employer , Corporate Training Unlimited , said it was Donald Feeney . Judy Feeney , Donald 's wife , also confirmed his release . The contracting company said the release of the others has been delayed because of a procedural issue . Judy Feeney said her son , Donald Feeney III , and Mark Bridges were to be released Thursday morning , but it may take more time to release the other two , Jason Jones and Micah Milligan . But al-Beeraqdar said , without naming names , that two contractors were being held on charges involving "  illegal substances " found on the men when they were taken into custody . Those who have been released are not allowed to leave the country because of an ongoing investigation and the judge may want to question them again , according to al-Beeraqdar . Except for Jones , the detained contractors work for the Fayetteville , North Carolina-based CTU , a security firm headed by the elder Feeney . An Iraqi judge decided earlier on Wednesday that charges against the five contractors were not warranted and that they could be released , according to an Iraqi security source and a source close to the five . The sources requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case , in which the contractors have been detained since last week for reasons that remain unclear . The contractors initially had been told they were being held in connection with the May death of another contractor , James Kitterman , said the source close to the five . But on Monday , according to a judicial source , the men were told they were being held on suspicion of having unregistered weapons . Still , they were asked about their activities around the time Kitterman was killed , and Iraqi government officials told CNN Monday the five were detained as suspects in connection with Kitterman 's slaying . Kitterman was found bound , blindfolded and fatally stabbed in a car in Baghdad 's Green Zone on May 22 . The 60-year-old Houston , Texas , resident owned a construction company that operated in Iraq . The Green Zone is the high-security area in central Baghdad that contains the U.S. Embassy and key Iraqi government buildings . Access to the area , formally known as the International Zone , is tightly controlled . The five contractors were taken into custody on June 3 in a pre-dawn Green Zone raid by Iraqi and U.S. personnel , the security source told CNN on Sunday . During the raid , troops also confiscated weapons , the Iraqi security source said . Three of the contractors were suspected of being directly involved in Kitterman 's death , the Iraqi source said . A U.S. Embassy spokesman said the search was an Iraqi operation , but FBI representatives were present at the request of Iraqi authorities . The five were transferred to a prison within the Green Zone on Friday . "  After this murder inside the Green Zone , a joint investigation committee from U.S. and Iraq sides has been formed to investigate this incident , " Iraqi Interior Ministry spokesman Abdul Karim Khalaf told CNN , "  and this committee managed to collect a number of indications that those five are linked to this murder . " Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh also said the men were detained based on information linking them to the Kitterman slaying . Under Iraqi law , after a person is detained , an investigative judge questions the accused and assesses the evidence . The judge then decides whether there is sufficient evidence , and either refers the case to trial or dismisses it . The Iraqi source said the five had been held in a separate holding area and not with other Iraqi detainees , but spent time in a courtyard with other Iraqi detainees . A U.S. Embassy spokesman said consular officials had visited with them and "  they appeared well . " The source close to the suspects said Sunday that each of the five men insisted they had alibis that will clear them and they were eager to tell their stories to a judge . The Feeneys had known Kitterman for six years from their time in the Green Zone and "  respected him , " Corporate Training Unlimited spokeswoman Sarah Smith told CNN . CNN 's Alan Duke in Los Angeles and Jomana Karadsheh in Baghdad contributed to this report .	Judge orders three of five U.S. contractors held in Iraq to be freed Two others remain in custody on charges involving "  illegal substances " Contractor already released on bond ; wife , employer identify him as Donald Feeney Men detained in connection with slaying of another U.S. contractor , sources say
CNN  -- New Orleans police have arrested a 17-year-old in connection with the shooting of a Good Samaritan who died in front of his two sons while trying to stop a carjacking . Several tips from the community led to Tuesday 's arrest of Kendall Harrison , who is accused of shooting Harry "  Mike " Ainsworth , 44 . Ainsworth was with his two sons , ages 9 and 11 , as they waited for a morning school bus on January 25 . When he saw a man carjacking his neighbor , Ainsworth ran to help , jumping on the hood of the car , police said . Opinion : A father who gave his life for his neighbor The carjacker shot him through the windowshield , police said . Wounded , Ainsworth staggered into a neighbor 's yard where he collapsed . The boys ran to him and sat by his side until emergency responders arrived . It was too late . The two sons witnessed their father die . How to help Ainsworth 's family On Tuesday , police picked up Harrison at his school . Authorities linked him to the case through DNA testing and are charging him as an adult . Harry Ainsworth was a longtime volunteer with the New Orleans Police Department 's COPS 8 program , which provides assistance to the officers of the 8th District . "  The members of the 8th District station sincerely appreciated his efforts to fix up the station by painting and repairing various things in the building , " police Supt. Ronal Serpas said last month . "  He 'll be missed . " CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report	Police : Teen linked to the shooting through DNA evidence Harry "  Mike " Ainsworth was shot , trying to stop a carjacking His two sons were with him when he died
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- An underemployed Spanish matador is breaking tradition and carrying advertising on his capes in the bullring -- promoting a soft drink aimed at gays . Matador Joselito Ortega in an exhibition fight on Sept. 23 in the southern Spanish city of Malaga . While fighting bulls , matador Joselito Ortega will use capes embroidered with the words "  Gay Up , " the name of the energy drink . The move has many in the macho-steeped world of bullfighting seeing red . But Ortega , 29 , told CNN , "  I 'm glad to be the first person  in bullfighting  whom the gay community will take as an icon . " "  People think the bullfighter is very tough , very rude and they only like women , " Ortega added . "  But we are in 2009 . Everything must change . " Industry experts said it would be the first time advertising will appear on bullfighter 's capes -- the large one used when the bull rushes into the ring , and a smaller one used later as the matador moves in for the kill . In the 1980s , matador Luis Reina had a contract showing the brand name of Japanese electronics giant Akai on parts of his shiny "  suit of lights , " while fighting . "  But that lasted just one or two fights , " recalls Curro Vazquez , a former bullfighter who now manages one of Spain 's top-tier matadors , Cayetano Rivero Ordonez . Rivero Ordonez has declined offers to carry publicity on his bullfighter 's suit and capes while in the ring , Vazquez said , out of respect for "  the ritual of bullfighting . " "  The cape is a sacred thing , " said Vazquez , adding that it 's fine for premier bullfighters -- who are treated like rock stars -- to have lucrative endorsement deals for products , but only outside of the ring . This is the first endorsement deal of any kind for Ortega . He became a full matador in 2006 , facing the biggest bulls , but said he 's fought only six or seven fights since then . Yet a bullfighter in demand can have dozens of fights in just a single season . "  Ortega is a new bullfighter and he might see this as a way to get known , " Vazquez said . If so , it appears to be working . Ortega and his drinks company have been flooded with media queries since they made the announcement this week . Pedro Suarez , the CEO at Grupo Banus Pi , the firm that makes Gay Up and took over management of Ortega 's career just two weeks ago , said they plan to organize an exhibition fight for Ortega soon , and sell the TV rights exclusively . Gay Up is a non-alcoholic energy drink made in Spain , drawn from a formula originally from Colombia . Suarez said the company tried to sponsor a Spanish football  soccer  team but was turned down because of the Gay Up brand . Then they found Ortega , who says he 's not gay . He 's been gored six or seven times in his career , which started 13 years ago as a junior bullfighter . "  All sports teams have advertising on their uniforms , " Ortega said , insisting he 'd continue to fight bulls the same way , even with ads on his capes . Bull breeder Juan Pedro Domecq Morenes welcomed the change , saying it might help revive Spain 's billion-dollar bullfighting industry , which he said in recent years has seen a 45 percent decline in the number of fights , especially in smaller village bullrings . "  Only God is sacred , " said Domecq , who also publishes a bullfighting Web site . "  The rest of the traditions have to advance , modernize . "	Matador Joselito Ortega will use capes embroidered with the words "  Gay Up " "  Gay Up " is the name of a non-alcoholic energy drink in Spain Industry experts : First time advertising will appear on bullfighter 's capes Ortega , who says he 's not gay , has been gored six or seven times
Decatur , Georgia  CNN  -- A former Georgia sheriff 's deputy was found guilty Wednesday of murder in the shooting deaths of his wife and a day laborer . A Dekalb County jury deliberated for about 22 hours before convicting Derrick Yancey , 49 , of two counts of malice murder and two counts of possession of a firearm during the commission of a crime in the June 9 , 2008 , killings of Linda Yancey , 44 , and Marcial Cax-Puluc , 23 . Yancey was apprehended on Sept. 21 , 2009 , in Punta Gorda , Belize , where he had fled after escaping house arrest . Defense attorney Ruth McMullin said Yancey shot Cax-Puluc in self-defense after the Guatemalan day laborer shot his wife in a robbery attempt . However , over the course of four days of testimony from almost 40 expert witnesses , neighbors and family members , DeKalb County Prosecutor Don Geary convinced jurors that Yancey instead hatched a plan to shoot his wife in the basement of their Stone Mountain home and then implicate Cax-Puluc , whom he had picked up at a nearby gas station frequented by men looking for day work . Linda Yancey 's family listened with little visible reaction to the reading of the verdict . Yancey faces a possible life sentence when is semtenced , which is scheduled to take place over the next several weeks .	Derrick Yancey is convicted of murdering his wife and a day laborer The jury deliberated for 22 hours before rendering the verdict Prosecutor said Yancey shot his wife , then tried to pin it on a day laborer
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- An advisory panel is recommending a major step up in protection for health workers dealing with patients suspected or confirmed to have H1N1 influenza . One expert says that based on current knowledge , N95 respirators offer health workers the best protection . The Institute of Medicine said Thursday , in recommendations requested by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , that loose paper masks are inadequate because the workers could still breathe in the virus . Instead , health workers should switch to N95 respirators that form an airtight seal around the nose and mouth . If properly fitted and worn correctly , N95 respirators filter out at least 95 percent of particles as small as 0.3 micrometers , which is smaller than influenza viruses , the report notes . The institute provides independent , evidence-based advice to policymakers , health professionals , private entities and the public . It is one of four groups that make up the National Academies . The study released Thursday was requested by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration . "  Scientists do not know to what extent flu viruses spread through the air or whether infection requires physical contact with contaminated fluids or surfaces , " a summary of the report says . It calls for "  a boost in research to answer these questions and to design and develop better protective equipment that would enhance workers ' comfort , safety and ability to do their jobs . " "  Based on what we currently know about influenza , well-fitted N95 respirators offer health care workers the best protection against inhalation of viral particles , " said committee chairman Kenneth Shine , executive vice chancellor for health affairs at the University of Texas in Austin . He is a former president of the institute . "  But there is a lot we still do n't know about these viruses , and it would be a mistake for anyone to rely on respirators alone as some sort of magic shield . " Health care workers should use several strategies to guard against infection , such as innovative triage processes , washing hands , disinfecting , wearing gloves , getting vaccinated and using antiviral drugs , Shine said . The institute was asked specifically to evaluate personal protective equipment designed to guard against respiratory infection , and therefore the committee focused on the efficacy of medical masks and respirators .	Panel recommends health care workers wear N95 respirators for H1N1 patients N95 respirators form an airtight seal around the nose and mouth They filter out at least 95 percent of particles as small as 0.3 micrometers Report says it is not known to what extent flu viruses spread through the air
Los Angeles , CALIFORNIA  CNN  -- Whitney Houston swept into the room in full diva mode -- hair , makeup and entourage . She looked the part . Whitney Houston has credited mentor Clive Davis , right , for her comeback after a seven-year absence . She smiled and cooed over mentor Clive Davis , calling him "  Big Papa " and "  Daddy " while the music mogul patted her arm like a proud parent . The pair was in a side room at the Beverly Hilton Hotel just before the Los Angeles , California , listening session for "  I Look to You , " Houston 's first album in seven years , scheduled to be released Sept. 1 . "  I just took a break , which sometimes you have to , " said Houston , 45 , looking elegant in diamonds and a black Prada dress . "  You have to know when to slow that train down and kind of just sit back and relax for a minute . " Watch an interview with Whitney Houston " This was definitely the old Whitney -- pre-troubled marriage to Bobby Brown and pre-comment to Diane Sawyer that "  crack is wack . " Next door , several hundred industry folks , journalists and friends gathered in a ballroom surrounded by large screens emblazoned with the words , "  The Wait is Over . " Jane Fonda , Halle Berry , Magic Johnson , Penny Marshall and Jackie Collins sat in the front while Barry Manilow , Brian McKnight and producer David Foster found seats in the back of the room . Davis , who has steered Houston 's career for more than 25 years , introduced each of the album tracks , mostly slick , upbeat , radio-friendly tunes penned by proven hit makers such as R. Kelly , Alicia Keys , Akon and Johnta Austin . Heads bobbed while the songs thumped over the loudspeakers , with applause and cheers erupting after each cut . To the amusement of those seated in the audience , even Davis shook his shoulders behind his podium and pumped his fist to the beat from time-to-time . A ballad on the new disc , "  I Did n't Know My Own Strength , " alludes to Houston 's personal troubles in recent years . The song , written especially for Houston by Diane Warren , includes the lyrics : I did n't know my own strength And I crashed down and I tumbled But I did not crumble . Houston deftly steered the focus away from herself , saying she identified with the lyrics because everyone has been through ups and downs in life . At the end of the session , Houston stepped from the wings to a standing ovation . "  I 'm humbled , " she said , her hand on her heart . "  There 's so much love in the room . " Then she joked , "  Jane Fonda 's at my listening party ? How cool am I ? " AEG chairman and CEO Randy Phillips also was hanging around , no doubt ready to pounce on a chance to promote her next tour . "  I think it 's the biggest hit she 's had , " Barry Manilow said . "  It was really , really good , " Stevie Wonder said . "  God takes care of his children . "	Whitney Houston held L.A. listening party for first album in seven years Jane Fonda , Barry Manilow and Halle Berry were among the stars in attendance The nine-track album contains songs written by R. Kelly , Alicia Keys and Akon Stevie Wonder said the album was "  really , really good . "
Washington  CNN  -- Former federal judge and conservative legal scholar Robert Bork died early Wednesday at his Virginia home , his family confirmed to CNN . He was 85 . Perhaps best known for his nomination to the Supreme Court by President Ronald Reagan in 1987 , Bork was rejected for the post after a contentious confirmation battle led by left-leaning groups that opposed his conservative judicial philosophies . Bork had recently served as a senior legal adviser to Republican Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign . He was a solicitor general during the Nixon administration and first gained notoriety for carrying out the president 's order to fire the special prosecutor investigating the Watergate scandal in 1973 , an episode known as the Saturday Night Massacre . But it was the Senate 's rejection of his high court nomination that earned the conservative Bork a political legacy -- symbolic of the contentious , partisan nature of congressional confirmations . Bork was also known as a staunch advocate for "  originalism , " a principle that defends the original intent of the Constitution . In recent years , Bork became a well-regarded conservative voice on legal and constitutional matters , as well as the author of several books including "  Slouching Toward Gomorrah : Modern Liberalism and American Decline . " He was also a frequent commentator . He told CNN in 2005 that he had to endure his failed nomination as a metaphor . To "  Bork " someone has entered the popular lexicon as attacking a public figure in the media for partisan gain . "  My name became a verb , " he said . "  And I regard that as one form of immortality . " Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , a longtime friend , described Bork as "  one of the most influential legal scholars of the past 50 years . " "  His impact on legal thinking in the fields of Antitrust and Constitutional Law was profound and lasting , " said Scalia . "  More important for the final accounting , he was a good man and a loyal citizen . May he rest in peace . " Photos : 15 Supreme Court cases that changed America Scalia and fellow conservative Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas followed Bork 's example of a strict interpretation of the Constitution . That position made Bork "  one of the intellectual godfathers of the conservative movement in this country , " according to CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . Robert Heron Bork was born in Pittsburgh in 1927 and attended the University of Chicago Law School , where his conservative leanings were forged . He was a Marine Corps veteran . After private practice and a teaching stint at Yale Law School , he was named to the Justice Department in 1973 at the height of the Watergate crisis . When Attorney General Elliot Richardson and his deputy William Ruckelshaus abruptly resigned rather than carry out orders to dismiss special prosecutor Archibald Cox , Bork stepped in and carried out Nixon 's demands . He was criticized for bowing to political pressure but remained on the job . Nixon resigned a year later . Reagan named Bork in 1981 to the high-profile U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , where he served with future justices Scalia and Ruth Bader Ginsburg . Bork was seriously considered for the 1986 high court vacancy that eventually went to Scalia , who still serves as the senior associate justice . The retirement a year later of Justice Lewis Powell promised an ideological sea change on the divided high court . Powell was a centrist and the court 's key swing vote . The Reagan White House quickly focused on Bork , hoping it would move the court to the right . One major roadblock : Unlike the Scalia confirmation a year earlier , Democrats now controlled the Senate and were prepared for a fight . Bork 's confirmation was the most bitter Washington had seen in years , and he was ultimately rejected by the Senate 58-42 , the largest margin of defeat ever for a court nominee . From Robert Bork to Instagram in 7 steps The concern for many senators was not one of qualification but of temperament . Bork 's paper trail was extensive . He was an outspoken and prolific jurist with a clear , unapologetic conservative record . Civil rights groups and liberal lawmakers attacked his writings and rulings on voting , free speech and , especially , on reproductive rights . "  Robert Bork 's America is a land in which women would be forced into back-alley abortions , blacks would sit at segregated lunch counters , rogue police could break down citizens ' doors in midnight raids , schoolchildren could not be taught about evolution , " Sen. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , said at the time . "  The doors of the federal courts would be shut on the fingers of millions of citizens . " During the nationally televised hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee , Bork sparred with lawmakers , strongly defending his "  originalist " judicial philosophy and rejecting suggestions the Constitution was a "  flexible " document that offered new rights in changing political and social times . Bork believed in "  strict constructionalism , " that judges should rule based only on the text of the Constitution as it was originally enacted , and should not be seen as righting all social ills . In 2005 , Bork told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " what made a good justice : "  A willingness to apply the Constitution according to the principles that are actually in it rather than what they call the ` evolving ' or the ` living ' Constitution , " he said , "  which simply means the judges begin to make it up . " Friends and colleagues offered tributes to the conservative legal icon . "  Robert Bork was one of America 's greatest jurists and a brilliant legal mind , " said Sen. Mike Lee , R-Utah , a onetime constitutional lawyer and friend of the judge . "  He was an expert on issues ranging from antitrust to privacy laws and was deeply influential in promoting constitutional originalism . Despite the unfortunate and unnecessary controversy surrounding his Supreme Court nomination , Judge Bork remained an inspirational figure for those seeking to enforce constitutional limits on the federal government . Our thoughts and prayers are with the Bork family . " That political fight raised the stakes for future Supreme Court nominations , bringing a new level of intensity and partisanship to the process . Groups on both sides of the ideological debate saw advantages in pointing out the impact the high court and its nine justices have on the rule of law and the hot-button issues decided . The Supreme Court in June made a landmark opinion , upholding the sweeping health care reform law championed by President Obama . Rulings on affirmative action , voting rights and same-sex marriage can be expected by next June . Justices order another look at key health care provision Years after the political fight , Bork admitted that the partisan rejection of his nomination was personally trying . He had stepped down from the bench a year after it . Bork suffered in past years with heart disease . Before his death , he was a distinguished fellow at the Hudson Institute , which researches and analyzes issues involving defense policy , international relations , health care , technology culture and law . The foundation 's president and CEO , Kenneth Weinstein , said Bork will be missed . "  Robert Bork was a giant , a brilliant and fearless legal scholar , and a gentleman whose incredible wit and erudition made him a wonderful Hudson colleague , " Weinstein said in a statement on the organization 's website . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Conservative judge Robert Bork died Wednesday He was best known for the confirmation battle over his 1987 Supreme Court nomination Bork was a staunch advocate for a strict interpretation of the Constitution He was 85
CNN  -- In South Korea , telematics is big business . If it sounds like a buzzword to advertise the latest purveyor of high-tech must-have gadgets , its etymology is no less firmly rooted : "  tele " means remote ; "  matics " means information . Cruising right alongside wireless broadband and DMB  Digital Media Broadcast  cell phones , telematics refers more specifically to automobiles receiving remote information from commercial service providers . These services could include Global Positioning System  GPS  , on-demand entertainment , Internet and Web access , or weather and traffic conditions . All taxis in Seoul are already equipped with a telematic GPS navigation device . Among the corporate sponsors of telematics research and development are Samsung , LG Electronics , Hyundai and General Motors , who all have speech-interfaced applications targeting consumer products launching in early 2008 . Among the top academic contenders of this highly competitive field of R&D is one of South Korea 's top three elite institutions of higher education , Korea University . Within Korea University , the School of Electrical Engineering 's Intelligent Signal Processing Lab  ISPL  , headed by Professor Ko Hanseok , specializes in both image and speech processing . Applications of image processing include such popular consumer features as light balancing and face recognition , now standard on most digital cameras , which can also be associated with voice recognition . Current research in audio processing includes noise suppression and continuous speech recognition , which can be applied as much to cell phones as to voice-controlled telematic devices in vehicles . But while South Korea may live up to its reputation as being the "  world 's most wired country , " Professor Ko points out that on a global scale , the relatively tiny nation is uncomfortably wedged between China and Japan . On the one hand , China overshadows the manufacturing industry as the "  world 's fastest-growing economy ; " on the other , Japan dominates the collective image of the "  world 's most high-tech nation . " So , faithful to Korea University 's forward-thinking slogan "  Global pride , " Professor Ko keeps his research lab 's projects closely aligned with what he calls the "  impact factor . " R&D value is measured in industry impact , which depends on market analysis and consumer trends . After all , the majority of his students studying and working at the highly reputed university are sponsored by the corporate partners that will apply their research to real-world products . In yet another example of South Korea 's converged efforts toward collective success , telematics has united the gadget-makers with the engineering academics , as the industry driven by consumers in cars . E-mail to a friend	Telematics : Cars receiving remote information from service providers Korea University researches noise suppression , continuous speech recognition Samsung , LG Electronics , Hyundai , GM will launch new devices in 2008 South Korea is uncomfortably wedged between China and Japan
CNN  -- Manchester City began their Europa League Group A stage campaign with a comfortable 2-0 victory at Red Bull Salzburg on Thursday . The Premier League big spenders opened the scoring in the seventh minute when Spanish international David Silva converted his first goal for the club after being set-up by Jo . And Brazilian striker Jo , who is back in favor at the club after spending the last 18 months out on loan , doubled City 's advantage in the second half from close range . The result leaves Roberto Mancini 's side top of the group after the other game in Turin , between Juventus and Polish side Lech Poznan , ended in a thrilling 3-3 draw . Artjoms Rudnevs scored a hat-trick for the visitors " his final effort coming in injury time " to earn a fine draw for the visitors , after they had initially wasted a two-goal advantage . Two Gieorgio Chiellini goals and a superb Alessandro Del Piero effort looked to have earned Juventus all three points . There was another hat-trick man in Group B , this time Bayer Leverkusen striker Patrick Helmes was the hero in a 4-0 home win over Rosenborg . Stefan Reinartz was the other player on target for the Bundesliga side . In the other group match , defending champions Atletico Madrid suffered a surprise 1-0 defeat in Greece against Aris Salonika , for whom Spanish striker Javito scored against his compatriots . In Group C , Sporting Lisbon came away from Lille with an impressive 2-1 win courtesy of first half goals from Simon Vukcevic and Helder Postiga . The other match saw Levski Sofia twice come from behind to defeat Belgian side Ghent 3-2 . Group D favorites Villarreal are bottom of the table after their first game , with the Spanish side losing 2-0 at Dinamo Zagreb . The other match between Bruges and PAOK of Greece ended in a 1-1 draw . Dutch side AZ Alkmaar lead Group E after their opening 2-1 home victory over Sheriff Tiraspol , while Dynamo Kiev and BATE Borisov of Belarus shared four goals in the other match in Ukraine . Brazilian striker Vagner Love scored twice for CSKA Moscow in their 3-0 Group F success at Swiss side Lausanne . Meanwhile , the other group match produced a cracker with Sparta Prague edging Italian side Palermo 3-2 in a thrilling affair . There was another hat-trick , this time in Group G , where 2008 winners Zenit St Petersburg won 3-1 at Anderlecht , with Alexander Kerzhakov netting all three for the Russian side . The other group match also ended 3-1 , with AEK Athens defeating Hajduk Split . Bundesliga side Stuttgart are without a point domestically so far this season , but they cruised to a 3-0 Group H win over Young Boys on Thursday . The other group match saw Spanish side Getafe recover from going a goal down to defeat Odense 2-1 . Group I saw the evening 's biggest scorers , with Metalist Kharkiv of Ukraine winning 5-0 at Debrecen . They top the group from PSV Eindhoven and Sampdoria , who drew 1-1 in the other match . A late goal from Nene saw Paris St Germain produce a superb 1-0 victory at Seville in Group J , while a seven-goal thriller saw visitors Borussia Dortmund just edge Karpaty Lviv 4-3 in Ukraine . David Ngog scored twice , one from the penalty spot , as Liverpool eased to a 4-1 win over Steaua Bucharest in Group K , while Napoli and Utrecht played out the only goalless draw of the evening . Finally , in Group L , Porto lead the way after beating Rapid Vienna 3-0 . They head Besiktas , who claimed a last-gasp 1-0 home win over CSKA Sofia .	Manchester City begin Europa League campaign with a 2-0 win at Red Bull Salzburg David Silva scores his first goal for the club with Brazilian forward Jo also on target The other Group A match between Juventus and Lech Poznan ends in a 3-3 draw Patrick Helmes scores a hat-trick for Bayer Leverkusen in their 4-0 win over Rosenborg
Health.com  -- More than one in 10 women develops depression during pregnancy . Now , a new study suggests that women who are treated with antidepressants are more likely to give birth early or to have newborns that need to spend time in a neonatal intensive care unit . Babies of women taking SSRIs were born earlier and were more likely to have been admitted to intensive care . Depression itself can have ill effects for both mom and baby . Therefore , the benefits of the antidepressants -- known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors -- may still outweigh the risks for some women , researchers say . "  There is no easy way out of this , " says Dr. Tim Oberlander , a developmental pediatrician at BC Children 's Hospital , in Vancouver , Canada , who has studied the effects of SSRIs on children exposed in the womb , but was not involved in the current study . "  Depression needs to be managed , and for some women , the use of these medications is appropriate and necessary . " Health.com : 3 Signs you should stop , adjust , or switch antidepressants The new study , led by Dr. Najaaraq Lund , of Aarhus University , in Denmark , found that babies whose mothers had taken SSRIs were born earlier and were more likely to require treatment in an NICU . Women have been using SSRIs during pregnancy since the early 1990s , Lund and her colleagues point out in the report , which is published in the October issue of Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine . These drugs , which include Zoloft , Prozac , and others , are widely considered to be the safest type of antidepressant medication to take during pregnancy . It 's been difficult to confirm their safety , however , especially since investigators have to find a way to distinguish between the effects of depression itself -- and habits that depressed women may be more likely to engage in , like drinking and smoking -- and the drug on the newborn . Health.com : Do pregnancy and bipolar disorder mix ? Lund and her colleagues tackled this issue by including a group of women who reported a history of some type of psychiatric illness but were n't taking SSRIs . Some , but not all , of these women had suffered from depression . "  Using this group as a comparison group takes into account possible genetic or lifestyle factors associated with present or previous psychiatric disorders , " the researcher notes . The analysis included 329 women who took SSRIs in pregnancy , 4,902 with a history of psychiatric illness who were n't taking the drugs , and 51,770 women who reported no history of psychiatric illness and were n't taking SSRIs . All had received prenatal care at Aarhus University Hospital between 1989 and 2006 . Babies of women taking SSRIs were born an average of five days earlier than those born to women who had no mental illness , and were twice as likely to be born preterm . The babies whose mothers took SSRIs were 2.4 times as likely to have been admitted to the NICU than infants who had n't been exposed to the drugs in utero . They were also more than four times as likely to have Apgar scores below eight , just five minutes after birth .  Apgar scores measure an infant 's health at birth by looking at his or her breathing , heartbeat , reflexes , muscle tone , and skin color ; scores of seven and above are considered normal , and a newborn 's Apgar score has no influence on how he or she will fare later in life . There was no difference between SSRI-exposed babies and unexposed babies in head circumference or birth weight . Antidepressant medication is just one part of the equation in addressing women 's mental health during pregnancy , notes Oberlander , who says depression in pregnancy is a "  huge public health issue " with lasting implications for women and their children . Helping ensure that women are getting enough social support and adequate nutrition is essential , he adds , while alternative treatments for depression -- such as exercise , light therapy , and omega-3 fatty acids -- ought to be explored further . "  In general , optimizing non-pharmacological treatment would be a really important step , " he says . He explains that it is essential to follow SSRI-exposed babies as they grow up , to identify any problems and intervene as necessary . However , he and Lund agree that it 's still unclear whether the differences seen at birth will have lasting effects on a child 's development and health . Health.com : 6 Rules for a healthy postpartum slim-down "  As depression itself can influence birth outcome in a negative direction , treatment is warranted in some cases based on the existing body of evidence , " Lund says . "  In cases with mild or moderate symptoms , psychotherapy can be used as an alternative treatment . In severe cases and in patients with a history of recurrent , severe depression , continuation or initiation of treatment might be the best option . "  Every single case should be considered individually , and the decision should be made by the woman and her ob-gyn and psychiatrist , " she says . Health.com : Why you can not wait to treat postpartum depression Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Danish study finds babies whose mothers took antidepressants were born earlier Babies of mothers who took SSRIs were 2.4 times likely to be in intensive care It 's unclear whether differences seen at birth will have lasting effects on child
CNN  -- A Massachusetts congressman called on the federal government Tuesday to distribute potassium iodide pills to Americans living near nuclear reactors , a preventive step one expert warns might do more harm than good . Rep. Ed Markey wants the federal government to distribute doses of the compound -- which can be used to block the thyroid gland 's absorption of radioactive iodine -- to every household within a 20-mile radius of a U.S. nuclear power plant "  in recognition of the probability that rapid evacuation during a nuclear meltdown will be difficult and time consuming . " Markey , D-Massachusetts , said the battle to halt a suspected meltdown at a Japanese plant should spur the Obama administration to action . "  Despite more than 30 years of clear and unequivocal evidence that potassium iodide protects people , especially young children , who are most vulnerable , from cancer-causing releases of radioactive iodine that would occur if a nuclear disaster occurred , the nuclear industry has continued to fight its use , " Markey said at a press conference . A 2002 law calls for the U.S. government to make stockpiles of potassium iodide available to states and local governments in preparation for a possible nuclear accident , but the congressman said the provision has not been enforced . "  The Japanese nuclear disaster is the reminder we need that the law should be followed , and American children should be protected in the event of another nuclear meltdown here on U.S. soil , " Markey said in a statement issued by his office . The congressmen urged potassium iodide be stockpiled in schools , hospitals and other places within the 20-mile radius . Markey is the ranking Democrat on the House Natural Resources Committee and a former chairman of the Energy and Commerce subcommittee on the environment . He was a leading critic of BP during last year 's massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , pushing the oil company to release more information about the disaster . Since the crisis at a Japanese power station that followed the March 11 earthquake and tsunami , he has called for a safety review of U.S. nuclear plants . Markey said Tuesday he plans to introduce legislation to overhaul nuclear safety . The bill imposes a moratorium on new reactor licenses until "  new safety requirements are in place . " The bill , he said , would require reactors to have backup power supplies and systems that can withstand "  earthquakes , tsunamis , strong storms and long power outages . " But Dr. James Cox , a radiation oncologist at Houston 's MD Anderson Cancer Center , called Markey 's potassium iodide proposal "  a well-intentioned but bad idea . " "  The idea of trying to protect people and trying to prevent illness is always a good idea , " said Cox , a CNN consultant . But he said the pills carry side effects that might be worse than low doses of radiation -- and they have "  very little likelihood " of being used , "  except by people who might be so anxious that they might use them inappropriately . " Radioactive iodine is among the contaminants released from the earthquake-damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in northern Japan , where crews have spent more than two weeks trying to prevent meltdowns in three of its six reactors . Potassium iodide blocks the absorption of radioactive iodine isotopes by filling the thyroid with the benign iodine compound , stopping the thyroid from absorbing radioactive iodine . This reduces the risk of cancer from exposure . Its use is recommended for children in particular , because they would have a higher risk of thyroid cancers , but it does n't protect against radiation from other elements -- nor does it protect any other organs from radiation exposure . The supplement disappeared from some store shelves in California this month after trace amounts of radioactivity were picked up by sensors on the U.S. Pacific Coast , even as California 's emergency management agency warned residents against taking it . "  It is not necessary given the current circumstances in Japan , " the agency said . "  It can present a danger to people with allergies to iodine , shellfish or who have thyroid problems , and taken inappropriately , it can have serious side effects . " Cox said that ideally , if a nuclear accident happened , health departments would tell people in the affected areas when they should take a dose of the compound . But having potassium iodide at hand can be a problem as well . "  Because just like people are running out and trying to hoard these pills , that anxiety might lead them to take the medication when they are told there is some detectable amount of iodine-131 in the atmosphere , when it 's not enough of a concentration to be health concern . " Irwin Redlener , director of the National Center for Disaster Preparedness at Columbia University , said his main message is the United States should be prepared for a potential disaster . "  Americans should n't take it  potassium iodide  now because Americans are not , at the moment at risk , so they should not take it now , " Redlener said . "  This should not be an advisory for people to go out and stockpile potassium iodide themselves necessarily . " CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Congressman wants people living near reactors to have pills handy A CNN consultant calls that "  a well-intentioned but bad idea " Trace amounts of radiation prompted a run on pills in California
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama tore into the Republican opposition on Capitol Hill Wednesday , blaming the GOP for what he called politically motivated opposition on virtually every issue . Democrats have been willing to incorporate Republican ideas on health care and other issues , he said , but Republicans have not been willing to do the same . Addressing a gathering of Senate Democrats , Obama promised to "  call  Republicans  out when  Democrats  extend a hand and get a fist in return . " Several Democrats facing tough election fights this November were given time to ask the president questions on high-profile issues such as trade and deficit reduction . Much of the president 's time , however , was used to lash out at GOP tactics . Senate Republicans , he said , have tried to employ the filibuster more over the past year than in all of the 1950s and 1960s combined . The GOP 's strategy has been "  20 years of obstruction packed into one , " he said . "  If you want to govern , you ca n't just say no , " he argued . "  It ca n't be about just scoring points . " The filibuster , he added , only works as intended if there is a "  genuine spirit of compromise . " The president 's tough rhetoric was part of a more aggressive -- and frequently populist -- White House strategy in the wake of the Democrats ' recent upset loss in the Massachusetts Senate race . GOP Sen.-elect Scott Brown 's victory stripped Democrats of their 60-seat Senate supermajority and raised fears among many congressional Democrats about a potential GOP landslide in the upcoming midterm elections . The Democratic answer to the Massachusetts Senate race should not be "  to do nothing " in Congress , he said . Nervous constituents want to see legislative progress , he asserted . "  We should do more , and we should do so without delay , " he said . In recent days -- during a meeting with House Republicans in Maryland and in town hall forums in Florida and New Hampshire -- Obama has repeatedly offered to work with GOP leaders . At the same time , he has been ratcheting up his own partisan rhetoric . "  By extending an olive branch to Republicans , the president appears to be attempting to appeal to independent voters who have flocked to the GOP over the past several months , " CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser said . "  But the president also needs to rally a deflated and angry Democratic base , which accounts in part for his tougher attacks against GOP leaders . " Obama cited several examples of what he said was GOP legislative maneuvering motivated purely by political considerations . Among other things , he raised the recent example of seven GOP senators who backed a bill establishing a bipartisan deficit reduction commission , but then turned against it when the proposal came to a vote . He also noted that a large number of bills have been subjected to Republican-led filibusters , only to receive 85 or 90 votes once the filibuster is broken and the legislation is allowed to move to a final vote . I 'm "  not open to switches " solely "  because it 's good short-term politics , " he said . I wo n't tolerate an "  if you lose , I win " mentality . Obama urged Senate Democrats to stop listening to what he called politically oriented cable television shows on networks such as Fox News , CNN and MSNBC , and instead get out of the Washington "  echo chamber . " Most people "  do n't care about majorities and minorities and process , " he said . They just want to know if their elected representatives are "  delivering for me . " The president warned fellow Democrats that the public is often misinformed on key issues such as budget deficits . Many constituents will cite foreign aid or legislative earmarks when discussing ways to reduce spending , he said , when in reality those items constitute a minuscule share of federal spending . Balancing the budget while refusing to raise taxes and exempting entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare would require 60 percent cuts in virtually every other program , and "  that 's just not going to happen , " he said . Noting that Bill Clinton left office with budget surpluses , Obama asserted that Democrats "  should have credibility " on the deficit issue . But the party is "  still haunted " by debates from the 1960s and '70s when the party was stuck with the "  tax and spend " label , he said . CNN 's Dana Bash and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : "  To do nothing " not right response to the Massachusetts Senate race , says Obama President says GOP opposition on issues politically-motivated Obama promises to call out GOP "  when  Democrats  extend a hand and get a fist in return " GOP 's increased use of filibuster during the past year criticized by Obama
CNN  -- We celebrate Veterans Day this week , but we have been riding a crest of war remembrance for months now . World War I 's centenary alone has brought forth new books -- histories of that war , based on historical documentation and letters unearthed in family and state archives . We look anew at the inscriptions on tombs of known and unknown soldiers and posters from the past whose propagandistic messages shout at us across the divide of time . Opinion : How a century-old war affects you But in the midst of this flood of words , an equally significant , and telling , aspect of the Great War has been largely overlooked : the place of silence in and around the conflict . World War I may call to mind the written word -- the harrowing verses of Wilfred Owen or the prose of Erich Maria Remarque , whose "  All Quiet on the Western Front " rendered war 's raw brutality . But the experiences of the years 1914-1918 in fact enshrined the notions that language can not adequately express the experience of combat , that the veteran will often remain silent about war , even to his or her own family , that the speech of soldiers -- the euphemisms and slang used on the battlefield , the coded communications used after , among veterans -- leaves out as much as it reveals . Opinion : When the flu wiped out millions This notion of war as an inaccessible space may seem almost antiquated today , when civilian smartphones and video cameras produce a continual feed of chaotic combat situations . But much of what goes on in military operations remains unknown to those who were not there . The connections between silence and war still hold among soldiers -- for reasons of security , censorship , military culture and enduring mechanisms of human psychology . Opinion : The mighty women of World War I In 2014 , as in 1914 , many veterans keep quiet about what are their most life-changing experiences . There is , for one thing , the trauma ; there is also the desire to protect one 's family . There is guilt over killing -- and guilt over surviving . And there is the sheer difficulty of how to explain it : how to put an exceptional state into everyday language . Opinion : How World War I gave us ` cooties ' World War I was a watershed in this regard , modeling , during the course of the conflict , what could and could not be said about war by combatants . Some silences were strategic : Soldiers knew their communications home would be censored , and it was unwise to appear defeatist or unpatriotic by conveying the horrors of the battlefield . Opinion : The promise World War I could n't keep Others refused speech as a way of respecting the war experience of fallen comrades . War poetry is vocal on the need for restraint to counter the rhetoric of heroism produced by those far from the front . In his 1915 poem "  When You See Millions of the Mouthless Dead , " Charles Hamilton Sorley scorned the use of "  soft words " about those who could not speak back : "  Say only this , ` They are dead . ' / Then add thereto , / ` Yet many a better one has died before . ' ... " Opinion : The ` bionic men ' of World War I Most combatants could not come up with the words , soft or hard , to communicate to those back home what lay around them : carnage on an unprecedented scale . With many new weapons , and others used on a mass scale for the first time in history , World War I inaugurated a new human experience of battle and devastating new injuries . Even the educated felt that language failed them to convey the sights and smells of bodies rent by machine gun fire , devastated by bombs from the air , blistered from gas or paralyzed by shell shock . "  I can not find words to translate my impressions . Hell can not be so terrible , " wrote the French lieutenant Alfred Joubaire in his diary , unable to draw comparisons with any known reality . Opinion : War : What is it good for ? Art ! The writings , drawings and other artifacts that flowed from the front grappled not only with the question of how to rise to these expressive challenges , but whether it is even possible to communicate this new reality to the noncombatant . Opinion : Should nations pay the price for their leaders ' misdeeds ? Henri Barbusse reflected on this futility in his 1916 novel "  Under Fire , " which originated from notes taken during his time at the front . "  It 'll be no good telling about it , eh ? They would n't believe you ... no one can know it . Only us , " remarks one soldier . "  No , not even us , not even us ! , " another responds . "  We 've seen too much to remember ... We 're not made to hold it all . " Traumatic repression , the veterans ' despair at being understood , the affirmation of a special bond of knowledge and experience among comrades -- all familiar struggles from our modern wars . They are all here , in 1916 -- violence of a scope that exceeded comprehension . Indeed , Barbusse 's scene ends with the rueful reflection that this war was something "  you ca n't give a name to . " Opinion : The promise World War I could n't keep Both the modern figure of the literary witness and the modern figure of the mute veteran emerged from this early 20th-century conflagration -- as with Barbusse , they were often one and the same - and with them the notion of war as something too overwhelming to tell . Opinion : How World War I gave us drones Of course , this situation was not unique to the Great War . A study released in August by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs , which reveals the prolonged post-traumatic stress among Vietnam veterans -- home from war for 40 years now -- reminds us of that . Opinion : How World War I gave us drones And so it 's fitting that from 1919 onward , World War I 's November 11th Armistice has been marked in many countries through two minutes of silence and has been expanded to include the veterans of all wars . The words of World War I can enlighten us about the conflict 100 years later . But the spaces of silence around the din of all wars can tell us much about war 's toll on those who wage it -- in 2014 as in 1914 . Photo blog : WWI : The Golden Age of postcards	Ruth Ben-Ghiat : Veterans Day brings words of remembrance . For many , words do n't work She says vets keep quiet about their life-changing experience ; others would not understand She says WWI enshrined this notion . The horrors , and guilt over killing , too great to describe Ben-Ghiat : It 's fitting Veterans Day calls for 2 minutes of silence -- to quietly mark the din of war
Washington  CNN  -- What will the Obamas get the royal wee one ? Sources tell CNN they 're planning a special gift but just what that will be is a topic of animated debate inside the White House and the State Department . Judging by the secrecy around the process , you 'd think they were guarding state secrets . No baby buggy will do . The president and first lady must find a special gift to honor the special relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom . Kate and William bring home royal baby boy Presidents have a spotty history when it comes to giving gifts for the births of British royals . When Prince William was born in 1982 , the Reagans gave him a child-size Chippendale-style corner chair with a needlepoint seat . But when his younger brother , Harry , was born two years later , they gave nothing . According to the Reagan Library , there was some criticism over the cost of William 's chair , though it was less than $ 1,000 , according to reports . Harry Truman was president when Prince Charles was born in 1948 . The United States had recently fought World War II by Britain 's side , but still all Harry and Bess sent to mark the occasion was a telegram . They received a polite reply in return . Photos : First look at royal baby Calvin Coolidge did even less for the birth of the current queen in 1926 : he sent nothing . So the pressure is on the Obamas to improve the record . Nancy Mitchell of the Washington Center for Protocol says a gift is meant to help in "  building or cementing relationships , " and she believes the Obamas should send two : an official one from the American people and a personal one from them as a couple . Kate follows in Diana 's footsteps For the official gift she suggests a piece of moon rock because the new prince was born under the full moon ; an American-made teddy bear , as the toy 's namesake is Teddy Roosevelt ; or a sapling from a great American tree to plant on palace property . Says Mitchell , "  Would n't it be lovely when the prince is 80 years old and King of the UK , and he looks out the window and says , ` This tree and I are the same age . This tree was presented by the United States the day I was born . ' " For a more personal gift from the Obamas , Mitchell would endorse American crafts such as a rocking chair or a quilt made of 50 squares , one for every state in the union . Prince George William Phillip Edward ? Another option on her list : a hobby horse , though she emphasizes it must be made of American wood , from a tree "  that fell by natural causes . We do n't want to be accused of chopping down a tree to make a gift for the prince . " She also suggests original art from the book "  Where the Wild Things Are , " because both the president and first lady have said it 's one of their favorite books , and Max , the main character , is crowned king in his fantasy . Just as important as what to give is what not to give . In this category : no political gifts , obviously , especially no "  silver spoons " -- too many opportunities for puns . And Mitchell suggests no gender-specific gifts because the royals just went through the process of changing the rules of succession to allow for a female heir , so this would n't be the right time to highlight the fact that the heir is a boy rather than a girl . Finally , Mitchell says , "  I pray that the Obamas do n't pop down to the gift shop of the White House ... I noticed there is a bib , a blanket , a onesie with the White House seal on it . "	Gifts for William and Catherine 's baby must honor special U.S.-UK relationship William got a gift from Reagans when he was born ; brother Harry got nothing Truman sent telegram for Charles ' birth ; Coolidge did even less for queen 's birth Protocol expert suggests American-made crafts -- but no silver spoons
Havana , Cuba  CNN  A message reported to be from retired Cuban leader Fidel Castro late Monday endorsed the fledgling talks to restore diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States , but added Castro still "  did n't trust " U.S. officials . In a letter , published on the website of the communist party newspaper Granma , Castro said that although he did n't "  trust U.S. policies and have not exchanged a word with them , this does not mean however that I would oppose a peaceful solution to conflicts or threats of war . " Last month Cuba and the United States exchanged prisoners and agreed to discuss normalizing relations that had been trapped in over five decades of Cold War animosity . While the U.S. economic trade embargo remains in place , President Barack Obama announced he would lift some sanctions and ease travel restrictions for U.S. citizens wishing to visit the island . Despite the major shift in policy , for over a month Castro made no public comment on the deal , reigniting rumors that the 88-year-old former Cuban leader was in failing health . Last week , Cuban and U.S. diplomats met to discuss re-establishing embassies in Washington and Havana . While both sides hailed the first round of talks in Havana as productive , the negotiators sparred over issues like human rights and the discussions ended without signs of any breakthrough . Talks are expected to resume in Washington , although no date has been set for the second round of discussions . The U.S. broke relations with Cuba in 1961 , amid fears that Castro and his bearded revolutionaries harbored communist sympathies . Despite scores of CIA assassination attempts against him and a failed U.S.-backed invasion of Cuba , Castro stayed in power until 2006 , when a still-undisclosed intestinal ailment forced him to step down . Since then Castro rarely appears in public , instead opining on current events in occasional newspaper columns . Raul Castro replaced him as president and demonstrated a less confrontational style of leadership than his older brother , who often led massive protests against U.S. policies . The younger Castro has allowed more economic reforms to take place but resisted any challenges to the country 's single-party communist style of government . During the talks , Cuban officials said they hoped the United States and Cuba could learn to coexist despite the deep differences in the two countries political systems . "  We shall always defend the cooperation and friendship between all people , among them our political adversaries , " Fidel Castro wrote in the message published Monday . "  With this spirit , I have fought , " Castro concluded his letter , "  and will continue fighting until my last breath . "	In communist newspaper , Fidel Castro endorses diplomatic talks , but he also expresses misgiving about U.S. Last month the United States and Cuba agreed to discuss normalizing relations U.S. , Cuban diplomats met last week in Havana to talk about re-establishing embassies
Atlanta  CNN  -- In another summer , when Liz McLaughlin was younger and insulated , she took a long train ride from her native Edinburgh , Scotland , down to London for a very important concert . Excitement bubbled because of the marquee names -- U2 , Madonna , Eric Clapton , B.B. King . Famine was not a familiar term to McLaughlin then but Live Aid , organized by Irish musician Bob Geldof to raise money and awareness of hunger in Ethiopia , opened her eyes to human suffering . So much so that a few years later she left her stockbroker job in Chicago to help shuttle aid supplies into war-ravaged Bosnia . Before she knew it , she was driving a truck into Sarajevo . She 's been in the aid business now for 18 long years , but McLaughlin was shocked when she visited Kenya and Ethiopia in the last few weeks . Shocked , even after previously seeing the suffering in Sarajevo , Darfur and Haiti . "  I did n't think I 'd see any surprises , " she said at a forum Thursday at CARE 's U.S. headquarters in Atlanta . "  I 've never seen anything like it in my life . " Her first stop was the Dadaab refugee complex , where CARE has been operating for 20 years . The massive food shortages have swelled Dadaab 's population to about 400,000 . That 's the size of the city of Minneapolis . Desperate , women have walked for 50 miles to reach Dadaab . Some started with three children but arrived with only one still alive . The lines are 15,000-people long just to register for the camp . The United Nations estimates that 600,000 children could die in the next few months in the region . Think about it this way : If famine were declared in the United States , that would translate to 3,000 or more children dying every day from lack of food and water . Impact Your World : How you can help In an earthquake or tsunami , things are worst in the immediate aftermath . No matter what , aid workers can hope to look forward to things getting better , however measured . But famine is like a creeping monster -- this one first appeared on the horizon many months ago but largely went unnoticed by the world until it began devouring thousands of lives . Burying a child : A mother 's unending grief McLaughlin 's colleague Bob Laprade , director of CARE 's emergency programs , said that with the rainy season still a few months away , things will get worse before they get better . He showed a map Thursday of the Horn of Africa . The five regions of southern Somalia , where the United Nations has declared famine , appeared in dark brown . Then he showed the projection for the next few months . The dark brown patch grows twice as large . High-res photos : Desperation in Somalia While Somalia fares the worst largely because of internal conflict and insecurity , Ethiopia , Kenya , Djibouti and a sliver of South Sudan are also reeling in catastrophe . McLaughlin and Laprade visited areas in Ethiopia that are teetering on famine but are still off the international radar . Not many journalists visit these areas and the world sees little of what is happening there , McLaughlin said . She ran across piles of animal carcasses and bones littering the parched landscape . It has not rained in the Borena region of Ethiopia in nearly a year . "  At first I did not connect the carcasses to starvation , " she said . But when she arrived at the clinics treating children reduced to skin and ribs , she realized they had no meat to eat . "  This month , it 's cattle , " an elder cattle herder told McLaughlin . "  Next month , it 's the people . " At a stabilization center in Haraghe , Laprade watched children curl up in their mothers ' arms and look vacantly into their faces . Please save me , they said with their stares . Laprade got back in his jeep , and cried . He , too , in all his 25 years as an aid worker , was struck by the enormity of the crisis . Even for the hardiest aid worker , this was difficult beyond words . Starvation is slow and painful . "  It 's really pretty terrible , " he said . "  These kids will die unless they get immediate assistance . " McLaughlin and Laprade -- who came down with typhoid fever on his plane journey back -- returned to Atlanta with a mission to raise awareness of the famine . They could not let down the people they had met who begged them to tell their tale . There is nothing man can do to avert the worst drought in 60 years . But part of the discussion at CARE Thursday focused on how the international community can help stabilize skyrocketing food prices by looking at agricultural production capacities and trade policies . Food prices fuel hunger in Kenya In Kenya , for instance , the price of a 90-kilogram bag of maize , which is the main food source for most Kenyans , soared from about $ 16 in June 2010 to about $ 44 in July 2011 -- an increase of 160 % , according to the Kenya Bureau of Statistics . Laprade and McLaughlin appealed to the world for help in what the United Nations has deemed the worst ongoing humanitarian crisis . McLaughlin said donations for the Horn of Africa total only a fraction of what was collected after the earthquake in Haiti or the tsunami in Japan . Musicians and actors have a lot of pull , she said . Why not another celebrity event to draw the world together ? U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon spoke Thursday with U2 frontman Bono on the need to mobilize international resources . The rock star leads Campaign ONE , which fights extreme poverty , and told CNN that people must act to prevent more suffering . "  People seem to prefer watching people on the high streets of London fighting policemen rather than watching children of Somalia fight for their lives , " Bono said . "  People watch their stock values crumble while I think of our own sense of values tumbling because  the famine  will define who we are . " "  This is outrageous , " he said . "  This ca n't be happening . It must be stopped . " Relief groups urge action in East Africa McLaughlin is hoping the efforts of people like Bono will help bring relief to the 12 million people affected by the acute shortages of food . She recalled how the entire world stopped to watch Live Aid in 1985 . The event raised hundreds of millions of dollars for Ethiopia and gave her brand new global insight . "  Why not now ? We need that again , " she said . There are young people in the world 's richest nations , she said , who could be touched as she was all those years ago . Maybe , they , too , would then be drawn to act .	Two longtime CARE staffers have just returned from Ethiopia and Kenya They say they were taken aback by the enormity of the suffering Liz McLaughlin was inspired by 1985 Live Aid concert to get involved She says she hopes the world will come together again to help combat famine in Horn of Africa
It 's trust in English , confiance in French , and a word used a lot Tuesday by President Barack Obama and visiting French President Francois Hollande to describe what has changed once thorny relations between the NATO allies . At a news conference on the second day of Holland 's state visit , the two leaders talked up continuing a new cooperation between their governments that butted heads a decade ago over the Iraq War . Obama will host Hollande at a state dinner on Tuesday night -- the first of his second term -- in another sign of what both depicted as a diplomatic bromance in the face of international challenges that include the Syrian civil war , Iran 's nuclear ambitions and economic malaise in Europe . "  We 're standing shoulder to shoulder on key challenges , " Obama said at one point , while Hollande declared that "  we trust each other in an unprecedented manner . " Obama to France in June To underscore the improving relations , Obama said he would travel to France in June at Hollande 's invitation to mark the 70th anniversary of the Normandy invasion during World War II . For his part , Hollande said that "  mutual trust has been restored " between his government and the Obama administration in the aftermath of classified leaks by Edward Snowden that disclosed widespread U.S. surveillance operations in foreign countries . A socialist elected in 2012 , Hollande arrived alone for the trip after revelations in France of an affair with an actress and the subsequent end of his longtime relationship with Valerie Trierweiler , who was considered the equivalent of the French first lady even though they were n't married . During Tuesday 's news conference that stretched to an hour , no one asked about Hollande 's personal life . Even for issues on which they may not see completely eye-to-eye , Obama and Hollande emphasized a cooperative spirit in seeking an end to the Syrian war and a deal with Iran to prevent it from developing nuclear weapons . Asked about the nuclear talks with Iran involving their countries along with Russia , Britain , China and Germany , the two leaders avoided directly answering if France had concerns that the United States might push for a less-than-ideal final agreement in order to declare success . It 's up to the Iranians to guarantee their intentions are for peaceful use of nuclear power , Obama said , adding that "  if they meet what technically gives us those assurances , then there is a deal to be made . If they do n't , there is n't . " Iranian problem For his part , Hollande said a six-month agreement reached with Iran to freeze its enrichment in return for easing some sanctions while talks continue "  does n't mean that there is no longer an Iranian problem . " "  There is an Iranian problem , for we need to make sure that Iran renounce the nuclear weapon in a definite and comprehensive manner , " he said . Obama has stressed the United States would enforce remaining U.S. and U.N. sanctions on Iran , pending a permanent accord on the nuclear issues . When a reporter asked about a French business delegation visiting Iran , Obama warned any companies violating sanctions would "  do so at their own peril now , because we will come down on them like a ton of bricks . " He added that the United States expects allies such France to fully observe existing sanctions against Iran . Hollande , meanwhile , said it was critical that Iran renounces nuclear weapons in a "  comprehensive manner " in talks going forward , but noted that he lacked authority to tell French businesses who they can talk with as long as no sanctions violations occur . The next round of Iran talks begin on February 18 in Vienna . Iranian and International Atomic Energy Agency officials jointly said Sunday that Iran has agreed to take additional steps by May to ease international concern over Tehran 's nuclear program . Syrian conflict On another Middle East issue dominating global concern , Obama said there was "  a horrendous situation on the ground in Syria " and he called the ongoing civil war and humanitarian crisis "  one of our highest national security priorities " because of extremists gaining greater influence in the "  crumbling " nation . Obama also said his administration was putting pressure on Russia -- a major ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad -- to help the international community gain access to provide humanitarian aid . The message to Moscow was that expressions of concern about the welfare of Syrians were not enough "  if there are starving people , " Obama said . Hollande noted the threats of military action by their countries that he credited with forcing the Syrians to negotiate the handover of its known chemical weapons stockpiles . However , he said Syria 's compliance with an agreement worked out by Russia had brought "  only partial destruction " of Syrian chemical weapons so far that he said "  does n't go nearly far enough . " Affairs -- foreign and otherwise -- surround Francois	President Obama says Iran has little wiggle room in nuclear talks Obama will visit France in June for 70th anniversary of the D-Day invasion "  We trust each other in an unprecedented manner , " French President Hollande says Obama hosts Hollande at a state dinner on Tuesday night
CNN  -- Golfing prodigies just keep getting younger . The latest name to wow the sport is 11-year-old Lucy Li , who made her own slice of history on Monday . She is officially the youngest player to qualify for the U.S. Women 's Open after securing her place at an event in her native California . Li , from Redwood Shores , shot rounds of 74 and 68 at Half Moon Bay Golf Club to beat the field by seven shots and book her place at Pinehurst next month . She beats the previous mark held by fellow American Lexi Thompson , who qualified for the 2007 installment aged 12 . But Li wo n't be the youngest to compete at the tournament -- that honor is still held by Beverley Klass , who competed in 1967 aged just 10 without having to qualify . Li already has a victory at the world famous Augusta National under her belt , having won the inaugural Drive , Chip and Putt Championship at the Masters venue in April . Now she 'll be heading to Pinehurst as the third major event of the women 's season follows on directly after the men 's tournament at the same venue on June 17 for the first time in its history . Li was one of those to make it from the United States Golf Association 's first international qualifying events , which took place in America , England , China , Japan and Korea . All of the 17 women to qualify will be making their first appearance at the U.S. Open , with another raft of events running right through until the end of May . At The Buckinghamshire course just outside London , England , 20-year-old Amy Boulden from Wales qualified first just weeks after her first professional win . "  I 'm very happy . I played very well today , so I 'm very pleased , " said Boulden , who was one of eight players to make the cut . "  I knew there were a lot of good players , but I still felt quite confident . "  I 've grown up playing with a lot of the girls playing , so I just tried to play my own game and I knew that if you were under par you were probably going to qualify here . "  It 's one of the biggest majors , so I 'm looking forward to going to the States and playing against the best players in the world . "	Lucy Li becomes youngest ever qualifier for women 's U.S. Open aged just 11 The Californian shoots rounds of 74 and 68 at Half Moon Bay event to qualify She beats previous mark held by Lexi Thompson who qualified aged 12 Women 's U.S. Open starts at Pinehurst in North Carolina on June 17
Modern-day peeping Toms in Massachusetts , the sorts who get their thrills snapping "  upskirt " photos on crowded subways , now have their behavior criminalized . Gov. Deval Patrick signed a bill Friday , according to his office , making photographing or recording video under a person 's clothing -- think down a blouse or up a skirt -- a misdemeanor . "  The legislation makes the secret photographing , videotaping , or electronically surveiling of another person 's sexual or other intimate parts , whether under or around a person 's clothing or when a reasonable person would believe that the person 's intimate parts would not be visible to the public , a crime , " Patrick 's office said in a prepared statement . The crime is punishable by up 2 1/2 years in jail or a fine of up to $ 5,000 . In addition , the law states that "  whoever videotapes or photographs , with the intent to secretly conduct or hide such activity , the sexual or other intimate parts of a child " faces a sentence of 2 1/2 to 5 years and up to a $ 5,000 fine . The law goes into effect immediately . Victim of "  upskirting " speaks out Lawmakers hastily drew up and passed the bill Thursday , a day after the state 's highest court ruled that current laws against secretly photographing a person in a state of partial nudity do n't apply to these sorts of secretive shots . "  A female passenger on a MBTA  Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority  trolley who is wearing a skirt , dress , or the like covering these parts of her body is not a person who is ` partially nude , ' no matter what is or is not underneath the skirt by way of underwear or other clothing , " wrote Justice Margot Botsford of the state Supreme Judicial Court . The ruling stemmed from a case against Michael Robertson , 32 , who was arrested in 2010 . He was accused of using his cell phone to take pictures and record video up the skirts and dresses of women riding on the trolley , court documents say . Complaints were filed with transit police , who then staged "  a decoy operation " to catch Robertson . He promptly pointed his phone up the dress of a female officer , court documents say . He was arrested and charged with two counts of attempting to secretly photograph a person in a state of partial nudity . Though a lower court ruled against him , Robertson found his case dismissed Wednesday -- and outraged lawmakers got to work . "  We are sending a message that to take a photo or video of a woman under her clothing is morally reprehensible and , in Massachusetts , we will put you in jail for doing it , " state Senate President Therese Murray said in a prepared statement . "  We will need to revisit this law again and again as technology continues to evolve and ensure that we are providing the necessary protections . " Recognizing how technology plays a part in amplifying the violation is key , victim advocates say . The images can , in no time , make the international rounds online . "  I think there 's a fear among people that you could have an ` upskirt ' photo taken of you and never realize it , " said Emily May , executive director of ihollaback.org , a website that encourages women to share their stories and cell phone photos of harassers . "  Your crotch could be on the Internet , and you may never know about it . " States -- and victims -- grapple with ` upskirt ' laws against voyeurism	Massachusetts governor signs ban on "  upskirting " Law comes in response to high court ruling saying "  upskirting " photos are legal
Prosecutors could have never won a trial to convict Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of Michael Brown and the grand jury 's decision not to indict Wilson was the right call , former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Tuesday . "  I believe it was a correct verdict . In fact , I think it was the only verdict the grand jury could reach , " Giuliani told CNN 's New Day . Giuliani , who also served six years as a U.S. attorney , said the case against Wilson failed the two tests that should be considered in weighing an indictment : whether there is probable cause and whether a prosecutor could clinch a conviction . The one-time Republican presidential candidate said he does n't "  think there 's any question they did n't have probable cause " and said the prosecution "  could never have won this case . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson "  They would 've been destroyed at trial by a halfway competent defense lawyer because of all the inconsistencies , " he said . "  If you ca n't prove probable cause , how are you going to prove it beyond a reasonable doubt when the witnesses are contradicting themselves ? " Giuliani has been a vocal critic of the coverage of the situation in Ferguson , saying over the weekend on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " that what happened to Michael Brown does not exemplify a larger national problem . RELATED : Ferguson an exception as ' 93 % of blacks are killed by other blacks , ' Giuliani says Several of the witnesses in the case gave conflicting versions of the altercation between Brown and Wilson that either contradicted the physical evidence or their own previous statements , St. Louis County Prosecutor Robert McCulloh said at a press conference Monday night . Giuliani added that law enforcement officials should have responded more directly and forcefully to protests that turned violent Monday night . "  You have every right to protest , you have every right to scream , you have every right to yell . The first time you throw something at a police officer , you get handcuffed arrested and taken away , " Giuliani said . He added that he would have doubled or tripled the police presence in Ferguson . RELATED : Congressional Black Caucus channels Ferguson ` slap in the face '	Former Mayor Rudy Giuliani said the Ferguson grand jury decision reached the ` correct verdict ' The former mayor of New York City said the case against Darren Wilson failed two tests Giuliani was speaking Tuesday morning with CNN 's New Day
CNN  -- Americans Elinor Ostrom and Oliver Williamson won the Nobel Prize for economics for work on how community institutions can prevent conflict , the Nobel Committee announced Monday . U.S. professors Elinor Ostrom and Oliver Williamson are joint recipients of the Nobel Prize for economics . Ostrom becomes the first woman to win the prize in its 40-year history . The award was a "  great surprise ... I 'm still a little bit in shock , " she said by phone at the news conference announcing the prize . Ostrom , a professor of political science at Indiana University , was praised "  for her analysis of economic governance , especially the commons . " Ostrom 's work shows that local communities often manage common resources -- such as woods , lakes and fish stocks -- better on their own than when outside authorities impose rules , the committee said . "  Bureaucrats sometimes do not have the correct information , while citizens and users of resources do , " she said to explain the significance of her work . The committee highlighted her research on a dam in Nepal as an example , saying her research has moved analysis of nonmarket institutions "  from the fringe of economic analysis to the very center . " Ostrom said she had not yet thought about what she would do with her half of the $ 1.4 million prize . Williamson , a professor in the graduate school at the University of California , Berkeley , was cited "  for his analysis of economic governance , especially the boundaries of the firm . " Williamson 's work examines why large corporations tend to arise -- and why they do not -- based on the cost and complexity of transactions , according to the Nobel committee . "  He has taught us to regard markets , firms , associations , agencies and even households from the perspective of their contribution to the resolution of conflict , " the panel said . Forbes magazine said , "  He authored ` The Economic Institutions of Capitalism ' in 1975 , a landmark text of the ` new institutional economics ' movement that challenged the idea of firms as simple profit-making machines . He focused on the contracts and transactions that could explain the structure and boundaries of companies . " Williamson did not speak at the announcement ceremony . "  At some fundamental level , they are really both addressing the fundamental issue of how we create human cooperation through the design of appropriate institutions , " committee member Tore Ellingsen said . "  They want to understand nonmarket institutions . ... Both laureates look at such institutions very much as conflict-resolution mechanisms , " he said . While the two professors ' work has much in common at an "  abstract level , " their methods are different , Ellingsen said . Ostrom works from case studies to derive general patterns , while Williamson uses theoretical reasoning . The global financial crisis did not affect the committee 's deliberations "  that much , " committee member Beril Holmlund said , noting that Nobel prizes "  tend not to be for work done last year . " The Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences was established in 1968 by the Central Bank of Sweden in memory of Alfred Nobel . It is given by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences , which since 1901 has been awarding Nobel Prizes for achievements in physics , chemistry , physiology or medicine , literature and for peace . CNN 's Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	U.S. professors Elinor Ostrom and Oliver Williamson win Nobel Prize for economics Ostrom becomes the first woman to win the prize in its 40-year history Nobel panel : Winners ' work focuses on how community institutions can stop conflict
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- A fight between a technology titan and the world 's fastest-growing economy . Trade war tensions rising between Beijing and Washington , as U.S. legislators howl about unfair Chinese business practices and the Chinese media assail American arrogance . No , it 's not the current battle between Google and China -- but the fight between Microsoft and Beijing in March 1994 . "  The situation then could not have been worse ... it was dire , " recalled Jia-Bin Duh , who in March 1994 -- on his second day on the job as president of Microsoft China -- met his new boss , Bill Gates , off a plane in Beijing for a series of icy meetings with the Chinese leadership . An examination of that fight sheds some light on why Microsoft is staying in China even as it takes increasing heat from the U.S. Congress for not following Google 's lead out of China . Google announced last week it would quit censoring its China page and instead redirect users to its uncensored Hong Kong search engine . As a result , several Chinese companies have quit offering Google Search . The move received bipartisan praise from U.S. congressmen -- and some scorn toward Microsoft for not following suit with its search engine , Bing . Congress slams China and Microsoft , praises Google "  They -LSB- Microsoft -RSB- need to get on the right side of human rights rather than enabling tyranny , which they 're doing right now , " said Rep. Chris Smith , a Republican from New Jersey , in a congressional hearing on Wednesday . Microsoft issued a statement , saying it would work with the Chinese government to foster a more open Internet -- but it would not leave . Perhaps because of its own thorny fight with China more than a decade ago . Sixteen years to the day before Google 's March 22 announcement on leaving China , Microsoft Chairman Gates was in Beijing preparing to meet then-China President Jiang Zemin . That trip came as rancor between the U.S. and China -- and Microsoft -- was high over piracy , intellectual property rights and Beijing 's fight for the renewal of its most-favored trade status with Washington , which was then under threat by the Clinton administration For Microsoft , the trip was part of a full-court press to allow Microsoft to license a Chinese version of DOS and Windows for sale in the country . Beijing resisted , favoring local companies to provide software for the nation 's nascent computer industry . In news stories from the trip , Gates is widely quoted upbraiding China for not letting market forces decide which software should be on China 's computers . But behind closed doors in Beijing , it was Gates who was being lectured . "  It was not so pleasant , " recalled Duh , a Taiwan-born technology executive who was recruited away from HP China to be on hand when Gates met Chinese government officials . Microsoft was told it did n't appreciate the strides China was making to try to curb piracy and develop its intellectual property rights law . They were told "  China is a country with a long history -- everything has to go through several stages of development , " said Duh , who left Microsoft in 1998 to head Cisco Systems China . He is now a Taipei-based venture capitalist . "  If you want to have a successful business here , you have to be patient , " they were told . In China , Bing 's turn to show some spine Microsoft began a long march of rapprochement with China . Eighteen months after his chilly reception in Beijing , Gates returned as part of a planned charm offensive for a causal 17-day tour of the country . This time , he brought a friend along for the ride -- Warren Buffett . With Jia as a tour guide , the trio met with President Jiang to get advice on where to visit and met Chinese industry leaders throughout the trip . Duh hesitates to call the trip a turning point in relations with Beijing , but it showed Microsoft 's top executive was willing to put in the footwork on what is considered key for foreign businesses to succeed in China -- building personal relationships . That is why foreign Internet companies such as Google have largely failed to penetrate the Chinese market , said Edward Yu , an analyst for Analysis International in Beijing . China 's Internet titans leave West behind "  How  foreign companies  structure their partnerships and how they build relationships is crucially important , " he said . "  Companies like Google or Yahoo are still comparatively young compared to an HP or a Microsoft , who have been in the China market for many more years and are more mature in their approach . "  They may grow fast in their home market , but foreign Internet firms are too young to understand the China market , " Yu added . Indeed , Gates seems to have taken the "  long view " advice from Jiang to heart , as he reversed his stance on the issue central to its thorny start with China : Piracy . "  It 's easier for our software to compete with Linux when there 's piracy than when there 's not , " Gates told Fortune magazine in 2007 . The shift in thinking seemed to be : Better to have the long-tail profits down the road with users dependent on Microsoft software , even if it 's pirated . That has paid off for Microsoft . A Reuters report said Microsoft 's Chinese version of Windows sold fewer than 3,000 copies in February 1994 , the month before Gates made his first journey to China . In 2007 , Forbes estimates Microsoft revenue from China topped $ 700 million . Gates told the magazine he anticipated China -- which is now the world 's second largest computer market -- would be Microsoft 's top market by 2017 . Moreover , the company 's China operations have become an integral part of the company as a whole . The company 's total operations in China are the largest in any country outside the United States . Microsoft opened its first research center in the country in 1998 , and now has campuses in Beijing , Shanghai and Shenzhen . In 2008 the company announced plans to invest an additional $ 1 billion in Chinese research and more than double staff to 3000 in the next few years . "  I think we feel good enough now  about Microsoft in China  . But it is a 20-year  journey  and not just three years  like for Google  , " Craig Mundie , chief research and strategy officer of Microsoft , told the China Daily in a March 18 article .	The battle between Google and China parallels a 1994 fight involving Microsoft Sixteen years to the day of Google 's China pullout , Bill Gates was in Beijing In the intervening years , China has become integral to Microsoft 's global business plan
London , England  CNN  -- Formula 1 will continue to take place in Britain for the next 17 years after a deal was struck between Silverstone 's owners and the sport 's chief Bernie Ecclestone . Monday 's announcement by the track 's owners means the oldest venue on the F1 calendar keeps its place . Silverstone 's comeback took place despite rival track Donington Park being awarded the contract to host the British Grand Prix from 2010 . However , that circuit lost out after failing to secure the $ 200 million needed to fund redevelopment plans . That had led to fears Ecclestone would look to move the race abroad . Silverstone managing director Richard Phillips told the Press Association : "  We 've always had five-year deals and never been able to get the investment we needed to redevelop . "  But 17 years gives us the ability to invest and move forward . We 've always had the belief the British Grand Prix was an important cornerstone of Formula One but , with Bernie , you 're never quite sure . Phillips described the deal as "  peace in our time " between the circuit 's owners , the British Racing Drivers Club  BRDC  , and Ecclestone . "  The relationship with Formula One Management has been improving , " added Phillips . "  There 's a good working relationship with him now and we do n't have any issues . " Applauding the negotiating team , BRDC president and 1996 F1 world champion Damon Hill told the Press Association : "  It 's not easy to enter into an agreement of this magnitude . It 's a big commitment . "  But the BRDC felt we wanted this relationship to continue , and we were prepared to back the negotiating team , with the level of risk satisfactory for the deal to go ahead . "  This announcement is tremendous news . It really does cement Silverstone as a motor sport venue and is incredibly satisfying for the BRDC to cement its relationship with F1 . "	Formula 1 will continue in Britain after deal between Silverstone and sport 's chief Bernie Ecclestone Announcement by the track 's owners means the oldest race on the F1 calendar keeps its place Donington was to host British Grand Prix from 2010 but failed to secure $ 200 million for redevelopment
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Search-and-rescue efforts at a supermarket in Haiti 's capital have ended after teams determined no one else was alive beneath the rubble , an official told CNN Wednesday . A French excavation team was working at the Caribbean Supermarket on Tuesday . Several Haitians had been in the building at the time , looking for survivors or useful items . At least one of these foragers became trapped in the rubble . While the French team was trying to rescue that person , their excavation machine , which resembles a bulldozer , tipped into a hole and caused a further collapse , said Lt. Col. Christophe Renou of French Civil Protection . The French team called in U.S. and Mexican teams to help with the rescue . The U.S. team brought more radar and lifting devices to try to extract the known survivor and reach any others , said Norman Skjelbreia , an incident commander from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers . But at 11 p.m. Tuesday , the teams determined there was no one else alive under the rubble , and they called off the rescue mission , Renou told CNN Wednesday . He said information gathered from radar and listening equipment detected no signs of life . The rescue was an extremely dangerous one , he said , with pieces of concrete shifting . At one point , he said , a female Mexican rescue worker was trapped under the rubble and teams had to work to save her life . It was decided that the safety of the search-and-rescue teams was more important than the search to retrieve bodies from the precarious collapsed building , Renou said . More than 212,000 people died in the January 12 earthquake , Haitian officials said . Caribbean Supermarket was the scene of a number of rescues after the earthquake , including the rescue of five people in one weekend . Rescuers pulled an apparent survivor of the original quake , Evan Muncie , 28 , from the rubble of another market on Monday . Doctors found him suffering from extreme dehydration and malnutrition , but without significant crushing injuries . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek contributed to this report .	French team had been trying to rescue a person Tuesday when secondary collapse occurred U.S. , Mexican teams brought in to help with more radar , lifting devices By 11 p.m. Tuesday , teams determined no one else alive under rubble
CNN Student News  -- Students will learn about the risks associated with taking anabolic steroids and human growth hormone to improve athletic performance . Procedure Ask students : What are performance-enhancing drugs ? Do you think that American culture encourages performance-enhancing supplement and drug use among athletes ? Explain . Following the discussion , have students work in groups to learn more about anabolic steroids and human growth hormone  HGH  . Pose the following questions to guide students ' research : After each group shares its findings , have students combine and edit their information into a brochure on the dangers of anabolic steroid and HGH use , and offer the brochure to your school 's coaches as a reference for their athletes . Correlated Standards Standards and Benchmarks for K-12 Education Health Standard 9 : Understands aspects of substance use and abuse Level III  Grade 6-8 3 . Knows the short - and long-term consequences of the use of alcohol , tobacco , and other drugs  e.g. , physical consequences such as shortness of breath , cirrhosis , lung cancer , emphysema ; psychological consequences such as low self-esteem , paranoia , depression , apathy ; social consequences such as crime , domestic violence , loss of friends 4 . Knows public policy approaches to substance abuse control and prevention  e.g. , pricing and taxation , warning labels , regulation of advertising , restriction of alcohol consumption at sporting events Level IV  Grade 9-12 2 . Knows how the abuse of alcohol , tobacco , and other drugs often plays a role in dangerous behavior and can have adverse consequences on the community  e.g. , house fires , motor vehicle crashes , domestic violence , date rape , transmission of diseases through needle sharing or sexual activity 3 . Understands that alcohol , tobacco , and other drug dependencies are treatable diseases/conditions Content Knowledge : A Compendium of Standards and Benchmarks for K-12 Education  3rd ed .  by Kendall , J. S. , & Marzano , R. J.  2000  is published online by Mid-continent Research for Education and Learning  McREL   http://www.mcrel.org/standards-benchmarks/  . Keywords steroids , human growth hormone , performance-enhancing drugs E-mail to a friend	Students will examine the risks associated with using steroids and HGH to improve athletic performance
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has identified bacterial and fungal growth in unopened vials of a steroid injection from a Tennessee pharmacy under investigation for links to reported infections . Main Street Family Pharmacy of Newbern , Tennessee , issued a voluntary recall nationwide of all lots of sterile products that the pharmacy compounds on May 28 . Products with a use by date on or before November 20 , 2013 , are subject to the recall . What is a compounding pharmacy ? The steroid in question is preservative-free methylprednisolone acetate . Samples from two separate batches were found to have microbial growth in them , the FDA said . "  At this point in FDA 's investigation , the sterility of all sterile products produced by Main Street is of significant concern and the products should not be used , " the FDA said . As of Thursday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported 24 cases of infection from four states -- Arkansas , Florida , Illinois and North Carolina . Most of these people developed skin and soft tissue infections after receiving the intramuscular injection of the steroid . The FDA is not aware of any cases of meningitis linked to the steroid injections from the Main Street Family Pharmacy . A fungal meningitis outbreak last year was linked to methylprednisolone acetate from a compounding pharmacy in Massachusetts . Other samples of this steroid and other products from Main Street are still being evaluated , the FDA said . The CDC is working with the FDA to identify which fungus and bacteria were detected in the vials . The Tennessee Department of Health said May 24 that the pharmacy "  is currently on probation as a result of a recent inspection . " The Tennessee Board of Pharmacy licensed the compounding pharmacy in 1985 , the state health agency said . It was licensed as a manufacturer/wholesaler/distributor in 2010 . "  Health officials believe , in reviewing preliminary information about when the material could have been appropriately used , there is not an ongoing risk to those now needing treatments , " the Tennessee health agency said . Methylprednisolone acetate is an injectable form of a popular steroid medication and is used to treat inflammation throughout the body . It 's most commonly used to treat arthritic joint pain but can also be used for other conditions such as allergic reactions , sports-related injuries , immune system disorders , certain cancers and other types of inflammatory diseases . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Matt Sloane contributed to this report .	The CDC reports 24 cases of infection from four states The steroid in question is preservative-free methylprednisolone acetate The FDA and CDC are evaluating samples of this steroid and other products
CNN  -- "  Playing doctor " and "  I 'll show you mine if you show me yours " are common rites of passage in childhood sexual behavior , according to the experts . If so , did actor and screenwriter Lena Dunham do anything wrong when , at age 7 , she peered between her 1-year-old sister 's legs and spread her vagina to see if it looked like hers ? What about when she tried to bribe her younger sister with candy for kisses -- behavior she likened to that of a "  sexual predator " -- or when she touched herself while the two girls shared a bed ? The Internet has been pondering these questions since National Review correspondent Kevin Williamson accused Dunham of sexually abusing her sister as a child . He based his argument on passages in Dunham 's memoir , "  Not That Kind of Girl , " including ones in which the author describes the episodes above . Williamson , a known provocateur who once argued that women who had abortions should be hanged , pinned much of the blame on Dunham 's parents -- whom he called "  self-styled radicals " who failed to enforce "  even the most lax of boundaries . " He accused them of enabling behavior "  that would be considered child abuse " in some places . Low blow or not , Williamson 's allegations prompted the question : When does childhood curiosity cross the line into inappropriate , abusive behavior ? Warning signs ? The resulting flurry of tweets , op-eds and blog posts about Dunham 's behavior would have you believe it 's a black and white issue . While columnists debate whether the "  Girls " creator and star should be stripped of her feminist credentials , and Twitter activists urge HBO and Planned Parenthood to #DumpDunham , experts say the truth is more complicated because we do n't know every detail of the sisters ' relationship . What matters more than what Williamson and others make of their childhood relationship is how Dunham 's sister , Grace , responded to the events as a child , how their parents addressed them in the moment , and how they continue to affect the younger sibling , now 22 . There 's no way to know any of that for sure -- even in her book , as Williamson points out , Dunham claims to be an "  unreliable narrator . " But experts say the most useful takeaway for parents is the importance of reinforcing from an early age their kids ' right to privacy along with bodily respect for others . Though the Dunham sisters ' age difference of six years could raise red flags , experts say the absence of evidence of a pattern of coercion or use of force make the instances cited in Williamson 's article , "  Pathetic Privilege , " seem less troubling than he made them out to be . At the very least , it 's not the kind of behavior that warrants branding a pre-pubescent Lena Dunham a child abuser . Nor does it mean that such behavior , even if age appropriate , wo n't have adverse affects on those involved . "  Parents need to recognize that many children will engage in sexual exploration with siblings or friends of their own age or younger . Although these behaviors can be of concern , it is important to understand that they may not , in itself , indicate a tendency toward sexual aggression or abuse , " said New York psychotherapist Lisa Brateman , who counsels couples and families .  Neither she nor the other medical professionals quoted in this story have treated the Dunhams . "  It can be difficult to tell the difference between age appropriate sexual exploration and warning signs of harmful behavior , " Brateman said . "  Therefore it is imperative to teach your children what is appropriate behavior . " Sexual self-awareness Appropriate behavior depends on age , changing as children learn society 's rules and develop self-control . Very young children are naturally immodest , It 's natural for them to express curiosity about bodies by touching themselves and others in public , or asking about the differences between girls and boys . As children get older and their awareness of acceptable behavior increases , they become more modest and seek out privacy while becoming more curious about adult sexual behavior , especially in puberty . For more information about age-appropriate behavior , check out the National Child Traumatic Stress Network 's guidelines for parents on sexual development and behavior in children Such behavior poses a risk when it is clearly beyond a child 's developmental stage , like a 4-year-old attempting sexual penetration , said sociologist David Finkelhor , Director of the University of New Hampshire 's Crimes against Children Research Center . Parents should also look out for patterns of aggression , physical force or coercion at any age , such as preoccupations with touching breasts or public exposure , especially if the behavior continues with age . What matters most in these circumstances is how parents address these transgressions , without shaming children or making them feel guilty , he said . The act is bad , not the child . "  When children do n't have answers to questions on their minds , that 's when they 'll take matters into their own hands , " he said . "  It 's important to have these conversations early in childhood , and often . " Parental action Lena Dunham released a statement Monday saying she was dismayed by the interpretations of her book and that her sister had approved of everything published about her . Grace Dunham did not respond to CNN 's request for comment , although she said on Twitter , "  I 'm committed to people narrating their own experiences , determining for themselves what has and has not been harmful . " Many critics cited the age difference between the sisters as evidence of Lena Dunham 's inherently abusive behavior , a valid argument because research shows that the age differential matters . As a rule of thumb , if there 's more than five years between children there 's a "  fairly reasonable likelihood " that the older child has more power than the younger one , said Florida clinical psychologist Steve Gold , Director of the Trauma Resolution Integration Program at Nova Southeastern University 's Psychology Services Center . That power differential could be used to manipulate or coerce the younger person into unwanted activity , which crosses the line into dangerous territory , he said . It 's hard to know what 's going on , though , unless a child feels comfortable bringing their concerns to an adult -- again , emphasizing the importance of open communication . "  Ultimately the deciding factor is to sit down with the younger child and get a sense of whether they feel they 're being pressured , uncomfortable or coerced ; and , to do it in way that makes clear to the child they 're not at fault , " said Gold , whose research focuses on adult victims of childhood sexual abuse . "  It 's important when a child does step forward that adults are prepared to listen carefully and not to assume that they 're lying or making it up and listen closely and take the child seriously , and be prepared to take effective action to see to that it stops , " he said . "  Right now , we 're teaching children to tell someone , but basically putting the responsibility on the child to make it stop and that can be damaging if  we 're  not teaching adults the importance of taking decisive action , " he said .	Experts : Lena Dunham controversy could be teachable moment for parents Dunham describes touching her younger sister 's vagina as girls Some critics have accused the actress of sexual abuse When does childhood curiosity become inappropriate behavior ?
CNN  -- Navy police shot one sailor in the gut and took another into custody early Saturday after their vehicle smashed into two police cruisers following a chase at San Diego 's naval base , a military spokesman said . The wounded sailor is in stable condition at the University of California San Diego Medical Center after undergoing surgery , said Brian O'Rourke , the Navy 's public affairs officer for the southwest region . The other sailor was uninjured . No charges have been filed against either the driver , who was shot , or his passenger . O'Rourke said that they had been stopped around 1:30 a.m. at a gate outside the San Diego Naval Base on strong suspicions of drunken driving . A gate guard then called for assistance from Navy police units . But before a Breathalyzer could be given , the driver sped inside the base and was soon pursued by military police . The sailors tried to go through another gate , which had been shut down according to protocol , but instead slammed into the security vehicles , O'Rourke said . The passenger then got out of the car , but the driver continued . Naval police officers then opened fire , eventually hitting that sailor in the abdomen . In a statement , the Navy said its police decided to use "  deadly force " after determining "  the driver represented a threat to the lives of officers . " The passenger is being held on base , the biggest on the West Coast and home to 59 ported ships and thousands of sailors . O'Rourke said police and others at the base just finished a week of security training , preparing them for an incident like this . Formal charges -- which have not yet been specified -- are likely to be filed Monday against the car 's driver and possibly its passenger , the spokesman said .	A Navy sailor had surgery and is stable at a hospital after being shot in the abdomen After being stopped , the sailor drove onto the base and hit two cruisers , a spokesman says A passenger in the car , who was not injured , is in Navy police custody The spokesman says the car was stopped on strong suspicions of drunken driving
CNN  -- Michigan authorities are investigating whether foul play led to the death of a 9-year-old quadriplegic girl whose body was found inside a public storage facility . Shylea Thomas , 9 , of Flint , Michigan , was quadriplegic and used a feeding tube . "  This is a very sad and tragic case that hurts all of us involved in the ongoing investigation , " Genesee County prosecutor David Leyton said at a news conference Wednesday . Shylea Myza Thomas of Flint , Michigan , had n't been seen in six weeks , and relatives reported her missing Tuesday , Leyton 's office said . Her adoptive mother , who is also her aunt , is in custody as a suspect , special assistant prosecuting attorney John Potbury told CNN . No charges have been filed pending the results of the autopsy , he said . Because of her physical disabilities , Shylea used a feeding tube . She suffered from quadriplegia because of a "  suffocation issue " in her crib at 3 weeks of age , Leyton said . On Wednesday , Flint police found her body stuffed inside a garbage bag in a public storage facility in Vienna Township , near Flint , Leyton said . The bag was covered in mothballs "  in an apparent attempt to mask odors from the dead body , " his office said in a news release . "  For her to have to live like that , and then to die and be stuffed into a bag and plastic bin in a storage facility , just breaks my heart , " the prosecutor said . CNN affiliate WJRT reported that the suspect could face charges including murder , first-degree child abuse and welfare fraud . The station also reported that investigators are trying to determine why the girl 's disappearance was n't reported until six weeks after she went missing . Relatives told WJRT that they remember Shylea as a happy child , who loved music and whose smile was infectious . Watch a family in shock " "  The last memory I actually have of Shylea is seeing her when she was in my care , " said her second cousin , Josette Thomas . "  She was on the bed listening to the radio and smiling . Those are actually the memories I want to keep in my head . I do n't want that memory to leave me . "	NEW : Child 's adoptive mother is in custody as a suspect , official says Relatives told police they had n't seen Shylea Thomas in weeks Child had "  suffocation issue " in crib at 3 weeks of age , was quadriplegic Body was found stuffed in trash bag , covered with mothballs
London  CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth II pledged to rededicate herself to the service of her people Tuesday , as she addressed both houses of Parliament as part of celebrations of her Diamond Jubilee , or 60 years on the throne . Dignitaries including present and former government leaders gathered for the speech in Westminster Hall , in London , in which the Queen reflected on the landmark . "  We are reminded here of our past , of the continuity of our national story and the virtues of resilience , ingenuity and tolerance which created it , " she said . "  I have been privileged to witness some of that history and , with the support of my family , rededicate myself to the service of our great country and its people now and in the years to come . " She was presented with a stained-glass window specially commissioned by members of the House of Lords and House of Commons to commemorate the occasion . Made up of 1,500 pieces of glass , it was paid for by personal contributions from the lawmakers and peers and will be on permanent display in the grand environs of Westminster Hall . Queen Elizabeth commented that she is the second British monarch to mark 60 years on the throne , with Queen Victoria the first to do so in 1897 . "  So , in an era when the regular , worthy rhythm of life is less eye-catching than doing something extraordinary , I am reassured that I am merely the second sovereign to celebrate a Diamond Jubilee , " she said . Queen Elizabeth previously addressed both houses of Parliament when she celebrated her Silver and Golden Jubilees , in 1977 and 2002 respectively . She also opens the new session of Parliament each year . Addressing the packed hall , the British monarch recognized the "  remarkable courage and sacrifice " of the armed forces , and the many people who serve the public good by volunteering . During her many years on the throne , the support of her own family had been "  beyond measure , " she said . She paid special tribute to the contribution of her husband , Prince Philip , who accompanies her on many of her official visits and suffered a health scare at the end of last year . "  Prince Philip is , I believe , well-known for declining compliments of any kind . But throughout he has been a constant strength and guide , " she said . She also praised the efforts of the younger generations of royals and commented on the family 's "  close affinity " with the Commonwealth nations , which together encompass about a third of the world 's population . "  My own association with the Commonwealth has taught me that the most important contact between nations is usually contact between its peoples , " she said . Prince Harry , the 27-year-old son of Prince Charles and the late Princess Diana , traveled through the Caribbean and Brazil earlier this month on a 10-day tour to mark his grandmother 's Diamond Jubilee . Celebrations marking six decades on the throne for Queen Elizabeth II officially began last month and continue through June , when London will mark the anniversary of her coronation with festivities including up to 1,000 boats sailing up the River Thames . Though the 85-year-old monarch has no real political power , she is officially the head of state for the Commonwealth of Nations , an association of 16 countries that used to be part of the British Empire . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Queen Elizabeth II praises her people 's "  virtues of resilience , ingenuity and tolerance " She spoke to both houses of Parliament as she marks 60 years on the throne A stained glass window was presented to the monarch by Parliament The Diamond Jubilee celebrations will culminate in June
December 9 , 2013 As South Africa holds a national day of prayer , CNN Student News shows how Nelson Mandela is being honored around the globe . We also report on the latest U.S. unemployment statistics , and we hear about the end of an ordeal involving an American detained in North Korea . Plus , we examine why companies compete to be involved with the World Cup . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What are some elements you could include in a video retrospective about someone 's life ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Nelson Mandela 2 . unemployment rate 3 . World Cup Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is the current U.S. unemployment rate ? Why is it significant ? How many Americans are still unemployed ? 2 . What U.S. regions have recently experienced severe winter weather ? 3 . What country recently released American Merrill Newman after detaining him ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you know about Nelson Mandela 's life ? What do you think will be his legacy ? 2 . What do you think is next for American Merrill Newman , following his release from North Korea ? Why do you think Westerners travel to North Korea ? Do you think the detainment of some Americans will have an impact on this ? Explain . 3 . What do you think might be the benefits and drawbacks of being an official sponsor of the FIFA World Cup ? Why do you think some companies want to use World Cup sponsorships to attract young people to products ? Do you think marketing products to young people through the World Cup is effective ? Why or why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : AfricaSouth Africa South AmericaBrazil FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
English celebrity publicist Max Clifford was sentenced in a London court Friday to eight years in prison for a series of indecent assaults on teenage girls , Britain 's Press Association reported . The sentence came four days after Clifford , 71 , was convicted in connection with Operation Yewtree , an investigation set up after numerous allegations against late British TV presenter Jimmy Savile and others . Clifford was part of the investigation that focused on accusations not directly connected to Savile . Clifford was convicted Monday of eight indecent assaults against young victims -- one as young as 15 -- and cleared of two charges . A jury could not reach a verdict on one other . He denied all 11 claims of sex abuse between 1966 and 1985 , calling his arrest and prosecution "  a nightmare " and declaring his innocence . Clifford was arrested in December 2012 and charged in April 2013 with suspicion of sex offenses after a TV documentary that aired in October 2012 . In the documentary , which came out a year after Savile died at age 84 , several people came forward alleging Savile abused them . That unleashed a flood of further allegations against Savile , who before that was seen primarily as an eccentric but charismatic man who raised millions of pounds for charity . Clifford is Britain 's most famous celebrity PR consultant , renowned for his decades-long expertise in "  kiss-and-tell " clients connected to English Premier League footballers and the world of pop and showbiz . Clifford also has represented several controversial celebrities , including O.J. Simpson , Frank Sinatra and Simon Cowell .	Max Clifford is found guilty of indecent assaults on teenage girls He was convicted after allegations against TV presenter Jimmy Savile were investigated He was convicted of eight assaults , cleared of two ; jury did n't reach verdict on 11th case Clifford , who denies the claims , has called his arrest and prosecution "  a nightmare "
Mexico City  CNN  -- Five gang members have confessed to involvement in last week 's torching of a casino in Monterrey in which 52 people were killed , Nuevo Leon Gov. Rodrigo Medina de la Cruz told reporters Monday . The five are members of Los Zetas and carried out the attack because the owners of the casino had not complied with their extortion demands , Medina de la Cruz said , according to the state-run Notimex News Agency . The State Agency of Investigations identified the suspects as Luis Carlos Carrazco Espinosa , 25 ; Javier Alonso Martinez Morales , alias "  el Javo , " 37 , from Monterrey ; Jonathan Jahir Reyna Gutierrez , 18 ; Juan Angel Leal Flores , 20 ; and Julio Tadeo Berrones , 28 , alias "  El Julio Rayas . " The five have been arrested and "  have confessed , and we have scientific proof that these people participated , " Medina de la Cruz said . The attorney general 's office said evidence points to involvement by all five men , "  some as intellectual authors , others as accomplices and lookouts , others as material authors , others as drivers . " "  Presumably , there was a disagreement and this crime was perpetrated as a reprisal , " Medina de la Cruz said . At least two other people were being sought for alleged participation in the killings , he said , adding that he would not reveal details that might jeopardize the investigation . The attack appears to have been directed at the casino and not at city residents , "  and the situation got out of the criminals ' control . " "  They may not have counted on killing 52 human beings , " he said . Medina de la Cruz , who was accompanied at the news conference by Nuevo Leon Attorney General Leon Adrian de la Garza , and the state 's security spokesman , Jorge Domene , underscored that the investigation into the casino properties is continuing . The governor presented a video that he said showed two vehicles that participated in the attack , with people putting gasoline in tanks later used at the casino . He added that a fingerprint taken from one of the cars led investigators to one of the suspects and , from him , to the others , who have criminal records that include homicide and kidnapping , among other offences . He called for any witnesses who may recognize the suspects to contact authorities . Mexico 's Attorney General 's Office had offered a 30-million peso  $ 2.4 million  reward for information leading to the capture of the men they suspect were behind Thursday afternoon 's attack in the affluent city . The ambush left a charred shell of a building where the high-end casino had stood . Photos of the scene at the Casino Royale showed singed slot machines . A video released by Mexican authorities showed armed men bursting into the casino carrying what appeared to be gallons of gasoline . Seconds later , dozens of people fled as smoke and fire engulfed the building . On Saturday , 300 soldiers from the Mexican Army and Air Force boarded planes in the nation 's capital , bound for Monterrey as part of President Felipe Calderon 's plan to help local authorities fight drug trafficking and organized crime , Mexico 's defense department said . The number of victims in the casino attack drew national attention in a country where headlines routinely describe brutal drug-related violence . "  It is evident that we are not facing common criminals , " Calderon said Friday . "  We are facing true terrorists who have crossed all the limits , not only of the law , but also of common sense and respect for life . " Over the past three years , the state of Nuevo Leon in northeastern Mexico has seen an increase in violence due to clashes between rival gangs -- the Gulf Cartel and The Zetas -- over control of drug-trafficking routes to the United States . Two mayors were assassinated in 2010 . Last month , four civilians were wounded when two grenades were thrown at a prison in Apodaca . Monterrey , the state 's capital , is a key industrial hub and Mexico 's wealthiest city . Since 2008 , the government has stepped up the military 's presence in Nuevo Leon as it tries to crack down on crime . It sent more troops to the state last November . More than 34,600 people have died since Calderon announced a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 , according to government statistics . Other reports have listed higher tolls . The latest Mexican government tally was released in January . CNN en Espanol 's Krupskaia Alis and journalists Javier Estrada , Mauricio Torres and Victor Badillo contributed to this report .	All five have confessed to involvement in the arson , the governor says The fire killed 52 people Attorney general says the suspects are members of the criminal gang Los Zetas "  We have scientific proof " of their participation , the governor says
Buenos Aires  CNN  The scandal enmeshing Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner already had a plot as twisted as a Machiavelli novel . But this week , it contorted again , when the country 's former spy chief disappeared . Horacio Antonio Stiuso was supposed to testify Thursday about the mysterious death of a special prosecutor , who had leveled scathing accusations at Fernandez . Authorities have not been able to find the ex-director of the Secretary of Intelligence , let alone notify him that he has been called to testify . The intrigue surrounding him , the dead prosecutor and the President dates back to 1994 -- when a car bomb demolished a Jewish center in Buenos Aires , killing 85 people . Special prosecutor Alberto Nisman implicated Iran in the attack , in his nearly 300-page investigation report . Then he accused Fernandez of covering up Tehran 's involvement to sweeten a trade deal . Cash-strapped Argentina would allegedly get Iranian oil in exchange for meat and grain . Shortly after filing his report and one day before he was to testify before lawmakers about his allegations in January , Nisman was found dead in his apartment with a gunshot wound to the head . In his trash can , investigators found a draft warrant for Fernandez 's arrest . The President was quick to call it a suicide but changed her story a few days later . A test found no gunpowder residue on Nisman 's hands , as would have been expected if he had pulled the trigger . Fernandez 's government blamed the intelligence agency for his death , and the President filed a bill for the agency to be dissolved and replaced by the new Federal Intelligence Agency . The Senate took up debate on the bill on Wednesday . Supporters hope to have it on Fernadez 's desk to sign by February 25 . And she pointed the finger at Stiuso , accusing him of feeding Nisman false information and having a hand in his death . Stiuso was using Nisman to discredit her for firing Stiuso last year , she claimed . But Stiuso 's replacement , Oscar Parrilli , reeled him back in -- not as an agent , but as a witness . On Thursday , the director said Fernandez would relieve Stiuso of his pledge of secrecy . "  The President of the nation has given us the directive and now we are going to work on preparing the authorization to relieve Mr. Stiuso of the obligation to keep secrets , " Parrilli said . Though now allowed to testify , Stiuso ca n't been found . Iván Perez Sarmenti reported from Buenos Aires ; and Ben Brumfield from Atlanta . CNN 's Catherine Shoichet , Mariano Castillo , David Fitzpatrick , Drew Griffin and Shasta Darlington contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	The former spy chief was to testify on the death of a special prosecutor The prosecutor accused President Fernandez de Kirchner of covering up terrorism
CNN  -- Red Cross President and CEO Mark W. Everson has stepped down after revelations he was "  engaged in a personal relationship with a subordinate employee , " the organization announced Tuesday . Mark W. Everson says he is leaving his post , effective immediately , for "  personal and family reasons . " The Red Cross Board of Governors asked for and received Everson 's resignation after it "  concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on Mr. Everson 's part and diminished his ability to lead the organization in the future , " the Red Cross said in a statement on its Web site . Everson , 53 , said in a written statement that he was leaving the $ 500,000-per-year job "  for personal and family reasons , and deeply regret it is impossible for me to continue in a job so recently undertaken . " Everson -- who is married and has two children -- joined the Red Cross as president and CEO last May . The organization became aware of Everson 's relationship with a female Red Cross employee 10 days ago , Chief Public Affairs Officer Suzy C. DeFrancis told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I think the board acted very quickly , " she said , adding that the woman remains in her job . About Everson , DeFrancis said , "  We 're grateful for his service . " The board of governors on Tuesday appointed Mary S. Elcano , general counsel and five-year Red Cross employee , as interim president and CEO . Everson had worked in the Bush administration from August 2001 -- including serving as commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service -- until he was hired by the Red Cross . "  This is flabbergasting , that 's all I can say . It 's completely contrary to his public persona that he evidenced while he was at the IRS , " said Suzanne Ross McDowell , a Washington-based attorney who served on an advisory committee to the IRS division that deals with tax-exempt organizations . "  From the standpoint of exempt organizations on the non-profit sector , it 's just another news story that we would rather not see , " she said . "  It 's got nothing to do with the Red Cross , " said Ira Milstein , a New York lawyer specializing in corporate governance who has worked with the organization and was impressed with Everson . "  He was a team player and a good leader . To have him fall off a cliff like this is just sad . " A search committee has been formed to begin the process of finding Everson 's permanent replacement , the organization said . The job has been a challenging one . Marsha J. Evans resigned as president in 2005 , after the Red Cross response to Hurricane Katrina came under fire . Four years earlier , Bernadine Healy quit the post after the organization was criticized for mishandling donations intended for victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks and collecting vast quantities of blood that was not needed and ultimately thrown out . Healy told reporters she "  had no choice " about her resignation . Meanwhile , DeFrancis acknowledged Tuesday that , 14 years after a court ordered the agency to improve its collection of blood , it has yet to meet federal safety and quality-control requirements . E-mail to a friend	Red Cross says it became aware of the relationship 10 days ago Relationship allegedly involves a subordinate female Red Cross employee Board "  concluded that the situation reflected poor judgment on Mr. Everson 's part " Everson : I "  deeply regret it is impossible for me to continue "
Mason heard gunshots while he was outside with classmates , waiting for school to start . Then students were running , and a teacher was lying still on a playground basketball court , hit by gunfire . The 12-year-old wanted to help him , but a vice principal told him to run . So Mason moved toward the building -- and that 's when he saw Jose Reyes , a friend and a Sparks Middle School classmate , with a gun about 10 to 20 feet away . "  I  said  , ` Please do n't shoot me , please do n't shoot me , ' " Mason told CNN in an exclusive interview Thursday from a hospital where he was being treated . "  I looked at him . I saw  the gun  , and he braced it and shot me in the stomach . " Authorities say Mason was the last of three people that Reyes , 12 , shot with a 9 mm handgun Monday morning outside the school . Mason and another wounded student -- the first to be shot -- survived . Math teacher Mike Landsberry , the second to be hit , died . Investigators say Landsberry probably saved lives by walking toward the shooter -- giving others time to flee -- on the basketball court after the first student was shot in the shoulder . Reyes fatally shot himself , police said . Sgt. Greta Woyciehowsky of the Sparks Police Department and Adam Mayberry , a spokesman for the city of Sparks , confirmed Reyes was the shooter . Mason , shot in the abdomen , was able to walk at the hospital Thursday . His mother , Jenifer Davis , said the bullet missed vital parts and exited behind his right hip . "  I 'm ... very lucky I still have him here , " Davis said . Now Mason is left wondering what caused his friend to hurt him and a classmate , and kill a teacher that Mason deeply admired . Slain Nevada teacher Michael Landsberry calmly gave others time to escape The shooting Mason said the incident began when he heard a few gunshots -- he thought they were in the distance -- as children gathered outside the school after 7 a.m. , waiting for the day to begin . At first confused about why schoolmates were running , he saw Landsberry lying wounded on the basketball court . A friend called 911 . Mason and other students wanted to get Landsberry into the school , he said . "  We tried , and one of my vice principals ... said , ` Get in the building , get in the school fast . ' And that 's when I ran to my backpack , and I  eventually  got shot . " Reyes -- a friend Mason had met at the start of the school year -- said nothing as he shot him , Mason recalled . When Mason was shot , he said , he felt a sharp pain in the abdomen and ran from the shooter . He soon saw a security guard , who told him to lie down and put pressure on his wound , Mason said . The shooter Authorities have n't said why they believe Reyes opened fire . Earlier this week , a 13-year-old Sparks Middle School student told CNN that many people speculated that bullying could have played a role Reyes , according to the student , "  was yelling stuff like , ` Why are you laughing at me ? Why are you doing this to me ? ' " during the shooting . Mason said he was n't aware of any bullying . "  I do n't think he was being bullied at all ... because if he was being bullied and I saw it , I would have stuck up for him . I was one of his friends , " Mason said . He said the shooter was nice , but sometimes started arguments with people he disagreed with . "  Anything you 're talking about ,  if  he does n't agree with it , he would start arguing ... with that person about what the person said . I  saw  him doing it a lot at school , " Mason said . Mason said he does n't believe Reyes sought him out or the other wounded student during the shooting . "  We never bullied him . We never  did  anything to " him , he said . "  After he shot me , I thought that he was n't my real friend , " he added . Davis , Mason 's mother , told CNN that she grieves for the shooter 's family . "  They lost their son , their baby , " Davis said . "  They 're 12-year-old boys ... they have no idea what they 're doing . " Teacher was ` good all-around ' guy ` Keep these guns out of kids ' hands ' Reyes took his parents ' handgun to school , a federal law enforcement source said . Sparks Deputy Police Chief Tom Miller said Tuesday that authorities were n't positive where the gun came from , but believe it belonged to the boy 's parents . The Nevada shooting comes almost a year after a gunman killed 26 people at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , igniting a nationwide debate over gun violence and school safety . Since the Newtown shootings last December , proposed school security plans across the country have included arming teachers , adding armed security guards and bringing in bulletproof backpacks and white boards . "  It 's really mainly about educating these kids about what guns can do , and also keeping your guns locked up , " Davis said . "  I own a gun , but I also own a safe it goes in , " she said . "  That 's why my whole thing is : Keep these guns out of kids ' hands . Protect your guns -- that protects your kids . " Teacher slayings hurt view of schools as safe havens Landsberry ` fun to hang around ' Landsberry was an Alabama native who graduated from high school in Reno , next door to Sparks , in 1986 . After a stint in the Marine Corps , he got an education degree from the University of Nevada in Reno . He joined the Air National Guard in 2001 , rising to the rank of master sergeant and serving as a cargo specialist in Kuwait and Afghanistan , the Guard said . A Facebook memorial page for the teacher had more than 10,000 "  likes " by early Tuesday . Thousands more honored him on a "  Rest Easy Mr. Landsberry " page . Mason said Landsberry was never his teacher , but losing him is hard . He would visit Landsberry during lunch "  because he was funny and friendly , and fun to hang around , " he said . "  Students  loved him so much , " Mason said . Davis said she hoped the hospital would release Mason later Thursday or Friday . She said she and her son will have a conversation about when -- and whether -- he will return to the school . "  We 're going to talk about that . ... He would have a lot of support there , " she said . Opinion : After school violence , traumatized teachers need help	Shooter identified Mason , 12 , shot in abdomen outside Sparks Middle School in Nevada on Monday Mason was one of two students injured ; a teacher was killed Mason says he tried to help teacher before he was wounded himself
CNN  -- A polygamist sect member arrested following last year 's raid of a west Texas ranch was sentenced Tuesday to 10 years in prison for sexually assaulting an underage girl , authorities said . Raymond Jessop was found guilty last week of assaulting a girl under 17 , with whom he had entered into a "  spiritual " marriage , said Jerry Strickland , a spokesman for the state attorney general . Jessop also received an $ 8,000 fine , said Sheriff David Doran , of Schleicher County , Texas . The victim in the case was one of 400 children seized from the Yearning for Zion Ranch in Eldorado , Texas , in April 2008 by state child welfare workers . The children were returned after the Texas Supreme Court ruled that the state had no right to remove them and lacked evidence to show that they were in danger of abuse . Jessop belongs to the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . The church -- a 10,000-member offshoot of the mainstream Mormon church -- openly practices polygamy on the ranch , as well as in Arizona and Utah . Critics of the sect say young girls are forced into "  spiritual " marriages with older men and are sexually abused . Sect members have denied any sexual abuse . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Raymond Jessop sentenced to 10 years in prison for sexual assault of teen "  bride " Jessop must also pay $ 8,000 fine Girl was one of hundreds seized after 2008 raid at Texas polygamist ranch
CNN  -- Russia hit back at Prince Charles after reports emerged that the heir to the British throne compared Russian President Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler . According to the Daily Mail newspaper , a woman claims Charles made the offhand comment during a tour Monday of the Canadian Museum of Immigration in Halifax , Nova Scotia . "  I would like to say that if these words were truly spoken , then without a doubt , they do not reflect well on the future British monarch , " Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich said Thursday . The spokesman accused the royal family in general of using the media to smear Russia 's involvement in the Ukraine crisis . "  That 's why we view the use of the Western press by members of the British royal family to spread the propaganda campaign against Russia on a pressing issue -- that is , the situation in Ukraine -- as unacceptable , outrageous and low , " he said . Charles was talking with a 78-year Polish woman who escaped the Nazi Holocaust by sailing to Canada in 1939 -- just before Germany seized the city of Gdansk , the Daily Mail said . "  I had finished showing him the exhibit and talked with him about my own family background and how I came to Canada , " the newspaper quoted Marienne Ferguson as saying . "  The prince then said , ` And now Putin is doing just about the same as Hitler , ' " the newspaper quoted her as saying , referring to Russia 's disputed annexation of Crimea . Ferguson said she agreed with Charles . CNN could not independently confirm the conversation . Representatives for Charles declined to comment . Also , Russia 's deputy ambassador to the United Kingdom is meeting a senior UK Foreign Office official Thursday in London amid the controversy over the reported comments . The Russian Embassy requested the meeting Wednesday . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Russia criticizes British royal family over Prince Charles controversy Charles reportedly compared Vladimir Putin to Hitler A Russian official says the comments reflect poorly on future monarch
CNN  -- Outsider Danedream won Europe 's most prestigious horse race the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamp Sunday in a record time . Danedream gave Germany only their second win in the race to lead an unusual one-two-three for fillies for the first time since 1983 . The 27-1 shot came home five lengths clear of Shareta , whose stablemate and favorite Sarafina never threatened , with Epsom and Irish Oaks winner Snow Fairy in third . Danedream 's time of two minutes 24.49 seconds for the 2,400 m underlined the fast ground at the course in Paris , breaking a record held by Peintre Celebre since 1997 . Her owner breeder Japanese Teruya Yoshida brought the horse for just 9,000 euros  $ 12,000  as a two-year-old , a remarkably small sum for a future Group One winner . Christiane is Head of the field "  I do n't believe it , she 's the best horse I 've ever trained , " Danedream 's trainer Peter Schiergen told AFP . He added : "  She is a small filly with a big , big heart and there 's no better race to win . This is a really big day for German racing . " Jockey Andrasch Starke said : "  I was just dreaming in the last two furlongs , that was a great performance . " She is now set to go to the Breeders Cup in the United States to see if the performance can be repeated . Last year 's winner Workforce was never in the reckoning , appearing not to relish the fast ground and was 12th of the 16-runner field while last year 's runner-up Nakayama Festa was 11th .	German outsider Danedream wins Prx de l' Arc de Triomphe at Longchamps Danedream sets record time for 2,400 m race under jockey Andrasch Starke Trainer Peter Schiergen targets Breeders Cup for three-year-old filly Danedream cost owner only $ 12,000 when brought as two-year-old
Editor 's Note : CNNU is following two student teams from the University of Southern California as they work to improve the quality of life in India . One team , Oral Cancer Awareness , is working to educate locals on the dangers of gutka . Tajdip Sandhu , a biological sciences major from USC , is part of that team . The following is a column he wrote for CNNU about his experience . The views expressed in this article are not necessarily those of CNN or its affiliates . Trash fills a local stream in Hubli , India . CNN  -- Walking through the streets of Hubli , there are a few sights and sounds that one will notice immediately upon entering the city limits : auto-rickshaw horns , bright red dirt and trash . Trash is everywhere in Hubli , on the sides of the roads , in bushes around schools and temples and in the villages surrounding the city . The most prolific offender of the litter ravaging the city is the infamous gutka wrapper . Not only does this small little tobacco pouch pack a potent carcinogenic punch , but also it soils the background of the beautiful Indian environment . In a country that can boast of the majestic scenery of the Himalayas , the beaches of Goa and a man-made wonder of the world in the Taj Mahal , seeing this trash is disappointing . With a powerful force of motivated , educated and patriotic citizens , I am mystified by the paradox of the lack of determination illustrated through the social acceptance of littering . Personally , I feel that to dirty one 's country implies that one lacks true pride in the land in which they were born and raised . I have a moral aversion to throwing trash aside at home in the US , because I am invested in the prosperity of my country . Meet the rest of the students from the Oral Cancer Awareness Team " While in Karnataka , I have had a chance to talk to the Hubli director of the Children 's Movement for Civic Awareness . She informed me that her NGO is actually trying to instill such a sense of national responsibility in its young citizens ranging from water usage and litter to volunteer work . It seems as if the major impetus for ignoring the calls for civic awareness is the age-old mantra , "  everyone is doing it . " When one sees trash thrown on the road around them , with everyone including parents and grandparents performing in concert , one will follow in those footsteps as if it were innocuous . With a population well over one billion , refuting this thought process is difficult at best . The key to address this problem is to target the youth , as the CMCA is doing , in order to break the cycle comfort with trashing India . No society is perfect , but if even a fraction of the youth here could be motivated to buy into the principle that each individual in society can make an impact and has a responsibility to act for the greater good of everyone around them , India would be on the road to an even brighter future . The economy in India , booming with numerous highly-educated workers , can drive the country to certain levels of prosperity , but only the people can launch their homeland into an era of lasting social reform .	Students from University of Southern California go to India to improve quality of life Team teaches locals how to prevent oral cancer , one of top 3 cancers in India Littering a problem for old and young in India , says student Student believes in teaching youth about proper trash disposal
CNN  -- Most Iranians support nuclear inspections , a democratic government and normal relations with the United States , a poll by a U.S.-based organization has found . A majority said President Ahmadinejad has not kept his promise to "  put oil money on the table of the people . " Terror Free Tomorrow found 80 percent of Iranians support full inspections and a guarantee not to develop nuclear weapons in return for aid from other countries . Slightly more than half , however , said they still favor the development of nuclear weapons and think the country would be safer with them . Developing the weapons is considered a "  very important " priority for just 29 percent of those polled . But when presented with an option to give up nuclear weapons development in return for outside aid , only 17 percent still supported nuclear weapons development . The economy is more important to Iranians than developing nuclear weapons . Eighty-eight percent said they want economic improvement to be the government 's top priority . The poll also found 56 percent think President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has failed to keep his campaign promise to "  put oil money on the table of the people themselves . " Additionally , 61 percent of those interviewed "  were willing to tell our pollsters over the phone that they oppose the current Iranian system of government , where the Supreme Leader rules according to religious principles and can not be chosen or replaced by direct vote of the people . " Instead , 79 percent support a democratic system in which leaders are elected through free , direct elections . And while nearly two-thirds support financial assistance for opposition groups such as Hamas and Hezbollah , 55 percent of Iranians support recognizing Israel and Palestine as independent states in exchange for normal relations with the United States . Terror Free Tomorrow , which has prominent Democrats and Republicans on its advisory board , conducted interviews in Farsi with 1,000 Iranians by telephone last month . The sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . "  Face-to-face interviewing in Iran can be difficult for interviewers who risk possible prosecution and imprisonment . The last poll to ask similar controversial questions was conducted in September 2002 by Abbas Abdi inside Iran , who was imprisoned as a result , " Terror Free Tomorrow said in its report on the poll . The group said its interviews , about evenly split between men and women , were "  proportionally distributed according to the population covering all 30 provinces of Iran . " The group 's advisory board includes Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , and the co-chairs of the 9-11 commission , Lee Hamilton , a Democrat , and Tom Kean , a Republican . The group says it was also chosen as a participant in the 2006 Clinton Global Initiative . E-mail to a friend	Poll shows 80 percent of Iranians are in favor of full nuclear inspections The economy is the No. 1 concern for most Iranians , according to poll 79 percent support system in which leaders elected through free , direct elections Terror Free Tomorrow , a U.S.-based group , conducted interviews last month
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- At least four people were killed and about 15 wounded when a car bomb exploded Saturday near Lebanon 's border with Syria , an official said . The incident occurred at about 6 p.m.  11 a.m. ET  near a fuel station at the entrance to the Lebanese town of Hermel , Lebanon 's National News Agency reported . Interior Minister Marwan Charbel told Al-Manar TV that the blast occurred when a suicide bomber driving a Jeep Grand Cherokee detonated the explosives . Charbel called the country 's security situation "  unstable and changing for the worse with every passing day . " Video from the scene showed people running in front of fires blazing in the darkness . Caretaker Prime Minister Najib Mikati denounced the explosion . "  Once again , the hands of treason target a Lebanese region and claim the lives of innocent citizens , " said Mikati , imploring all sides to unite for the sake of the country and its people , NNA reported . The U.S. Embassy in Beirut condemned the bombing . "  We regret that the people of Hermel have once again been subjected to an act of reprehensible terrorism . We urge all parties to exercise restraint and refrain from contributing to the cycle of violence . " CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq in Atlanta and Neda Husseini in Beirut contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. Embassy in Lebanon condemns attack Driver of Jeep detonates bomb , Interior Minister says The blast occurred near Lebanon 's border with Syria Caretaker prime minister pleads for unity
CNN  -- The woman hired to turn around Rutgers University 's troubled athletic program came under renewed fire Tuesday after news emerged she was named in a sex discrimination lawsuit at the University of Louisville , according to court documents obtained Tuesday . The revelation that Julie Hermann was at the center of a discrimination lawsuit while working at the University of Louisville , according to the documents , came just days after a report that a group of University of Tennessee volleyball players accused her of verbal abuse when she coached them in the 1990s . Hermann 's appointment as Rutgers athletic director came more than a month after a video of a Rutgers coach hurling basketballs and yelling homophobic slurs prompted the coach 's firing , the resignation of the school 's athletic director and sharp criticism from New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . "  It is a new day , " Hermann told reporters after being appointed . "  The problem  is already fixed , and there is no one that does n't agree about how we treat young people with respect and dignity and build trust . " The allegations against Hermann have raised questions about whether the Newark , New Jersey , university properly vetted Hermann before hiring her . But Christie told New Jersey 101.5 radio that he spoke with the university 's president and board chairman about the allegations and that he would not second-guess Rutgers ' hiring of Hermann . "  I told them I had questions , and I was going to get answers to those questions , " he said on the radio station 's weekly "  Ask the Governor " show on Tuesday . "  I have gotten answers to those questions . " Rutgers , meanwhile , went on the defensive Tuesday , releasing a list of names and contacts for supporters of Hermann . It also put out a statement that said she was on the "  original list of candidates " assembled by a search firm for the position . "  Julie also was among the group of candidates considered at each step of the search process from the beginning , " the statement said . Hermann was named in a 2008 lawsuit filed by Mary Banker , an assistant track and field coach , who alleged she was the victim of sex discrimination by the head coach and then fired after she complained to Hermann and the university 's human resources department , according to documents . Banker alleged in the complaint that when she told Hermann about the discrimination , which included offensive comments , she was praised . "  We 're lucky to have you , " Hermann allegedly said in an e-mail , according to court documents . A jury in Kentucky awarded Banker $ 300,000 in damages and lost wages , but it was overturned by an appeals court . Banker 's attorney is appealing the ruling to the Kentucky Supreme Court , according to court documents . Hermann did not return a telephone call from CNN seeking comment . The University of Louisville , in state Supreme Court court filings , defended the firing , saying the evidence showed Banker was "  an abysmal coach and recruiter . " Word of the Louisville lawsuit followed news first reported Sunday by a New Jersey newspaper , The Star-Ledger , that a group of former volleyball players at Tennessee accused Hermann of "  mental cruelty . " In a letter written in 1997 and obtained by the newspaper , members of the team purportedly claimed that Hermann called players "  whores , alcoholics and learning disabled . " Verbal abuse from Hermann became so intense , they claimed , that the team banded together to write the letter , calling the situation "  irreconcilable . " After the team presented the letter to Hermann , she chose to stop coaching them , according to the newspaper 's report . One former Tennessee volleyball player defended Hermann in a statement of support , which was released by Rutgers . "  You were tough no doubt but I knew you cared and I went from being a kid with a bad attitude who thought I was God 's gift to athletics to the captain of my team , " wrote Sonya Thomas , who played for Tennessee from 1992 to 1995 . "  Your intensity helped me be mentally tough and it was exactly what I needed . None of it was abusive , mean spirited or demeaning . " In a written statement released Monday , Hermann said her former students ' comments are "  heartbreaking . " She denied the allegations of abuse and vowed to push ahead in her new role . "  I was never notified of the reported letter outlining the concerns of some former athletes . However , I am truly sorry that some were disappointed during my tenure as coach , " she said . "  For sure , I was an intense coach , but there is a vast difference between high intensity and abusive behavior . " Hermann said her commitment to students ' success has been firm throughout her career . Rutgers University President Robert L. Barchi said Monday that he stands by the school 's choice . "  Rutgers was deliberative at every stage of this process , " he said in a written statement . "  Over the course of the search , Julie 's record established her as a proven leader in athletics administration with a strong commitment to academic success as well as athletic excellence , and a strong commitment to the well-being of student athletes . " A University of Tennessee spokeswoman declined to comment . Louisville women 's basketball coach Jeff Walz backed Hermann , his boss over the last six years . While he could n't speak about what may or may not have happened at Tennessee , Walz said that in their time together at Louisville , he found Hermman to be "  a very good administrator who always put the student athletes ' well-being first , no matter what situation it was . " The Cardinals coach said he did n't see the uproar over Hermann coming , given his observations of her with him and his players . He credits her with helping put a solid system in place , so student athletes were in good hands from their first day on campus through to their graduation . "  In  the six years that I had with her , she was very competent at what she does , how she handles situations , and how she treats the student athletes , " Walz said . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Aaron Cooper , John Berman , Catherine E. Shoichet , Jason Kessler , Laura Dolan and Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	NEW : A Louisville coach says Hermann "  always put the student-athletes ' well-being first " Hermann was named in a lawsuit while at the University of Louisville She was accused , along with others , of sexual discrimination Some of her ex-players at Tennessee accused her of "  mental cruelty "
London  CNN  -- Standard Chartered , a British banking giant , has paid $ 340 million to settle allegations it was involved in money laundering for Iranian clients . The settlement was reached with the New York State Department of Financial Services Tuesday , before a hearing due Wednesday . The hearing has now been adjourned . Standard Chartered -- which faced the loss of its U.S. banking license alongside fines for alleged breaches -- had pre-tax earnings of $ 6.76 billion in 2011 , and the fine is "  easily manageable , " according to a note by analyst Michael Symonds of Daiwa Capital Markets . Banks : Too big to prosecute ? "  Reaching an early settlement means that StanChart avoids the potentially awkward hearing with the NYDFS ... . and , critically , eliminates the immediate risk that the bank could lose its New York banking licence , " Symonds said . However , investigations into the bank by other authorities including the Department of Justice and the Office of Foreign Assets Control continue , and "  this lone settlement does not draw a line through the matter , " Symonds said . A statement from Standard Chartered said , "  a formal agreement containing the detailed terms of the settlement is expected to be concluded shortly . " The group added that it "  continues to engage constructively with the other relevant U.S. authorities . " What was Standard Chartered accused of ? Standard Chartered was accused of helping Iran avoid American sanctions by concealing $ 250 billion worth of transactions over nearly 10 years , according to banking regulators in New York . More : Culture shift needed in banking ? The New York State Department of Financial Services accused the London-based banking group of concealing 60,000 transactions with Iranian clients , including the Central Bank of Iran , from 2001 to 2010 . The department says there is also evidence of similar schemes to conduct business with other U.S.-sanctioned countries such as Libya , Myanmar and Sudan . Why are there sanctions in place ? The U.S. and its allies have increased economic sanctions against Iran during the past few years in an effort to deter the Islamic Republic from developing its nuclear capabilities . Iran has argued that its goal is to produce energy and medical isotopes , but U.S. officials say the Iranians are developing weapons . More : Age of irresponsibility in banks ? Standard Chartered allegedly falsified business and official records to mask transactions with Iranian customers that were subject to U.S. economic sanctions , the New York State Department of Financial Services said . In exchange , the global banking group reaped "  hundreds of millions " of dollars in fees , according to an order issued by the New York authorities . The regulators said the bank 's actions left "  the U.S. financial system vulnerable to terrorists , weapons dealers , drug kingpins and corrupt regimes , and deprived law enforcement investigators of crucial information used to track all manner of criminal activity . " How was Standard Chartered alleged to have violated the rules ? The regulators said Standard Chartered had a well-established policy to "  repair " documents in so-called U-Turn transactions , in which offshore money passes through the U.S. financial system on its way to other offshore accounts . Under federal law , banks are obligated to ensure that such transactions do not violate U.S. sanctions . But regulators say Standard Chartered 's New York branch regularly manipulated wire transfers that would have identified Iranian customers in the U-Turn transactions . More : Banking ethics "  in question " According to the order , an official in the bank 's U.S. division warned top bank managers in London in 2006 that the bank could face "  serious criminal liability , " according to internal emails . How was the warning received ? The warning was allegedly rejected by the recipient , who regulators say responded by writing in an email : "  You f-ing Americans . Who are you to tell us , the rest of the world , that we are not going to deal with Iranians . -LSB- sic -RSB- " According to the regulators , Standard Chartered 's most senior management , "  designed and implemented an elaborate scheme by which to use its New York branch as a front for prohibited dealings with Iran -- dealings that indisputably helped sustain a global threat to peace and stability . " The regulator had ordered executives of Standard Chartered -- which it says was operating as a "  rogue institution " -- to appear in New York Wednesday to answer the charges . How did Standard Chartered respond to the allegations ? Standard Chartered refuted the charges , saying "  well over 99.9 % " of the referenced transactions complied with U.S. regulations . It said it strongly rejected the position and portrayal of facts made by the U.S. regulator . The statement said the group had approached U.S. agencies in January 2010 and informed them they had initiated a review of historic U.S. dollar transactions and compliance with U.S. sanctions . It said the "  group does not believe the order issued by the DFS presents a full and accurate picture of the facts , " and "  Standard Chartered ceased all new business with Iranian customers in any currency over five years ago . " How much will this damage Standard Chartered ? The large fine was expected and , as Symonds pointed out , is unlikely to significantly dent the bank 's balance sheet . However , pressure has come down on chief executive Peter Sands , who flew to New York City to deal with the allegations . Sands has been at the bank 's helm since 2006 following four years as group finance director . David Marshall , senior bank analyst at CreditSights , said in a note the fine was a "  little underwhelming " given the strength of the original charges . The bank has been "  tarred " but immediate regulatory pressure will be "  relieved for now , " he said . "  It does n't mean corporates will withdraw their business , but they will likely ask more questions , " he added . Standard Chartered shares rallied on news of the U.S. settlement .	Standard Chartered pays $ 340M to settle allegations of money laundering for Iran U.S. regulators accused the London-based group of concealing 60,000 transactions with Iran Standard Chartered is accused of helping Iran avoid sanctions by concealing $ 250B of transactions The group refuted the charges , saying 99.9 % of transactions complied with regulations
Congress faces several big issues before beginning its August recess at the end of the week . While it appears lawmakers might get to a few things on the to-do list , other matters are likely to be left until they return in September . Here 's what will and wo n't get done before the end of the week : 1 . Crisis on the border : Agencies responsible for dealing with the influx of youth migrants from Central America on the southern border could run out of money next month . But competing legislative proposals means it 's highly unlikely a resolution will materialize before Friday . Senate Democrats are looking at a $ 2.7 billion plan to address the border crisis , while House Republicans are crafting a measure totaling less than $ 1 billion . President Barack Obama has asked Congress for $ 3.7 billion . The major sticking point overall is whether to change a 2008 law to make it easier to deport those streaming across the border from El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras . Central American leaders to Obama : We 're working on it Most Republicans argue for the change in policy because it can take months or years to determine legal status under current law . They want to link any new money to a change in the 2008 law . Most Democrats oppose altering the law , saying doing so could lead to an unfair process that might short-change kids fleeing gangs and violence who want to stay in the United States legally . They want any new money to include no change in policy . But Democrats have sent mixed messages . Obama top administration officials say they are open to addressing the 2008 law , while Hispanic lawmakers and top leaders warn any major revisions are unacceptable . Poll : Border crisis impacts public opinion House Republicans are expected as early as Monday to unveil details of legislation that would fund border and other related agencies through the end of September . They could vote by week 's end . Speaker John Boehner says he wants the House to act but it 's unclear if anything can pass . 2 . A fix for veterans ' health care : CNN uncovered troubling stories of delayed care for veterans , some of whom died . Allegations surfaced of secret waiting lists for patient care , mismanagement , and bonuses for executives who oversaw such dysfunction . Investigations were launched , the VA secretary resigned , and Congress stepped in . Veterans caught up in the bureaucratic mess who feared retaliation for speaking out prompted Congress to fast-track legislation to revise procedures at hospitals and provide more resources to address case backlogs . Senate Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Bernie Sanders , a independent who normally sides with Democrats , and his House Republican counterpart , Rep. Jeff Miller , announced a deal on a $ 17 billion pacage on Monday . Public outrage over the alarming VA shortcomings has lit a fire under Congress to ensure a final measure gets to Obama before week 's end . On Friday , 115 House members wrote to Boehner demanding that Congress stay in session until it approves a bill on veterans care . Veterans waiting longer for cancer care The Senate is expected to confirm Robert McDonald , a former CEO of Proctor & Gamble and a West Point graduate as the next VA secretary as early as Tuesday . 3 . Highway fund running on empty : The highway trust fund , which pays for road and bridge repair carried out by the states , is about to run out of money . Funded by gasoline taxes , the account has been in trouble for years with prices at the pump steadily higher and people driving more fuel efficient cars and trucks . The sluggish economy also has cut down on fuel purchases . Less money going into the trust fund fund means hard choices . Raising the 18.4 cents per gallon gas tax is a non-starter , especially in an election year . So where will the money come from ? Congress in the past has diverted billions in general tax revenues to shore up the trust fund , and that is what 's on the table now . A short-term House bill would infuse the trust fund with $ 11 billion in new revenue . It is expected to pass the Senate this week . But that measure just means this emergency will arise again next May , when the balance gets low again . Without federal money , states will have to curtail -- and shut down , in some cases -- road projects . That 's unappealing on both sides of the aisle since construction provides a lot of jobs and fuels economic growth in other ways . 5 ways the highway crisis could affect you 4 . House Republicans vs. Obama : The House is expected later this week to pass a resolution authorizing Boehner to sue Obama for exceeding his executive authority . Republicans are basing the case on Obama 's decision last year to authorize a one-year delay in the Obamacare requirement that businesses provide health coverage . Although House Republicans voted to do the same thing , they maintain it 's the job of Congress to change the laws , not the President 's "  This is also not about me vs. President Obama . This is about future Congresses and future presidents . There is a conflict between the executive branch and the legislative branch of our government . It is the judiciary branch 's role to help resolve it , " Boehner wrote on Monday in a USA Today opinion piece . House Democrats are using the case to raise money and make argument that the suit is merely a political move to rally the Republican base ahead of the midterms . There is a small contingent of House conservatives who want to impeach Obama , but Boehner has said multiple times that he disagrees with such a step . A CNN-ORC poll released last week shows that nearly two thirds of Americans oppose any move to impeach Obama . 5 . Funding government agencies : The most basic function of Congress is its power of the purse . It decides annually how much each agency can spend . To date , the House has passed about half of the annual spending bills establishing budgets for these departments for the fiscal year starting October 1 . But the Senate has not voted on one yet . Unless both pass some type of massive spending bill to cover everything at once before the end of September , there could be another federal shutdown . Remember last fall . Boehner has said he expects the House to approve a resolution extending current levels of funding through some time in December . When lawmakers return after Labor Day , there are about 10 days left in the legislative calendar for a deal to come together .	GOP , Dems push competing border plans , but policy change may be biggest obstacle Sen. Bernie Sanders and Rep. Jeff Miller said they have reached a deal over VA reforms Congress is likely to punt on a highway bill with a stopgap measure through May House Republicans expected to authorize suit against President Obama over Obamacare
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama called on Sunday for "  calm reflection " following the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin . The president , in a written statement , acknowledged an emotionally charged climate but concluded that "  we are a nation of laws , and a jury has spoken . " Obama called Martin 's death a tragedy for America . "  I know this case has elicited strong passions . And in the wake of the verdict , I know those passions may be running even higher , " he said . "  I now ask every American to respect the call for calm reflection from two parents who lost their young son . And as we do , we should ask ourselves if we 're doing all we can to widen the circle of compassion and understanding in our own communities . "  We should ask ourselves if we 're doing all we can to stem the tide of gun violence that claims too many lives across this country on a daily basis , " Obama said . Analysis : The race factor in George Zimmerman 's trial A Florida jury on Saturday night found Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , not guilty of second-degree murder and manslaughter in a shooting that grew from a confrontation as Martin , 17 , walked home from a convenience store in February 2012 . The verdict closed a case in state criminal court that gained national attention and sparked public outcry , much of which focused on race . Reaction generated some protests nationally , including outside the White House . Zimmerman is the son of a Peruvian mother and a white American father and identifies as Hispanic . Martin was African-American . Catch up on the trial , verdict Obama said in closing his statement that Americans asking "  ourselves , as individuals and as a society , how we can prevent future tragedies like this " is one way "  to honor Trayvon Martin . " Groups disappointed with the jury 's decision have asked the Obama administration to pursue a civil rights prosecution against Zimmerman , 29 . The NAACP has called on the Justice Department to file related charges and has asked the public to sign a petition to support their cause . "  When you look at  Zimmerman 's  comments , when you look at his comments about young black men in that neighborhood , about how they felt specially targeted by him , there is reason to be concerned that race was a factor in why he targeted young Trayvon , " NAACP president and CEO Benjamin Jealous said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " What was the reaction around the country ? Obama did not cover that issue in his comments . But the Justice Department said in a statement on Sunday that a federal civil rights investigation continues and it will look at evidence and testimony from the just-concluded state trial as part of the probe . "  Experienced federal prosecutors will determine whether the evidence reveals a prosecutable violation of any of the limited federal criminal civil rights statutes within our jurisdiction , and whether federal prosecution is appropriate , " the statement said . The government would need to establish that a hate crime was committed in order to bring charges , a legal threshold Holder has said previously would be challenging to meet . "  For a federal hate crime we have to prove the highest standard in the law , " Holder said in April 2012 . "  Something that was reckless , that was negligent does not meet that standard . We have to show that there was specific intent to do the crime with requisite state of mind . " A petition asking for civil rights prosecution of Zimmerman on the White House "  We The People " site - a page that lets citizens submit petitions to the White House - was started Sunday . So far , it has more than 4,000 signatures , a number far short of the 100,000 necessary to get a response from the White House . Zimmerman fears for life , could face new charges Obama 's first comments on the Zimmerman trial came in March 2012 , when the president said the fatal shooting of an unarmed African-American teen required national "  soul searching . " The president also personalized the shooting in those remarks . He told reporters he thought about his own children when he thought about Martin . "  I think every parent in America should be able to understand why it is absolutely imperative that we investigate every aspect of this and that everybody pulls together -- federal , state and local -- to figure out exactly how this tragedy happened , " Obama said at that time . Verdict does n't end debate in Martin 's death Obama said the case struck home with him when asked about any racial components of the case . "  If I had a son , he 'd look like Trayvon , " the president said then . Republicans at the time criticized Obama for personalizing the shooting and on Sunday , Rep. Steve King alleged the president and his administration had turned the case into a political issue rather than a legal matter . "  The evidence did n't support prosecution and the Justice Department engaged in this . The president engaged in this and turned it into a political issue that should have been handled exclusively with law and order , " King , an outspoken Republican from Iowa , said on "  Fox News Sunday . " Since Obama 's first comments , the White House has kept its distance from the case . Full coverage of the case on HLNTV.com CNN 's Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	President Barack Obama says in statement the jury in Zimmerman case has spoken He asks Americans to reflect on toll of gun violence , widen circle of compassion Justice Department says its civil rights investigation continues Obama previously said if he had a son "  he 'd look like Trayvon "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The California Public Utilities Commission banned texting on the job Thursday after it was shown that a Metrolink train engineer involved in last week 's deadly collision near Los Angeles sent text messages from his cell phone . It was unclear what 46-year-old Robert Sanchez was doing at the time of the crash Friday . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating claims that he was sending text messages when his commuter train slammed into a Union Pacific freight train in Chatsworth . Twenty-five people were killed , including Sanchez , and at least 130 were injured . Investigators subpoenaed the phone records of the engineer and determined that he "  had sent and received text messages on the day of the accident , including some while he was on duty , " according to an NTSB statement Wednesday . Investigators were trying to determine at what time the messages were sent . The commission 's emergency order passed unanimously Thursday . In pushing for the ban , Commission President Michael Peevey said that cell phone use by engineers "  may have been a factor " in train accidents this year in San Francisco and Sacramento , California . He did not elaborate on details of those incidents . Thursday 's order is temporary until the state commission decides whether to make it permanent . Metrolink prohibits cell phone use by engineers on the job , but Peevey emphasized that there is no federal or California regulation barring cell phone use by engineers while trains are moving . The NTSB had determined that the brakes on the Metrolink train were not applied before the collision and that stop signals at the scene were working properly , said Kitty Higgins , an NTSB member assigned to the investigation . Metrolink has said its train , carrying about 220 passengers , failed to stop for a red signal . Watch expert tell what it 's like to drive a train " Twenty-four bodies were found at the scene after the head-on collision during rush hour Friday in the northwest Los Angeles suburb . A 25th victim , a man in his 50s , died at a hospital . More than 130 people were injured . The agency has said it also has been in contact with the two teenagers who told a local television station they were exchanging text messages with the engineer just before the crash occurred . Higgins said investigators have interviewed the Metrolink train conductor , who had worked with Sanchez since April . The conductor "  had no issues of his time working with the engineer and on how the engineer operated the train , " she said . Watch as callers to 911 describe the crash " The engineer took a two-hour nap during his midday break on the day of the collision , the conductor told investigators . Sanchez was a subcontractor who worked for another company .	NEW : California Public Utilities Commission passed ban Thursday Phone records show engineer texting during work hours on day of crash Engineer Robert Sanchez was among 25 people killed in Friday 's crash Investigators determined the brakes on train he was driving were not applied
CNN  -- Washington was billed as the national testing ground on the issue of genetically modified foods , which draws spirited supporters and detractors into the debate over their effects on human health and the environment . If the state 's vote tally is to be believed , it appears the Evergreen State wo n't get special labeling for GMO foods , as expected before the Tuesday vote . Those in favor of the initiative , however , say do n't count your genetically engineered chickens before they hatch , according to a news release that reads rather victoriously , considering the Washington secretary of state 's office says the measure failed 55 % to 45 % . "  The campaign remains confident that a majority of Washington voters support labeling of genetically engineered foods , and optimistic about supporters getting out to vote in this off-year election , " said the Yes on Initiative 522 release . "  For now , the votes are too close to call , " reads the Yes on I-522 landing page . "  Over the next few days more ballots will be counted and we will keep you posted as we learn more . " The secretary of state 's website says 100 % of the vote has been counted . The vote , if confirmed , would mark a defeat for those who say GMO foods may pose health risks and lead to a spike in herbicide and pesticide usage . The Elway Poll in October reported that Washington voters were in favor of the initiative by four percentage points . The vote would have made Washington the third state to require GMO labeling and the first to pass an initiative that will go into effect regardless of whether other states enact similar laws . Placed on the ballot after Washington voters submitted more than 350,000 signatures , I-522 "  would require most raw agricultural commodities , processed foods , and seeds and seed stocks , if produced using genetic engineering as defined , to be labeled as genetically engineered when offered for retail sale . " Yes on I-522 says it is "  motivated by a very simple principle : People have the right to know what 's in the food they eat and feed their families . " Sixty-four countries have passed laws allowing consumers to know when there are GMO ingredients in their food , according to the Center for Food Safety . The watchdog group says the "  limited data " on GMO foods indicates that the foods lead to higher risks of "  toxicity , allergenicity , antibiotic resistance and immune suppression . " Since genetically engineered foods entered the U.S. market , herbicide use on corn , soybeans and cotton has increased by 527 million pounds , the center said , citing a study by Environmental Science Europe . Monsanto , a Missouri-based agricultural giant that was staunchly opposed to the measure , says on its website , GMOanswers.com , that the crops have led to lower pesticide usage . The company says it 's also invested more than $ 100 million to ensure the products are safe . "  Humans , over our history , have altered all of our crops , often for taste or yield or disease resistance , " the website says . "  Before they reach the market , crops from GM seeds are studied extensively to make sure they are safe for people , animals and the environment , " the Monsanto site adds . "  Today 's GM products are the most researched and tested agricultural products in history . " Opponents spent more than $ 22 million to fight the legislation -- more than triple what those in favor of labeling spent -- with only $ 600 of that money coming from within the state . Monsanto contributed more than $ 5 million , the Washington Public Disclosure Commission said . Twenty-three states have pending legislation regarding GMO labeling , according to the group Right to Know GMO . Maine and Connecticut in June passed laws requiring labeling , but they wo n't go into effect until other states pass GMO-labeling laws . California last year shot down such a law with 51.4 % of voters casting ballots against it . The U.S. Department of Agriculture Food Safety and Inspection Service approved a non-GMO label for meat and liquid egg products in June , the first time the department has approved such a label from a third party . GMO foods were approved for human consumption in 1995 , but the Food and Drug Administration never required any labels pointing them out as such . Follow Eliott C. McLaughlin on Twitter : @CNNWriters CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Vote tallies suggest GMO labeling measure failed , but proponents still hopeful Center for Food Safety says GMO foods cause health problems , increase in pesticides Agricultural giant Monsanto says it has spent $ 100 million to make sure they 're safe GMO foods approved for human consumption in 1995 , but FDA never required labels
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama defended his patriotism Monday , telling a crowd in Independence , Missouri , that his "  deep and abiding love for this country " is the reason he is running for president . Sen. Barack Obama 's speech on patriotism comes days before the Fourth of July . "  At certain times over the last 16 months , I have found , for the first time , my patriotism challenged -- at times as a result of my own carelessness , more often as a result of the desire by some to score political points and raise fears and doubts about who I am and what I stand for , " he said in President Harry Truman 's hometown , just days before the Fourth of July . Obama vowed to never question the patriotism of others in the campaign , adding "  I will not stand idly by when I hear others question mine . " Obama has been defending his patriotism ever since the beginning of the primary season , when he was first criticized for not wearing a flag pin -- which he now does much more frequently -- and when false rumors began circulating that he did not say the Pledge of Allegiance . Watch excerpts of Obama 's speech " A widely distributed photo also seemed to show him failing to place his hand over his heart during a rendition of "  The Star-Spangled Banner . " Obama 's wife , Michelle , also was criticized about her patriotism , after telling an audience at a campaign event , "  For the first time in my adult lifetime , I 'm really proud of my country . " Obama 's campaign said she was just excited about the campaign 's grassroots support , but her words still provided fodder for her husband 's opponents . At his appearance Monday , Barack Obama appealed to unity . "  Given the enormous challenges that lie before us , we can no longer afford these sorts of divisions , " he said . "  None of us expect that arguments about patriotism will , or should , vanish entirely ; after all , when we argue about patriotism , we are arguing about who we are as a country , and more importantly , who we should be . "  But surely , we can agree that no party or political philosophy has a monopoly on patriotism . And surely , we can arrive at a definition of patriotism that , however rough and imperfect , captures the best of America 's common spirit . " Obama said that for him , "  patriotism starts as a gut instinct , a loyalty and love for country that 's rooted in some of my earliest memories . " Obama described how as he grew up , his patriotism matured to something that "  would survive my growing awareness of our nation 's imperfections : its ongoing racial strife ; the perversion of our political system that were laid bare during the Watergate hearings ; the wrenching poverty of the Mississippi Delta and the hills of Appalachia . " Obama said he learned that "  what makes America great has never been its perfection , but the belief that it can be made better . " Patriotism , he said , must involve the willingness to sacrifice . He called attention to the service of John McCain , the presumptive Republican candidate . McCain 's campaign has been calling on Obama to condemn comments from retired Gen. Wesley Clark , who said this weekend that McCain 's service in Vietnam did not necessarily mean that he was qualified to serve as commander-in-chief . Read about what Clark said Clark is a military adviser for Obama . In his speech Monday , Obama did not directly address Clark 's comments , but after calling attention to McCain 's service , he said "  no one should ever devalue that service , especially for the sake of a political campaign , and that goes for supporters of both sides . " "  We must always express our profound gratitude for the service of our men and women in uniform . Period , " he said . Just as Obama was finishing his speech , his campaign released a statement about Clark 's remarks . "  As he 's said many times before , Sen. Obama honors and respects Sen. McCain 's service , and of course he rejects yesterday 's statement by Gen. Clark , " Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton said . Meanwhile , McCain 's campaign announced Monday it was launching a new Truth Squad to defend the Arizona senator 's military record . Leaders of the latest group include McCain 's fellow Vietnam prisoners of war Air Force Col. Bud Day and Marine Lt. Col. Orson Swindle , along with former Navy pilot Carl Smith , who served with him . McCain said Monday he was proud of his record of service . Watch McCain 's response to Clark 's comments " "  The important thing is that if that 's the kind of campaign that Sen. Obama and his surrogates and his supporters want to engage in , I understand that , " he said . "  But it does n't reduce the price of a gallon of gas by one penny . It does n't achieve our energy independence or make it come any closer ... and it certainly does n't do anything to address the challenges that Americans have in keeping their jobs , their homes and supporting their families . " Obama was to follow up Monday 's speech on patriotism with an address Tuesday about faith and remarks later in the week on service . He will spend his Fourth of July in Butte , Montana , campaigning with his family . McCain on Monday was campaigning in Pennsylvania , a battleground state in the general election . He was scheduled to speak with reporters in Harrisburg before holding a town hall meeting in Pipersville . McCain leaves for Colombia on Tuesday and will travel to Mexico later in the week . His campaign on Monday unveiled his new campaign airplane , a Boeing 737-400 . The aircraft shares its name -- the "  Straight Talk Express " with McCain 's campaign bus , which has been a staple of the candidate 's 2000 and 2008 campaigns . The 95-seat plane -- with seats for the candidate , his staffers and the press -- has the "  Straight Talk Express " logo emblazoned on its fuselage . CNN 's Tasha Diakides and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama vows to never question the patriotism of others in the campaign NEW : Obama camp : "  Of course -LSB- Obama -RSB- rejects yesterday 's statement " by Clark NEW : McCain 's campaign launches a Truth Squad to defend his military record McCain unveils new campaign airplane
CNN  -- Protesters filled Paris ' Esplanade des Invalides on Sunday , rallying against a new law that will allow same-sex marriage in France starting Wednesday . Paris police estimate 150,000 demonstrators marched along three different routes before converging in the sprawling plaza along the Seine River . The arguments against same-sex marriage in France sound similar to those expressed in other countries , with many opponents saying they 're for more civil rights , but against homosexuals officially getting married . Other protesters called themselves "  a defender of the family , " or said they "  are not homophobic ,  but  just want to protect children . " CNN 's French affiliate BFM said 4,500 police were deployed Sunday to keep the peace after extremist threats , but the event proved to be calm . On May 18 , French President Francois Hollande signed into law a bill allowing same-sex couples to marry and adopt . The signing came a day after France 's top court , the Constitutional Council , ruled that the bill adheres to the constitution . France is the ninth country in Europe to allow same-sex marriage . If pending legislation in New Zealand and Uruguay is enacted as expected this year , the worldwide total of countries with legalized same-sex marriage will rise to 14 . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and journalist Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report	Police say 150,000 protesters turn out to oppose same-sex marriage CNN 's French affiliate BFM says 4,500 police were there BFM says despite worries of extremist threats , the event was calm
CNN  -- A reporter last week asked me if many people cared about the release of individual records from the 1940 Census . "  Are they just a historic relic ? " was the followup from someone else unimpressed that the general public would finally have access to more than 100 million census records locked away for 72 years . Americans answered those questions loud and clear . The National Archives and Records Administration website housing 1940 Census records registered over 60 million hits in just three hours on Tuesday , April 3 , 2012 , the second day they were open . The outpouring of demand for such information calls on us to examine what is driving it . The individual records help Americans gain a greater sense of who our ancestors were and with it an understanding of the blood that runs through our own veins . Each image from the 1940 Census is a lined page called a population schedule , containing the records of up to 40 individuals . They might not look like much -- the penmanship of 123,000 census takers varied , the cursive may be hard to read , ink from fountain pens ran too light on some letters . One line on a 1940 Census record , however , has the power to confirm a family legend we have heard for years , or it can make us confront a troubling truth buried long ago . The National Archives ' innovative move of putting scans of these 3.9 million pages online has democratized genealogy . We might have expected that the first wave of retirees from the nation 's nearly 77 million baby boomers would pause to reflect on the world their parents inhabited . We might have expected the too-rapidly dwindling ranks of World War II veterans to look for a glimpse of home life in the months before 15 million of them entered the services . When the 1930 Census records and those from earlier decades were released , searches largely were confined to people able to trek to National Archives facilities and depository libraries to work through microfilms produced by the Census Bureau in the 1930s and 40s . Now the 1940 census records are available for free , and millions of people are accessing them . The fascination with the snapshot of the United States provided by the 1940 Census runs beyond any one individual 's search for her or his own past . The statistics available online now from the Census Bureau can deepen people 's understanding of the towns and times their ancestors inhabited . Las Vegas , Nevada , had exploded in size with construction of the Hoover Dam.Â Its population stood at 8,422 . Around 9 million U.S. households used ice boxes to preserve their food . Family members finding their grandmother had completed four years of college by 1940 will learn that her accomplishment put her among the top 5 % of U.S. residents in terms of education . Genealogists have been looking forward to this release as they would a national holiday , as have thousands of historians , economists and demographers . The release of the 1940 Census records will allow them to shed a light on a United States very different from how we live now . Community profiles of smaller population groups of the type so commonly released now by the Census Bureau with data from the American Community Survey were not published from the 1940 Census during days of World War II . When it is released , the Minnesota Population Center 's database of digitized 1940 census records will allow researchers to build such profiles . They will be able to aggregate individual items into their own tables and run analyses . To get an idea of the diversity of nationalities in the United States at the time , President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's Census Proclamation , urging Americans to participate , was translated into 23 languages , including Slovak , Greek , Lithuanian , Russian , Dutch , Hebrew , Serbo-Croatian , French , Italian , Spanish , German . Because residents in 1940 answered census takers ' questions , the records released last week will provide a glimpse of Navajo tribal lands on the eve of the uranium boom , which transformed the landscape . Economists will be able to analyze how people in specific occupations or smaller geographic areas fared during the Great Depression . The possibilities are vast . The 1940 Census gave the country in 1940 a snapshot , one moment frozen in time . That portrait attracts us because it was taken on the edge of momentous change -- a time when Americans began developing many of the tools we now take for granted . The United States instituted its first peacetime draft in September 1940 ; and the ranks of the armed forces mushroomed . Unemployment fell from around 15 % for the week before Census Day 1940 to around 4.7 % by 1942 . Citing unprecedented movements of the population to areas with heavy concentrations of armaments manufacturing and responding to the administration 's orders , the Census Bureau unveiled a 1941 plan to conduct an annual sample census . When that plan faltered for lack of funding , more than 200 communities paid the Census Bureau to conduct censuses within their jurisdictions between 1941 and 1946 alone . Today those communities base much of their decision-making on data from the descendant of those plans , the American Community Survey . Because Americans opened their doors to census takers in 1940 and the survey interviewers who followed them , the United States had the information President Franklin Roosevelt assured them was necessary "  to guide us intelligently into the future . " The Census Bureau thanked the millions of respondents in 1940 and the thousands of households responding to surveys each month since then ; we their heirs should thank them now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael S. Snow .	Michael Snow : 60 million hits in 3 hours after release shows hunger for family history Snow : Hidden for 72 years , it 's now available to all to verify family lore or learn a secret Census shows U.S. during vast change , he says : coming war , receding Depression Snow : The release was like the first pitch on opening day for historians and economists
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- The head of Nigeria 's police has been given 24 hours to produce a terror attack suspect who escaped police custody under suspicious circumstances , a government minister said Thursday . Minister of Police Affairs Navy Capt. Caleb Olubolade said he and Police Inspector General Hafiz Ringim had been summoned to see President Goodluck Jonathan Wednesday over the escape . The fugitive , identified by police as Kabiru Sokoto , is suspected to be the mastermind of a series of deadly church bombings on Christmas Day . The bombings were claimed by Boko Haram , a militant Islamist group frequently blamed for sectarian violence in Nigeria . A 50 million naira  $ 307,000  reward was offered by police Thursday for any information leading to Sokoto 's capture and a photograph of him in custody has been distributed to all police stations in the country . Ringim will face severe sanctions for negligence of duty if Sokoto is not found , Olubolade said in a statement . "  Anyone could be sacked , including myself , " Olubolade said . The suspect was initially detained successfully , but he escaped when suspected gang members attacked his police escort as he was being transferred to another town , police sources said Wednesday . The sources asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter . Olubolade said he had directed that the officers involved in the transfer be immediately detained . The police commissioner responsible for the suspect 's secure transfer is currently under arrest , according to police sources . They named the commissioner as Zakaria Biu , who himself hails from Borno state , the hub of Boko Haram 's activities . Jonathan declared a partial state of emergency December 31 in four northern states , Borno among them , to contain a wave of attacks by Boko Haram . Police sources also pointed the finger at Boko Haram Wednesday for an attack on a Nigerian army outpost in Maiduguri , the capital of Borno , in which two soldiers were killed .	NEW : A $ 307,000 reward is put up by police for information leading to the suspect NEW : The escapee is suspected to have masterminded a militant attack on churches Nigeria 's inspector general of police faces sanctions if the terror suspect is not found "  Anyone could be sacked , including myself , " the minister for police affairs says
CNN  -- Looks like we 'd all like to live in Mayberry . Fifty years later , we 're still watching "  The Andy Griffith Show . " The '60s hit continues to air twice a day in TV Land 's weekday schedule , at noon and 12:30 p.m. ET .  TV Land also has a July 4 marathon , Wednesday 8 a.m.-1 p.m. ET/PT ; and a weekend tribute to its recently deceased star July 7-8 , Saturday-Sunday 11 a.m.-8 p.m. ET/PT . Andy Griffith created a mighty special place in his small-town TV comedy , which seems to have aired continually every day someplace since it left the CBS network in 1968 . When the show ceased production , it ranked as prime-time 's No. 1 series , after spending all eight of its network seasons in Nielsen 's Top 10 . Mayberry was a town so comfortable and calm that Griffith 's down-home Sheriff Andy Taylor hardly ever got to do any sheriff-ing . He mostly dispensed folksy wisdom to his motherless son , Opie , rode herd on his jittery sheriff , Barney Fife , and helped his Mayberry townsfolk keep on the straight and narrow and neighborly . What we love about Andy Griffith Wait . This was TV 's No. 1 series -- in 1968 ? Has n't the Vietnam era-1968 gone down in history as the year synonymous with social upheaval ? Presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy and civil rights icon Martin Luther King Jr. were assassinated . The "  generation gap " widened . Hippies turned on and dropped out . Fists were raised at the Olympic Games . War protests raged . And folksy Andy Griffith drew viewers in staggering numbers . Perhaps it 's really not so strange at all . Who would n't rather live in the serene Mayberry of "  TV land " than in Realtown USA , beset by crime , corruption , war , taxes and societal chaos ? No wonder "  The Andy Griffith Show " endures , far beyond the nostalgia for more "  pivotal " TV landmarks such as "  All in the Family " and "  Roseanne . " There 's even a "  real " Mayberry , and it continues to draw vacationers . Griffith 's hometown of Mount Airy , North Carolina , to this day operates the seven-days-a-week Andy Griffith Museum , filled with the actor 's memorabilia , props , video and other attractions .  Be there for September 27-30 's annual Mayberry Days !  Come sit a spell , take your shoes off , y' all come back now , y' hear ? OK , so we borrowed that last line from "  The Beverly Hillbillies " theme song . Same difference . In fact , during "  Andy Griffith 's " run of 1960-68 , "  Hillbillies " was twice the nation 's top-ranked show . The other years ' Nielsen titles went to "  Gunsmoke , " to "  Wagon Train , " and  three times  to "  Bonanza . " Which just goes to show how much Americans wanted to be anywhere rather than Here and Now . Those other top series still run on TV , but "  The Andy Griffith Show " has turned out to be in a class by itself . Did citizens ever really live in idyllic small towns like Mayberry ? Maybe we wish we did . Maybe we still want to . What was Connecticut 's fictional Stars Hollow , the small-town setting for that 21st-century WB fave "  Gilmore Girls , " but a more elegantly and literately constructed Mayberry ? Everybody knew everybody , and got along , and meant well , and everybody was witty and sophisticated . ` Andy Griffith ' theme song also part of Americana But Americans still seem to crave the more primitive version of Americana , as evidenced by the fact that everybody 's favorite episodes of "  The Andy Griffith Show " are the ones in black-and-white . The show was filmed monochrome its first five seasons , the ones with Don Knotts as Barney Fife . Then when Knotts left the cast for the big screen  "  The Incredible Mr. Limpet , " anyone ?  , the show transitioned to color and lost much of its charm . We liked Mayberry more as a timeless Everyplace than a DayGlo wannabe . Here 's another reason "  The Andy Griffith Show " endures : It may be TV 's first dramedy . There 's a laugh track , yes , because it was filmed single-camera , rather than in a studio like most other Desilu-produced series after studio pioneer "  I Love Lucy . " Griffith insisted he wanted to be able to include exterior shots , remembering what the outdoors meant to him as a North Carolina kid . Indeed , what 's the first image of the show that comes to mind ? The whistling-theme opening credits , when Andy and son Opie are heading out to do some fishin '  no "  g " here  . The "  drama " quotient amped up , too , as Andy 's initial portrayal of Sheriff Andy Taylor as a country bumpkin  watch the series ' backdoor pilot as a 1960 episode of "  Make Room for Daddy "  quickly evolved into the town sage -- a dispenser of common-sense wisdom to the quirky characters who crossed his path in search of rational justice and cogent advice . Don Knotts won the Emmys as wacky deputy Barney Fife . Andy Griffith gained legend as the straight man who made it all possible . Think of Andy Griffith this way : Can you imagine a 300-channel TV universe without "  The Andy Griffith Show " airing someplace every day ? Enough said . We all need our little slice of Mayberry . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Diane Werts .	Diane Werts notes "  The Andy Griffith Show " was No. 1 in 1968 In an era of upheaval , Americans turned to Mayberry , she says Who would n't choose Mayberry over crime , war and societal chaos ? she says
CNN  -- Following a volatile week in Myanmar that has seen a surge in deadly sectarian violence , a group of Islamic organizations in the country announced that it had canceled all celebrations for Eid al-Adha , the four-day religious holiday observed by many Muslims . No reason was given in the announcement from the All Myanmar Islam Association , a collaboration of five major Islamic organizations there . But locals are seeing it as a precautionary measure after the violence in recent days . Clashes between Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims have flared this week , killing dozens of people and burning thousands of homes to the ground in the western state of Rakhine . There has been tension between the two ethnic groups since May , when violence began after three Muslim men were arrested on suspicion of raping and killing a Buddhist woman . New satellite imagery obtained by Human Rights Watch shows what it said was extensive destruction of buildings in a predominantly Rohingya area of the coastal town of Kyauk Pyu . The swath of arson , the group said , stretched over 35 acres and included houseboats and floating barges . The government in Myanmar "  urgently needs to provide security for the Rohingya ... who are under vicious attack , " said Phil Robertson , deputy Asia director of Human Rights Watch . "  Unless the authorities also start addressing the root causes of the violence , it is only likely to get worse . " The Rohingya are a stateless Muslim minority who say they have been persecuted by the Myanmar military during its decades of authoritarian rule . Myanmar does n't recognize them as citizens . Q&A : What 's behind the sectarian violence in Myanmar ? Unrest between the Rohingya and majority Buddhists has tested President Thein Sein 's administration , which is trying to seek reconciliation with Myanmar 's different ethnic groups and move the country toward more democratic governance . The government has sent extra security into the troubled region and declared a state of emergency . The president 's office warned Thursday that "  manipulators " behind the violence can expect to be found and prosecuted . Opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi , speaking in Parliament on Friday , called for a greater security presence and urged authorities to investigate suspected human rights offenses . CNN 's Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	A group of Islamic organizations in Myanmar has canceled Eid al-Adha celebrations There have been violent clashes this week between Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims Dozens of people have been killed , and thousands of homes have been burnt down
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea is urging its people to show allegiance to the death for new leader Kim Jong Un . State media KCNA published North Korea 's annual New Year 's Day message , saying , "  The entire army should place absolute trust in and follow Kim Jong Un and become human rifles and bombs to defend him unto death . " The editorial is jointly published in the North 's leading newspapers and is often scrutinized by South Korean and foreign officials for any signs of the North 's intentions and policies for the year . The editorial called "  U.S. aggressor forces " the main obstacle to peace in the Korean peninsula and called for their withdrawal . It criticized "  every move of reckless military provocation , arms buildup and war exercises against the North . " The United States currently has around 28,500 military personnel stationed in South Korea , which North Korea claims is the main impediment to reunification of the Korean people . The United States fought on the side of the South during the 1950-53 war and keeps troops in country as a deterrent against the North . The editorial also renewed the attack against the Lee Myung-bak government in the South , calling government officials "  traitors " for not allowing more delegations to Pyongyang to pay respects to the late Kim Jong Il . Friday , KCNA quoted a National Defense Commission statement saying Pyongyang "  will have no dealings with the Lee Myung-bak group of traitors forever . " South Korea 's Unification Ministry said it found the statement "  regretful . However the ministry 's basic principle towards easing tensions in inter-Korean relations and resolving problems through dialogues remains still . " The editorial also claimed North Korea is "  at the epochal point of opening the gates of a thriving country . " For North Korea , 2012 is an important year was it marks 100 years since the birth of founder Kim Il Sung and the year the "  juche , " or self-reliance policy , will bear fruit , according to the government . The article published the slogan , "  Glorify this year 2012 as a year of proud victory , a year when an era of prosperity is unfolding , true to the instructions of the great General Kim Jong Il . " However , North Korea is still asking the international community for food aid , as it does not have enough food for its people and its economy has been crippled by years of neglect and bad decisions by the leadership . North Korea did not mention its nuclear weapons program , a program that the United States and leaders in the region are pressing North Korea to cease in return for food aid .	North Korean media publish annual New Year 's message New leader deserves "  absolute trust , " editorial says It says 2012 will usher prosperity
It 's a region of crises next door . A brutal civil war in Syria has spawned an equally , if not more , ruthless crusade in Iraq . Libya is at risk of becoming a failed state . And even Israel -- a relative oasis of calm -- is in the midst of a campaign in Gaza , where people are being killed nearly every day . What 's going on ? A casual observer could be forgiven for being lost . The region , rich in history , is as complex as it can be confusing . With so many conflicts , on so many fronts , here 's a quick look at what 's happening : Iraq Who 's fighting ? The Iraqi government and security forces are battling ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . Since spilling into Iraq from Syria , the group has captured city after city , including the country 's second-largest city , Mosul . The United States is supporting the Iraqi military in its effort , by bombing ISIS positions and making humanitarian airdrops . Why ? ISIS is clear about what it wants : To create a caliphate , or Islamic state , spanning Iraq and Syria . Its Sunni Muslim fighters have been targeting Iraq 's Christians and other minority groups , as well as Shiite Muslims . "  Those people are not people ; they are monsters , " said a student , 22 , who spoke to CNN in the Iraqi city of Irbil , after fleeing his home . "  Not monsters ; monsters are better . " What 's the latest ? The situation on the ground is in constant flux . U.S. airstrikes are ongoing . More than two years after President Barack Obama brought home forces from the country , officials have ruled out getting involved in a combat role . But , "  when we have the unique capabilities to help avert a massacre , then I believe the United States of America can not turn a blind eye , " the President said . Will anyone stop ISIS ? Syria Who 's fighting ? What started as a popular protest against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has swelled into a civil war of more than three years and counting . The armed opposition is made up of various groups , including the Free Syrian Army . The government says it is fighting terrorists . Why ? Rebels want an end to the rule of al-Assad , whose government is determined to keep power . The United Nations says more than 150,000 people have been killed in the past three years . "  No one is winning ; no one can win , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . "  Even if one side were to prevail in the short term , the devastating toll will have sown the seeds of future conflict . " What 's the latest ? ISIS , also known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria or the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , is using the opportunity of war to carve a swath of territory deep inside Syria . It has consolidated control over several towns along the Euphrates River in the east . "  ISIL is no longer simply a terrorist organization . It is now a full-blown army , " said Brett McGurk , with the U.S. State Department . Terror havens in Syria and Iraq : Five reasons the West should worry Israel and Gaza Who 's fighting ? Israel is faced off against the Palestinian side , which includes Hamas , Islamic Jihad and the Palestine Liberation Organization . Counties in the region , and outside , also have a stake in the outcome . Egypt is attempting to help broker a peace , with the United States playing a supporting role in talks . "  It 's a proxy war for control or dominance in the Middle East , " said CNN 's Fareed Zakaria . Why ? Israel is calling for Hamas , the militant Islamic group that runs Gaza , to disarm . Hamas , meanwhile , wants an end to the Israeli blockade of Gaza , a measure Israel says is necessary to stop weapons being smuggled in . It 's a decades-old conflict , with potentially new complications . Gaza : Why it 's different this time What 's the latest ? A brief period of calm was shattered Friday . The Israeli military said it carried out strikes on militant targets in Gaza in response to a barrage of rocket fire after a three-day truce came to an end without a longer-term agreement . Renewed hostilities mean more misery for the people of Gaza . Close to 1,900 people have been killed there so far , including hundreds of children , according to Palestinian health authorities . The United Nations estimates at least 70 % of the dead were civilians . Israeli officials have said 64 Israeli soldiers and three civilians in Israel died . Israel 's Iron Dome missile defense system intercepts many of the rockets fired at populated areas of the country . What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ? Libya Who 's fighting ? Nearly three years after Libyan rebels overthrew a longtime dictator , the country is no closer to a lasting peace . In fact , the fighting is the worst it has been since the revolution . The civil war that culminated in Moammar Gadhafi 's 2011 death has given way to warring militias , which outnumber and outgun the country 's security forces . Why ? The overthrow of Gadhafi created a power vacuum . Many inside Libya are desperate to get out while others are moving in to take advantage of the increased instability . "  These people do not recognize borders . For them , if there 's an opportunity for them to act , they act , " Libyan Foreign Minister Mohamed Abdelaziz said about extremists . "  And we should not give the opportunity to them . " What 's the latest ? Witnesses reported heavy shelling and fighting last month around the international airport in Tripoli , which has been under attack by an alliance of powerful militias from the city of Misrata and Islamist groups . The fighters are trying to take the airport from militias from the city of Zintan , which have controlled it since the 2011 revolution . With Tripoli under siege , Libya 's newly elected parliament met in far-away Tobruk . It called for an immediate cease-fire under U.N. supervision . "  I must really underline the fact that all the factors at the moment are leading in the direction of a failed state , " Abdelaziz said . July : U.S. Embassy in Libya evacuates personnel	The Iraqi government and security forces are battling ISIS A three-year civil war is raging in Syria "  No one is winning ; no one can win , " says U.N. secretary-general Official warns Libya is at risk of becoming a failed state
President Putin 's endgame in Crimea is now clear -- and the West has only a few days to act . On Thursday , the Crimean parliament voted 78-0 to hold a referendum on March 16 . The main question will ask whether voters want the region to secede from Ukraine and become part of Russia . Previously , a referendum had been scheduled for March 30 on the less politically charged question of whether Crimea should have greater autonomy within Ukraine . If , as expected , a majority endorses secession , the story will change overnight from one about Russia 's unprovoked military invasion to one about a minority 's right to self-determination . That is the Kremlin 's plan . European leaders , already having trouble agreeing on a response to naked aggression , will find it much harder to oppose the popular will of the Crimean people . At that point , risky actions to force Crimea back into Ukraine will become difficult for Western politicians to explain to their own domestic voters . The legal status of the planned referendum is more than murky . Ukrainian acting president Oleksandr Turchynov has called it a "  farce " and a "  crime against the nation . " But , for democratic politicians -- and the societies they represent -- going against a majority vote is never easy . If Russia can change the subject in this way , Crimean secession will become an established fact . Putin , who assured journalists on Tuesday that Russia did not mean to annex Crimea , will then be able to claim that he was "  forced to yield to the will of the people . " With just a few days to turn the situation around , temporizing needs to stop . Allowing Russia "  more time " at this point , as some European leaders have proposed , is exactly what the West should not do . That Russia 's Crimean clients have moved the referendum date forward suggests nervousness in Moscow -- and a recognition that time is of the essence . In the remaining time before March 16 , the West must convince both the Kremlin-connected Russian elite and the population of Crimea that the region 's secession to Russia would be a mistake . Direct threats are counterproductive , but clearly and calmly articulating the consequences of such a move can produce results . First , all the European Union states plus the United States should make absolutely clear that they will not recognize the results of a referendum held while armed bands of "  self-defense forces " roam Crimea . Any decision to secede that results from such a referendum will be considered illegitimate . To increase Moscow 's isolation , it is worth exploring whether a large majority would support a resolution in the United Nations General Assembly -- of course , Russia would veto in the Security Council -- reasserting the inviolability of borders in this case . Second , the EU and U.S. should announce that economic relations would be frozen between the West and a Crimea in legal limbo following secession . In part , this freeze would be enforced by the markets themselves . Crimea 's tourism industry would have to forget about attracting Western visitors to the region 's beaches . International investors would demand huge risk premiums . But Western restrictions on investment and trade with Crimea could amplify the effect . The region 's agricultural produce could be banned from European and Ukrainian markets . Crimeans must be helped to understand the choice they face : between becoming another Abkhazia -- a failed statelet on intravenous drip from Moscow -- or a flourishing region within the new , broader Europe . The EU should quickly earmark some portion of the 11 billion euros already promised to Ukraine for projects to develop Crimea 's economy if it remains Ukrainian . Third , the United States should work out a set of restrictions to place on Russian banks and corporations that do business in a Crimea that has illegally seceded . As economist Anders Aslund has pointed out , existing rules against money laundering could be enforced more rigorously against various Russian entities . All of this needs to be done rapidly . While Washington has reacted quickly as the crisis unfolded , the EU has suffered from its chronic lack of central decision-making authority . The next few days constitute a test . If Brussels can not forge a strong , common position in time , then management of future crises will simply revert to the foreign ministries of Germany , France , and Britain , with the EU 's foreign policy role narrowed to coordinating long-term policies . While spelling out the costs that threaten the Crimean population and the Russian political elite , Western leaders must continue to devise "  off-ramps " to outcomes that Putin could conceivably accept , but that , nevertheless , will not be seen as rewarding aggression . The West can call for a significant increase in Crimea 's political autonomy within Ukraine , negotiated with Kiev . U.S. and European leaders should also speak out far more audibly in favor of minority language and cultural rights . They should have responded with outrage when the Rada , Ukraine 's parliament , canceled the status of Russian as an official language and should now praise the promised veto of this law . It may still be possible to prevent the illegal annexation of Crimea . Putin is sensitive to the danger of splits within his political elite . The West must show him that he has underestimated the extent of political isolation and economic disruption that annexation would cause . It must work on winning the hearts and minds of the Crimean population . The clock is ticking .	Daniel Treisman : Only a few days are left to stop the Crimea breakaway He says if Crimea votes to rejoin Russia , that will greatly strengthen Putin 's position U.S. and EU need to apply economic pressure , make the case for a "  no " vote , he says Treisman : Crimea must see the choice is between prosperity and stagnation
Mental Floss  -- 1 . The Hamburger -- Louis ' Lunch , New Haven , Connecticut This burger did not come from Louis ' so ketchup is OK . There are competing claims for the coveted "  Inventor of the Hamburger " title , but according to Louis ' Lunch  and the Library of Congress , for that matter  , this small New Haven restaurant takes the prize . The story goes something like this : One day in 1900 , a rushed businessman asked owner Louis Lassen for something quick that he could eat on the run . Lassen cooked up a beef patty , put it between some bread , and sent the man on his way . Pretty modest beginnings for arguably the most popular sandwich of all-time , huh ? If you visit Louis ' today , you 'll find that not much has changed . The Lassen family still owns and operates the restaurant , the burgers are still cooked in ancient gas stoves , and , just like then , there is absolutely no ketchup allowed . 2 . The Fried Twinkie -- The ChipShop , Brooklyn , New York Sometimes what counts is n't being the inventor , it 's being the innovator . Take the fried Twinkie , for example . The Twinkie -- in all its indestructible glory -- has been around for ages , but when ChipShop owner Christopher Sell had the brilliant idea to freeze the snack , dip it in batter , and deep-fry it , the Twinkie took gluttony to new heights . Even The New York Times raved about how "  something magical " happens when you taste the deep-fried Twinkie 's "  luscious vanilla flavor . " Sell , who was trained in classical French cuisine , did n't start with the Twinkie , though . In his native England , he fried up everything from M&M 's to Mars bars . 3 . Root Beer Float -- Myers Avenue Red Soda Co. , Cripple Creek , Colorado If you thought what happened up on Cripple Creek only happened in song , you 're sorely mistaken . In August of 1893 , a failed gold-miner-turned-soda-company-owner named Frank J. Wisner was drinking a bottle of his Myers Avenue Red root beer while looking up at Cow Mountain . Just then , a full moon illuminated the snowcap on the otherwise black mountain , and Wisner had a brilliant idea -- float a scoop of vanilla ice cream in a glass of his root beer . The new drink was christened the "  black cow " and became an instant classic . Today , of course , most of us call it a root beer float . 4 . Corn Dogs -- Cozy Dog Drive In , Springfield , Illinois In 1946 , Ed Waldmire , Jr. , revolutionized the stick-meat world when he debuted the Cozy Dog -- the first corn dog on a stick . At first , he wanted to call his creation the "  Crusty Cur , " but his wife convinced him to change the name to "  Cozy Dog . " She felt people would n't want to eat something described as "  crusty . " Good call , Mrs. Waldmire . Shortly after the Cozy Dog 's inception , the Cozy Dog Drive In opened alongside old Route 66 and has been serving up corn dogs ever since . 5 . The Pizzeria -- Lombardi 's , New York City , New York Pizza has existed in one form or another for a long time , but America got her first true pizzeria when Gennaro Lombardi opened up a small grocery store in New York City 's Little Italy . An employee named Anthony "  Totonno " Pero started selling pizzas out of the back , and in no time , Lombardi 's was concentrating on its burgeoning pizza business instead of plain old groceries . In 1905 , the establishment was licensed as a pizzeria , and it 's stayed that way ever since . Well , almost . The original restaurant closed in 1984 but reopened down the street 10 years later . On its 100th anniversary in 2005 , Lombardi 's decided to offer its pizza for the same price it 'd been sold for in 1905 -- 5 cents a pie . Needless to say , the line wrapped around the block . 6 . Fat Darrell -- R.U. Hungry , New Brunswick , New Jersey You may not know what the Fat Darrell is , but when you hear what it contains , you 'll understand why it 's truly a work of inspired genius . Since 1979 , Rutgers University has played host to a collection of mobile food vans collectively known as the "  Grease Trucks . " Originally , they served a sandwich called the Fat Cat , which contained two cheeseburger patties , French fries , lettuce , tomato , and onions . Then one night in 1997 , a hungry  and broke  student named Darrell W. Butler convinced one of the vendors to put chicken fingers , mozzarella sticks , French fries , and marinara sauce on a sandwich . Strangely , the concoction sounded so appetizing that the next 10 people in line ordered it , and the Fat Darrell became a mainstay at the Grease Trucks . Hey , not any old sandwich gets to be named Maxim magazine 's top "  Meat Hog " sandwich . 7 . Philly Cheesesteak -- Pat 's King Of Steaks , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Philadelphia is known for many things  Ben Franklin , the Liberty Bell , and Rocky , for starters  , but fine dining is not really its forte . That 's OK , though , because Philly is the home of Pat 's King of Steaks , and Pat 's King of Steaks is where the Philly cheesesteak was born . One day back in 1932 , hot dog stand owners Pasquale  Pat  and Harry Olivieri decided to change things up and make a steak sandwich with onions . A cab driver who ate at Pat 's daily insisted on trying the new sandwich , and with the first bite declared , "  Hey , forget ` bout those hot dogs , you should sell these ! " Cab drivers know fast food about as well as anyone , so the brothers did just what the cabbie suggested . In no time , the modest stand turned into the Pat 's that exists today . Controversy remains , however , over who 's responsible for putting the cheese in cheesesteak . Pat 's claims it was the first to do so  in 1951  , but across-the-street rival Joe Vento of Geno 's Steaks  opened 1966  insists he added the finishing touches . 8 . Onion Rings -- Pig Stand , Dallas , Texas According to most sources , the onion ring was invented when a careless cook at a Pig Stand location in Dallas accidentally dropped an onion slice in some batter , then pulled it out and tossed it in the fryer for lack of a better destination . Now , you 'd think inventing the onion ring would be enough for one restaurant chain , but not Pig Stand . The company also lays claim to opening America 's first drive-in , inventing Texas toast , and being one of the first restaurants to advertise using neon signs . Not bad for a little outfit from Texas . 9 . Derby Pie -- Melrose Inn , Prospect , Kentucky A Kentucky favorite , derby pie is a chocolate and pecan tart with a pastry-dough crust -- and that 's about all we know about it . Why ? Because the recipe is jealously guarded by the Kern family . Melrose Inn manager George Kern created derby pie in the mid-1950s with help from his parents , Walter and Leaudra , and the dessert was such a hit that the family was soon baking the treat full-time . In fact , Mrs. Kern , being the crafty monopolist she was , copyrighted the name , and to this day , you can only get real "  Derby-Pie ® " through Kern 's Kitchen , Inc. . Not only that , but a man from New England once handed Leaudra a blank check for the recipe so that his daughter could make the pie at home . She refused.I E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Famous American foods created across United States Connecticut diner claims creation of the hamburger Onion rings were courtesy of cook at Pig Stand in Texas Fat Darrell came from "  Grease Trucks " at Rutgers University
Hargeisa , Somaliland  CNN  -- In 1856 , British explorer Richard Burton described Somalia as a nation of poets . It may seem an unlikely moniker for a country that has since become defined by piracy , state collapse , and the many horrors unleashed by Al-Shabaab -- the Islamic extremists who control much of the country . But , much has changed since then . Despite appearances , the country used to be one of East Africa 's most dynamic artistic enclaves , and much of the region 's cultural activity took place in Hargeisa , the capital of Somaliland , the internationally unrecognized state that broke away from Somalia in 1991 . "  Hargeisa used to be the cultural hub for the Somali republic . There was a beautiful Chinese-built theater ; also the main public library , at one time the biggest in Somalia , " recalls Jama Muse Jama , who six years ago founded the Hargeisa Book Fair . The theater and library , like much of Hargeisa , was flattened during the civil war that preceded Somalia 's collapse and Somaliland 's declaration of independence . Now , Jama is hoping to restore some of what his country lost . "  If at the end of the fair , we have one more reader , we have succeeded , " he says . The fair , which takes place during a week in August  this year 's ended August 13  , has become one of the most anticipated literary events in East Africa . Part book expo , part cultural festival  poets , musicians and dancers are as popular as the author panels  , the fair attracts a variety of local literary legends like Hadraawi , widely considered the most famous living Somali poet . Outside , the hundreds in attendance throng around stalls selling new books published by the likes of the Redsea Online Publishing/Ponte Invisible -- a publishing company run by Jama -- and second-hand tomes , all to meet demand in this literature-hungry city . The city 's dedication to the written word is particularly poignant , given that the Somali language did n't even have its own written alphabet until 1972 . That year , Somali President Mohammed Siad Barre introduced a standard written version of the Somali language using Latin script . The Barre regime 's move -- driven by a 5 % literacy rate  according to the United Nations  -- represented a new approach beyond the oral poetic tradition . "  Government workers were given three months to learn . Anyone who failed was fired , " recalls Said Salah Ahmed , an author , playwright and teacher of Somali at the University of Minnesota , who was a school principal at the time . As the campaign stretched from the cities to the towns to the smallest villages , he says teaching took place "  wherever -- under trees , under walls , wherever there was shade . " Jama also considers that period fondly . "  It was one of the best things that happened in Somali society , " he says . While the first books to be published in the new language were mostly textbooks , there was also a smattering of European classics , with "  Animal Farm , " "  Gulliver 's Travels , " and even Dale Carnegie 's "  How To Win Friends And Influence People " appearing on book shelves , according to Liban Ahmad , a Somali writer and teacher based in London . The period also brought on new forms of Somali literature , alongside poetry . "  Modern trends started to emerge , including original fiction works , " recalls Mohamoud Shiekh Dalmar , who was working with the Somali Broadcasting Service . According to the UN , the Somali literacy rates climbed to 55 % by the mid-1970s . Such progress was n't sustainable though , as civil war and drought ultimately split the country . By 1990 , literacy rates fell to 24 % . Jama recalls books being burned at his school library . The official excuse given , he says , was that they fostered colonial sentiment , but he reasons that it was because they underlined Somaliland 's separateness . "  It had been a flowering . But everything was killed , " he says . Still , in the Somali diaspora aboad , a handful of authors , like Saleh and Dalmar , did their best to uphold the literary traditions . Now , with the help of writing and photography workshops held at the book fair , a new generation of young Somali writers will hopefully pick up the tradition . Saleh points out that new books are again being translated into Somali . Jama himself remains dedicated to his path : using the occasion of the 2014 fair to launch a new , permanent , European Union-funded cultural centre in Hargeisa . Somaliland 's capital may yet reclaim its cultural-hub status . All it takes is a little imagination , which Jama has in spades .	Somaliland hosts one of the most anticipated book fair in East Africa The literary tradition is new . Somililand did n't have a standard alphabet until 1972 Now , Somali authors are hoping to nurture a new generation of authors
CNN  -- The entire population of Taloga , Oklahoma , was evacuated Thursday because of a raging fire that has burned tens of thousands of acres , officials said Friday . Wildfire threatens a house in Edmond , Oklahoma , on Friday . All of the residents , about 400 , left the Dewey County town , but have been allowed back in , said Bill Challis with the fire department in Clinton , Oklahoma , south of Taloga . Clinton is among dozens of fire departments helping battle the blaze . Wildfires have been burning in northwest and central Oklahoma since Thursday , according to the state Department of Emergency Management . A large wildfire also came within inches of homes north of Edmond late Friday morning and was still burning during the noon hour , CNN affiliate KOCO reported . Oklahoma Department of Public Safey officials also report that one to two city blocks of Weleetka , in Okfuskee County , were on fire , according to KOCO . The Federal Emergency Management Agency has approved the state 's request for federal assistance for fighting the wildfire in Dewey County , where Taloga is located . The original call about the Taloga fire came in Thursday at about 12:30 p.m.  1:30 p.m. ET  , Challis said . Officials do n't know how the fire started . Brett Russell , also with the Clinton Fire Department , said about 60,000 acres have burned . There are no reports of anyone injured . As of about 11 a.m. Friday  12 p.m. ET  , the Taloga fire was about 50 to 60 percent contained . About 80 fire departments helping battle the blaze , Russell told CNN . An Oklahoma Army National Guard Blackhawk helicopter was helping with aerial fire suppression , according to the state .	All residents of Taloga , Oklahoma , were evacuated because of fire Entire population of about 400 people allowed back in Wildfires have been burning in northwest and central Oklahoma since Thursday Wildfire also burning near towns of Edmond , Waleeka
CNN  -- You may not know the name Douglas Trumbull , but you certainly know his very influential work . Trumbull is a special-effects giant . Among the movies that feature his magic are Stanley Kubrick 's "  2001 : A Space Odyssey , " Steven Spielberg 's "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind , " Ridley Scott 's "  Blade Runner " and Terrence Malick 's "  The Tree of Life . " His creation of Showscan , a hypervivid film process that combined large-format film with a high-speed frame rate , was a pioneering moment for film projection . Even though Showscan never caught on in Hollywood , it helped usher in similar technology used in the "  Back to the Future " ride that Universal Studios ran for more than a decade at its U.S. theme parks . An inveterate inventor -- he says he believes he has "  23 or 24 " patents and even devised an appliance to fix the BP oil spill a couple years ago -- Trumbull has continued tinkering with image technology . Though he sold Showscan many years ago , he combined with its current owners to create "  Showscan Digital , " a format that allows moving images to be shot at 120 frames per second  fps  -- five times as fast as the standard film speed of 24 fps . The high-rate images can be combined with those shot at the standard speed to offer particular detail to action scenes , which often blur images at 24 fps . Now Trumbull is trying , once again , to expand the capabilities of movies . He 's in post-production on a short film to show off his new creation , a format that makes use of high frame rates , 4K digital detail , 3-D imagery and large screens to create a theatrical experience he describes , proudly , as "  substantially superior to IMAX . "  He knows IMAX -- he was an executive of the company when it merged with his special-effects shop . Of course , Trumbull has been here before . He had similar hopes for Showscan , but was stymied when neither studios nor exhibitors wanted to make the investment in new equipment . In the digital age , he has hopes that there 's a market for what he calls an "  immersive " experience . CNN spoke to Trumbull in a phone interview earlier this week . The following is an edited version of our conversation : CNN : What happened to Showscan ? Trumbull : There 's been a bit of confusion about Showscan . The basic problem was , it was film and it was 70 mm and it was a lot of it , so the negative cost was very high , the print costs were very high , and it also required conversion of the projectors and theaters and a lot of costs . I just could n't get any traction in the theatrical movie industry to do it . CNN : So what 's Showscan Digital ? Trumbull : That 's where the confusion has come up . When I talk about it , they think I 'm talking about a revival of Showscan , which it is not . I was contacted by the people who own Showscan about three years ago and they asked : ` Is there anything we can do with Showscan that would be a digital version of it ? ' And I said I do have an idea for an invention that would be a method whereby you could change the frame rate on any pixel or any character or any object or any scene ... dynamically throughout any movie . So you could have a 24-frames-per-second movie but when the car explodes , it 's 60 or 120 . That turned out to be quite a unique idea , and we just did receive a patent on it ... and we got a patent under the rubric of Showscan Digital . I think it 's becoming timely . Peter Jackson is a real big hero of mine because he had the nerve to make "  The Hobbit " at 48 frames per second . CNN : That film 's high frame-rate scenes looked like television to some critics . What went wrong ? Trumbull : High frame rates do make what you want fantastical to look raw and video-like . I agree that that 's a quality "  The Hobbit " started to assume and a lot of people felt really uncomfortable with that .  But  I 've seen the movie all ways -- I 've seen it in 2D at 24 frames , I 've seen it in 3D at 24 frames , and I 've seen it in 3D at 48 frames . And because I 'm so adapted to it , I really like the 48 frames . CNN : Do you think this is similar to when TV went to HD and they had to develop various new techniques ? Trumbull : My take on it -- and I seem to be a complete lone wolf out there -- my belief over many years is if you want to make movies more realistic and more vivid , you have to think about the entire production differently . You have to write a script that 's appropriate to that experience , and you have to start thinking about your movie as a first-person experience , and not the third-person experience of normal cinematic language . CNN : Do you think James Cameron achieved that with "  Avatar " ? Trumbull : I think he got much closer . I think "  Avatar " is much more appropriate to high frame rates because it 's like a ride and it 's futuristic , and vividness and sharp edges and clarity would be an asset . My personal feeling is that ultra-high frame rates and ultra-vivid giant screen movies can be like a window onto reality . And if you recognize it as such , you can write your screenplay , direct your movie , edit it and present it as a live experience -- not like a movie . That 's what I 'm doing it right now . CNN : Does subject matter concern you ? When I think about "  2001 , " "  Blade Runner , " "  Silent Running , " your special effects have a sense of awe . And I find that a lot more powerful than I do watching cars blow up . Trumbull : The important aspect of "  2001 " is it 's designed to be a first-person experience , very much of it . It 's like  the computer  HAL 's point of view . Kubrick wanted to get out of the way and not use traditional melodramatic production techniques . It 's very much long shots that are n't much editorial intrusion . I think there 's one that 's 17 minutes long that 's purely visual , with no dialogue , no suspense , nothing else , except the experience of you , the audience member , feeling like you 're in space , going on this trip . That 's first-person cinema . I do n't think  Kubrick  ever anticipated or even expected that "  2001 " would play on television or make any sense whatsoever on television , because it really does n't . It depends largely on the spectacle of the giant screen and the immersiveness of the giant 70mm medium . I think we 're at a real transitional point where it 's time to start thinking about the possibilities of making a motion-picture experience that 's totally different from television , and much more immersive , and maybe not even compatible with it . If you want to get people to pay extra to go out to a theater , it 's got to be a spectacular experience they ca n't get at home . CNN : What are your thoughts on the film format ? Trumbull : I think film is great . I think film is not dead at all . I agree with some of the criticisms that people like Steven Soderbergh have . It 's probably true that the major studios have fallen into a blockbuster-tentpole syndrome . The problem is that has completely crushed out any innovation or any cinema opportunities for independent or inventive or unusual , nonblockbuster content . That 's pretty much left for television now . I think there 's an incredible opportunity now to experiment with what I generally call "  hypercinema . " I feel because of the technical limitations in the exhibition business , the production values that  the studios are  paying for are not arriving at the audience 's eyes . It 's dim , the screens are small , the brightness is only 1/10 of what they see on television . And people unconsciously know that . You can look at your television or your computer and you 'll see a really vivid , bright image , with tremendous color saturation , and it 's always in focus and you can see it anywhere , anytime you want . IMAX has proved conclusively that audiences will pay more for a superior and more spectacular theatrical presentation . The problem is that all they 're doing is blowing up conventional movies on to a larger screen . No one 's still thinking about it as a different medium . I think it 's a completely new thing . And I think the audience that pays for movies is completely ready for a new thing . When I was a kid , I used to see Cinerama movies and Todd-AO , and it was in the days we had what we used to call roadshows , when we 'd have one spectacular Cinerama theater per town , not 50 . At that time , even when "  2001 " first came out , there were only about 55 or 60 Cinerama theaters in the world . You 'd have a period of time where a movie like "  2001 " would run for months or epic movies like "  Sound of Music " would run for two years . And I think there 's no reason to believe why you ca n't do that again by providing a truly spectacular experience . What if you had a new kind of a movie experience unlike you 've anything you 've seen before , and it 's only running in one theater in each town or each region ? I 'm just interested in breaking the mold and doing something different , because I 'm tired of the same old , same old .	Douglas Trumbull an influential special-effects artist Trumbull 's latest focus : A new kind of cinema format Trumbull 's project would use fast frame rates , huge screens , 4K digital He had similar ideas in '70s and hopes in digital era audiences are receptive
Mental Floss  -- Perhaps your history teachers failed to alert you to these Civil War facts : Jefferson Davis nearly got mugged by an angry female mob ; Abraham Lincoln loved the Confederate anthem "  Dixie , " and Paul Revere was a Civil War casualty . "  Dixie " was was a huge hit across the country and quickly became one of Abraham Lincoln 's favorite tunes . The Civil War , in addition to being among the defining moments of U.S. history , is also the source of some bizarre and surprisingly cool trivia . 1 . Lincoln 's first solution to slavery was a fiasco Early in his presidency , Abe was convinced that white Americans would never accept black Americans . "  You and we are different races , " the president told a committee of "  colored " leaders in August 1862 . " ... But for your race among us there could not be war ... It is better for us both , therefore , to be separated . " Lincoln proposed voluntary emigration to Central America , seeing it as a more convenient destination than Liberia . This idea did n't sit well with leaders like Frederick Douglass , who considered colonization to be "  a safety valve ... for white racism . " Luckily for Douglass  and the country  , colonization failed spectacularly . One of the first attempts was on Île à Vache , a.k.a. Cow Island , a small isle off the coast of Haiti . The island was owned by land developer Bernard Kock , who claimed he had approved a black American colony with the Haitian government . No one bothered to call him on that claim . Following a smallpox outbreak on the boat ride down , hundreds of black colonizers were abandoned on the island with no housing prepared for them , as Kock had promised . To make matters worse , the soil on Cow Island was too poor for any serious agriculture . In January 1864 , the Navy rescued the survivors from the ripoff colony . Once Île à Vache fell through , Lincoln never spoke of colonization again.Mental Floss : 6 Historical Events People Love to Reenact 2 . Hungry ladies effectively mugged Jefferson Davis The Confederacy 's image hinged on the notion that the rebellious states made up a unified , stable nation . However , the hard times of war exposed just how much disunity there was in Dixieland . Civilians in both the North and South had to cope with scarcity and increased food prices , but the food situation was especially bad in the South because outcomes on the battlefield were directly linked to the CSA 's currency -- rising food prices were hard enough to deal with without wild fluctuations in what the money in your pocket could buy . Invading northern troops , of course , poured salt on the wounds of scarcity , burning crops and killing livestock . But in Richmond , Virginia , those who could n't afford the increasingly pricey food blamed the Confederate government . Hungry protesters , most of whom were women , led a march "  to see the governor " in April 1863 that quickly turned violent . They overturned carts , smashed windows , and drew out Governor John Letcher and President Jefferson Davis . Davis threw money at the protesters , trying to get them to clear out , but the violence continued . So , he threatened to order the militia to open fire , which settled things down pretty quickly . 3 . The Union used hot air balloons and submarines The balloons , directed by aeronaut Thaddeus Lowe , were used to spot enemy soldiers and coordinate Federal troop movements . During his first battlefield flight , at First Bull Run , Lowe landed behind Confederate lines , but he was rescued . The Union Army Balloon Corps got no respect from military officials , and Lowe resigned when he was assigned to serve , at a lower pay grade , under the director of the Army Corps of Engineers . In all , the balloonists were active for a little under two years . Mental Floss : 7 Modern Flying Car Designs In contrast , the paddle-powered Alligator submarine saw exactly zero days of combat  which is why it ca n't officially be called the U.S.S. Alligator  . It suffered from some early testing setbacks , but after some speed-boosting tweaks , it was dispatched for Port Royal , South Carolina , with an eye towards aiding in the sack of Charleston . It was to be towed south by the U.S.S. Sumpter , but it had to be cut loose off of North Carolina on April 2 , 1863 , when bad weather struck . Divers and historians are still looking for the Alligator today . But the undersea capers do n't end there . A few months after the loss of the Alligator , the CSA launched their own submarine , the H.L. Hunley , named after its inventor . The Hunley attacked and sank the U.S.S. Housatonic off the coast of Charleston , making it the first submarine ever to sink an enemy ship . The only problem is that it also sank soon afterwards , and all eight crewmen drowned . 4 . "  Dixie " was only a northern song The precise details of when composer Dan Emmett wrote "  Dixie " seemed to change every time he told the story  and some even dispute that Emmett was the author in the first place  . But he first performed it in New York City in 1859 , with the title "  I Wish I Was in Dixie 's Land . " Emmett was a member of a blackface troupe known as the Bryant 's Minstrels , but he was indignant when he found out that his song had become an unofficial anthem of the Confederacy . He went on to write a musicians ' marching manual for the Northern army . Before and during the war , the song was a huge hit in New York and across the country , and quickly became one of Abraham Lincoln 's favorite tunes . The day after the Surrender at Appomattox , Lincoln told a crowd of Northern revelers , "  I have always thought ` Dixie ' was one of the best tunes I have ever heard . Our adversaries over the way attempted to appropriate it , but I insisted yesterday that we fairly captured it . " He then asked a nearby band to play it in celebration . 5 . Paul Revere was at Gettysburg Paul Joseph Revere , that is the famous Paul Revere 's grandson . Unfortunately for fans of the first Revere and his partly mythical Ride , PJR was in the infantry , not the cavalry , with the 20th Massachusetts . He and his brother Edward were captured at the Battle of Ball 's Bluff in October 1861 . After being released in a prisoner exchange , the Reveres rejoined the fight . Paul was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in September , 1862 , shortly before he was wounded in the brutal Battle of Antietam  a.k.a. the Battle of Sharpsburg  . Edward , however , was n't so lucky -- he was one of more than 2,000 Union soldiers who did n't make it out of Sharpsburg , Maryland , alive . By the following year , Paul was promoted again to Colonel , leading the 20th Massachusetts at Chancellorsville and , in his final days , at Gettysburg . On July 3 , 1863 , he was mortally wounded by a shell fragment that pierced his lung , and he died the next day . He was posthumously promoted again to Brigadier General , and is buried in Cambridge , Massachusetts.Mental Floss : 10 Things to Remember About Memorial Day 6 . Mark Twain fired one shot and then left At least , that 's what he claimed in "  The Private History of a Campaign that Failed , " a semi-fictional short story published in 1885 , after The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn , but before A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court . In it , he recounts a whopping two weeks spent in 1861 with a Confederate militia in Marion County , Missouri . But he introduces the tale by saying that even the people who enlisted at the start of the war , and then left permanently , "  ought at least be allowed to state why they did n't do anything and also to explain the process by which they did n't do anything . Surely this kind of light must have some sort of value . " Twain writes that there were fifteen men in the rebel militia , the "  Marion Rangers , " and he was the second lieutenant , even though they had no first lieutenant . After Twain 's character shoots and kills a Northern horseback rider , he is overwhelmed by the sensation of being a murderer , "  that I had killed a man , a man who had never done me any harm . That was the coldest sensation that ever went through my marrow . " However , his grief is slightly eased by the realization that six men had fired their guns , and only one had been able to hit the moving target . 7 . The armies were n't all-male Hundreds of women on both sides pulled a Mulan , assuming male identities and appearances so that they might fight for their respective nations . Some of them did it for adventure , but many did it for monetary reasons : the pay for a male soldier was about $ 13 month , which was close to double what a woman could make in any profession at the time . Also , being a man gave someone a lot more freedoms than just being able to wear pants . Remember , this was still more than half a century away from women 's suffrage and being a man meant that you could manage your monthly $ 13 wages independently . So it should come as no surprise that many of these women kept up their aliases long after the war had ended , some even to the grave . Their presence in soldiers ' ranks was n't the best-kept secret . Some servicewomen kept up correspondence with the home front after they changed their identities , and for decades after the war newspapers ran article after article chronicling the stories of woman soldiers , and speculating on why they might break from the accepted gender norms . Perhaps not surprisingly , in 1909 the U.S. Army denied that "  any woman was ever enlisted in the military service of the United States as a member of any organization of the Regular or Volunteer Army at any time during the period of the civil war . " For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Hundreds of women in both armies dressed as men so they could serve Confederate anthem "  Dixie " was a favorite of Abraham Lincoln 's Confederate President Jefferson Davis was effectively mugged by a gang of women Paul Revere 's grandson fought at the Battle of Gettysburg
Rolling Stone  -- "  Loud " is the perfect name for Rihanna 's summer tour , which kicked off with last night 's sold-out gig at Baltimore 's 1st Mariner Arena . Beyond just the volume of the show -- which was considerable -- the theme prevailed through the set , built around a giant speaker cabinet ; the costumes  mostly neon and shiny  ; and the entire production itself : a gloriously over-the-top spectacle perfectly befitting the singer , who seems to produce chart-toppers by the dozen . The show began with a blitzkrieg of video , as four hanging , shifting circular video screens joined four giant stationary ones is projecting Rihanna 's arrival . She wore an electric blue mini-trenchcoat and hot pink stilleto boots with neon green heels and immediately belted out her Number One hit , "  Only Girl  In the World  " from her 2010 album , also titled "  Loud . " Photos : Rihanna 's Best Looks Before the audience could catch its breath , the singer had tossed the trench , revealing a day-glo bikini , picked up a gang of matching day-glo-covered back-up dancers and shifted directly into "  Disturbia , " another Number One hit , this one from 2007 's "  Good Girl Gone Bad " -- and then seamlessly segued into another hit , 2007 's "  Shut Up and Drive , " replete with back-up dancers dressed as crash-test dummies bashing a neon-graffiti-covered car with bats . Over nearly two hours -- a very long set for such a busy production -- Rihanna maintained a relentless pace , working her way through 24 songs , six different wardrobes and endless set changes , all without any significant energy dip . The deft production included several built-in musical and video interludes -- including a staggering number of guitar solos -- to keep from going dark during the changes . Excerpts from Rihanna 's Rolling Stone Cover Story One of the most impressive spectacles was a very erotic S&M - themed mini-set , launched with a fairly faithful cover of Prince 's "  Darling Nikki , " during which Rihanna , dressed in a tuxedo and toting a cane , spanked , groped and pretended to smack three nearly nude female dancers . By the time she had transitioned into "  Loud 's " "  S&M " -- another Number One hit -- Rihanna 's tux had been stripped off to reveal a white bondage corset and she was wearing handcuffs . Nearly nude men and a female audience member were added to the mix before the whole thing ended  cutely  in a pillow fight . In a military-themed mini-set including 2009 hit "  Hard , " Rihanna rode in atop a double-barreled pink tank that shot T-shirts into the crowd , flanked by sexy-soldier costumed dancers with pink rifles . When "  Breakin ' Dishes " segued into "  Glamorous Life , " the singer barreled to the back of the arena , where she rode a platform revealing Sheila E-style stand-up drums and played an impressive solo . Video : Rihanna 's Hot Rolling Stone Cover Shoot Soon , she was on to outfit six -- a gold lamé mini-dress -- and her encore , which moved from her Number One hit with Eminem , "  Love the Way You Lie , " to her Number One hit with Jay-Z , "  Umbrella . " It was understated compared to the rest of the show -- with only a squadron of tuxedoed back-up dancers and a blizzard of pink confetti -- but it was impressive that she was still singing and dancing at such a pace . It was a even more remarkable that there were still more huge hits left to play . She did each one proud . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	For over nearly two hours , Rihanna maintained a relentless pace One of the most impressive spectacles was a very erotic S&M - themed mini-set Rihanna dressed in a tuxedo to cover Prince 's "  Darling Nikki "
CNN  -- Who says we ca n't strike a balance between energy exploration and wildlife protection ? For years , a false either/or argument has stalled progress in Washington on energy development . But now we have a chance to both develop and protect one of our nation 's natural treasures . Lying west of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , and roughly the size of Indiana , the nearly 23 million-acre National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska supports a stunning diversity and abundance of wildlife considered globally significant by scientists . The region also contains hundreds of millions of barrels of oil . Given today 's polarized politics , is it possible to protect these lands while tapping their resources ? Emphatically yes . For proof , look no farther than the August 13 announcement by U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar of a strategic plan that provides a responsible and equitable approach to managing the reserve . Opinion : Next global warming worry : Thawing tundra The new guidelines would make 11.8 million acres -- roughly half the reserve -- available for oil and gas leasing , while protecting important wildlife and waterfowl habitat in the remaining half . As Salazar said , the plan "  will provide a road map to help facilitate the transition from leasing and cautious exploration to production and smart development " and "  builds on efforts to help companies develop the infrastructure that 's needed to bring supplies online . " This plan is great news for the caribou , grizzly bears , wolves and dense populations of peregrine falcons , golden eagles and other nesting raptors that live and breed on these lands . The offshore and coastal areas also provide important habitats for seals , beluga whales and polar bears . The Teshekpuk Lake area is one of the most important goose molting habitats in the circumpolar Arctic , used by tens of thousands of Pacific brant , white-fronted , snow and Canada geese . Rare yellow-billed loons , spectacled eiders and millions of other migratory birds from the Pacific , Central , Mississippi and Atlantic flyways , and from as far away as South America , journey each year to the wetlands , ponds , lakes , streams and rivers on the reserve 's coastal plain . The region has also sustained Alaska Native communities for thousands of years . The reserve was originally established by President Warren G. Harding in 1923 when the U.S. Navy was converting its fleet from coal to oil , and has been managed by the Bureau of Land Management since 1976 . Opinion : Why we should look to the arctic Although this spectacular area was set aside as a "  petroleum reserve , " the secretary of interior was given the legal authority and responsibility to ensure the protection of the environmental , fish and wildlife , and historical or scenic values there . About 1.5 million acres is already leased for oil and gas development . Salazar has publicly committed to pursuing a policy of accelerated development by offering annual lease sales in the reserve , the next in November , while also protecting ecologically important and sensitive areas . Beyond protecting these irreplaceable lands , this plan demonstrates that energy and environmental policy need not be in conflict . We see this balanced , responsible approach unfolding around the world , from the protection of the vast Canadian Boreal forest to the creation of the Coral Sea marine reserve off the coast of Australia , both of which preserve critical but fragile resources while strengthening standards for sustainable use . But this way of thinking is not really new . It harkens back to President Theodore Roosevelt 's vision for sustainable and achievable conservation to protect the environment while still enjoying the economic benefits of our natural resources . The proposed National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska plan is an important step in the right direction for all Americans , including Alaska natives , sportsmen and other conservationists who want to balance energy exploration with wildlife protection . But it 's not a done deal ; a final decision is expected in December . By dropping the old debate , Washington can demonstrate that a new era of compromise over conflict is possible . Instead of either/or , this is a win-win . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Rebecca Rimel , Dale Hall : National Petroleum Reserve has abundant wildlife and oil New plan would open half the Alaska reserve  11.8 million acres  to oil , gas leasing Writers : Wildlife such as caribou , bears , eagles , whales , polar bears would be protected They say the plan balances energy exploration needs and conservation concerns
CNN  -- A pair of Georgia men faced more than a half-hour of skeptical questions from reporters Friday as they defended their claim that they stumbled upon the body of Bigfoot while hiking in a remote North Georgia forest . The thawed body of a creature reputed to be Bigfoot reportedly weighs more than 500 pounds . Introduced by a publicist and beside a man who promoted what turned out to be a fake Bigfoot discovery in 1995 , Matthew Whitton and Rick Dyer repeatedly said that their claim is not a hoax and that scientific analysis will prove it . "  We were not looking for Bigfoot . ... We would n't know what we were doing if we did , " said Whitton , a police officer on leave after being shot in the hand while making an arrest . "  I did n't believe in Bigfoot at the time . ... But you 've got to come to terms with it and realize you 've got something special . And that 's what it was . " The men say they were hiking in early June when they discovered the body of a 7-foot-7 , 500-pound half-ape , half-human creature near a stream . They also claim to have spotted about three similar living creatures -- and showed reporters video stills of what they say is one of those creatures shadowing them through the woods . Watch report of scientist skeptical of Bigfoot claim " The announcement , which the men first made on the Internet radio show "  Squatch Detective " several weeks ago , has been greeted with healthy skepticism , even among some Bigfoot enthusiasts . Scientists , including the head of North Georgia College and State University 's biology department , have said it 's unlikely a tribe of 7-foot-tall creatures would have avoided discovery in a region popular among hikers , hunters and vacationers . Several Web sites have popped up questioning the claim and comparing a photo that the men say is the creature 's body inside a freezer to a widely available Bigfoot costume . On Friday , Whitton acknowledged creating a pair of videos posted on the Internet video site YouTube , one in which his brother poses as a scientist and another in which Whitton briefly seems to admit that the body is a fake . "  It seems that the stalkers have busted us in a hoax , " he says in the video . But then adds , "  we still have a corpse . We just wanted to give you something to do for the weekend . " At Friday 's news conference , Whitton first said that no video existed in which he calls the discovery a hoax . But after speaking to Tom Biscardi , the self-described "  Real Bigfoot Hunter " who has been searching for the creature of legend since 1971 , he said the video was made "  to have a little fun with it " and was originally intended to throw off the "  psychos " who had stalked him and his family since the men first made their claim . iReport.com : Have you seen ` Bigfoot ' ? The two also promoted a Web site registered to Whitton on June 16 and said they plan to write a book about their experience . Friday 's news conference was held in Palo Alto , California , near the home of Biscardi . About 100 reporters and onlookers attended the event , in a hotel banquet room , including a man who shouted questions while wearing a gorilla suit . Dyer and Whitton said they were carrying a video camera during their hike to film wildlife . They said they handed the body over to Biscardi , who is keeping it at an undisclosed location until a team of scientists can examine it . One of the two photographs the men gave to reporters Friday showed what appears to be the creature 's mouth , an effort to disprove allegations that what 's in the photo is a costume . "  I want to get to the bottom of it , " Biscardi said . "  I 'll tell you what I 've seen and what I 've touched and what I 've felt , what I 've prodded was not a mask sewed onto a bear hide , OK ? " Biscardi acknowledged that he promoted a fake Bigfoot discovery in 1995 , saying the woman who claimed to have the body convinced his staff members before he visited her and discovered that she was mentally ill . Alleged Bigfoot sightings have surfaced from time to time for years , dating to at least the 1800s . The most famous was the so-called Patterson film from 1967 , which is purported to show a tall , furry , apelike creature walking along , at one point looking over its shoulder at the videographer . Most scientists who have studied the film say there 's no way to authenticate it , and many say the creature appears to be a man in a costume . CNN 's Doug Gross and Chuck Afflerback contributed to this report .	North Georgia men say they stumbled upon body while hiking in forest They also claim to have spotted three similar living creatures The body of the furry half man-half ape is 7 feet , 7 inches tall , they say Men wo n't reveal Bigfoot den 's location because they do n't want others disturbed
Legendary soul singer Aretha Franklin is engaged to her "  longtime friend and confidant , " William ` Willie ' Wilkerson , Franklin 's spokeswoman said in a statement . The "  forever friends " are thinking about getting married in Miami Beach , Florida , with a reception afterward aboard a luxury yacht , the statement added . The 69-year-old singer is considering Donna Karan , Valentino and Vera Wang to design her dress . "  We 're looking at June or July for our date and no I 'm not pregnant , LOL ! " Franklin said in the statement . Franklin , the so-called Queen of Soul , was the first woman to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . She is known for hits including "  Respect " and "  Chain of Fools . "	She is marrying her "  longtime friend and confidant , " William ` Willie ' Wilkerson They are looking at June or July for possible wedding dates The "  Queen of Soul " is 69
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Pakistani court on Thursday postponed a decision on whether to grant bail to a Christian girl accused of burning pages of the Quran in a case that has heightened religious tensions in the capital , Islamabad . The Pakistani authorities have come under pressure to guarantee the safety of the girl , identified as Rimsha , in a country where people accused of blasphemy have been killed by members of the public in the past . Tahir Naveed Choudhry , one of Rimsha 's lawyers , has sought bail for her , saying she is legally a minor and should be reunited with her parents rather than kept in a jail where adults are also being held . To back up his argument , Choudhry cited a report on Tuesday by an independent medical board stating that Rimsha was 14 . The doctors who examined her also concluded that her mental age was lower than her chronological age . But on Thursday , the lawyer for the man accusing Rimsha queried the legal validity of the board 's report . The lawyer , Rao Abdur Raheem , said the seven-doctor board was constituted by the local authorities , not by court order . As a result , the court adjourned until Saturday to allow time to verify the medical report . Raheem said he was representing the accuser free of charge because he believes God will reward him for his work . The police have said that Rimsha is illiterate and has not attended school . They said last week that she had told them that she had no idea that there were pages of the Quran inside the documents she alleged to have burned . The court faces a difficult decision amid concerns that if Rimsha is released on bail , she could be at risk from Muslims angered by the allegations against her . Choudhry , who is also a leading member of the Christian community and member of the All Pakistan Minorities Alliance , said Rimsha is too young to stay in prison and would be safer joining her family , who are now in hiding . "  She was crying in the jail and missing her parents , " he said . Choudhry says he expects Rimsha 's trial to last as long as two years . She would remain in custody for its duration , if bail is denied , he said . If she is tried as a minor , she might also receive a milder sentence if convicted . As an adult , she faces a maximum sentence of life in prison for willful desecration of the Quran , Choudhry said Rimsha was accused by a local resident of burning pages of the Muslim holy text after she gathered paper as fuel for cooking in Islamabad , according to the authorities . The man said he found her carrying ashes that included burned pages of the Quran in a small bag . Choudhry has said that nobody actually saw Rimsha burning the papers . The case has already had a severe effect on people in the area . Hundreds of Christian families have had to leave the area for fear of violence , Choudhry said . The police said last week that about 150 people had gathered on August 17 -- the day Rimsha was arrested -- in the area where the neighborhood 's Christian population lives and threatened to burn down their houses . In a statement last week , President Asif Ali Zardari said he had called for an urgent report on the incident and added that vulnerable sections of society must be protected "  from any misuse of the blasphemy law . " "  Blasphemy by anyone can not be condoned but no one will be allowed to misuse blasphemy law for settling personal scores , " said the president 's spokesman , Farhatullah Babar . Critics of the controversial law say it is being used to persecute religious minorities . "  If any Muslim is accused for blasphemy , people do n't burn houses , " Choudhry said . "  But if the accused is a non-Muslim , mob burns our entire villages . " Pakistan is home to about 2 million Christians , who make up more than 1 % of the Islamic nation 's population , according to government statistics . Rimsha 's case "  illustrates the erosion of the rule of law and the dangers faced by those accused of blasphemy in Pakistan , " the human rights advocacy group Amnesty International said in a statement last week . CNN 's Aliza Kassim in Atlanta ; and journalists Aamir Iqbal in Islambad and Katie Hunt in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	The Christian girl 's lawyer says she would be safer in hiding with her family She is accused of burning pages of the Quran while gathering fuel for cooking Her lawyer says she should be granted bail as a minor , citing a medical report The court adjourns until Saturday after the legal validity of the report is queried
Antakya , Turkey  CNN  -- Demonstrators congregated in central squares in Istanbul on Sunday , blowing giant bubbles , blaring music and chanting "  down with the government " for a "  Peace Day " rally . The annual anti-war protest was organized amid a Turkish government effort to push the U.S. to intervene militarily in neighboring Syria . Turkey 's prime minister has made no secret of the fact that he would like the U.S. to lead an effort to topple Syrian president Bashar al-Assad . On condition of anonymity , Turkish government officials have shown respect for the American democratic decision-making process , while also expressing disappointment at President Barack Obama 's announcement Saturday that he would seek congressional approval before launching any attack on Syria . "  We are not thrilled with the delay and uncertainty that today 's announcement entails , " wrote one Turkish official , describing his government 's reaction . On Friday , as the Obama administration was still mulling the possibility of a strike against the al-Assad regime , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan told journalists "  a limited intervention will not satisfy us . " "  It should be like the one in Kosovo , " he added , referring to the 1998-99 U.S.-led campaign to drive Serbian troops out of that contested region in the Balkans . "  The intervention should n't be a one - to two-day hit and run . It should bring the regime to the brink of giving up , " Erdogan said . Erdogan 's outspoken opposition to the al-Assad regime , and his government 's overt and covert support to armed Syrian rebels , have proven divisive in Turkey . A senior Turkish official concedes that the Syrian policy has been criticized as "  un-Islamic " by some influential members of Erdogan 's ruling Justice and Development Party . "  Before the prime minister expressed support for the rebels , Assad had killed only 5,000 people , " the official said , on condition of anonymity . "  But now more than 100,000 people have died , and it has gone from being a sectarian conflict to a sectarian war . " In the Turkish border province of Hatay , which has absorbed some of the hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees who have flooded into Turkey since the conflict erupted more than two years ago , leftist opposition groups prepared to stage their own anti-war rallies in the provincial capital of Antakya . There is substantial sympathy among some members of Hatay 's Alawite religious minority for al-Assad , who is also a member of the Alawite sect . Critics accuse Erdogan of supporting Syria 's overwhelmingly Sunni Muslim armed opposition . The ranks of its armed fighters have swelled over the last year with jihadi volunteers traveling through Turkey to Syria from North Africa , Europe and North America .	Demonstrators at annual anti-war gathering chant "  down with the government " Turkey 's prime minister wants a U.S. attack on Syria that will bring down the government PM Erdogan 's opposition to Syria 's al-Assad regime has proven divisive in Turkey
