CNN Student News  -- November 18 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Washington , D.C. • Dominican Republic / Haiti • Kobe , Japan Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . JOYCE JOSEPH , CNN STUDENT NEWS : That paper airplane can only mean one thing : It 's time for a new edition of CNN Student News ! Carl is at an anti-bullying conference this week . I 'm Joyce Joseph . First up today , the halls of Congress . First Up : Leaders in Congress JOSEPH : The 112th U.S. Congress wo n't start until January , but it 's picking its leaders this week ! These are the men and women who will guide the members of their political parties . In the Senate , things will look very familiar . Democratic Senator Harry Reid is the current Senate majority leader . He 'll hold onto that title . The Democrats lost some seats in the midterms , but still have a majority . On the other side of the Senate aisle , Republican Mitch McConnell , who is the current Senate minority leader , will continue on in that role . Control of the House of Representatives changed hands in the midterms ; the Republicans will be in the majority when the new session starts . They unanimously picked Representative John Boehner to continue as their leader . He 's now in line to be the new speaker of the House . Democrats voted for the current House speaker , Nancy Pelosi , to become the House minority leader . But not all of them . Of the 193 House Democrats who will be part of the next Congress , about 25 percent voted for someone other than Pelosi to be leader . Security Hearing JOSEPH : That 's not the only thing Congress is doing this week . A Senate committee is talking with the head of the Transportation Security Agency about security checks at airports . This is something you 've been talking about on our blog : the advanced scanning machines and security checks . The holiday travel season is almost here , so this is getting a lot of attention . The question is , how do you find a balance between privacy and security ? SEN. GEORGE LEMIEUX ,  R  FLORIDA : I 'm , frankly , bothered by the level of these pat-downs . I 've seen them first hand in airports in Florida . I also understand that you would like to do everything possible to keep American people safe , but there are limits . There has to be a balance here . What can we do to right this balance ? I think we 've gone too far afield . JOHN PISTOLE , TSA ADMINISTRATOR : We know that there are additional things that we could be doing to detect things . And we know , based on pat-downs and AIT , we have detected dozens and dozens of , let 's say , artfully concealed objects that could pose a risk to aviation . New Home Construction JOSEPH : Let 's talk about the economy for a second . Experts look at a lot of things to figure out how it 's doing . That includes the stock market , unemployment numbers and the housing industry . A new report just came out about housing starts . That 's the number of new homes that are being built , and it 's down . During the month of October , housing starts dropped nearly 12 percent . In fact , they 're at their lowest level in 18 months . Analysts expected the number to fall , but they were a little surprised by how much it dropped . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Macias 's 6th grade humanities class at Michael E. Fossum Middle School in McAllen , Texas ! You 're looking at the island of Hispaniola . It 's made up of Haiti and what other country ? Is it : A  Barbados , B  Dominican Republic , C  Jamaica or D  Trinidad ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Haiti takes up about one-third of Hispaniola ; the Dominican Republic takes up the rest . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Protests in Haiti JOSEPH : The Dominican Republic is under a maximum health alert . We 've talked about the cholera outbreak that 's going on in Haiti . Well , Dominican authorities have been worried it might spread to their country , and it looks like it did . Cholera does n't work like the cold or flu ; it usually does n't get passed from person to person . But officials say a Haitian who works in the Dominican Republic brought the disease back over the border after he went home to Haiti recently . He 's the first confirmed case of cholera in Hispaniola 's other nation . Back in Haiti , the cholera outbreak has led to violence in one town . We reported on that yesterday . Ivan Watson went there to check out the situation . BEGIN VIDEO IVAN WATSON , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Roads leading into the city blocked by burning tires , torched cars and even a coffin . Machete-wielding locals patrol the streets . Scenes of chaos less than two weeks before Haiti is supposed to hold presidential elections . We 've seen some crowds of young men out on the street . We 're told that they 're protesting against U.N. peacekeepers . They want them to leave Haiti and Cap Haitien . They blame them for the cholera epidemic in this country . The peacekeepers can do little more for now than put out fires and face off against an angry population terrified by the deadliest cholera epidemic to hit Haiti in more than half a century . MOSES VALCY , TAXI DRIVER : We got so much people sick right now , so the people very , very , very , very scared about cholera right now . WATSON : The U.N. peacekeepers are effectively under siege , targeted by angry locals who almost went after us . The protesters are mostly armed with rocks and bottles . They clearly control most of the streets right now . As the sun set on a second day of riots , tear gas and smoke from dozens of fires continues to rise , over Haiti 's second largest city . END VIDEO CNN Heroes JOSEPH : CNN Heroes : everyday people who are changing the world . Tune in for the all-star tribute on Thanksgiving night . That 's one week from tonight . It airs at 8 p.m. Eastern on CNN . Before that , head to CNNStudentNews.com ; look for our Spotlight section . You 're seeing that right here . That 's where you 'll find our CNN Heroes Teacher and Parent Guide . It has questions and activities that help students identify heroes in history and in their own lives . What 's the Word ? JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the Word ? it 's an adjective that means relating to or about a city ; it 's also the opposite of rural URBAN That 's the word ! The Urban Brain JOSEPH : According to the United Nations , more than half of the world 's population lives in urban areas . If you live in a city , you know there 's a lot going on , a lot to keep track of . What you might not know is that all of that could affect your brain . Doctor Sanjay Gupta explains how and what you can do about it . BEGIN VIDEO DR. SANJAY GUPTA , CNN CHIEF MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT : Life in the concrete jungle , that 's what they call it . And if you live in a city , you are probably used to something like this . Problem is , with so many different distractions , it 's very hard to focus on one particular thing . It 's called controlled perception , toggling back and forth between so many things . And it can leave you feeling mentally exhausted . There 's no question that living in a city has a lot of advantages . Shops are open all hours of the day , you can buy things , there are also lots of cultural attractions . But what we 're finding more and more is that all of that comes with a price . There 's an impact on the brain , as well . In fact , here in Japan , it 's a big topic of discussion . They are talking about the fact that mental illness is one of the biggest health problems here , and they attribute it to this complex , high-tech environment . The thing is , more people live in cities than ever before , and they are living in cities longer than ever . So , all of this is expected to get worse . And here 's why : All that stimulation , well , it can cause spikes to the stress hormone known as cortisol . And as a result , it can be very difficult for the brain to hold things in memory , reduces your self-control , dull your thinking , it may even speed up cognitive decline . Just from living in a city . Think of it as your brain more rapidly aging . But here 's the part I like in all this : Getting away from the stress associated with the chaos in a big city can be as simple as finding a place like this . In fact , recent studies have shown that just glimpses of green areas can make a huge difference in your overall cognitive function . Makes you less distracted , less stressed , and more relaxed . In fact , just a few minutes away from bustling Kobe , Japan , we found this place : a very old park . A lot of people come here for a few minutes a day . There are shrines , and there are good opportunities to find green space , and that really seems to be the key : find green spaces in your city and make sure to use them as much as possible . END VIDEO Before We Go JOSEPH : Finally , have you ever sat in math class and wondered : when am I gon na use this ? Well , this is when . Check out this incredible video from Gawker TV . If she makes 128 shots in 60 seconds , how many shots does she make per second ? Around two . Let me say that again : She 's making two shots every second ! And in case you had n't noticed , she does n't miss a single one . You might call her a show off . Goodbye JOSEPH : We think she 's just a hot shot . Here 's my question : Since she 's doing this in an arcade , do you think she had to pay for the game , or did they give her a free throw ? You might call that pun a foul , but we 'll bounce right back with more tomorrow . For CNN Student News , I 'm Joyce Joseph .	Find out who the leaders will be in the 112th U.S. Congress Journey through a Haitian town where riots have broken out Consider the potential impact of city living on the brain Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Irbil , Iraq  CNN  Rashid Fouad Abdullah is a Kurdish peshmerga fighter in his late 50s , but he 's younger than his gun . It 's a British artillery piece manufactured in 1941 , kept in immaculate condition and in daily service as Kurdish forces tighten their grip around Iraq 's second city , Mosul . Abdullah is one of a few dozen peshmerga stationed on Mount Zartak , overlooking Mosul from the east . The city is still firmly under the control of the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq , but the peshmerga are in buoyant mood , having first stemmed and then partially reversed territorial gains made by ISIS last summer . They expect much more fighting ahead , and from the generals to the volunteers , they all lament a lack of modern weapons that would help them take on ISIS . Abdullah said he would have happily showed us how his old gun worked , but he had only 20 shells left . On Saturday , clutching AK-47s and more ancient rifles , Abdullah and his fellow fighters gazed into the sky and watched the arc of vapor trails as coalition planes hit ISIS targets all around Mosul . Kurdish fighters told us it was the heaviest day of bombardment they had witnessed . We heard well over a dozen loud detonations to the east , but their exact points of impact were difficult to determine through the haze . The peshmerga defensive positions on the mountain are well-fortified , with lines of sandbags and concrete bunkers , and a track carved into the mountain slopes for access . The Kurdish flag -- red , white and green horizontal stripes with a 21-point yellow sun -- flutters above . The fighters said that ISIS occasionally launched Katyusha rockets at their positions , but most fell short . The situation of peshmerga on the plains below is more precarious . There are ISIS positions to the east and south . CNN witnessed an exchange of fire between the two sides at the weekend , with ISIS shooting from an abandoned cement plant just 500 yards away and the peshmerga firing back with heavy machine guns . They have placed large concrete barriers across the highway , once the main road between Irbil and Mosul , but they are vulnerable to mortar fire and Humvees converted into devastating suicide bombs . The commander said he 'd asked for airstrikes time and again , but nothing had happened . The Kurds say they are short of essential equipment such as night-vision goggles . Most infiltration attempts by ISIS come at night or in thick fog . Along one stretch of their defenses , peshmerga have rigged up floodlights to try to detect movement at night , but they do n't provide much coverage . Gen. Sirwan Barzani , a son of the President of Kurdistan , Massoud Barzani , told CNN his troops needed heavy machine guns , anti-tank missiles and armored vehicles above all else . They say 70 % of the 1,000 peshmerga killed in the current conflict have been the victims of improvised bombs . ISIS has rigged villages with dozens of such devices before falling back , some of them ingeniously designed to avoid all but the most forensic inspection . Kurdish fighters have begun building their own armored vehicles . One -- on the front line southwest of Irbil -- looked like a collision between a carnival float and something out of "  Mad Max , " a monstrous contraption of steel plates laid on the chassis of a truck . The Kurds -- highly regarded warriors themselves -- have been struck by the tenacity and skill of their enemy . One senior commander called them "  very professional and well-trained , " noting the complex attack launched from four directions on Kirkuk at the end of January . ISIS ' ability to rig up quickly and detonate explosives has destroyed bridges across the region -- among them a modern concrete bridge on the main highway between Irbil and Mosul now reduced to slabs . Some of the peshmerga , who are at the front lines on two-week rotations , are grandfathers fighting their third or fourth war . Near the village of Gwer , we met Said Mahmoud , a fighter sporting a moustache straight out of colonial India and the traditional white and red checkered headscarf . "  I am too old for this , " he said with a laugh -- and then pointed toward a sandbank in a nearby river where ISIS fighters had several times crossed at night . "  A couple of nights ago , it was raining , " he said . "  They crossed the river by boat . We fought them until the morning . When our reinforcements arrived , we forced them to the other side of the river . Aircraft were attacking them . " The Kurds have built a modern-day version of Hadrian 's Wall along a stretch of territory more than 100 miles long , with bunkers on hilltops , fences and deep trenches designed to keep out ISIS ' Humvee suicide bombs . Some of these vehicles are captured and briskly converted for use by the peshmerga . "  We are getting American weaponry , " joked one fighter . "  It was given by the Americans to the Iraqi army , and when they fled , ISIS took it . Now we are taking it from ISIS . " Kirkuk is an oil-rich city , home to nearly a million Kurds , Arabs and Turkmen and long a fault line in Iraq 's ethnic mosaic . It 's also a target for ISIS . At the end of January while using fog for cover , the group launched an attack on the city from four directions , taking several bridges on the outskirts . It took two days of heavy fighting by peshmerga , supported by airstrikes , to repel the offensive . Fatih Muhammad , the Kurdish commander in the area , expects another assault . Without the peshmerga presence , he insists , the city would fall to ISIS within hours . For now , the two sides are separated only by a narrow canal . The black flag of ISIS can be seen clearly on the other side . The Kurds have established a line of fortifications ; earthmovers scramble to dig deeper and more defensible positions . Just behind them are hastily dug graves for some of the dozens of ISIS fighters killed in the recent battle . In the city , there is an uneasy but peaceful sharing of duties between the peshmerga and the Iraqi police and army . But there 's no doubt who holds the upper hand . While Iraqi police sport new Ford Taurus cars in green and yellow livery , many seem restricted to traffic duty . The peshmerga race through Kirkuk and its surroundings in pickups , and other traffic keeps a respectful distance . The soldiers wave at peshmerga checkpoints but pass Iraqi positions without acknowledgment . Kurdish security officials told CNN they are sure ISIS has cells inside Kirkuk , waiting for orders to launch suicide attacks , as they did two weeks ago on an abandoned hotel used by local police . While the Kurds see Kirkuk as very much their city , few expect or want to be involved in cleansing Mosul of ISIS . It is principally a Sunni Arab city , and the Kurds have no desire to spill their own blood for a place they do n't regard as theirs . They do n't expect the Iraqi security forces , now being retrained and rebuilt , to be ready for such an offensive before the summer . In the meantime , they are intent on strangling ISIS in Mosul by cutting off its freedom of movement and resupply from Syria . They have surrounded it on three sides , with an inner and outer ring of positions . The Iraqi army , supported by Shia militia , is involved in combat in Anbar province , far to the west , and has pushed ISIS units out of Diyala , to the north of Baghdad . But in this part of Iraq , the peshmerga -- supported by airstrikes of growing intensity -- are the ones inflicting real damage on ISIS . And once the terrorists are defeated , the Kurds might be in no mood to compromise on their hard-won gains . Ministers , soldiers and ordinary civilians speak of Iraq becoming a loose confederation , but taking orders from Baghdad is not on their agenda . Ten years ago when I first visited Irbil , the seat of the Kurdish Regional Government , it was a bustling but provincial town . Now dozens of cranes dot the skyline as apartment blocks and office complexes are built . A new ring road is being constructed . Oil is the basis for this new-found wealth , but construction and trading companies are also flourishing . Electricity and water flow uninterrupted . Flights from Europe and the Middle East arrive daily at the new airport . "  Soon this will be like Dubai , but in the mountains , " said one Irbil resident -- without a hint of hyperbole . But first the enemy that a few months back was just 20 miles from the gates of this city must be vanquished . Violence flares after Baghdad 's decade-old curfew lifted	In northern Iraq , Kurds are taking the lead in keeping ISIS at bay They say they need heavy machine guns , anti-tank missiles and armored vehicles
Washington  CNN  -- Pakistani intelligence secretly funneled at least $ 4 million to a Washington front group whose leaders improperly lobbied U.S. officials over the disputed territory of Kashmir , federal agents alleged Tuesday . A Pakistani-American man who served as director of the Kashmiri American Council is in federal custody , while a second man accused of steering money to the organization is believed to be in Pakistan , the Justice Department said . The KAC director , Syed Ghulam Nabi Fai , "  acted at the direction and with the financial support of the government of Pakistan for more than 20 years , " an FBI arrest affidavit states . One U.S. congressman quickly gave $ 4,000 donated by the two men charged in the case to charity , while another said he would consider a similar move if the source of the money was in question . Fai and his co-defendant , Zaheer Ahmad , have been charged with conspiring to violate the Foreign Agents Registration Act , which requires lobbyists acting on behalf of another nation to register with the U.S. government . The charge carries a possible prison term of up to five years . Short , balding and bespectacled , Fai made a brief initial appearance in federal court in the Washington suburb of Alexandria , Virginia , Tuesday afternoon . He wore a short-sleeved , checked shirt and dark slacks at the hearing , during which no plea was entered . U.S. Magistrate Judge Theresa Buchanan urged Fai to get a local attorney to defend him after the defendant told her his lawyer was in Rochester , New York . Buchanan set a detention and preliminary hearing for Thursday at afternoon . The goal of the operation was to tilt U.S. policy in Pakistan 's favor on Kashmir , a Himalayan territory disputed between India and Pakistan since Pakistan 's independence from Britain in 1947 . Both nations claim the entire region , which has been divided between them by a U.N.-monitored cease-fire line . The dispute has been the flashpoint in two wars between the nuclear-armed south Asian rivals . Fai was operating as a Pakistani agent as early as 1995 , the FBI affidavit states . His group organized seminars , lectures and conferences on Kashmir , and Fai attended a dinner with members of Congress in 2008 , according to the affidavit . Another longtime FBI source said up to 80 percent of Fai 's public statements are provided by Pakistan 's powerful Inter-Services Intelligence agency "  to repeat and disseminate verbatim , " the document states . "  The other 20 percent of the KAC 's messaging consists of Fai 's own ideas , which have been pre-approved by the ISI but not provided by them . " According to the FBI affidavit , federal agents learned of the scheme from an unidentified informant who faced a U.S. jail term . The man told the FBI he had helped conceal the source of KAC funds , which he said originated with the ISI . The complaint states that Ahmad lined up donors within the United States to contribute to the KAC , "  in return for repayment of those amounts in Pakistan . " The informant said the money was transferred to Fai 's organization via Ahmad , an American citizen living in Pakistan . Pakistan has been a U.S. ally in the battle against the al Qaeda terrorist network and the Taliban in neighboring Afghanistan . But relations between Islamabad and Washington have been strained by the American commando raid that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in Pakistan and other issues . Federal campaign contribution records show Fai and Ahmad , also a U.S. citizen , contributed to a number of members of Congress between 1998 and 2008 . The charges specifically link Pakistani funds to two 2004 contributions -- one by Ahmad and one by his nephew as a "  straw donor " -- to members of Congress identified only as elected officials A and B. Based on FEC records , "  Elected Official A " appears to be GOP Rep. Joe Pitts of Pennsylvania , who received a $ 2,000 contribution from Ahmad on the date mentioned in the affidavit . He got another $ 2,000 from Fai on the same day in September 2004 , those records show . Pitts spokesman Andrew Wimer told CNN that the eight-term congressman has made $ 2,000 donations to two non-profits in his Lancaster-area district , the Water Street Mission and the Boys and Girls Club , since news of the charges broke . Fai , meanwhile , made personal contributions of $ 23,500 , mostly to Republicans , who controlled Congress for most of the period . He gave $ 7,500 to GOP Rep. Dan Burton of Indiana , a self-proclaimed "  champion of Pakistan , " between 1997 and 2010 , FEC records show . In a statement posted on his congressional Web site , Burton said he was "  deeply shocked " by Fai 's arrest . "  For as long as I 've known him , Dr. Fai has been either a permanent legal resident of the United States or a citizen and as such , any political contributions I may have received from Dr. Fai over the years are completely legal , " Burton said . He said that in the 20 years he has known Fai , "  I had no inkling of his involvement with any foreign intelligence operation and had presumed our correspondence was legitimate . " "  However , " he added , "  if there is any doubt about the origin of these contributions , I will donate those funds to the Boy Scouts of America . " The biggest chunk of Fai 's contributions went to the National Republican Senatorial Committee , to which he gave $ 9,500 between 2004 and 2008 , according to the Federal Election Commission . Fai also contributed $ 250 sums to two Democratic presidential campaigns , former Vice President Al Gore 's 2000 effort and President Barack Obama 's 2008 bid . The Justice Department said there was no evidence that any elected official who received contributions from Fai or the Kashmiri American Council knew the money "  originated from any part of the Pakistani government . " CNN 's Carol Cratty , Matt Smith and Katie Glaeser contributed to this report .	NEW : The group 's director makes his first appearance in court NEW : The director and his co-defendant contributed to U.S. candidates They are accused of lobbying for Pakistan without registering as foreign agents Pakistan 's intelligence service funneled at least $ 4 million to their operation , prosecutors say
CNN  -- French legend Julien Absalon took his status to new heights when he became the first rider to defend the men 's mountain bike Olympic title . Sabine Spitz of Germany celebrates her victory in the women 's mountain bike on Saturday . Absalon kept the gold in French hands for the third Olympics in a row -- following Miguel Martinez 's victory at Sydney in 2000 -- thanks to a commanding display early in the 36km race which left his rivals trailing . "  The Olympic Games is a massive motivation for every athlete and four years passes quickly , as it has from Athens to Beijing , " said Absalon , who finished well ahead of compatriot Jean-Christophe Peraud with Nino Schurter pipping world champion and Swiss compatriot Christoph Sauser to the bronze medal . A highly-fancied Swiss trio failed to match Absalon 's early pace after he had begun to steadily grind out a lead by the second of the eight scheduled laps . "  It 's great to do the double . It feels totally different  from 2004  , but this just confirms what I achieved in Athens , " added Absalon , who denied that he had made his victory look easy . "  I had as tough a race as everyone else . When I saw the chance to make the break I went for it . After that I really gave it everything I had . " In the women 's 27km mountain bike race , defending champion Gunn-Rita Dahle from Norway was one of several contenders to fall victim to a course that was finally mastered by Germany 's Sabine Spitz . The 36-year-old , who only began racing at the relatively late age of 22 , was determined to improve on her bronze medal in Athens . She started fast and was soon racing on her own to gold ahead of Poland 's Maja Wloszczowska , who finished with the silver ahead of Russian Irina Kalentieva . "  I feel pure joy at what I have finally achieved after so many years of hard work , " said Spitz . "  Winning the gold medal at the Olympic Games is the crowning glory . " The first boxing medals were decided on Saturday with Felix Diaz of the Dominican Republic winning his country 's first ever Olympic boxing title after beating Thailand 's Manus Boonjumnong to take the light-welterweight gold . But Thailand made amends in the flyweight final when Somjit Jongjohor comfortably out-pointing Cuban Andris Laffita 8-2 to claim his first Olympic gold . Vasyl Lomachenko of Ukraine won the featherweight gold medal , capping a spectacular run through the tournament with a first-round stoppage of France 's Khedafi Djelkhir . James Degale of Britain won the middleweight gold medal , upsetting Cuba 's Emilio Correa in a sloppy bout , while Correa failed to emulate his father 's gold medal performance for Cuba in 1972 . Rakhim Chakhkiev of Russia gained revenge on Italy 's world champion Clemente Russo by claiming heavyweight gold . Chakhkiev was beaten by Russo in the final of the world championships . China 's Ma Lin won gold in the men 's singles table tennis tournament , defeating teammate Wang Hao to secure a clean sweep of all gold medals on offer to the host nation . World number two Ma fought off world number one Wang in a scorching final strewn with fast and furious rallies to win 4-1 and cement China 's status as the superpower of the sport . The victory hands China a clean sweep of all six medals in the singles competition , after teammate Wang Liqin removed the last obstacle to the Chinese Wall -- defeating Sweden 's veteran Jorgen Persson for the bronze medal . A goal from Christopher Zeller in the 16th minute gave Germany the men 's field hockey gold medal by defeating Spain 1-0 in the final . Australia took the bronze with a 6-2 win over the Netherlands in the play-off between the losing semifinalists . Australian Matthew Mitcham won the men 's 10m platform diving title to spoil China 's bid for a sweep of all eight diving gold medals . China 's Zhou Luxin settled for silver , while Russia 's Gleb Galperin claimed the bronze medal . Elsewhere , on the penultimate day of competition , Russia won the team event and swept both gold medals in synchronized swimming for the third consecutive Olympics . Russia finished with a combined 99.500 points after Saturday 's free routine . Spain took the silver with 98.251 points and China claimed the bronze with 97.334 . Anastasia Ermakova and Anastasia Davydova already won gold in the duet on Wednesday and were also part of Russia 's eight-woman squad for the team event . Norway 's women 's handball team won their first Olympic gold medal , beating Russia 34-27 in the final . Norway rushed to an 8-1 lead after just eight minutes and remained well ahead for the rest of Saturday 's match . Neither Norway nor Russia has ever won a gold medal in women 's handball . Brazil won their first women 's volleyball gold medal after defeating the United States 25-15 18-25 25-13 25-21 in a hard-fought final . Saturday also saw the remaining six disciplines decided in the canoeing , with Ken Wallace of Australia winning the gold medal in the men 's 500-meter kayak singles . The first-time Olympian won in one minute , 37.252 seconds from Adam van Koeverden of Canada . Briton Tim Brabants took the bronze medal to add to the gold he won in the 1,000 m race . Inna Osypenko-Radomska of Ukraine won gold in the women 's 500-meter kayak singles , just nipping Italy in a tight finish . Osypenko-Radomska 's time of 1:50.673 seconds was enough to just pip Josefa Idem of Italy , with Germany 's Katrin Wagner-Augustin taking bronze . Saul Craviotto and Carlos Perez of Spain won gold medal in the men 's 500-meter kayak doubles , slipping past the defending Olympic champions for victory . Craviotto and Perez clocked 1:28.736 seconds to edge Ronald Rauhe and Tim Wieskotter into silver in a major shock as the German pair have been world champions since 2001 . Raman Piatrushenka and Vadzim Makhneu of Belarus took bronze . Katalin Kovacs and Natasa Janic of Hungary won the gold medal in the women 's 500-meter kayak doubles , successfully defending their Olympic triumph in Athens . The two-time world champions saw off Beata Mikolajczyk and Aneta Konieczna of Poland with the French tandem of Marie Delattre and Anne-Laure Viard taking bronze . Maxim Opalev of Russia took gold medal in the men 's 500-meter canoe singles , giving him his third medal in the last three Olympics and first gold . Opalev took bronze four years ago in the Athens Games and silver in Sydney . David Cal of Spain won his second silver medal in two days , after also finishing second in the 1,000 m. Iurii Cheban of Ukraine took the bronze medal . Meng Guanliang and Yang Wenjun of China took gold in the men 's 500-meter canoe doubles , successfully defending their Olympic triumph in Athens . Sergey Ulegin and Alexander Kostoglod of Russia won silver while the German pair of Christian Gille and Thomasz Wylenzek took bronze . Mexico 's Maria del Rosario Espinoza won the gold medal in the women 's 67kg taekwondo category . Espinoza , the 2007 world champion , easily defeated Norway 's Nina Solheim on points after going ahead in the first round and never falling behind . Winning bronze were Britain 's Sarah Stevenson , who defeated Egypt 's Noha Abd Rabo , and Brazil 's Natalia Falavigna , who outscored Sweden 's Karolina Kedzierska . Russia 's Evgeniya Kanaeva won gold in the rhythmic gymnastics individual all-around competition , posting the highest score in all four rotations of the event . Her final total of 75.500 points was enough to beat Inna Zhukova of Belarus , who gained 71.925 points for the silver . Anna Bessonova of the Ukraine had 71.875 points for her second straight bronze . In women 's basketball , Lisa Leslie of the United States capped off her illustrious Olympic career with a fourth straight gold medal , scoring 14 points in a 92-65 victory over Australia . She joined former teammate Teresa Edwards as the only basketball players ever to win four Olympic gold medals . "  It 's a blessing for me to be out on this floor , now participating in my fourth Olympics and walking away with a fourth gold medal , " Leslie told the Associated Press . Russia took the bronze , beating hosts China 94-81 as Becky Hammon scored 22 points . The Australians have now lost to the Americans in the gold medal game in the past three Olympics with all three defeats coming by double-digit margins .	Julien Absalon becomes the first rider to defend the men 's mountain bike title 36-year-old German Sabine Spitz claims victory in the women 's mountain bike China complete a table tennis clean sweep with the gold medal won by Ma Lin Australian Matthew Mitcham denies China clean sweep of diving golds
Augusta , Georgia  CNN  -- From grandma to grandson , from fan to foe , the throngs at Augusta are happy Tiger Woods is back in form and ready to contend for a fifth Masters title . Like Arnold Palmer had his army , Tiger certainly has his troop . Thousands of patrons lined the fairways on Augusta National Golf Club 's front nine Tuesday morning as Woods played a practice round . They crammed themselves as many as 10 deep around the greens and moved from tee to green like waves going up each side of the fairways . "  I think he 's going to bring a lot of people back to the game , " said Will Brown , an Augusta resident who was following Woods with his wife and two sons . "  He 's good for golf . " As he spoke , his son Zeke , 6 , tugged at his father 's pant leg , begging to go to the practice tee to wait in line for Woods ' autograph . "  He 's very special , " Zeke squeaked about his favorite golf star . Woods scored his first official PGA Tour victory in two and a half years two weeks ago , winning the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill in Florida by five strokes . It was also his first victory since disclosure of his marital infidelities , which led to divorce . In the months between those wins , his game nosedived and he plummeted from the top spot in the world golf rankings , even falling out of the top 50 . He 's rebounded to No. 7 and rebounded with the fans , too . Leo Brown , a 60-year-old from Greenville , South Carolina , was pleased to see Woods back in the winner 's column . "  He showed all the doubters that he still had a game , " Brown said . SI.com : Tiger Woods shows this is his Masters to lose Some never were doubters , including Qabaniso Lupafya , a native of Zimbabwe who moved to Massachusetts 26 years ago and now lives in Worcester . "  I love Tiger . I 'm obsessed with him , " said Lupafya , who also goes by Frank for those who ca n't pronounce his name . He said his goal is to play with Woods one day . Lupafya , a former rugby player , said watching Woods -- and a nasty knee injury -- inspired him to take up golf four years ago . He 's down to a six handicap , he said , and has won local tournaments , but he 'll just be watching Woods from the other side of the ropes at Augusta . "  I got a date with Tiger . I 'll see ya ! " he said Tuesday morning , scampering down the ninth fairway in search of his idol . Gary Hanson of Palm Beach , Florida , also had a date with Tiger on Tuesday morning , but do n't count him among Woods ' fans . That 's because Woods does n't respect the fans , he said , adding the golf star had done little to acknowledge their cheers in Tuesday morning 's practice round . "  Without the fans , where are you ? " Hanson asked . So why was he making the trek around Augusta 's back nine for a meaningless round on a gray Tuesday morning ? "  The wife loves him , " he said . He looked over to the ropes where his wife , Gail , followed Woods as he walked up to the sixth green . "  She 's in love with him ! " For himself , Hanson said , he 'd rather be following Phil Mickelson . "  And you know why ? Because he interacts with the fans , " Hanson said . Do n't tell the kids Woods does n't interact . Up by the practice green , they squeezed against the railings of the junior autograph area , hoping to get Woods to sign whatever they had handy . Golf.com : Most-anticipated Masters in years Alec Cwienkala , a 13-year-old from Allentown , Pennsylvania , scored Woods 's signature on his flag . "  It was really cool being up close to him , " said Alec , who waited 90 minutes in the autograph area . Woods and the other Masters participants have been examples for his own game , Alec said . "  I try to make my swing like all those pros , " the young golfer said . And maybe watching Woods is something that will inspire new generations of players to take the game to new levels . Vicki Martin of St. Cloud , Minnesota , said she thinks there 's something to that argument . "  Tiger makes these young kids what they are today , " said Martin , noting that Woods athleticism and conditioning regimen has set the standard for others and elevated the game as a whole . Martin said Woods has inspired her 13-year-old grandson . "  He 's obsessed with Tiger , " she said . "  He says , ' I want to play in the Masters . ' " Woods has elevated more than just the sport , said Jim Banks , a retired Army colonel from Fort Hood , Texas . That 's because if Woods is bringing people out to PGA Tour events , the charities that golf supports are able to do more for those they serve . "  Think about the revenue created for the charities , " Banks said . "  It 's he , and he alone , who does that . " Out along Washington Road , the main route from Interstate 20 to the course , Woods ' resurgence is having another kind of economic effect . Those who came to Augusta without tickets are paying more to buy passes from the roadside brokers . Tye Bedwell of Chattanooga , Tennessee , his brother and a friend lucked into two passes at face value from a passing motorist , Bedwell said . But they still needed a third and had n't found anything under $ 350 at noon Tuesday . "  We 're not going to pay $ 350 , " he said . "  The ticket price has spiked up , " said Randall Matod , who said he 's been trading tickets on Washington Avenue for the past 30 years . He had sold passes for Tuesday 's practice round for $ 250 , he said , but was looking for new inventory at lunchtime . For Sunday 's final round , they 'll be around $ 500 -- and they 'd be higher , he said , but the fact that Sunday is Easter is keeping the price dampened a bit . Of course , that Easter Sunday deduction may well be eliminated if Woods is atop the leaderboard on Saturday night . "  I could n't say I 'm pulling for him to win . It just makes golf more interesting , " said Jordan Myers of Columbia , South Carolina , who was watching for Woods with his brother and father . "  Golf is way better with Tiger , " said Alec 's father , Steve Cwienkala . "  Whether you love him or hate him , the sport needs him . "	Tiger Woods is contending for his fifth Masters title He scored his first official PGA Tour victory in two and a half years two weeks ago Fans are hoping to witness a Woods comeback in Augusta
CNN  -- Scientists in New Zealand said there had been less than a one in twenty chance of Tuesday 's earthquake being so destructive . The fatal 6.3 magnitude quake that has damaged much of Christchurch on New Zealand 's South Island was actually an aftershock of the 7.1 magnitude earthquake that struck the same area in September last year . Seismologists for GNS Science had calculated on Monday that there was only a 35 % chance of a 5.0 magnitude aftershock hitting the region in the near future , but only a 4 % chance of a 6.0 or above aftershock . Check out CNN 's hi-res image gallery of the earthquake "  It 's part of a sequence , so not uncommon , but this was so large it will have aftershocks of its own , " said Dr. Bill Fry of GNS Science . Tuesday 's quake caused widespread damage as the epicenter was only around 3 miles  5 kilometers  below the earth 's surface . "  Anything less than 10 kilometers  6.2 miles  deep is really shallow , " said Fry . Fry and his colleagues had been monitoring the region since the September 4 earthquake . That quake struck before dawn and authorities said the deserted streets at that time likely kept injuries to a minimum . Most earthquakes happen away from the Christchurch region , said Fry , but in a country that experiences around 15,000 earthquakes each year , it was n't completely unexpected , he said . The majority of those quakes are hardly felt and do not damage property . On average New Zealand only experiences a few magnitude 6 earthquakes each year . Prior to Tuesday 's quake the most damaging to hit the country was in 1931 near Hawke 's Bay on the North Island . The country is on the south western edge of the Ring of Fire , the ring of volcanoes and earthquakes that ring the Pacific ocean , and straddles the Pacific and Indian-Australian tectonic plates . Movement of the plates causes earthquakes across the country and volcanic activity in the North Island . Christchurch is New Zealand 's second biggest city on the eastern side of the South Island . The population of around 390,000 and enjoys a mild climate and close proximity to beaches and mountains . Aftershocks are expected to continue to hit the Christchurch region in the coming days and weeks . The usual pattern is for a large aftershock followed by others of diminishing magnitude , said Fry . "  The country is very seismically active . We probably wo n't see another  aftershock  this big , but there is still a statistical chance , " Fry cautioned . Dean Irvine contributed to this report	New Zealand is a globally a very seismically active area ; 15,000 quakes each year Seismologists had predicted only a one in twenty chance Tuesday 's quake would be so destructive Christchurch 's 6.3 magnitude quake was an aftershock of a larger earthquake in September
CNN  -- A 6.9-magnitude earthquake shook the Pacific Ocean near the Solomon Islands Tuesday night , one day after a string of earthquakes rattled the same area and another quake hit the Philippines , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake , considered strong in terms of earthquake magnitude , hit near sparsely populated islands in the archipelago at 11:15 p.m.  7:15 a.m. ET  at a depth of 35 km  22 miles  . By 12:56 a.m. local time Wednesday , there had been five aftershocks , according to the USGS Web site . "  Usually when we see earthquakes of this size , we see aftershocks , " said USGS geophysicist Jessica Sigala . "  The aftershocks are usually smaller in size , but are earthquakes in their own right . " No tsunamis were expected , according to the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center . The island located closest to the initial quake 's epicenter was Tetepare , located eight miles to the north . Geophysicist Amy Vaughan said the USGS had received no reports of damage , and it was hard for the agency to predict what might have occurred until it hears from media or people living in the area . There was property damage from Monday 's quakes , but she did n't know how extensive it was . On Monday , the Solomon Islands were hit by eight quakes in 14 hours , starting at 8:48 a.m. local time and causing damage to at least one village . Rattling the islands were a strong 6.5-magnitude quake at 8:48 a.m. and a more powerful 7.2-magnitude tremor less than an hour later . The Solomon Islands are situated in the so-called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions .	The Solomon Islands are struck by a 6.9-magnitude earthquake Earthquakes rattled the same area the day before No tsunamis were expected , according to Pacific Tsunami Warning Center There were no reports of damage from Tuesday 's quake
EW.com  -- Hoda Kotb is exploring her career options . EW has learned exclusively that the "  Today " co-host is quietly meeting with studios and pitching herself for new hosting gigs , such as a daytime talk show . The moves could signal an upcoming exit from the NBC position that she 's held since 2007 , or simply represent a savvy negotiation tactic â $ " Kotb 's contract with "  Today " expires this fall . A source close to Kotb downplayed the odds of a fourth-hour shakeup and denied the co-host wants a new series : "  Hoda loves her job at the Today show and adores everyone she works with on the show . Her contract is coming up and she 's just expanding relationships and having coffee with a few people . " Conan O'Brien congratulates Jimmy Fallon Given all the "  Today " rumors , one certainly ca n't blame Kotb for wanting to keep her options open . Most reports have centered on anchor Matt Lauer , with a recent report claiming CNN 's Anderson Cooper was approached about taking over his slot . NBC has denied that Lauer is leaving the show . David Letterman addresses Jay Leno exit Kotb and her fourth-hour co-host Kathie Lee Gifford have been the target of media speculation as well . Gifford has reportedly pushed to move the hour to Los Angeles to be closer to her kids , resulting in "  tension " between the hosts . The show recently shot two weeks in L.A. , but the co-hosts have dismissed the idea of a permanent relocation on the air . Earlier today , Kotb , who is also an NBC News correspondent , and Gifford taped an episode celebrating their fifth anniversary of working together . The episode airs Friday . "  Today " had no comment . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Today " co-host Hoda Kotb is quietly pitching herself for new hosting gigs Kotb 's contract with "  Today " expires this fall A source close to Kotb downplayed the odds of a fourth-hour shakeup
Some residents of Oakland , California , fear their community is creating a monster . The city calls it the Domain Awareness Center , but opponents call it a "  spy machine " and a potential "  tool of injustice . " Known as "  the DAC , " it 's a proposed central surveillance facility where authorities can monitor the Port of Oakland and the city 's airport to protect against potential terrorism . But the broader issue of centralized data surveillance poses serious privacy questions for millions of people in cities around the globe . In March , more than 100 worried Oakland residents waited past midnight to complain about it during a City Council meeting . Standing at the mic , Maya Shweiky , a self-described public school teacher and Muslim , warned lawmakers their proposal would be used to "  discriminate against minorities and perpetuate racial , religious and political profiling . " While the council voted on the proposal , rowdy protesters began chanting , "  No ! No ! No ! No ! " Council members have proposed expanding the DAC to add live , 24/7 data streams from closed circuit traffic cameras , police license plate readers , gunshot detectors and other sources from all over the entire city of Oakland . The danger , say opponents , is putting all these data resources into one place . "  If you need to go to four different locations to track someone 's movements across town , you 're not going to do it unless you have a good reason , " said Linda Lye of the American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California . "  But when you can do it with the press of a button because it 's all at your fingertips , you 'll end up doing it based on your idle curiosity . " That , Lye said , creates a situation ripe for abuse . Oakland represents just one battleground in a fiery debate about how cities should be using so-called "  Big Data , " especially aggregated video and other types of surveillance . City closed-circuit TV cameras performed famously when they helped identify suspected terrorists in London in 2005 and in Boston last year . Community surveillance 2.0 But the issue has progressed far beyond the power of a few hundred video cameras and streetlight posts . Community surveillance 2.0 is now all about huge data mash-ups and incredible software that quickly sorts through mountains of information . Bottom line : A relatively small number of people have easy access to data that can track your whereabouts . In many cities , cameras mounted on police patrol cars gather video of millions of license plates . That data that can be used to track vehicles , possibly yours . Add traffic cameras to the mix . Then include cameras at bus stops , airports and train stations . How about cameras owned by schools and private security companies ? The key to using all this information is the data-mining software that can easily and effectively rifle through it . Cities leading the way in video data collecting include London -- an early and strong adopter of widespread camera surveillance . The UK reportedly has 5.9 million CCTV cameras nationwide . For every 11 British citizens , there 's one CCTV camera , according to Salon . Nice , France , has been expanding its surveillance center , which is projected to eventually count one camera for every 500 residents . As Rio de Janeiro hosts the World Cup and the 2016 Olympics , the city plans to make heavy use of its IBM-designed Operations Center , which combines video and other data from 30 agencies including traffic cameras , subways and even weather satellites . The network includes more than 550 cameras , 400 employees and 60 different layers of data streamed from citywide sensors . Mayor Pedro Junqueira says the center helps emergency teams warn residents in landslide-prone areas when to evacuate during heavy rainstorms . The center also takes credit for a rapid response to an emergency after a truck toppled a pedestrian bridge , blocking lanes on a major highway . Traffic was back to normal within nine hours . Read more about Rio 's Operations Center In New York , a company called Placemeter is using feeds from hundreds of traffic video cameras to study 10 million pedestrian movements each day . It 's using that data to help businesses learn how to market to pedestrian consumers . Placemeter also says it wants to use the data to help consumers with information such as when to visit your neighborhood coffee bar when the line is shorter . Placemeter says it does n't store the video , nor does their analysis involve facial recognition . Watch how Placemeter uses mindblowing technology to track pedestrians Los Angeles Police use a game-changing data mining software program called Palantir that can claim the CIA as an early investor . Watch how LA police use Big Data to fight crime Lessons from Boston Last year 's Boston bombings investigation showed how fast police were able to sift through mountains of surveillance data . After London 's terrorist attacks in 2005 , it took thousands of investigators weeks to painstakingly analyze all the CCTV footage . Eight years later in Boston , the FBI was able to release blurry images of two suspects in just three days . Read more about the pros and cons of security cameras But the facial recognition data tools used in the Boston probe was n't perfect . Images of the two suspects were available in public data bases , but the computers that searched that data missed them , CNN 's Tom Foreman reported last year . Security analysts widely admit facial recognition technology is not yet good enough to spot a suspect in a crowd . Read more about facial recognition tech Studies trying to determine the crime-fighting effectiveness of cameras have been inconclusive . According to the Surveillance Studies Centre at Queen 's University in Ontario , urban surveillance systems have not been proved to have any effect on deterring criminals . But a study from the U.S. Justice Department says it depends on the circumstances . Sometimes cameras can be a "  potentially useful tool for preventing crimes " the study says , "  when actively monitored . " Meanwhile , U.S. communities are taking steps to make their surveillance more robust . -- Chicago : When the transit authority put more cameras in rail stations , crime went down , according to CNN affiliate WGN . -- Dayton , Ohio : Police plan a new crime fighting strategy that includes 27 video cameras placed downtown , according to the Dayton Daily News . -- Sacramento , California : The sheriff has asked homeowners and businesses to register their security cameras on the department 's website . Investigators would contact camera owners located near crime scenes to search their video for potential evidence , according to CNN affiliate KCRA . Even in tiny Chadbourn , North Carolina -- population about 2,000 -- CNN affiliate WECT reports they 're talking about putting a camera down at the local Piggly Wiggly grocery store . Cities looking for guidelines aimed at safeguarding surveillance centers from privacy abuses might look to The European Forum for Urban Security , which suggests putting systems into place that include mechanisms for transparency , independent oversight and accountability . Privacy safeguards are being put in place in Menlo Park , California , where leaders recently passed a law requiring all data captured by automated license plate readers to be destroyed after six months unless it 's part of an investigation . The whole issue is "  very explosive " and the Oakland City Council recognizes this , said the ACLU 's Lye . At the March meeting , after so many residents expressed their concerns , the council voted to curtail the scope of the DAC , limiting surveillance to just the port and the airport . The vote was 5-4 . "  There will be efforts in the future to expand the DAC to include city-based surveillance systems , " Lye warned . Oakland Mayor Jean Quan has promised to look into what privacy safeguards might be needed before trying again to expand the scope of the surveillance center . Quan , who favors the DAC , told the San Francisco Chronicle : "  This is obviously an issue that is splitting the country . " What do you think ? Do you believe one-stop city surveillance centers threaten your privacy ? Share your views with other CNN commenters below .	Oakland , California , debates creating a one-stop shop for video/data surveillance Opponents fear the ability to track people with "  the press of a button " will threaten civil liberties Central data surveillance poses serious privacy questions for millions around the globe Operations in London , Boston , Rio have resulted in success stories
CNN  -- Soraya Bahgat , a Cairo-based HR executive and postgraduate student , was on her way to join Tahrir Square protests on November 25 when an unwelcome thought stopped her in her tracks . Mobs in the square had sexually assaulted women protesters there a week earlier , and reports of such incidents had become common enough for her to fear a repeat occurrence . "  A panic attack gripped me and prevented me from going because I thought no woman should go through this , " said the 29-year-old . "  It was almost two years since the Lara Logan incident , " she said , referring to the harrowing sexual attack on the CBS correspondent by a mob in Tahrir Square . "  I did n't understand what else we needed before collective action was taken to prevent these assaults . I felt that it was time to step up and do something about it . " Instead of going to Tahrir -- where , according to local reports , three women were sexually assaulted among the crowds that day -- she took to Twitter and started an account , Tahrir Bodyguard , encouraging a "  collective effort to promote the safety of women protesters . " The response , she said , was "  overwhelming . " Today Tahrir Bodyguard has a database of 200 volunteers , who patrol the square during mass demonstrations , recognizable in high-visibility helmets and vests , intervening to halt the attacks on women that have blighted Egypt 's revolution and its aftermath . In a recent mass demonstration on January 25 , for example , 25 sexual assaults were reported on women in the square . Tahrir Bodyguard intervened to rescue the victims of 10 attacks . Read also : Lebanese women take on judges who call rape a "  marital right " While the group consisted of men and women , Bahgat said it was generally men who intervened when an assault was detected , to prevent women bodyguards from being sexually assaulted themselves . The group also organizes free self-defense classes for women . Bahgat described Tahrir Bodyguard as "  a story of what an individual with a computer and a Twitter account can start , " said Bahgat . "  It gives me faith when I see these young boys and knowing they 're going to be potentially hurt to protect a woman and save her from sexual assault . " One of the men involved in the group is 27-year-old petroleum company employee Mark Beshara , who has patrolled Tahrir on seven occasions , intervening to stop 15 assaults and being injured in the process . He became involved in the group after being haunted by the memory of witnessing men in the crowd assaulting a woman in the square in November . "  It was very noisy and about 50 or 60 people were surrounding something . At first I thought they were catching a thief or there was a fight , " he told CNN . "  Then someone told me ` There 's a poor girl in there ' . " The size of the crowd made it impossible to intervene alone , he said . "  On my own I ca n't help at all . If I was in a team I would be able to help her . " Read also : The Yemeni "  dictionary men " recall the day Muhammad Ali came to town When he heard of Tahrir Bodyguard , he did n't hesitate to become involved . The group has quickly learned what works in breaking up the assaults , he said . When trying to help a woman escape , he said , "  the most important thing is you have to get her trust . " "  She 's in a hysterical state , standing there in cut clothes , and being harmed . First you have to tell her several times your name and that you 're there to protect her . " Recounting a recent intervention by his group , he said the woman was too traumatized and disoriented by what was occurring to register the group 's presence . "  I looked her in the eyes and said ` I 'm your only chance to get out of this crowd . ' Then I turned around and gave her my back to climb on to . When I felt her hands were catching , I told the crew , ` Let 's move . ' " Sexual harassment is a longstanding problem in Egypt , said Bahgat . According to a 2008 survey of 1,010 women conducted by the Egyptian Center for Women 's rights , 83 % of Egyptian women and 98 % of foreign women there have been sexually harassed . Activists have developed a system to track and map incidents of harassment through mobile phones , in an effort to challenge the social acceptability of harassment . But Bahgat said the mob assaults of women that had been occurring during protests since the revolution , some of which have reportedly included bladed weapons , were something "  entirely new . " Read also : Tackling racism in Lebanon Exactly why the assaults were happening was "  the billion dollar question , " she said . Many , like Beshara , are of the opinion that the assaults are likely premeditated and politically motivated to discredit protesters and scare off women from joining the demonstrations . But Bahgat said her focus was not speculating on the causes of the attacks , but stopping them . "  We focus on the fact we have a disease we need to cure . " She said the group 's efforts and media attention seemed to be raising awareness of the problem and helping to change attitudes towards women . "  It takes a long time though , " she said . "  Obviously a person who thinks this is okay , this is n't something they just decided to do today . " "  But they definitely realize now that there are people who will stand up against what they are doing , there are people who will do everything necessary to rescue women from this horror . " Many Egyptians were worried the assaults were casting their country in a bad light , she said . "  But the ones behind these attacks are not the true Egyptians , " she said . "  The true Egyptian man is the man who took off his traditional jellabeya to give it to a girl who had just been assaulted and was stripped naked . The true Egyptians are the men who volunteer with us and get emotionally involved in getting women out of these situations . "	Tahrir Bodyguard is a group dedicated to preventing assaults on women in Egypt Women have been the targets of mob sexual assaults during demonstrations The group rescues women from assaults when they occur and teaches self-defense classes
CNN  -- Seamus Heaney , the Irish Nobel laureate who died Friday at 74 , will be remembered for his translations , for his literary essays , for his generous international public presence , but principally for the poetry he himself wrote . Though the Heaney of the poems could sound unsettled , or even tormented , he was in person equable , welcoming , generous ; these qualities would enter the poetry too . And he will be remembered not for one kind of poetry , but for several : He amazed even attentive admirers as he became , over his long career , in one way the opposite of his early self . His first great poems were tough , inward , tied to the soil ; his last , just as Irish , were confident , sometimes gleeful , creatures of air . Heaney began as a poet of earth . Raised in a large farming family in County Derry , Northern Ireland , educated there and in Belfast , he applied his gifts at first to the landscape where he felt at home , a place of village survivals , of un-English place names  "  Broagh , " "  Anahorish "  and eloquent modesty , comparing his poetry to ploughing , to blacksmiths ' work . He wrote in "  Bogland " : Our unfenced country Is bog that keeps crusting Between the sights of the sun . ... The ground itself is kind , black butter Melting and opening underfoot . This kind ground might swallow him up , but it might also provide him with a voice . When parts of that ground became violent , Heaney was there . His time in Belfast as student and teacher encompassed the violent years known as the Troubles , the years of the UVF and the IRA , of bombings at funerals and British troops on the streets ; Heaney became a poet of burial sites , of guilt and self-division in terse , halting stanzas . In "  Wintering Out "  1973  and in "  North "  1975  , he examined the violence directly and by analogy with the Bronze Age corpses that Danish archaeologists exhumed . "  The Grauballe Man , " he wrote , "  seems to weep / the black river of himself " ... "  with the actual weight/of each hooded victim , / slashed and dumped . " Those poems made him internationally famous . Had he written nothing else , or nothing as powerful , afterwards , he would be remembered securely as the careful , anguished , self-accusing poet of a divided land . But he went on ; he changed . After "  North " he moved south , to pastoral Glanmore , in the Irish Republic . There , with his wife and three children in suburban Dublin , and at Harvard , where Heaney taught for most of the 1980s and 1990s , he would find new and persuasive ways to write about enduring affection , familial and civic , and about how his own spirit could feel more free . "  Glanmore Sonnets , " from "  Field Work "  1979  , embodies nostalgia along with a pastoral joy : "  Vowels ploughed into other : opened ground , ... Each verse returning like the plough turned round . " Heaney would use "  Opened Ground " as the title for his 1998 Collected Poems . Resistant to dogma yet drawn to the numinous , Heaney depicted himself in Station Island  1983  walking a traditional route of Irish Catholic pilgrimage , meeting ghosts from the Irish literary past . One tells him : "  we are earthworms of the earth , and all that / has gone through us is what will be our trace . " Another -- the ghost of James Joyce -- advises him differently : "  The main thing is to write / for the joy of it ... It 's time to swim / out on your own and fill the element / with signatures on your own frequency . " And so he did . Heaney became in his later career a great poet of the spirit lifted , a writer identified with fluency and light , with water and air , as well as with his native ground . One of the twelve-line poems in Seeing Things  1991  remembers the childhood pleasures of wading : "  Sweet transience . Flirt and splash . / Crumpled flow the sky-dipped willows trailed in . " Another retells the Irish legend of a man who fell out of a magical airborne ship , into a monastery 's scriptorium , then climbed back on board , "  Out of the marvelous as he had known it . " Everyday work , even indoor work like writing , could be marvelous too . Heaney recorded these marvels in sheaves of sonnets , in complex old forms such as sestinas , in an iambic pentameter whose confidence buoyed his readers too , even when -- as in his last book , "  District and Circle "  2006  -- he used those soaring lines to remember dead friends . He became , if book sales are a measure , perhaps the most popular serious poet writing in English anywhere in the world . And he became determinedly international , writing verse parables derived from Eastern Europe , adapting tragic drama from ancient Greece , and translating "  Beowulf " from the Anglo-Saxon . Yet he remained connected to the particulars of the Irish spaces he knew , to his first friends in poetry  and in folk music  , and to his own earlier selves . Later poems  such as "  Glanmore Revisited "  would see how he had , and how he had not , changed , and would see -- in the 1990s and 2000s -- the political change that brought calm , even peace , to the counties of his birth . "  Postscript , " the last poem in "  Opened Ground , " begins "  in County Clare along the Flaggy Shore " ; but it rises soon enough to a space of permission and imagination , a generous space identified with poetry itself , where "  You are neither here nor there , / A hurry through which known and strange things pass / As big soft buffetings come at the car sideways / And catch the heart off guard and blow it open . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen Burt .	Stephen Burt : Seamus Heaney , who died Friday , wrote poetry , literary essays , translations His early works were of earth , and of the Troubles ; he found fame writing about divided land He says later he went south , wrote of civic , family life , dead friends , embraced the numinous Burt : He became perhaps the most popular serious poet writing in English anywhere
Boston  CNN  -- Reputed mobster James "  Whitey " Bulger wants a judge to clamp down on leaks from federal agents about his case , arguing Tuesday they endanger the former fugitive 's right to a fair trial on murder charges . "  If it is now possible -- and Mr. Bulger seriously questions whether it will be possible -- for Mr. Bulger to receive a fair trial , law enforcement leaks of non-public information must end , with disclosures of information limited to the judicial process , " his interim attorney , Peter Krupp , wrote . Prosecutors say the 81-year-old Bulger was the boss of South Boston 's Irish mob before he fled an impending racketeering indictment in 1995 . At the same time , he was an FBI informant whose handler tipped him off about the charges -- a tale that became the basis for the Oscar-winning crime drama "  The Departed . " U.S. District Judge Mark Wolf issued no rulings during Tuesday 's brief hearing , which is scheduled to reconvene Thursday afternoon . But he told prosecutors to submit a plan for stopping any leaks by Wednesday . Bulger was arrested last week in California , along with his longtime girlfriend , 60-year-old Catherine Elizabeth Greig . He now faces 19 counts of murder , while she has been charged with harboring a fugitive . Bulger appeared in court in orange jail coveralls Tuesday . He has asked for a public defender , but prosecutors -- who said FBI agents seized more than $ 822,000 in cash from Bulger 's Santa Monica apartment -- say he should pick up his own legal tab . "  He has every incentive to lie and stick the taxpayers with the bill for his defense , " prosecutors wrote in court papers filed Tuesday . They said Bulger has admitted to stashing more money away with "  people he trusted " but would not name , and suggested that Bulger 's brother William could pay for a lawyer . William Bulger is a former president of the University of Massachusetts and state Senate leader . He was forced to step down from his university job after then-Gov . Mitt Romney , now a Republican presidential candidate , accused him of being evasive during congressional testimony about "  Whitey 's " whereabouts . Prosecutors asked Wolf to require both William Bulger and a third Bulger brother , John Bulger , to submit affidavits before a decision is made . Bulger also asked the judge to order federal agents to turn over notes of their interviews with him following his capture , arguing the documents are needed to defend himself against charges that he has hidden assets and will assist his defense . Bulger lived "  a relatively comfortable lifestyle " for the 16 years he was a fugitive , taking numerous gambling trips to Las Vegas , according to a government document filed in his case . Prosecutors say Bulger waived his Miranda rights after his arrest and told agents who were taking him back to Boston that he had been "  a frequent traveler as a fugitive , " according to the government . "  Bulger acknowledged visiting Las Vegas on numerous occasions to play the slots and claimed he won more than he lost , " the filing said . "  Bulger also admitted traveling to San Diego and then crossing over into Tijuana to purchase medicines . " Bulger also told the feds that he traveled back to Boston "  on several occasions while ` armed to the teeth ' because he ` had to take care of some unfinished business , ' " the document said . Bulger refused to tell the agents any details of his Boston visits , it said . Ahead of Tuesday 's hearing , prosecutors asked a judge to dismiss Bulger from the earlier racketeering indictment . Those counts included allegations that Bulger and his associates engaged in loan sharking , shaking down bookies and drug dealers , and attempting to fix horse races . The murder case against him "  not only carries higher penalties , but is stronger both factually and legally than this matter , " prosecutors wrote . Meanwhile , two key witnesses have died , and Bulger 's status as an informant has complicated the case , they wrote . But Krupp called the move "  troubling , " suggesting the government was "  forum-shopping " by trying to drop the earlier case . Wolf told Krupp he would be handling the issue for Bulger until a decision was made on his request for a court-appointed lawyer . CNN 's Sheila Steffen contributed to this report .	NEW : Bulger argues leaks endanger a fair trial The 81-year-old reputed mobster was a fugitive for 16 years His case inspired the Oscar-winning film "  The Departed " He was back in court Tuesday and wants a public defender
Al-Shabaab militants raided a quarry in Kenya , separating non-Muslim workers from their Muslim counterparts and executing them , a spokesman for the group said Tuesday . At least 36 bodies were found Tuesday dumped in the quarry in the village of Kormey , near the Somali border , the Kenyan Red Cross said . Al-Shabaab said the attack was retaliation for mosque raids that Kenyan security forces carried out last month to weed out extremists . Kormey is about 15 kilometers  9 miles  from the border city of Mandera , in an area where the Somalia-based Al-Shabaab militants are known to operate . Last month , the Islamist militants ambushed a bus in Kenya and sprayed bullets on those who failed to recite Quran verses , killing at least 28 people , authorities said . The bus , which had 60 people aboard , was heading from Mandera to the capital of Nairobi . The group says the latest attacks are a response to the police raid on multiple mosques in the port city of Mombasa after explosives were found in one . "  Our Mujhahideen forces are always ready to launch frequent deadly cross-border attacks against Kenya as a revenge , " group spokesman Sheikh Ali Dheere said in a statement read on a pro-Al-Shabaab radio station in Somalia . National police chief resigns After news of the quarry attack surfaced , Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta said he accepted the resignation of the country 's national police chief , David Kimaiyo . Kenyatta said the recent attacks constituted "  a war , and a war we must win . " Tuesday 's attack was swiftly condemned , with Nairobi 's Jamia Mosque , the largest in the country , calling it a "  beastly tactic . " "  This unfortunate and ugly incident should not be used to divide peace loving Kenyans who have lived harmoniously for centuries -- along religious or ethnic lines , " the mosque said in a statement , "  but rather it should be taken to reflect on improving the security situation of the country . " Al-Shabaab , which has ties to al Qaeda , has launched a series of attacks in Kenya since Kenyan forces went into neighboring Somalia in 2011 to battle the extremists . Kenyan soldiers have targeted militants ' hideouts across Somalia , prompting retaliatory attacks from the terror group . Last year , Al-Shabaab raided a Nairobi mall in a brazen attack that left 68 people dead and kept shoppers under siege for days . In addition to Kenya and Somalia , the terror group has struck in Uganda , where it killed more than 70 people gathered to watch a broadcast of the World Cup Final soccer match in Kampala in 2010 . As the attacks get more daring , the international community has rallied to battle the militants . In September , a U.S. airstrike killed Al-Shabaab leader Ahmed Godane . The terror group later replaced him and vowed to avenge his death .	Kenya 's President accepts the national police chief 's resignation Al-Shabaab said the quarry attack was retaliation for mosque raids Last month , the Islamist militants ambushed a bus and killed 28 The international community has rallied to battle the militants
London  CNN  -- Does part of social media 's future lie in the past ? It 's a question that 's nagging some of the biggest names in the industry as they turn their attention to the swelling digital archives many of us have created online . One of Facebook 's recent overhauls saw the addition of a timeline to help users build a chronological narrative of their lives . Kevin Systrom , co-founder of photo sharing site Instagram , said this week he wants to give his users better access to their older images . But as we increasingly rely on digital services as a repository for our life stories , is there any guarantee that we will be able to access them in years to come ? Multibillion dollar businesses such as Facebook and Google might seem like rock solid cornerstones of the Internet at the moment , but fortunes change and leviathans can and do go out of business . And a scroll through the fine print of most social media sites ' terms reveals no mention of an obligation to safeguard our data . With such a large question mark hanging over the tech industry , it was only a matter of time before someone smelled a business opportunity . One of those people is Phil Libin , CEO of Evernote , a service that allows users to archive images , documents and other data . Libin made headlines at tech conference LeWeb London this week when he revealed that Evernote has 34 million users , of whom 1.4 million are paying customers -- up sharply from the 25 million users and 1 million paying customers he had announced in May . Three-quarters of these new users are coming from mobile devices , he said . Already sitting on a $ 1 billion valuation , Libin 's site -- often described as an "  external brain " -- does n't look like it has any immediate worries for the future . There 's even talk of an Evernote IPO in the next few years . But Libin believes that he can encourage even more people to park their data with Evernote if he can remove any question of doubt about his company 's long-term destiny . To this end , he plans to later this year introduce a legally binding promise that guarantees users 100 years of access to their files -- not that his customers will be around that long . This involves setting up a protected fund that , in the event of Evernote being taken over or shut down , will pay to maintain its data banks . "  We want people to have to believe that Evernote will be around for 100 years , " Libin told CNN . "  As soon as 10 years go by when it has n't been in anyone 's economic interest to keep your data , you can almost be guaranteed you wo n't be able to get it back . But as long as it 's economical viable , it 'll remain alive . " Eliminating this doubt makes smart business sense . Some data services have endured a rocky ride because of fluctuating faith in their prospects . In 2010 , social bookmarking service Delicious experienced a sharp user exodus after Yahoo announced it was selling off the site . Delicious still exists today and may continue to thrive long into the future . But online-archiving services must establish trust with their users to endure , said Maciej Ceglowski , founder of rival bookmarker Pinboard . "  An archive needs to have a credible plan for offering the same basic feature set over a time scale of decades , " Ceglowski told the Personal Digital Archiving conference in San Francisco earlier this year . In a world where computers and storage solutions are constantly evolving , such plans face hurdles . "  The main technology challenge is what format will be available in 100 years ? " says Libin . "  It 's like people who had eight-track tapes of their favorite music from 30 years ago . Who 's going to know how to play a CD in 10 or 20 years ? "  There 's no magical technology solution -- it 's not like we have a file format that someone will be able to read in 100 years , " he added . "  So we have to make it worth someone 's time to convert the data into whatever the newest format is . " Libin says his company is taking cues from the Long Now Foundation , a private organization that is examining ways to preserve data for centuries as part of its broader efforts to promote debate over humankind 's distant legacy . "  They 're planning for thousands of years , " he said . Of course , no one knows exactly what the Internet will look like a century from now . But Libin , and Evernote , are trying .	Services such as Evernote allow users to archive images , documents and other data Evernote hopes to be around a century from now , even if social media sites are not CEO Phil Libin spoke about his company 's sharp growth at tech conference LeWeb London
CNN  In the style capital of the world , AC Milan is looking to make a $ 340 million statement . The famed football club , seven-time champions of Europe and 18-time Italian champions , has unveiled plans to build a new stadium in the Portello area of the city with the aim of relocating in time for the start of the 2018-19 season . Italian clubs are looking to follow the example of Juventus , which opened its own super arena in 2011 on the site of the old Stadio delle Alpi . Roma also has a plans for a new stadium , while Udinese is currently renovating the Friuli stadium . The official video of the scale model of the new #ACMilan stadium in the Portello - Fiera Milano City area . https://t.co/7kRbflkVdV Many stadiums in the country are not privately owned by the teams . Better stadia is seen by Italian clubs as a way to attracting more fans and thereby generate greater revenue to allow them to compete with their European counterparts . Milan 's move would see the Rossoneri leave the Giuseppe Meazza Stadium it has shared with fierce rivals Inter since 1947 . Design firm Arup is behind the proposed 48,000-seater stadium , which will be sunk 10 meters into the ground so as not to overly disrupt the landscape of the area . Arup were behind Bayern Munich 's Allianz Arena and the Bird 's Nest stadium in Beijing , built for the 2008 Olympic Games . A statement released on Milan 's website also claimed the stadium would use the "  latest technology and sound-proof materials " to minimize the noise heard in the surrounding areas . Inter 's president Erick Thohir has expressed his desire to see his club move into a stadium of its own . Design consultants Manica has released concepts of a new home for Inter on its website .	AC Milan looking to build a new 48,000-seater stadium The club currently shares a stadium with fierce city rivals Inter The new stadium would cost $ 340 million and would open in 2018
CNN  -- The people of Sweden are coming to terms with the first suicide bombing on their soil , an attack which stunned the nation and in the words of the country 's foreign minister could have been "  catastrophic . " Authorities say that only the premature detonation of Taimour Abdulwahab 's device likely prevented many others from being killed . "  Fifty , 60 , 70 people could have been killed -- this was not amateur hour , " Magnus Ranstorp , a terrorism expert at the Swedish National Defense College , told CNN . The incident did not surprise counter-terrorism experts . "  For some time Swedish officials have been worried about a growing threat , both from overseas terrorists and from home-grown extremists within the country , " says Michael Taarnby , a Danish terrorism expert , who has extensively researched Islamist militants in Scandinavia . At the heart of Sweden 's unwanted newfound status : cartoons . Three years ago , Lars Vilks published an image of the Prophet Mohammed in a Swedish newspaper . Sweden became an object of jihadist hate just as Denmark did in 2005 after the publication in a newspaper there of caricatures of the Prophet . In March 2010 authorities in Ireland and the United States broke up a plot to murder Vilks . One of those allegedly involved was Colleen LaRose , a Pennsylvania woman who identified herself online as Jihad Jane . LaRose has pled not guilty to providing material support to terrorists . In July ` Inspire ' magazine , an online magazine from al Qaeda 's Yemeni arm , put Vilks at the top of an assassination list . And a few weeks ago Al Shabaab , al Qaeda 's affiliate in Somalia , released a video in which a Swedish member exhorted Swedish militants to kill Vilks . These threats follow an audiotape back in 2007 from Umar al Baghdadi , then a senior figure in al Qaeda in Iraq , who promised "  a reward of $ 100,000 for anybody who kills this Infidel criminal . This reward will be raised to $ 150,000 if he is slaughtered like a lamb . " Baghdadi also called for attacks against Swedish businesses , including Volvo . There 's an ironic twist in the mention of Volvo . Back in the 1970s Osama bin Laden went on vacation to Sweden because an older brother was trying to buy Volvo trucks for the bin Laden family construction company . During downtime , the brothers liked nothing better than to speed through the Swedish countryside in the family Rolls Royce . And for a long while , Sweden got a pass from international jihadists . In an October 2004 videotape al Qaeda 's leader disputed President George W. Bush 's accusation that al Qaeda hated freedom by retorting : "  Let him tell us why we did not strike Sweden , for example . " Not any more . Swedish authorities say emails sent by Abdulwahab just before the attempted attack cited Sweden 's tolerance of the Vilks cartoon as one of the reasons he was targeting the country . He also said the attack was due to the continued presence of Swedish troops in Afghanistan . Sweden , though not a member of NATO , currently has around 500 troops in Afghanistan assisting the NATO mission . Investigators are still untangling 28 year old Abdulwahab 's path to radicalism . His family left Iraq in the early 1990s and settled in Sweden . In 2001 , at the age of 19 , he visited England to study and settled in Luton - a town in southern England identified in a leaked UK intelligence report two years ago as having one of the main concentrations of Islamic extremists in the country . For many young Muslims in Europe the last decade has been unsettling , with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan leading to a perception that their religion is under attack . Abdulwahab seems to have subscribed to this view , according to religious leaders at an Islamic Centre in Luton . They said he was unwelcome because of his extreme views . The Swedish authorities will now be taking a fresh look at radical Islamists in the country . In October Sweden raised its terrorist threat level to "  elevated " based on security services ' finding that there had been "  a shift in activities among certain groups in Sweden , judged to be targeted at Sweden . " Among Sweden 's estimated 300,000 Muslims , the vast majority have no time for Al Qaeda 's extremist message . But a radical fringe has emerged , especially amongst younger immigrants , and the children of immigrants . According to Scandinavian counter-terrorism expert Taarnby , the radical extremist fringe is more fragmented in Sweden than in some other European countries such as Britain where a nationwide network of extremists has emerged . But clusters of militants are increasingly on the radar of Sweden 's counter-terrorism services . Swedish counter-terrorism sources tell CNN more than 100 are being monitored . Their attention has focused on an extremist fringe within Sweden 's 25,000 Somalis , which has been relatively isolated from the rest of society , and is a cause of major concern . A growing number of Swedish citizens of Somali descent have gone to Somalia to join Shabaab . Just last week two Swedish citizens of Somali descent were sentenced for "  planning terrorist crimes " in Somalia . According to Taarnby , more than 20 Swedish citizens are believed by Swedish security services to be fighting with Al Shabaab in Somalia . Some have become prominent - like Fouad Shongole , who preached an extremist message in a Stockholm mosque in the early 1990s and once fought in Afghanistan . Swedes have also traveled to other Jihadist fronts in recent years , including Iraq . A report by Sweden 's Intelligence agency due out Wednesday is expected to highlight the domestic threat posed by Swedes who have received terrorist training , according to the Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet . Several Swedish militants have also made the trip to al Qaeda 's safe haven in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region , according to counter-terrorism officials . In August 2009 four Swedes were arrested by Pakistani security services as they tried to enter the tribal agency of North Waziristan . "  Travel to Pakistan is becoming a big concern for Swedish counter-terrorism services , " Swedish terrorism expert Ranstorp told CNN . In another link to Pakistan , Swedish counter-terrorism sources tell CNN that a Swedish militant -- still being monitored by security services in the country -- played a key role in a terrorist network linked to David Headley , an American Jihadist , plotting an attack against a Danish newspaper last year . Headley , who says he working with Ilyas Kashmiri , a Pakistani al Qaeda operative , has pleaded guilty to the plot . Now Sweden 's counter-terrorism agencies have another case to investigate . Did Abdulwahab have any help or co-conspirators in Sweden ? Where did he obtain the explosives he used in the attack ? "  We more or less consider it as a given that he had outside help in some way , at least before he reached the point of execution , " a Swedish police spokesman said Monday . The question is : who , where and when .	Cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed are at the heart of Sweden being targeted by Islamists Authorities say weekend bombing was not amateurish and could have been devastating Swedish authorities will now be taking a fresh look at radical Islamists in the country They say an extremist fringe in the Somali Muslim community is a cause of major concern
CNN  -- Say it with us : Kids today have it sooooo easy . A new smartphone app will do their math homework for them , provided it 's not too complicated . PhotoMath by microblink uses a phone 's camera to solve equations and then teaches you the step-by-step method for solving it yourself . The app can do arithmetic : addition , subtraction , division and multiplication . It can handle fractions . It knows what 23 is and can calculate the root of 246 . It can even do simple linear equations , provided the x you 're solving for is italicized so the app does n't confuse it with the x multiplication symbol . The only catch is that the equation you 're trying to solve must be printed text , rather than handwritten . So forget trying to calculate that tip by scribbling it on a restaurant napkin .  Do n't worry , there 's already a million apps for that . The app may pose a problem for schools are already dealing with smartphone overload . Math teachers will have to be extra vigilant during tests to prevent students from cheating . The PhotoMath app is available for iPhones and Windows phones and is coming to Android phones in 2015 .	PhotoMath app uses phone 's camera to solve equations App can do arithmetic , fractions and simple linear equations Equation must be printed text , not handwritten
Moscow  CNN  -- The computer contractor who exposed details of U.S. surveillance programs was on the run late Sunday , seeking asylum in Ecuador with the aid of the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks , the organization and Ecuador 's Foreign Ministry announced . Edward Snowden left Hong Kong after Washington sought his extradition on espionage charges , according to WikiLeaks , which facilitates the publication of classified information . "  He is bound for the Republic of Ecuador via a safe route for the purposes of asylum and is being escorted by diplomats and legal advisers from WikiLeaks , " the group said . Ecuador 's foreign ministry said it had received a request for asylum from Snowden , and a CNN crew spotted a car with diplomatic plates and an Ecuadorian flag at the Russian capital 's international airport . Ecuador has already given WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange refuge in its embassy in London for a year after he unsuccessfully fought extradition to Sweden in British courts . In Washington , the response was swift . The Obama administration asked Ecuador , Cuba and Venezuela , not to admit Snowden or to expel him if they do , a senior Obama administration official told CNN on Sunday . It also urged countries through which he might pass not to accept him . The Justice Department said it was "  disappointed " in the decision by Hong Kong authorities to allow Snowden to leave the semi-autonomous Chinese territory , arguing it had followed the proper legal steps to have him held and sent back to the United States . U.S. and Hong Kong officials had "  repeated engagements " over the case , and Attorney General Eric Holder discussed the matter with his counterpart in Hong Kong last week , the department said . "  At no point , in all of our discussions through Friday , did the authorities in Hong Kong raise any issues regarding the sufficiency of the U.S. 's provisional arrest request , " a statement from the department said . "  In light of this , we find their decision to be particularly troubling . " And a source familiar with the matter told CNN that the U.S. government has revoked Snowden 's passport . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said it was routine to revoke the passports of people charged with felonies . She would not comment specifically on the status of Snowden 's passport but said anyone wanted on a felony charge , "  such as Mr. Snowden , " should be stopped from "  any further international travel , other than is necessary to return him to the United States . " Among those accompanying Snowden is former Spanish judge Baltasar Garzon , now the lawyer for WikiLeaks and Assange , according to a statement from the organization . "  The WikiLeaks legal team and I are interested in preserving Mr. Snowden 's rights and protecting him as a person , " Garzon said . "  What is being done to Mr. Snowden and to Mr. Julian Assange -- for making or facilitating disclosures in the public interest -- is an assault against the people . " Garzon added in a statement Monday that Snowden has sought his legal advice . Garzon said he has not yet decided whether to represent Snowden . Assange sought asylum in June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden , where he is wanted for questioning over allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . He has repeatedly said the allegations are politically motivated and that he fears Sweden would transfer him to the United States . There are no charges pending against Assange in the United States . But a U.S. Army private who military prosecutors say leaked a vast cache of classified documents to WikiLeaks is now being court-martialed on charges of aiding the enemy , and he faces life in prison if convicted . Snowden has admitted he was the source who leaked classified documents about the NSA 's surveillance programs to the British newspaper the Guardian and to The Washington Post . The documents revealed the existence of programs that collect records of domestic telephone calls in the United States and monitor the Internet activity of overseas residents . NSA chief : Snowden ` betrayed ' our trust Snowden gave up a comfortable life "  in order to bring to light what he believed was serious wrongdoing on the part of our political officials , " said Glenn Greenwald , the Guardian columnist who co-authored the stories . "  And he 's now at best going to spend the rest of his life on the run from the most powerful government on Earth . " The disclosures rocked the Obama administration and U.S. intelligence , raising questions about whether the NSA was infringing on American civil liberties . Snowden told the Guardian that he exposed the surveillance programs because they posed a threat to democracy , but administration officials said the programs are vital to preventing terrorist attacks and are overseen by all three branches of government . "  We have not in a single case had a place where a government official engaged in willful effort to circumvent or violate the law . Zero times have we done that , " Gen. Keith Alexander , the NSA 's director , told ABC 's "  This Week . " Snowden was a Hawaii-based computer network administrator for Booz Allen Hamilton , an NSA contractor . Alexander said Snowden "  betrayed the trust and confidence we had in him " and is "  not acting , in my opinion , with noble intent . " "  This was an individual with top-secret clearance , whose duty it was to administer these networks , " Alexander said . "  He betrayed that confidence and stole some of our secrets . " He said the super-secret communications intelligence agency has changed passwords and procedures since Snowden 's disclosures -- "  But at the end of the day , we have to trust that our people are going to do the right thing . " Greenwald said Snowden has been extremely judicious about what he has revealed . "  I know that he has in his possession thousands of documents which if published would impose crippling damage on the United States ' surveillance capabilities and systems around the world . He has never done any of that , " Greenwald told CNN . "  If his goal were to harm the United States , there were all sorts of things he could have done , from uploading those documents on the Internet to selling them to a foreign intelligence service . " Hong Kong : Extradition request did n't comply with requirements Snowden left Hong Kong "  through a lawful and normal channel , " the government of the semi-autonomous Chinese territory said Sunday . The U.S. government announced Friday that it was charging Snowden with espionage and theft of government property and asked Hong Kong to hold him for extradition proceedings . In a statement Sunday , Justice Department spokeswoman Nanda Chitre said Hong Kong authorities had informed U.S. officials of Snowden 's departure . "  We will continue to discuss this matter with Hong Kong and pursue relevant law enforcement cooperation with other countries where Mr. Snowden may be attempting to travel , " she said . Hong Kong said the American request for a provisional arrest warrant "  did not fully comply with the legal requirements under Hong Kong law " so it asked for additional information . Because Hong Kong did n't have enough information , "  there is no legal basis to restrict Mr. Snowden from leaving Hong Kong , " the government said . But a Justice Department official said Sunday that the United States had met requirements and disputed the assertion from Hong Kong 's government . "  They came back to us with a few questions late Friday and we were in the process of answering those questions , " the official said . "  We believe we were meeting those requirements . As far as the relationship with Hong Kong goes , this raises questions and we will continue to discuss with authorities there . " Hong Kong 's lack of intervention came after Snowden told the South China Morning Post that U.S. intelligence agents have been hacking computer networks in Hong Kong and mainland China for years . The territory 's government said it has requested "  clarification " about that in order "  to protect the legal rights of the people of Hong Kong . " Snowden ` told the truth in the name of privacy , ' Paul says President Barack Obama , top legislators and national security officials defend the surveillance programs Snowden detailed as necessary to combat terrorism and argue that some privacy must be sacrificed in a balanced approach . In a chat session moderated by the Guardian last week , Snowden said he went ahead with the leak because Obama worsened "  abusive " practices instead of curtailing them as he promised as a candidate . Obama has been receiving updates on the Snowden case from national security aides , a senior administration official told CNN . But Snowden 's revelations also sparked criticism from U.S. spy chief James Clapper , who told the Senate Intelligence Committee in March that the NSA did n't "  wittingly " collect data on millions of Americans . After Snowden 's revelations , Clapper told NBC that he answered "  in what I thought was the most truthful , or least untruthful manner " to the question from Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon . Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky told CNN 's State of the Union that both Clapper and Snowden will be judged by history . "  Mr. Clapper lied in Congress , in defiance of the law , in the name of security . Mr. Snowden told the truth in the name of privacy , " said Paul , the son of former Libertarian-turned-Republican presidential hopeful Ron Paul . Paul said that unlike civil rights protesters who broke the law and submitted to the courts to make a statement , Snowden faces a "  disproportionate " penalty . But he added that Snowden 's actions may be judged more harshly if he "  cozies up " to an oppressive government overseas . "  If he goes to an independent third country like Iceland and if he refuses to talk to any sort of formal government about this , I think there 's a chance that he 'll be seen as an advocate of privacy , " Paul said . "  If he cozies up to either the Russian government , the Chinese government , or any of these governments that are perceived still as enemies of ours , I think that that will be a real problem for him in history . " CNN 's Phil Black reported from Moscow . CNN 's Matt Smith and Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Nic Robertson , Holly Yan , Jake Carpenter , Joe Johns , Dan Lothian , AnneClaire Stapleton , Carol Cratty , Melissa Gray and Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	NEW : Justice says it 's "  disappointed " in Hong Kong 's refusal to arrest Snowden Snowden faces "  the rest of his life on the run , " columnist says The United States has yanked Snowden 's passport and asks countries to turn him away He "  betrayed the trust and confidence " of the NSA , director says
CNN  -- North Korea attempted to reach out to the United States through Mongolia in 2009 , suggesting that the Mongolians host disarmament talks between Washington and Pyongyang , American diplomats reported in a document obtained by the website WikiLeaks . A Mongolian diplomat passed that information to the U.S. Embassy in Ulaan Baatar after an August 2009 meeting with Kim Yong Il , North Korea 's vice foreign minister , a leaked embassy cable recounts . "  There are no eternal enemies in this world , " the Mongolian official quoted Kim as saying . "  VFM Kim said the DPRK is spending too much on weapons rather than on its children , but that the current reality dictates that they can not get away from weapons for now , " the cable states , using shorthand for the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . "  Kim said the DPRK is not a threat and was only interested in self-protection . " The document is among the vast cache that the website WikiLeaks began releasing Sunday to widespread condemnation from the United States and its allies . The Mongolian diplomat who recounted the meeting described it as "  notable " since the North Koreans "  did not read from a prepared script , they were not aggressive and made no criticism of the United States , and they criticized China and Russia ` three or four times ' for supporting recent U.N. resolutions aimed at the DPRK , " the cable states . The North Koreans repeated their insistence that they would not return to the six-party regional talks aimed at convincing Pyongyang against dismantling its nuclear weapons program , according to the document . As they had in the past , they indicated that they wanted to discuss disarmament and the normalization of relations with Washington in one-on-one talks , which an embassy official suggested could be held in Mongolia , according to the Mongolian diplomat . The cable quotes Kim as saying that former President Clinton 's visit to North Korea "  has greatly improved the prospects for such talks . " Clinton had gone to Pyongyang a week earlier to retrieve two American journalists held on charges of entering the country illegally .	Mongolian diplomat recounted "  notable " meeting with North Korean officials North Korean officials criticized longtime allies , suggested talks in Mongolia North Korea "  only interested in self-protection , " document says
CNN  -- One day after leading a peaceful procession of demonstrators along the streets of his native Ferguson , Missouri , State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson turned an outdoor news conference into an impromptu community forum . "  I 'm here to make sure they hear what I 'm talking about , " Johnson , standing with Gov. Jay Nixon and others , told reporters Friday . He stepped away from the microphone and moved closer to members of a community still seething after Saturday 's racially-charged police shooting of an unarmed black teenager . "  Move in a little closer , " he implored residents who had gathered behind reporters . "  Come in closer . " For the man tapped Thursday to restore order in the restive St. Louis suburb where sometimes violent protests were met with a heavy-handed police response , the mission is personal . Demonstrations and confrontations with local police marked the night hours earlier this week , in the wake of a weekend police shooting by a white officer that left an 18-year-old African-American man dead . Michael Brown , who was unarmed , died in the Saturday shooting . Police say he was trying to grab the officer 's gun . Witnesses say Brown was holding his hands in the air when he was fatally shot . State troopers took over security after days of clashes between protesters and local police , who have been accused of using excessive force -- including rubber bullets and tear gas -- in response to the demonstrations . "  The people of our community need to hear what I 'm saying , " Johnson told the crowd . "  They have questions . This is n't about Ron Johnson ... It is about the people that live in our community . " On Thursday night , Johnson and other officials marched with the protesters and , in his words , they "  walked and shook hands and talked to people and listened and promised that we 're going to communicate better . " "  Last night was a great night , " he recalled on Friday . "  There were no calls for service . We did not deploy tear gas . We did not have road blocks . We did not make any arrests . It was a good night . People were talking . " At Friday 's news conference , residents expressed skepticism on details released earlier by Ferguson 's police chief implicating Brown as the "  primary suspect " in a convenience store robbery moments before he was killed . Johnson said he would brief residents about the claims after meeting with Police Chief Thomas Jackson . But he urged residents "  to make sure that we do n't burn down our own house , that we do n't go down there and vandalize our own buildings ... That does n't prove a point . That does not solve the issue . That hurts this community , and that 's what I do n't want . " At one point in the news conference , a man who said he was the father of seven children talked about his kids being "  scared to death " of the police . Johnson responded more like a pastor than a law enforcement officer : "  When I got home , my daughter said , ` Daddy , were you scared ? ' I said , ` Just a little . ' She said , ` Daddy , I want you to remember when Jesus asked Peter to walk with him in the water . When Peter got scared Jesus picked him up and said have faith . ' Today , we need to be just like Peter . " On social media , people praised Johnson 's handling of the situation . "  Capt. Johnson . Inspiring . What an incredible night this is in #Ferguson , " one person tweeted . Music impresario Russell Simmons tweeted : "  When police know the community and come from community , the relationship can be transformed overnight . Well done Capt. Johnson . #Ferguson " When Johnson took over security in Ferguson Thursday , the suburb had become a flashpoint . "  A young man lost his life and so I grieve for that family because I have a son , " he told CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  We 're going to look at this from a personal standpoint and if that was my son -- or that was my friend -- how would I feel ? " Johnson grew up in the area and considers it both his community and his home . 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Although locals say race relations have long been troubled between the city 's mostly African-American population and the mostly white police force , anger spilled out after Brown 's death . "  It means a lot to me , personally , that we break the cycle of violence , diffuse the tension and build trust -- showing the utmost respect for every interaction with every citizen , " Johnson , who is African-American , told reporters . "  Moving forward , I 'm confident that the patrol and police resources present here in Ferguson will do just that . " Johnson said he is committed to the new approach . He stressed the importance of not focusing on the past . "  We 're going to start from today . We 're not going to look back in the past , " Johnson said . "  We are going to have a different approach and have the approach that we 're in this together . " Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests A white man 's response to Ferguson CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	The man in charge of security in Ferguson walks with protesters Missouri Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson was tapped for the job Thursday "  I 'm here to make sure they hear what I 'm talking about , " Johnson says Friday State troopers took over security in Ferguson after days of clashes
CNN  -- At first , Dutch artist Christien Meindertsma thought she would pick one cow and document all of the uses to which it would ultimately be put . "  But when I thought about it more , I realized that in the Netherlands you see a lot of cows still standing outside in the landscape , but you never see a pig . I thought that was strange , because there are 12 million of them this very small country . " So she wound up spending three years tracing the products made in part with pieces of a 228-pound  104-kilogram  pig , known only as number 05049 . Watch an interview with Christien Meindertsma Meindertsma , who spoke at the TED Global conference in Oxford , England , in July , published a book , essentially a product catalog of pig 05049 's products -- 185 in all . The book , "  PIG 05049 , " is now in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art . Museum staff supervisor Paul Galloway says the book illustrates "  the level of disconnect , physically and psychologically , consumers have from the production of objects we use on a daily basis . " For an earlier project , Meindertsma catalogued and photographed more than 3,000 items confiscated at airport security in the Netherlands after the 9/11 attacks . TED.com : The brain in your gut Among the uses of pig 05049 , according to Meindertsma , are certain varieties of the following products : • Soap , shampoo , conditioner , cosmetics and toothpaste ; • Dough improver , which uses proteins from pig hair ; • Gelatin , which is used in low-fat foods as well as in cheesecake , vanilla pudding , chocolate mousse and tiramisu ; • Beer , wine and fruit juice , which can be filtered by using a gelatin sieve to clear out impurities ; • Bone china and paint , paintbrushes and sandpaper ; • Collagen to remove wrinkles and pig heart valves to replace defective human valves . "  What I learned from doing it is that the product world is more complicated then you can imagine and that we have no clue of what is in the products that surround us , " she told CNN . "  Even if you are genuinely interested in what is in your products , it is extremely difficult and often impossible to find out . " TED.com : The roots of plant intelligence "  The reason that I find this important is because I think we have a responsibility in what we consume , but it is hard to make a good choice when you have no idea of what is in a product . "  But , even without this knowledge , consumers could have a lot of power to change these systems if they wanted to . Companies just want to make a profit so if the demand changes they will start making other products . "  If consumers would make a choice to buy products that are transparent in what they are and who made them , that could be the standard . "	Dutch artist Christien Meindertsma catalogued all the uses to which one pig was put She found it was used in everything from toothpaste to dough improver The pig 's heart valves can save a life and its collagen can fill a wrinkle She says the project showed "  we have no clue of what is in the products that surround us "
Two prominent Muslim civil liberties groups called for Police Commissioner Ray Kelly to resign on Thursday because of his participation in a film that they say paints all Muslims as terrorists . "  Involvement with ` Third Jihad ' sends a clear message that the NYPD 's dealings with New York 's diverse Muslim communities are based on bigotry and blanket suspicion , " the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee  ADC  stated in a press release . Muslim activists say "  The Third Jihad , " a documentary about radical Islam , vilifies the American Muslim community and teaches police officers to suspect Muslims as terrorists . Muslim activists are also calling for Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne to resign , saying that he first denied and only later admitted that Kelly was interviewed for the film . "  They were not telling the truth about their involvement in the propaganda film against Muslims , " said Nihad Awad , executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations  CAIR  , adding that New York "  deserves people they trust who do not discriminate against people . " The film 's producer , Ralphael Shore , released a written statement defending the film stating that the film accurately portrays radical Islam : "  Those that have blasted the film are attempting to stifle an important debate about the internal state of the Muslim community in America , and whether politicized Islam and indoctrination pose tangible security threats , " Shore said in the statement . According to documents obtained by New York University 's Brennan Center for Justice , the film was screened during an NYPD terrorism training course that more than 1,000 police officers attended . In a statement released Wednesday night , Kelly acknowledged that he had been interviewed for the film five years ago by a filmmaker and , "  while it never became part of the Department 's curriculum , and was not authorized for any training , " the film had been screened "  for an extended period in 2010 " in a room where officers were on break from training . According to the statement , the screening stopped after an officer who was offended by it brought it to department officials ' attention . "  I offer my apologies to members of the Muslim community , in particular , who would find the film inflammatory and its airing on Department property , though unauthorized , to be inappropriate , " Kelly said . Awad said the police commissioner 's apology was not enough . "  It 's not personal , but from our standpoint , our trust in the police chief has been eroded , " the CAIR leader said . "  He needs to resign . "	Activists say "  The Third Jihad " vilifies the Muslim-American community The film was screened during a terrorism training course , according to documents Commissioner apologizes , says film 's airing on NYPD property was "  unauthorized " Groups are also calling for Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne to resign
Washington  CNN  -- Trying to strike a balance between shedding his isolationist label and defending his nontraditional GOP views on foreign policy , Sen. Rand Paul took another jab Tuesday at his more hawkish colleague , Sen. John McCain . In a discussion hosted by Paul Gigot , editorial page editor at The Wall Street Journal , Paul argued he 's not in favor of a total abandonment of U.S. intervention overseas but was unapologetic in saying he 's "  one of the least reluctant to go to war . " "  If I 'm ever commander-in-chief , I will not want to take the country to war , " the Kentucky Republican said . "  It will be the last resort and only when the country is united . " Paul said he 's not staking out an "  all or none " approach on U.S. intervention . "  But I do believe less . I believe we 've been everywhere all the time . We 're about to bankrupt our country and there is great danger to what we 've been doing , " he said . "  I want less . McCain wants more . He wants 15 countries more or 15 wars more . " His comments came at The Wall Street Journal 's annual meeting of the CEO Council , an audience that overwhelmingly favors former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush as the 2016 Republican presidential nominee . The jab against McCain marks the latest hit in an ongoing back-and-forth between the two senators over foreign policy . This summer they sparred publicly after Paul repeatedly pushed a widely-debunked claim that the Arizona senator took a photo with ISIS leaders when he went to Syria last year . In turn , McCain blasted Paul for appearing to waver on his views about the fight against ISIS , saying Paul 's change in tune weakened his "  credibility " and argued he would n't be a good commander-in-chief on national security issues . Brian Rogers , a spokesman for McCain , responded to Paul 's latest comment on Tuesday . "  It 's hard to take seriously the claims of someone who repeats debunked conspiracy theories spread by America 's adversaries that Sen. McCain met with ISIS , " Rogers said . In Paul 's remarks at the event , he brought up a Bloomberg/Des Moines Register poll from Iowa , saying that he liked how they framed a question on foreign policy asking whether the U.S. should be quicker to intervene in foreign conflicts "  as John McCain suggests " or less interventionist , "  as Rand Paul suggests . " With 41 percent agreeing with Paul 's position -- slightly fewer than the 45 percent who sided with McCain -- Paul argued that a significant bulk of the electorate is on his side and pushed back against criticism that he maintains fringe views on national defense . "  That 's a caricature and I 'll have to fight that , but we 'll see what happens , " he said .	Sen. Rand Paul advocated for "  less war " at a conference in Washington on Tuesday Paul claimed Sen. John McCain hoped to start "  15 wars more " Paul continues to shape his foreign policy doctrine ahead of a potential 2016 presidential run
CNN  -- A Las Vegas cabbie who returned $ 300,000 left in his car has received a $ 10,000 reward from the poker player who lost the cash . But cab driver Gerardo Gamboa and his bosses on Friday still were n't revealing the name of the 28-year-old professional gambler , whom they earlier described as a famous figure on the poker circuit . "  It 's good enough , I really appreciate it , " Gamboa said about the reward . "  I was n't expecting anything from the people I help . I never expect anything from the people I do good for , but I really appreciate it and that he appreciated what I 'd done for him . " Before the gambler forgot his paper bag of cash in the cab 's backseat , the poker player tipped the cabbie $ 5 on a $ 9.90 fare , Gamboa said . The brown paper bag , with wads of $ 100 bills inside , was discovered when Gamboa picked up his next fare . "  I really appreciate that because when somebody gives me $ 5 it means they appreciate my service , " Gamboa said . When pressed for the high roller 's name , however , Gamboa was , well , poker-faced himself . "  You know , he does n't want me to mention his name , and I want to keep his privacy . He does n't want any publicity , " Gamboa said . The gambler and cabbie did n't say much during the two-mile ride Monday between hotel casinos in Vegas . "  We did n't have any conversation , " Gamboa said . "  The only thing I told him was I take him where he was going . He did n't say hi or bye but he was an outstanding person , his attitude and everything , and how grateful he is since I found his money . " Meanwhile , Gamboa 's native country of the Philippines is going to honor him . The office of President Benigno Aquino III called the cab company and said it will send a resolution of commendation to him , said Bill Shranko , chief operations officer at Yellow Checker Star . "  They are so proud of me , and I am so proud of what I have done , " Gamboa said . His countrymen , family and employer hold that pride , he said , "  because I did the right thing and did n't think twice because I was not interested in those money that did not belong to me . " He has been surprised by the international attention . "  I have a lot of people calling me and telling me how honest I am . That 's the way I am , that 's the way my parents raised me when I was a kid , " he said . Yellow Checker Star gave Gamboa a $ 1,000 reward , made him driver of the year , and gave him a steak dinner for two . His boss also gave him four paid days off . Those who make their living in the cab business are enjoying the moment : Cabbies are no longer maligned -- whether it 's for running up the fare or refusing to stop when hailed on the street -- and are generating international good will , Gamboa 's boss said . "  This is the best thing to happen to drivers worldwide because they do n't have a good reputation and they work incredibly hard , 12 hours a day , and they do a tremendous job for tourism worldwide , " Shranko said . On New Year 's Eve -- one of the busiest days in the cabbie business -- Gamboa will be back at work on the Las Vegas Strip . That 's where the cabbie picked up the forgetful gambler and proved his honesty in a town better known as sin city .	Poker player rewards Las Vegas cabbie who returned $ 300K left in backseat Cabbie and his bosses still are n't giving gambler 's name "  He does n't want me to mention his name , " cabbie Gerardo Gamboa says His native Philippines is going to give driver a resolution of commendation , too
Melissa Harris-Lacewell is associate professor of politics and African-American studies at Princeton University . She is the author of the award-winning book "  Barbershops , Bibles , and BET : Everyday Talk and Black Political Thought , " and writes a daily blog titled The Kitchen Table . Melissa Harris-Lacewell says black politics has come of age , with blacks as equal partners in electing Obama . PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- It seems Tavis Smiley has been irritated with Barack Obama for a long time . Smiley is perhaps the most recognizable African-American journalist in the country . He is a fixture on radio and television , and has authored several books that are best-sellers among black readers . One might suspect that Smiley would be enthusiastic about the opportunities presented by America 's election of a black president . Instead , Smiley seems annoyed . In February 2008 , Smiley denounced then-candidate Obama for failing to make a personal appearance at Smiley 's annual State of the Black Union . His continuing criticism of Sen. Obama during the fall campaign produced substantial outcry from listeners of the Tom Joyner Morning Show , a popular radio program where Smiley had been a well-liked regular . After Obama 's election , Smiley published a text titled "  Accountable " and has repeatedly indicated his intention to hold President Obama "  accountable " to an explicitly racial agenda . The specific policies suggested by Smiley 's books are not substantially different from those of the Obama administration , but Smiley insists on explicit and repeated acknowledgement of race , while Obama typically seeks to address inequality within a racially neutral frame . Despite writing about race in both of his books , addressing race in the historic Philadelphia speech during the Democratic primary and repeatedly acknowledging that racial inequality endures , Smiley 's critique implies that Obama 's approach to race is both inadequate and inauthentic . On May 24 , TV One aired the latest installment of Smiley 's accountability campaign : a two-hour documentary titled "  Stand . " Recycling Spike Lee 's Million Man March film , "  Get On the Bus , " Smiley assembled a group of prominent black male public figures for a bus ride through the South . Ostensibly , this bus trip would provide Smiley , professors Cornel West and Michael Eric Dyson , Dick Gregory and others an opportunity to reflect on the meaningful upheavals in American society and politics in the summer of 2008 . "  Stand " was an enormous disappointment . Its low production value , wandering narrative , flat history and self-important egoism did little to reveal the shortcomings of the Obama phenomenon . Instead , the piece exposed and embodied the contemporary crisis of the black public intellectual in the age of Obama . The film and its participants  two of them my senior colleagues at Princeton University  appropriated the legacy of the Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. to implicitly claim that they , not Obama , are the authentic representatives of the political interests of African-Americans . They used King 's images and speeches , gathered on the balcony where King was assassinated , and explicitly asserted their desire to play King to Obama 's LBJ , and Frederick Douglass to Obama 's Lincoln . On its face , this is not a bad model . Presidents are deeply constrained by the structural and political limitations of their office . A robust administration needs an active and informed citizenry to engage , push , cajole , criticize and applaud its efforts . But this appropriation misrepresents rather than preserves King 's legacy . King was a powerful questioner and , at times , ally of President Johnson because he was at the helm of a massive social movement of men and women who were shut out of the ordinary political process . It was not King 's intellectual capacity or verbal dexterity that made him an effective advocate for racial issues ; it was his own accountability to that movement . This is not true of Smiley and his "  soul patrol , " who are mostly public personalities and tenured professors largely unaccountable to the black constituency . King 's meager income , though supplemented by the lecture circuit , was grounded in the voluntary contributions of black churchgoers . Smiley is backed by powerful corporations , like Wal-Mart and Nationwide , that have troubled relationships with these communities . The college profs on the bus are comfortably supported by well-endowed universities . This does not invalidate their views on race , but it does make the analogy with King a poor fit . Further , Smiley and his "  soul patrol " seemed to have missed the intervening 40 years between the era of King and the election of Obama . African-Americans are no longer fully disfranchised subjects of an oppressive state . African-Americans are now citizens capable of running for office , holding officials accountable through democratic elections , publicly expressing divergent political preferences and , most importantly , engaging the full spectrum of American political issues , not only narrowly racial ones . The era of racial brokerage politics , when the voices of a few men stood in for the entire race , is now over . And thank goodness it is over . Black politics is growing up . The men of "  Stand " yearned for an imagined racial past . By their accounting , this racial past had better music , more charismatic leaders and a more-involved black church . Their romanticism ignores the cultural contributions of contemporary black youth , forgets the dangerous limitations of charismatic leadership and revises the fraught , complicated relationship of black churches to struggles for racial equality . And these men ignored the democratizing effect of new media forms , which revolutionized the 2008 election . Black people were not duped by some slick , media-generated candidate . African-Americans were co-authors of the Obama campaign . Through social networks , YouTube videos , political blogs and new-media echo chambers , black people were equal partners in shaping the candidate and his campaign . There was no need for the entrenched pundit class to tell black voters what to think or how to behave ; they figured it out for themselves . Still , there is plenty to criticize in the young Obama administration : the refusal to prosecute those implicated in the torture memos , civilian casualties caused by drone attacks , bank bailouts and inadequate defense of gay rights to name a few . But black communities are already engaged in these critiques and many others . Black local organizers , elected officials , bloggers , pundits and columnists have taken substantive , specific positions on a broad range of issues . In black communities , nonprofit organizations continue to work for justice , and charities still try to fill the gap during tough economic times . African-Americans are engaged as mature citizens ought to be : in both discourse and action . This political maturity is precisely the source of the black public intellectual crisis : What do Smiley and the Soul Patrol add to this process ? Their bus never stopped at a Habitat for Humanity site to build a home or at a soup kitchen to serve the hungry . Their dialogue centered more on the relative merits of Aretha vs. Beyonce than on meaningful political issues . Though they spoke with elders , their self-congratulatory revelry never paused to engage any elected officials , issues specialists or local activists . And while they talked a great deal about women , they never spoke to a woman . "  Stand " was sad because I still believe in a role for black public intellectuals . Scholars and journalists often have a particular capacity for curiosity , questioning and issue synthesis that has real value in public discourse . It was painfully clear that this particular accountability crusade is not informed by any of those skills . Instead , it seems determined to stand in the way of the maturation of African-American politics in order to maintain personal power . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melissa Harris-Lacewell .	Melissa Harris-Lacewell : Some have said Obama should be held to racial agenda She says nostalgia for the old days of protest obscures last election Black politics has come of age , and African-Americans are equal partners , she says
Hong Kong , as anyone who has lived or worked in the city knows , is simultaneously China , and not China . The complex legal framework that was put in place when the city reverted to Chinese rule in 1997 makes it a unique case , and one which means that the delineations between the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region  SAR  and the mainland are rarely straightforward . The differences between the two provide a wealth of reasons why they are often at loggerheads -- and no more so than now , with tens of thousands of Hong Kongers taking to the streets to protest what they see as Beijing 's undue encroachment into Hong Kong 's civil affairs and political structure . Certainly Hong Kong 's unique history has set it apart . While the former colony was returned to Chinese sovereignty , the British colonial legacy has endured , and with it a set of institutions and historical , cultural , economic , legal and lifestyle differences . Here are just a few of them examined . Historical Compared with China throughout much of the city 's modern history , Hong Kong has been a bastion of peace , prosperity and , in the 1960s and 70s , a haven from the horrors of the Cultural Revolution . The city has welcomed refugees from across China , notably Shanghai , since the civil war and the rise of the Communist party in 1949 . Indeed , Chinese migrants to the port city provided the pool of skilled and unskilled labor that made Hong Kong the manufacturing hub that it once was , setting it on the path to economic success . When a British landing party planted their flag at Possession Point on Hong Kong island over 170 years ago , they set in motion one of the most complex political relationships to endure to the present day . While the island of Hong Kong was ceded in perpetuity following the first Opium War , the bulk of Hong Kong 's landmass , the Kowloon peninsula and the New Territories , were leased from China . When the New Territories ' lease was due to expire , in 1997 , it was decided that the former colony would be returned , in its entirety , to China . Since then the city has endured a "  brain drain " in the 1980s and the early 90s , after Britain and China had agreed the handover of sovereignty , and particularly when the Tiananmen crackdowns in 1989 were fresh in the memories of those Hong Kongers who could find their way out . There are some who fear that clampdowns on civil liberties might mean the city could soon face another exodus : "  I 'm worried that people might migrate again , " Michael Davis , a law professor at Hong Kong University , told CNN 's Andrew Stevens . . "  That would be a disaster . " The Basic Law : "  One country , two systems " Hong Kong 's defacto constitution , the Basic Law , states that Hong Kong will co-exist with China as "  one country , two systems " for 50 years after the handover of power in 1997 . Due to expire in 2047 , it states that the city "  shall safeguard the rights and freedoms of the residents . " One of the tenets contained in the Basic Law , and reaffirmed by Lu Ping , China 's then-top official on Hong Kong , was the right to develop its own democracy . "  How Hong Kong develops its democracy in the future is completely within the sphere of the autonomy of Hong Kong , " Lu was quoted as saying in the state media People 's Daily in March 1993 . "  The central government will not interfere . " Beijing , however , has repeatedly reinterpreted the document , and in June of this year released a White Paper reaffirming its "  complete jurisdiction " over Hong Kong . While the city enjoys many more legal freedoms than China -- including , crucially , the right to assembly -- this can be a brickbat for pro-Beijing voices . "  The stability of Hong Kong is crucial , " Victor Gao , director of the China National Association of International Studies told CNN from Beijing . "  There are better channels for people in Hong Kong to express their positions , rather than resorting to illegal means of creating disturbances and counterproductive means of preventing other people ... to go along with their lives . " Culture and lifestyle It is hard to foster a sense of togetherness after almost two centuries of being separate . Linguistically -- Cantonese is the common tongue here -- socially and culturally , Hong Kong and the mainland can seem worlds apart . Sometimes the differences are seemingly minor ; one prominent , telling example is of a video , shared on social media , of an altercation over a mainland tourist eating noodles on the MTR , Hong Kong 's pristine subway system . But even what appear to be surface differences can explode , and videos like this often go viral here , highlighting the differences between locals and their mainland cousins . Much of the frustration is borne of the impact mainland visitors have in Hong Kong -- crowding locals out of everywhere from maternity wards to high end boutiques , and pricing them out of the housing market . Around the time of the MTR incident , a crowdsourced newspaper ad warned against an "  invasion " of "  locusts " -- mainlanders who would figuratively devour everything in their path . For those across the border in the mainland , the perception of Hong Kongers ranges from admiration to a feeling of contempt : Following the media storm that followed the MTR noodle-eating incident , a prominent Chinese academic , Peking University professor Kong Qingdong , called Hong Kongers "  bastards " and imperialist "  running dogs . " Hong Kong identity Every six months since the handover in 1997 , Hong Kong University has surveyed a sample of Hong Kong residents to gauge feelings of identity in the city . The last poll was conducted in June , when over 40 % of those questioned said they identified as a "  Hong Konger , " rather than "  Chinese "  amongst other options  , a percentage that has crept up in the past 17 years . "  The protesters are unhappy because Hong Kong is becoming more and more like China , " Chinese tourist , 24-year old Liujing , from Hainan , told CNN at spillover protests in the Mong Kok region of Kowloon . "  I support them because growing up , we always admired Hong Kong . If Hong Kong became like China then that would be a real shame . " "  In the mainland , first of all , we would never hear about something like this because of censorship . In the mainland , this protest would be forcibly dispersed within two hours , " she said . "  Here it 's different . I do n't think police will open fire because Hong Kong is a safe place . " "  I 'm not sure the protesters will get what they want , but I support them . " Legal Hong Kong is rightfully proud of the near-universal respect of the rule of law . For many , it is what sets Hong Kong apart from the mainland and its reputation for honesty is one of the reasons that so many multinationals have based their regional headquarters in the city . The police generally have the trust of the population -- although how this trust will be affected by the events of the past few days remains to be seen . It was n't always thus ; until the creation of the Independent Commission Against Corruption  ICAC  , a nongovernmental watchdog in the 1960s , graft was as much of a problem here as it is in China . Hong Kong retains a legal system which closely mirrors the British one , another holdover from the colonial era , but one which prizes transparency and due process and is largely welcomed by the populace . The ruling Communist Party controls all aspects of China 's judicial process . However , the Basic Law , guarantees the independence of the SAR 's judiciary . Economic Hong Kong maintains its own currency  which is pegged to the U.S. dollar  and the city 's "  capitalist " system is also enshrined in the Basic Law . China 's oft-touted economic miracle is , at least in part , traceable to Hong Kong 's influence . Not only was the presence of the city 's free market a huge influence on the economic reforms of the late 1970s and 80s , but investment in the mainland from Hong Kong tops that from everywhere else combined . The rest of China has benefited greatly from Hong Kong 's "  investment , energy and entrepreneurship , " Hong Kong University 's Michael Davis , says . However , as China 's economic clout grows , so does Hong Kong 's dependence on it . As a logistics center and the world 's "  gateway to China " the city relies heavily on re-export of Chinese manufacturing , and inwards tourism and retail demand from the mainland is a significant earner for Hong Kong . The mainland 's promotion of its own cities as rivals to Hong Kong -- Shanghai as a free trade and financial hub , for example -- could further complicate the relationship between Hong Kong and China .	Hong Kong 's "  One country , two systems " governance guarantees the city a high degree of autonomy The relationship between Hong Kong and China is often complex British colonial legacy and institutions , as well as historical , cultural , economic , legal and lifestyle differences , remain
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Jewish students and faculty at California universities fear for their safety on campus because of threats aimed at them over the Middle East conflict , the father of a slain Wall Street Journal reporter said Friday . Judea Pearl , the father of slain reporter Daniel Pearl , says anti-Semitism is on rise on college campuses . Judea Pearl , whose son , Daniel Pearl , was kidnapped and killed by al Qaeda extremists while on assignment in Pakistan in 2002 , told reporters at a news conference that anti-Semitic e-mail and verbal threats have escalated since Israel 's three-week invasion of Gaza in January . Pearl teaches computer science on UCLA 's Westwood campus . On the school 's Web site , UCLA Chancellor Gene Block issued a statement about the university 's policy . "  The conflict in the Middle East and current events in Gaza are some of the most highly controversial issues of our time , stirring deep emotions on all sides , " the statement read . "  We have a responsibility to protect the freedom of expression . We also all have a responsibility to listen and engage -- respectfully -- even as we must understand that not every campus forum on a controversial topic will satisfy passionate and concerned members of the campus and broader communities , " said Block . Pearl and officials at the Simon Wiesenthal Center , where the news conference was held , are concerned that administrators on college campuses across the country are not doing enough to foster freedom of expression while protecting Jewish students and faculty members from acts of intimidation on campuses . "  The verbal abuse is there , the intimidation is there , the feeling of helplessness is there , not only among students but among faculty , " said Pearl . Pearl cited an incident several years ago in which he was threatened . "  I received hate messages from someone at UCLA who did not identify himself and said , ' I saw you in Ackerman Union and I know where your office is and I 'm going to beat the  expletive  out of you , ' " Pearl said . "  I handed it to the campus police , and they did not do anything . " UCLA spokeswoman Elizabeth Boatright-Simon told CNN there is no record of Pearl 's complaint to campus police but said the university plans to meet with him . Wiesenthal Center officials cited another incident three weeks ago at San Jose State University where the consul general of Israel was verbally abused and forcibly driven from the stage during a guest-speaking engagement aimed at fostering understanding of Jewish culture . The diplomat , Akiva Tor , had to be escorted out of the room by security officers and campus police before the event ended , according to Rabbi Abraham Cooper of the Wiesenthal Center and Michelle Salinsky , president of Spartans for Israel , the group which co-sponsored the speaking event . "  We were extremely concerned about our safety and Mr. Tor 's safety , " said Salinsky , a senior majoring in political science . "  Mr. Tor said he 's never felt more disrespected . This was clearly an infringement of our expression of free speech . I think a lot of Jewish students do not feel safe on campuses because of the escalation of hate perpetrated against Jews . " San Jose State University spokeswoman Pat Harris told CNN the sponsors of the event were responsible for moderating the speaking forum but maintained that officers and security personnel acted appropriately . In a statement , the university president Jon Whitmore defended the university 's policies but expressed concern about the event . "  Our campus places high value on the free exchange of ideas in a manner that is inclusive and respectful of differing views , " the statement read . "  At a recent campus event , numerous members of the audience with views differing from the invited speaker were so vocal in their expression of opposition and so uncooperative with the moderator 's requests for orderly means of handling questions and answers that they disrupted the event and did not allow the speaker to respond to posed questions . The university fully endorses the free expression of ideas and opinion , but does not condone behavior and methods of expression that disrupt free and orderly discussion . " As part of an effort to promote tolerance , the Wiesenthal Center announced plans to unveil a public service campaign next month which will be distributed online at Columbia University , UCLA , UC-Berkeley , San Jose State University and the University of Chicago , among other campuses . "  There are a lot of Jewish kids in California and elsewhere who are beginning to look elsewhere and saying maybe the UC system is not a user friendly place to go and we ca n't accept that , " said Cooper .	Judea Pearl says anti-Semitism on rise since January 's Gaza conflict Pearl 's son , Daniel Pearl , was killed in 2002 by al Qaeda extremists Pearl claims he received a threat , but UCLA police did nothing UCLA spokesman says there is no record of Pearl 's complaint
CNN  -- The death of Slayer founder and Grammy-winning heavy metal guitarist Jeff Hanneman launched speculation Friday that focused on a spider bite . Hanneman , 49 , died Thursday of liver failure in Southern California , the band said in a statement . Though there was no official word from a physician or medical professional about Hanneman 's death , several news outlets reported what Hanneman 's band said in a statement Friday -- that the rocker 's death was connected to a spider bite that he suffered at least more than a year ago . On the band 's website , a statement read that in January Hanneman contracted necrotizing fasciitis "  likely caused by a spider bite , and has been undergoing surgeries , skin grafts and intense rehab since . " Necrotizing fasciitis is a flesh-eating condition . Read about necrotizing faciitis On Friday , CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen spoke to Dr. Donna Seger who routinely treats spider-bite victims at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Tennessee . The state is known for its recluse spider population . Seger , a medical doctor , is the medical director of Tennessee Poison Center and professor of medicine and emergency medicine at Vanderbilt . She said that spider bites do not lead to organ failure . But infections -- which could develop after a variety of scenarios ranging from a mosquito bite or even a scratch on the skin from a nail -- can sometimes lead to bad outcomes . Could Hanneman have been suffering from an infection ? And from what ? Without his treating physician weighing in , that is unclear . Seger stressed that , on the whole , patients with spider bites recover fine if they follow medical instructions and keep their bite areas clean so that a scab can form and fall off . "  I think it 's really important that spider bites be understood because there 's so many urban legends about , you know , you get a spider bite , your limb falls off and you die , " Seger said . "  That does n't happen . " Separate from discussion on the cause of death , the musician 's passing reverberated throughout the music community . The guitarist was with Slayer from its founding in 1981 . Its breakthrough came five years later with the release of "  Reign in Blood , " an album that included two songs -- "  Angel of Death " and "  Raining Blood " -- co-written by Hanneman . That was one of 10 studio albums that the band put out over three decades together , during which they performed thousands of shows . On Slayer 's official website , Hanneman said that the last one -- "  World Painted Blood " -- came together quickly because the band 's members worked seamlessly . "  The interaction between all of us on this record was really something special , " he said . " ... The chemistry was just good . " In 2006 and 2007 , Slayer won Grammy awards for best metal performance . The metal world -- in tweets from , among many others , the bands Rancid , Hatebreed , In Flames and Testament -- reacted to Hanneman 's death with sadness and appreciation , referring to him as a "  true heavy metal legend " and a "  brother in thrash . " "  Jeff Hanneman will always be a metal god , " wrote rocker Andrew WK . "  A true master , he gave energy and excitement to millions , and will continue to . #PartyForSlayer . " CNN 's John Bonifield , Elizabeth Cohen , Denise Quan , Amanda Watts and Chelsea Carter contributed to this report .	Slayer 's website says Jeff Hanneman 's liver-failure death was linked to a spider bite Website says he "  contracted necrotizing fasciitis ... likely caused by a spider bite " A doctor tells CNN bites do n't lead to organ failure but infected bites can cause problems Hanneman was among founders of heavy metal band Slayer in 1981
CNN  -- One child died and several were injured Friday in Bolivar County , Mississippi , when a school bus collided with a tractor-trailer on a foggy stretch of road , officials said . The bus was carrying elementary-school and high-school students when the accident happened around 7 a.m. Friday , said Cedrick Ellis , superintendent of the Shaw School District , in Shaw , Mississippi . A "  younger child " was killed in the accident , said Dr. J.O. Trice , a deputy county coroner . Ellis said the bus and a tractor-trailer loaded with gravel collided , causing both vehicles to overturn . The Mississippi Highway Safety Patrol is investigating , Ellis said . It was not clear if the fog contributed to the crash , . CNN 's Maria White and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	One child was killed in an early morning bus crash in Mississippi The state highway patrol is investigating
Toulouse , France  CNN  -- The disruptive days of thunderous , fuel-guzzling planes hovering in our skies could be a thing of the past . So too could the tortuous queues and endless boarding process , if futuristic flight concepts become reality . Since the first commercial passenger flight in 1914 , 65 billion passengers have taken to the skies and another 65 billion are expected to do the same before 2030 . And experts say efficient , greener performance is what will steer aviation into the next century . "  A major breakthrough in an airliner will bring half a percent , 1 % greater fuel efficiency , which does n't sound like much -- but to an airline , it 's huge . It 's millions of dollars  in savings  a year , " said Robert van der Linden , chair and curator of air transportation at the Smithsonian Institution National Air and Space Museum . The Airbus A380 is the world 's biggest passenger aircraft , and its future depends on constant redevelopment and improving performance . The energy problem is one of the major drivers for the company , Gregor Dirks , corporate innovator for Airbus , told CNN 's Isa Soares . "  We have to do something about it . Reducing fuel burn is one way , and we have been very successful in the past . " The Airbus vision of the future can be seen through its concept plane design , which is packed with the stuff made of engineering dreams . One concept feature is dubbed "  eco-climb , " where take off is assisted by propelled acceleration for a steeper climb , so that planes reach efficient cruise altitudes sooner . In the concept cabin , seats will use body heat to power aircraft systems such as holographic pop-up pods , while a futuristic cabin membrane can become transparent to give passengers open panoramic views . What 's more , Airbus has radical ideas for speedier boarding . "  We could think about city center check-in and actually transport little pods to the airport where the passengers are already in and just slide the pod into the airplane , " said Dirks . Some of the full-blown features of the Airbus concept plane will become a reality later this century , according to Dirks , but parts of the vision are already being implemented in the current fleet . Titanium brackets used in the cabin have been made using 3-D printing , reducing the weight of the parts , and allowing the manufacture of "  organic " shapes that would otherwise be too expensive to produce . "  This is going to be a big revolution in manufacturing , " predicted Dirks . "  Passengers wo n't see it much but they get more choice and they got it cheaper and earlier . "	Aviation 's future must be efficient , greener and easier as air traffic grows Just 1 % greater fuel efficiency means millions in savings for airlines Cabins with glass-top ceilings are part of the Airbus vision
CNN  -- The director of the Peace Corps , Aaron S. Williams , announced Tuesday that he is stepping aside after three years on the job . "  This has been a difficult choice because serving in this position has been the highlight of my public service career , " he said in his message to colleagues . "  It has brought my personal journey in government full circle - from Peace Corps Volunteer to Director . It is time , however , for me to shift my focus to my family . " Williams , who leaves effective September 17 , served as a volunteer in the Dominican Republic from 1967 till 1970 . He was sworn in to the organization 's top job in August 2009 and immediately found himself dealing with security issues related to the volunteers . Four months earlier , 24-year-old volunteer Kate Puzey had been killed in Benin . And last year , an ABC News investigation reported that more than 1,000 young Peace Corps volunteers had been sexually assaulted during the prior decade . Peace Corps volunteer guilty of abusing children Also last year , a Connecticut man pleaded guilty to traveling to South Africa to engage in illicit sexual conduct with children while he was a Peace Corps volunteer there . At the time , Williams said , "  The Peace Corps has no tolerance for abuse of any kind , and our deepest sympathies are with all the victims involved . " He vowed that the Corps would ensure that the victims were properly cared for and treated . In congressional testimony in March 2011 , he said , "  While the Peace Corps can not eliminate every risk volunteers face during their service , I am committed to making sure that we do everything we can to protect volunteers and provide effective support to them and their families when a tragedy occurs . " Williams has worked with Congress to codify reforms and increase support to volunteers in the field , including hiring a victim advocate ; enhancing safety and security , as well as support and response for volunteers ; and improving training for volunteers and staff , the organization said . In a statement on Tuesday , President Barack Obama credited Williams with having helped "  in reforming and modernizing the agency . " Deputy Director Carrie Hessler-Radelet will serve as acting director upon his departure . In all , more than 9,000 volunteers serve in 75 host countries , according to the Peace Corps . Since its establishment in 1961 , more than 200,000 Americans have served . Ghanaian police : Peace Corps volunteer kills suspected robber	"  It is time ... to shift my focus to my family , " Williams says He leaves office September 17 His 3-year tenure was marked by efforts to ensure the safety of volunteers abroad
CNN  -- I 've seen the future and it 's amazing . What I 'm about to describe has to be seen to be believed . No more tiny monitors and jerky pictures . Telepresence is designed to capture the gestures and expressions of human communication . I 'd gone to the UK offices of Cisco to report on the latest innovation in the field of video conferencing , ` Telepresence ' . My expectations were n't high , but what I saw was so exciting that I bored friends , family and colleagues with talk of it for days afterwards . Imagine this -- a plush , soothingly lit and acoustically treated room containing what looks like an oval shaped meeting table and eight executive chairs . A man is seated on one side of the table and as I 'm ushered to a seat opposite he raises a hand in greeting and introduces himself . But as I adjust to my surroundings I begin to realize that all is not as it seems . The man on the opposite side of the table is in fact thousands of miles away in California . What I 'm sitting at is , in fact , half a table pressed against three high-definition plasma screens . What I 'm seeing is an optical illusion . The clever positioning of cameras and microphones coupled with the high quality image and sound , plus the fact that there is no delay whatsoever makes it utterly convincing . I can see the hands on his wristwatch and the whites of his eyes . And he is seeing the same quality image of me in his almost identical room on the other side of the world . The effect is so convincing that I constantly have to remind myself that we 're not in the same room . See the ` Telepresence ' system in action , and hear more about the potential positive impact it will have on business and the environment in this month 's CNN Business Traveller .	This month Business Traveller reports on the latest innovation in video conferencing Telepresence from Cisco creates lifelike , in-person teleconference experiences
CNN  -- Beijing hosted one of the most memorable Summer Olympics in recent history -- now the Chinese capital is hoping to welcome the world 's top Winter Games stars for the first time in a joint 2022 bid . The 2008 host , along with the northern city of Zhangjiakou , is vying with several European cities after having officially entered the bidding , according to the Chinese Olympic Committee  COC  . Beijing would stage the ice events , reports the country 's state-run news agency Xinhua , while snow-based competitions would take place in Zhangjiakou . "  The 2008 Olympics has left many legacies to Beijing , which includes experience and sufficient infrastructure , " Beijing Sports Bureau chief Li Yingchuan told Xinhua . "  Take the Capital Stadium as an example , it has about 10,000 seats . " Beijing hosted an International Skating Union competition earlier this month but would still require a new speed skating arena . There are plans to build an express railway line to cover the 174 km distance from Beijing to Zhangjiakou , which is in Hebei Province . It is estimated the journey time will be just 40 minutes , but Li is wary of the cost to the local environment . "  The government has already started to tackle the problem , " said Li . "  I believe in 10 years the situation will be much better . " China faces a fight to win the hosting rights , with Germany 's Munich , the Norwegian capital Oslo , Almaty in Kazahkstan , Poland 's Krakow , Ukraine 's Lviv and Sweden 's Oestersund all in the mix . There is also the fact that Pyeongchang of South Korea will host the 2018 Winter Games -- making it unlikely that another Asian country would succeed in 2022 . "  There is a rotation rule , though unwritten , in the bid . Since Pyeongchang won the 2018 bid , Beijing as another Asian city will face a daunting task to beat the odds , " Li said . "  I would say anything is possible . Even if Beijing loses this time , we will continue our efforts in the future . " A decision on which country will host the 2022 Games will be made in July 2015 by the International Olympic Committee . Japan is the only Asian country to have hosted the Winter Olympics , in Sapporo  1972  and Nagano  1998  .	China makes bid to host Winter Olympic Games in 2022 Beijing plans to stage Games along with city of Zhangjiakou Plans to build railway to link two venues unveiled Faces challenge from several other cities including Munich , Oslo and Krakow
CNN  -- Chadwick Boseman has every reason to feel good as "  Get On Up " opens in theaters . Reviews are strong for the Tate Taylor-directed James Brown biopic as a whole , but critics have been particularly pleased with Boseman , who 's managed to transform himself into the late Godfather of Soul . "  Whatever else one may fault about ` Get On Up , ' one thing that 's faultless is its star , Chadwick Boseman , who plays Brown from age 16 to 60 with a dexterity and invention worthy of his subject , " praised Variety . Entertainment Weekly , which thought "  Get On Up 's " PG-13 take is too sanitized , was quick to add that "  the best thing the movie has going for it is Chadwick Boseman 's live-wire channeling of Brown . " Such words are likely comforting for Boseman , who , after portraying baseball icon Jackie Robinson in 2013 's "  42 , " was hesitant to take on another biopic , let alone one for a man as seminal as James Brown . "  When I first saw the script , I was like , I 'm not even going to open it up and read it . There 's no way I 'm playing James Brown , " he told the "  Today " show , adding that he knew the work it would take to accurately portray The Hardest Working Man in Show Business . The CNN 10 : Chadwick Boseman , and nine more "  Fresh Faces " "  I had to do a lot of soul-searching before I took it on , " Boseman admitted to EW . "  Because to me , nobody should be playing James Brown . " According to The Hollywood Reporter , director Taylor , who had another summer hit in 2011 with "  The Help , " spent two months convincing 32-year-old Boseman to take the part . "  I realized that first and foremost , I had to find a brilliant actor , " Taylor told THR . "  It 's easy to gravitate toward the costumes and the dancing , but I just realized that somebody was going to have to play a 63-year-old , and that 's what I had him read for . So I just searched for an actor with skill , and Chadwick was the guy . " To a certain extent , telling Brown 's story was n't dissimilar to telling Jackie Robinson 's . In both instances , Boseman had to put in hours to effectively portray game-changing talent . Those dance moves you 've seen him do in the "  Get On Up " trailers ? The result of five-hour practice sessions five days a week , not to mention what he put in during his downtime . "  I was obsessed with it , " Boseman told "  Today . " The effort appears to have paid off as "  Get On Up " opens Friday , and some are already eyeing Oscar season . "  As much as I hate using the O word seven months before the Academy Awards , " said Time magazine critic Richard Corliss , who credited Boseman with "  carrying and lifting ` Get On Up ' to its most impressive heights , " "  I 'm obliged to predict an aisle seat for Boseman on Oscar night . "	Chadwick Boseman portrays James Brown in the biopic "  Get On Up " Critics are praising his performance At first the actor did n't want to take the role At least one critic raises the possibility of an Oscar nod
CNN  -- Spanish rider Alejandro Valverde won stage 17 of the Tour de France on Thursday , as Bradley Wiggins edged closer to Britain 's first overall victory in cycling 's premier race . With three stages remaining , Wiggins leads his Team Sky colleague Chris Froome by just over two minutes . Valverde finished 18 seconds ahead of Wiggins and Froome on the final stage in the Pyrenees , recording Team Movistar 's first win at this year 's Tour . The 32-year-old had a lead of 2:35 as the riders began the final 15-kilometer climb , but struggled to maintain his advantage as the two British riders closed in and finished just 19 seconds ahead . "  When I felt that Froome and Wiggins were approaching me on the final climb , I gave everything I could to resist their chase and , after 500 meters from the finish line , I started to tell myself that it was good , " Valverde told the Tour website after finishing first on the 143.5 km route between Bagneres-de-Luchon and Peyragudes . "  I 've had a lot of bad luck since the start of the Tour , and it was very difficult to manage . I fell three times in two days , and it was n't looking good , " said Valverde , referring to the crashes suffered by Team Movistar in the early stages of the race . "  I focused on a stage win . I really tried ; until now far it has n't worked but we had to keep fighting the bad luck . " Valverde 's best finish is sixth in 2007 , but he has only returned to cycling this year following a doping ban . "  This is a very special victory for me , " he said . "  I 'm back in the squad and I 'm winning again , like I did before . For two years I had to stop competing but I never stopped working . "  This is why I was on the podium in a world of my won , and I was not able to restrain my tears . " Wiggins has worn the yellow jersey for most of the three-week event and is now almost certain to become the first Briton to win the prestigious race following its final day in the mountains . "  It was the first time I allowed myself to think that I 've won the Tour . All the way up , the last bit my concentration had gone , " said Wiggins ahead of Friday 's leg from Blagnac to Brive-La-Gaillarde -- which will see the focus go back on the sprinters . "  The nature of the Tour is that people fall by the wayside as the race goes on . That 's the effect of the length of the race and how hard it is ; it 's the nature of the Tour de France . "  I said at the start in Liege that it 's about being good for 21 days and never really having any super days or any bad days . " Frenchman Thomas Voeckler looks set to be crowned "  King of the Mountains " after maintaining his lead in the best climber competition after the conclusion of the mountain stages . . The Tour continues Friday with a 222.5 km ride from Blagnac to Brive-la-Gaillarde .	Alejandro Valverde claims first stage win for Team Movistar Team Sky 's Bradley Wiggins nears first British Tour de France victory Wiggins leads teammate by over two minutes with three stages left Frenchman Voeckler closes on "  King of Mountain " title
CNN  -- Shah Rukh Khan , the Bollywood superstar , has become more than a little accustomed to being adored by millions . "  I do n't want to be anonymous ... I 'm very honest about that . I love being recognized , I love people liking me , I love the fact that people scream when I go out . I think I 'll miss all that when it 's taken away , " he told CNN . But earlier this year comments by Khan , the owner of the Indian Premier League cricket team Kolkata Knight Riders , caused a storm of controversy and attention he did n't want . Khan questioned the lack of Pakistani players in this year 's competition , and Indian Hindu nationalist party Shiv Sena interpreted the comments as inflammatory . Threats were made to boycott his latest film and some activists made some threats against him and his family 's safety . "  It just went onto a political agenda platform , onto an activist platform . I 'm not on the same playing field . I 'm an actor , I 'm not a politician , " he said . "  This was my point of view ... it was n't as if I was saying something new . I did n't know it would cause so much trouble , and especially when a film was releasing , you do n't want that kind of trouble . It just went completely through the roof . " Khan is keen to keep his roles as an actor , cricket team boss and icon for millions as far from the political realm as possible . His face is one of the most salable in India with his image used in a raft of adverts and supporting products . Yet his recent film "  My Name is Khan " did touch upon religious sensitivities , striking a chord among cinema goers in Muslim countries across the world . In the film Khan , himself a Muslim , plays an autistic Muslim immigrant in American soon after the terrorists attack on September 11 , 2001 . "  I really thought the film was about humanity . It 's not about Islam , it could have been about any religion to be honest , " he said . "  But I simply thought we made a film about humanity . I knew it would do well but I did n't know it would this well because it is a very niche sort of a subject . "	Bollywood superstar is also owner of Kolkata Knight Riders cricket team Comments over lack of Pakistani players in this year 's competition causes controversy Latest film , "  My Name is Khan " touches upon religious and social sensitivities
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- An American jailer was the target in the shooting deaths of three people with ties to the U.S. Consulate in Ciudad Juarez , Mexican officials said . The jailer , Arthur Redelfs , and his wife , Lesley Ann Enriquez , were killed in a drive-by shooting in Juarez earlier this month . Enriquez was an employee of the U.S. Consulate in that city . Jorge Alberto Salcido Ceniceros , 37 , the husband of a Mexican employee of the consulate , was also killed at around the same time as Redelfs and Enriquez . A suspect arrested in the case gave new details on the high-profile killings , Mexican federal authorities said in a statement late Tuesday . Ricardo Valles de la Rosa , a member of the Aztecas gang , was arrested Friday based on military intelligence , the statement said . According to federal officials , de la Rosa told interrogators that he was a lookout for the operation that killed the two Americans . He said he got to know many leaders of the Aztecas , a street gang affiliated with the Juarez cartel , while imprisoned in El Paso County , Texas . Although he was born in Juarez , de la Rosa lived in El Paso for 30 years . One of the Azteca leaders called and ordered him to find where consulate employees were having a children 's party and to follow the white sport utility vehicle belonging to Redelfs , a jail guard in El Paso , authorities said . The call came days in advance of the killings , the statement said . De la Rosa followed Redelfs ' vehicle down a Juarez avenue , until being told to fall back because the shooters had the vehicle in their sights , the statement said . A few moments later , de la Rosa heard shooting . According to federal authorities , de la Rosa drove by the scene and saw that in addition to Redelfs , his wife , who was four months pregnant , was also dead . An infant in the back seat was uninjured . De la Rosa also admitted to involvement in four other homicides involving members or rival gangs , authorities said . No additional arrests have been made in the case . De la Rosa remains imprisoned pending the outcome of the investigation . Ceniceros ' wife was not traveling with him , but two of their children in the car were wounded . His white SUV looked very similar to the one Redelfs drove .	Arthur Redelfs and wife , Lesley Ann Enriquez , killed in a drive-by shooting in Juarez Suspect arrested in case gives new details on high-profile killings of three people total Officials : Suspect said he was lookout for the operation that killed the two Americans
CNN  -- From "  Mississippi Masala " to "  Vanity Fair , " Mira Nair 's movies have entranced audiences in India and the West . CNN spoke to the director of "  Monsoon Wedding " and "  Salaam Bombay ! " at the Bollywood Movie Awards in Long Island about filmmaking in India and America and her adaptation of Jhumpa Lahiri 's novel about loss and family , "  The Namesake . " ... . Film director Mira Nair CNN : What inspired you to make "  The Namesake " ? Mira Nair : I happened to read "  The Namesake " on a plane in early 2004 , when I traveled from New York to Jo ` berg to finish the filming of "  Vanity Fair . " I read "  Namesake " while in huge grief with the death of a beloved person to me -LSB- Mira 's mother in law -RSB- . It was at that state of mourning that I picked up this novel , and in it Jhumpa writes really acutely of a loss of a parent in a foreign country , and I thought I had been understood by someone . It was also a story that linked the two cities in which I had grown up -- Calcutta and New York City -- and it was almost certainly the road that I had traveled . It just spoke to me and I felt compelled to do this film . A few months later we were shooting it . CNN : It 's filmed in both India and New York , such different cultures . Tell us about the universal themes involved during the film . Nair : Well , the story of movement and crossings is as old as the hills . It 's a tale of millions of us that have left one home for another , and tried to find out who we are through these places . Then when we have children , life gets more interesting . It is about growing up through our adult lives and our children 's lives . It is also equally a love story between two people who come from a culture who do n't send roses and diamonds for love ; who sit at a kitchen table and look at each other . It 's about that generation of parents who have that stillness about one another , versus the clang and hustle of young Gogol who is 15 and grows up in an American world because he wishes to be American . That flow -- that see-saw between parents and children , that 's what "  The Namesake " is about . CNN : Tell us about casting the role of Gogol . Nair : Well , Kal Penn plays Gogol and he 's known as a comic star , but I had no idea that he existed until my 15-year-old son said , "  This has to be your Gogol . " I did n't take him seriously at all until every night the campaign mounted at home : "  Tell me in the morning it 's Kal Penn ! " he would say . And then Kal wrote to me and told me he became an actor because he had seen "  Mississippi Masala " when he was eight years old and realized people on the screen could look like him , and other such seductive things . He came to my office and auditioned and he was just so appealing , and so much the real thing , that I cast him as Gogol . CNN : How have Indian audiences reacted to your heavily western-influenced films ? Nair : It 's not that different a kind of audience , that 's what pleases me . "  Salaam Bombay ! " we really made for the children on the streets and the kids who really love that Bollywood stuff , and also with "  Deeply Alternative , " which ran for 27 weeks . "  Monsoon Wedding " was also a big hit in India . But no , they do n't come to my films for Bollywood fare ; it 's a completely alternative thing . In terms of audiences on both sides , I 've been blessed : the films have been really well received and highly anticipated . CNN : "  The Namesake " was filmed in America and India . What differences were there in the two locations ? Nair : In India it is more about orchestrating chaos , and it 's about sifting the chaos , but I get especially excited about the throb and chaos on the streets and so on , and in America it 's about paying for the chaos , you know every head has to be placed there and paid for . CNN : "  The Namesake " is about not losing the identity of Indian culture . Was that a challenge ? Nair : I am at home in many cultures . I live actively in three continents and I 've done that for most of my life , so I just make films as I see the world , and that happens to speak to people . I do things that I want to do . It so happens because I am fluent in both worlds that my films enter both worlds , perhaps . CNN : Do Indian and American audiences behave differently ? Nair : No , not really . I think films have to reach people and really grab them . That 's what I hope to do when I make a film -- to get under your skin and really make you think about something , and have a transporting time that takes you somewhere . E-mail to a friend	Nair directed "  Monsoon Wedding , " "  Vanity Fair , " "  Salaam Bombay ! " Her film , "  The Namesake , " is based on Jhumpa Lahiri 's novel Nair cast character of "  Gogol " after teenage son 's recommendation Nair : Indian and American audiences "  not that different "
CNET  -- Its shape and feature set will be familiar to anyone who 's seen other Pavilion dv6000 series laptops , but the Special Edition HP Pavilion dv6985se stands out for two reasons . First , its upscale design includes an eye-catching , copper-colored lid and silver interior , both bearing a faint imprint that looks like etching . The other special feature : a 12-cell battery that provided one of the longest battery lives we 've seen in CNET Labs . Otherwise , the Pavilion dv6985se is a fairly typical mainstream laptop , with a decent feature set and strong performance . Of course , the features that make the Pavilion dv6985se special are also its downside . That extra battery does add weight , and the flashy design certainly is n't for everyone  though we happen to love it  . Users who want something more portable or more subdued should look to the Sony Vaio NR498 , which offers similar performance and features  but lacks multimedia controls  for a slightly lower price . Or you could scrap the 15-inch size entirely and go for a 14-inch model like the Gateway T-6836 or the Sony Vaio CR510 . The Pavilion dv6815se 's shape is essentially the same as the Pavilion dv6915nr we reviewed earlier this summer . The "  Special Edition " designation , however , warrants a spiffy new color scheme ; in the case of the Pavilion dv6985se , that means a shiny copper-colored lid and display bezel with a silver keyboard deck and keys . Both the lid and wrist-rest incorporate a subtle imprint design of narrow stripes that morph into organic shapes reminiscent of Art Nouveau ; the pattern even extends across the touch pad . The overall effect is very appealing -- certainly more expensive-looking than its actual price  more so when you factor in Best Buy currently offers it with a $ 100 discount  -- but also seems destined to look slightly dated by the time you graduate . The Pavilion dv6985se we reviewed differs from its siblings in one other significant way : the laptop includes a bulky 12-cell battery that raises the back of the system an inch and contributes to its hefty 6.6-pound weight .  With HP 's standard Pavilion battery , the system would weigh closer to 6 pounds -- but a smaller battery is n't an option on this fixed configuration . The extra juice will come in handy when cranking out term papers , but you probably wo n't enjoy carrying the laptop to the library . The 15.4-inch wide-screen display on the HP Pavilion dv6985se has a typical 1,280 x800 native resolution , which is standard for a screen this size . The screen 's glossy finish produces rich colors and contrast ; we found it minimally distracting while surfing the Web and typing e-mail but quite enjoyable for watching movies . A 1.3-megapixel Webcam above the display lets users conduct video chats . Typing was comfortable on the Pavilion dv6985se 's nearly full-size keyboard . The wide touch pad includes a scroll zone , and we love the on/off button above the pad , which is handy when you want to use an external mouse or just type without worrying about misplacing the cursor . Above the keyboard sits a row of light-touch controls to launch HP 's QuickPlay media player , control disc playback , and adjust volume . Perhaps to maintain the laptop 's polished aesthetic , HP left off the handy port labels found on the keyboard deck of nearly every other Pavilion laptop . The HP Pavilion dv6985se includes most of the ports and connections we 'd expect to see on a laptop of its size , though the Sony Vaio NR498 does manage to squeeze one more USB port into its similar footprint .  We have a feeling a USB port was jettisoned to make room for the HP Expansion Port , which lets you connect to an HP docking station . The HP also lacks Bluetooth , which is surprising given its otherwise upscale bent . We do like the Pavilion 's dual headphone jacks , which make it easy to share movies and music with friends . We 're less impressed with the Altec Lansing stereo speakers , which are loud and clear but produce too-treble sound . The retail-only Pavilion dv6985se comes in a single fixed configuration that includes a 2.0 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor -- part of Intel 's previous-generation Centrino platform and the standard for mainstream systems -- plus a generous 4GB of RAM . Paired with 64-bit Windows Vista , that 4GB of RAM gave the Pavilion dv6985se a notable boost on our Photoshop CS3 benchmark , where the first three spots among Back-to-School systems went to 64-bit-equipped laptops . Otherwise , the Pavilion dv6985se performed admirably on CNET Labs ' benchmarks , showing enough multitasking and processing oomph for all your scholarly pursuits  and diversions  . As mentioned above , the HP Pavilion dv6985se includes a massive 12-cell battery that adds significant weight to the system . But it just might be worth schlepping around : it ran for 5 hours and 17 minutes on CNET Labs ' video playback drain test . That 's one of the lengthiest battery scores we 've seen , and bests all our other mainstream Back-to-School systems , which featured six-cell batteries , by nearly 2 hours . Our video playback battery drain test is especially grueling , so you can expect even longer life from casual Web surfing and office use . HP backs the Pavilion dv6985se with an industry-standard one-year warranty . Toll-free telephone support is available 24-7 during your warranty period , and the HP support Web site includes real-time chat with a tech representative . If you want to troubleshoot problems yourself , you can search through the site 's thorough FAQ database . © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	The HP Pavilion dv6985se is a well-stocked mainstream laptop Unit 's 12-cell battery provides one of the longest battery lives we 've seen The bulky battery also contributes to the laptop 's size and hefty 6.6-pound weight Overall , the Pavilion dv6985se offers strong performance and decent features
CNN  -- Shahram Amiri -- a nuclear scientist Tehran claimed was kidnapped by U.S. agents -- told a state-run television station in Iran that he was abducted by U.S. intelligence officials and faced "  psychological warfare and pressure that are much worse than being in prison . " State-run Press TV said Wednesday that Amiri spoke in an interview after his escape , telling the channel , "  I think I will be unable to get into details during this limited period of time and I will postpone it to when I am hopefully in my dear country Iran , so I can speak to the media and my own people with ease of mind and tell them about my ordeal over the past 14 months . " Amiri has left the United States and is headed back to Iran , the country 's state-run media said Wednesday morning . "  Following the Islamic Republic 's efforts and with the effective cooperation of the embassy of Pakistan in Washington ... Shahram Amiri left the United States and will arrive in Tehran via a third country , " the news agency , IRNA , reported -- quoting a foreign ministry spokesman . Amiri , who is a researcher from Tehran 's Malek Ashtar University , mysteriously disappeared in June 2009 while on a religious pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia , according to Iranian media reports . On Monday , Amiri went to Iran 's Interest Section at the Pakistani Embassy in Washington and asked to be sent home . The Iranian government has accused the United States of involvement in Amiri 's disappearance , with Iran saying the researcher was taken to force him to give up data about Tehran 's nuclear program . In the Press TV interview , Amiri said he was kidnapped in Medina , Saudi Arabia , by three men in a van . "  Once I got into the van , the man who was inside said to me , ` Do n't make any noise . ' I was confused at the moment and had no idea what was happening , " Amiri said Wednesday . According to Amiri , he was later drugged and transported to the United States in a plane . "  I was under very special circumstances for 14 months in the United States . I was not completely free , nor was I like a prisoner , that is , in shackles as viewers might think , " Amiri added . "  I was in a completely unique situation which is very difficult to describe . " Press TV reported that Amiri was offered $ 10 million in bribes to cooperate with the United States . A top Iranian lawmaker recently claimed that newly found documents back up Tehran 's claims that the CIA is responsible for Amiri 's disappearance , Iranian media reported Sunday . Javad Jahangirzadeh , a member of Iranian parliament 's National Security and Foreign Policy Commission , said Iranian officials had turned over the documents to the Swiss ambassador in Tehran . The U.S. State Department has denied that charge . A U.S. official , who is not authorized to talk to the media about such issues , told CNN last month that it would be "  ludicrous , absurd and even preposterous " to claim an individual was kidnapped by the United States and held against his will . Last month , two videos surfaced on the Internet of a man claiming to Amiri , in which he said he had escaped from U.S. agents and was hiding in Virginia . That was the third time that videos allegedly showing Amiri had been circulated on the Internet . In one , he said he had been kidnapped by U.S. agents . Another contradicted that claim and said he was living freely and studying in Arizona . In one of the videos posted June 30 on YouTube and dated June 14 , the man again said that he was brought against his will to the United States and fears he will be discovered and re-arrested . "  I am Shahram Amiri , the son of the Islamic Republic of Iran , who with God 's help succeeded in running away from the U.S. security agents in the state of Virginia . I am -LSB- temporarily -RSB- at a safe place and I am trying to do this video but it is quite possible that I may shortly be again arrested by American security agents . " He went on to say : "  I am not free here and not allowed to contact my family or other people . If I face any problems or if I do not return to my country soon , the government of the U.S. would be directly responsible for it . " CNN could not independently verify the authenticity of the videos , nor the identity of the man in them . "  If he is who people think he is , the U.S. would be in contact with the person , " a CIA official said last month . And if he were being held against his will , "  how would he have been able to produce any of the videos ? " the official said . In the second video that surfaced June 30 and dated June 23 , the man claiming to be Amiri reassures his family about his well-being . "  I want to let my beloved family know that I am OK and they should not worry about my health , " he says . "  With God 's help I shall return to my beloved country in the next few days . I want them to be , as always , strong and patient and to pray for my safe return . I hope to see you in our beloved country . " Tehran blamed Washington for Amiri 's disappearance shortly after revelations surfaced that Iran has been building a second uranium enrichment facility near the city of Qom . After that , tensions over Iran 's nuclear program mounted . Iran claims its nuclear energy is solely for civilian purposes . But the United States has pushed the United Nations to punish Tehran for its nuclear ambitions . The Security Council recently slapped a fourth round of tough sanctions on the Islamic republic . It is unclear how much information Amiri was privy to in Iran . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	The Iranian scientist is en route to his homeland Shahram Amiri arrived at the Pakistani Embassy on Monday Iran claims U.S. kidnapped Amiri to force him to give up data about Iran 's nuclear program U.S. has denied charge but remains tight-lipped on whether Amiri defected
A top Nigerian military official believes he knows the whereabouts of girls kidnapped last month , but he says the nation 's military will not use force to try to rescue them , a state news report said Monday . "  We want our girls back . I can tell you that our military can and will do it , but where they are held , can we go there with force ? " asked Air Chief Marshal Alex Badeh . "  Nobody should say Nigerian military does not know what it is doing ; we ca n't kill our girls in the name of trying to get them back . " His comments were reported by the News Agency of Nigeria , a state-run news service . Badeh continued : "  The good news for the parents of the girls is that we know where they are , but we can not tell you . "  We can not come and tell you the military secret , just leave us alone , we are working to get the girls back , " he reportedly said . In response to the news , Pentagon spokesman Adm. John Kirby told CNN U.S. officials were not able to confirm the report . More than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped in northern Nigeria last month by Boko Haram , an act that drew international condemnation . The terror group abducted an estimated 276 girls on April 14 from a boarding school in Chibok . The Nigerian military suffered an embarrassing setback when it retracted a report that nearly all the kidnapped girls were released . Dozens escaped , but more than 200 girls are still missing . Nigerians and others have accused their government of not acting swiftly or efficiently enough to protect the girls seized in the dead of night . Boko Haram translates as "  Western education is a sin " in the Hausa language . The militant group says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Boko Haram 's attacks have intensified in recent years . Kidnapped girls : How you can help Girl : ` How I escaped Boko Haram ' Hagel : No ` solid evidence ' on whereabouts of Nigeria schoolgirls	The official says the Nigerian military will not use force to try to rescue the girls "  We ca n't kill our girls in the name of trying to get them back , " he reportedly says More than 200 schoolgirls were abducted in northern Nigeria last month by Boko Haram
CNN  -- For the 2013 MTV Europe Music Awards , Miley Cyrus was as attention-grabbing as ever . The 20-year-old singer , who was a two-time performer during Sunday 's ceremony in Amsterdam , Netherlands , lit what appeared to be a joint on stage during her acceptance speech for best video with "  Wrecking Ball . " Wearing a white leotard and a furry shrug , Cyrus carried a Chanel purse on stage with her as she accepted the award . Although her EMA would n't fit in the clutch , she did try to make a little more room by fishing out what looked like a spliff and then proceeded to smoke it . The puff was n't shown during the EMAs ' airing on MTV 's flagship channel , and Cyrus has been quiet about her action on Twitter . On Sunday night , she simply instructed her Twitter followers to "  Stay in school & Be kind . Other than that HAVE FUN . " Regardless , Cyrus ' smoking was a slightly more risque act during a relatively tame event , which featured performances from Snoop Dogg , Icona Pop , The Killers , Kings of Leon and Bruno Mars . Yet , given that this was an MTV event , the night would n't have been complete if it did n't include a little twerking . That came courtesy Cyrus , who , for the second time in three months , took the stage at an MTV awards ceremony to perform her hit "  We Ca n't Stop . " While some might 've been expecting something just as scandalous as her now-infamous set at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards , Cyrus went in a different direction . Instead of giant teddy bears , the 20-year-old singer was accompanied by alien figures dressed in head-to-toe black , and she herself wore a skintight , knee-length silver dress rather than a onesie . Cyrus also swapped her VMAs dancing partner , Robin Thicke , for a little person in a black latex catsuit . The twerking stayed more or less the same and was completely absent from her later performance of "  Wrecking Ball . " Cyrus was clearly one of the night 's big draws -- she even came out first , ahead of the night 's MC , LMFAO 's Redfoo -- but she did n't lay claim to the entire show . Thicke followed Cyrus with a rendition of "  Blurred Lines " that had a cameo from Australian rapper Iggy Azalea , and the night 's best female award winner Katy Perry soon followed with a performance of "  Unconditionally " that found her suspended in the air . Like the singers who went before her , Perry fully embraced the night 's theme of an "  out of this world " space party , ending her performance in a glowing silver bodysuit . Throughout the event , held at Amsterdam 's Ziggo Dome , awards were handed out in obligatory categories such as best pop , rock and alternative , as well as EMAs-specific honors such as top worldwide act and world stage . Eminem , one of the EMAs ' top nominees , took home the award for best hip-hop act , and was also named the global icon of the year . In between awards and performances , Will Ferrell 's Ron Burgundy made some comedic appearances , showing just how much can go wrong when his overly confident newscaster character is unleashed in the Netherlands . This year 's show marked the EMAs 20th anniversary .	The 2013 MTV EMAs celebrated its 20th anniversary Sunday Miley Cyrus , Robin Thicke and more performed During an acceptance speech , Cyrus appeared to smoke a joint That part of the show was n't shown on MTV 's flagship channel
El Paso , Texas  CNN  -- A brigade of U.S. troops originally scheduled to be among the very last to leave Iraq is being pulled out of the country months ahead of its planned departure , military officials said Saturday . The announcement follows news this month that a deal to keep American troops in Iraq past a December 31 , 2011 , deadline to withdraw was on shaky ground after Iraqi leadership said any remaining U.S. forces would not be granted immunity from Iraqi prosecution . Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and other top brass have repeatedly said any deal to keep U.S. troops in Iraq beyond the withdrawal deadline must require a guarantee of legal protection for American soldiers . The Fourth Brigade Combat Team , First Armored Division , based at Fort Bliss , deployed to Iraq in August to replace two withdrawing brigades . The troops were sent with the understanding they would be among the last to leave the country and were told to expect up to a 12-month deployment , though it was n't clear how long they would stay in Iraq . But brigade officials informed hundreds of military families gathered Saturday at its headquarters that their troops would begin returning home within weeks . When family members inquired why soldiers were returning early , they were told by a military official : "  Basically , what 's happened ... is that the United States and Iraq have not come to an agreement , " according to a CNN reporter who attended the meeting . Additionally , the brigade official told families : "  We were over there for a couple of missions . Those missions are finished . " A U.S. military official in Iraq , speaking on condition of anonymity , confirmed to CNN Saturday the early withdrawal of this brigade , citing a number of possible reasons , including the lack of a deal on the legal immunity issue and the fact that the State Department is "  standing up " its operations faster than expected . When the United States and Iraq agreed in 2008 to a withdrawal deadline , the two countries also signed off on a Strategic Framework Agreement that calls for a long-term bilateral relationship . As part of that agreement , the State Department is deploying thousands of workers to Iraq to take over where military officials leave off in their dealings with the Iraqi government . U.S. officials in Washington on Saturday declined to comment on reports that troops were being withdrawn ahead of schedule or because of a breakdown in negotiations , except to say the United States is committed to withdrawing all troops by the December 31 deadline . "  At the same time we 're building a comprehensive partnership with Iraq under the Strategic Framework Agreement including a robust security relationship , and discussions with the Iraqis about the nature of that relationship are ongoing , " said Tommy Vietor of the National Security Council . Pentagon spokesman George Little also dismissed reports of a breakdown in talks with Iraqis , saying "  Suggestions that a final decision has been reached about our training relationship with the Iraqi government are wrong . Those discussions are ongoing . " Officials at Fort Bliss said the brigade 's return is in line with the U.S. planned departure . "  In the process , we are bringing troops back home to meet the December 31st agreed-upon deadline , " said Lt. Col. Dennis Swanson , a public affairs officer for the First Armored Division . When asked about the legal immunity issue , Major Gen. Dana J. H. Pittard , commander at Fort Bliss , said , "  We 're going to do what 's right by our soldiers . " "  We should n't see American soldiers in Iraqi courts on trumped-up charges , " he said . His comments echo recent statements by Panetta and U.S. Army Chief of Staff Raymond Odierno . Panetta said last week that negotiations over the legal immunity issue are ongoing between Iraq 's political leadership , U.S. Ambassador James F. Jeffrey and Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III , commander of U.S. forces in Iraq . The meetings include discussions about the rights of American troops and what will be required in order for those troops to assist Iraqi forces in the future , according to Panetta . "  If you 're going to play a large role in dealing with another country where it requires , as I said , a large group of troops to be on the ground and to be dealing with that country , I want to make damn sure that you 're protected , " Panetta told sailors last Friday during a visit to Naples , Italy , home of the U.S. 6th Fleet . U.S. officials have been pressuring Iraq 's leadership for months for an answer to whether it would request a troop extension , with former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen saying over the summer that the U.S. needed a a decision by August . The negotiations have been strained following WikiLeaks ' release of a diplomatic cable that alleged Iraqi civilians , including children , were killed in a 2006 raid by American troops rather than in an airstrike as initially reported by the U.S. military . The Pentagon dismissed the cable from U.N. investigator Philip Alston to U.S. officials , saying it had investigated the claims and found there was no merit . Shortly after the WikiLeaks cable gained attention in news reports in September by McClatchy Newspapers , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki ordered an investigation into the deaths outside of Tikrit . U.S. officials have long said they believe Iraq may need help with training , counterterrorism , air defense , command and control and intelligence operations . Any U.S. troops remaining to do those jobs might also need additional security forces . The prospect of U.S. troops staying beyond the end of the year sits uncomfortably with many Iraqis , who have routinely questioned American motives following the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein . Radical anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , whose Sadrist political party is closely aligned with al-Maliki , has vowed to escalate armed resistance if the U.S. military does not leave as scheduled , a move that could destabilize the country should his militia repeat the bloody battles it waged against American and Iraqi forces during the height of violence . Odierno said last month that there would be risks in leaving a large force of U.S. troops in Iraq , noting such a force could provoke new claims of U.S. occupation and distract from efforts to develop the Iraqi military 's abilities . He would not comment directly on reports that the White House administration had decided to leave between 3,000 and 5,000 troops , should they be requested by Iraq . Odierno , who served as the top U.S. commander in Iraq , said that training of Iraqi security forces was not complete . "  We need to probably be there to assist them at certain levels for a while , " he said last month in a question-and-answer session with journalists at the Pentagon . As of last week , 41,000 U.S. military personnel remained in the country , according to Major Gen. Jeffrey Buchanan , spokesman for U.S. Forces-Iraq . Buchanan said Wednesday that "  we are on track , and we will meet our requirement to redeploy the last remaining military personnel from 41,000 down to zero by the end of the year . " A brigade typically consists of between 3,000 and 5,000 soldiers . CNN 's Dan Lothian and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	The brigade was originally scheduled to be among the last to leave Iraq at the end of 2011 The move comes amid talks on legal immunity for U.S. troops after withdrawal deadline "  The United States and Iraq have not come to an agreement , " says one brigade official A Pentagon spokesman says talks are still ongoing
N'Djamena , Chad  CNN  -- After spending years of working in neighboring Libya , the last place Daoud Mohammed wants to be right now is back to his home in Chad , the landlocked country in central Africa . With no work and few opportunities , he is worried about his and his family 's future in Chad 's capital N'Djamena . "  To survive I had to be away -- though my family was here in Chad -- because there is nothing for me to do here , " says Mohammed . He is one of the tens of thousands of Chadians who fled last year 's fighting in Libya and are now back in their homeland . "  I do n't have any skills , I do n't have any qualifications and the rainy seasons here do n't come often enough , so we ca n't cultivate , " adds Mohammed , who used to work on construction sites in Libya . Like Mohammed , around 300,000 Chadians made their living in Libya , often filling a gap at the lower end of the labor market , working in oil fields and construction sites . Read more : The Africans looking to make it in China Many of them would send money back home to their families , providing a lifeline for a country where the majority live on less than $ 2 a day . The remittances helped kick-start Chad 's otherwise largely stagnant economy but this was brought to a halt last year after the revolution against Moammar Gadhafi 's autocratic rule also forced thousands of Chadians out of the country . The world focused on the uprising and the war in Libya , but from the onset other Africans were targeted . Mohammed says a group of armed revolutionaries stormed his compound in Benghazi , accusing some 300 Chadian workers of supporting Gafdhafi . "  I do n't know why they attacked me . I am just a laborer and I do n't care about politics or governments , I just do n't know why they did this to me , " says Mohammed . Fellow Chadian Tidjani Ali Mohamed , who worked as a skilled plasterer in Libya , says he spent months in a Tripoli prison where Africans from many other countries were also held . "  They forced me to confess that I worked with Gadhafi . But since I did not work with Gadhafi I just kept saying that I did n't so they just kept on beating me , " he says . "  It was constant suffering -- they treated me so badly , they beat me all the time and I did n't know if I would die today or tomorrow . " The International Organization for Migration  IOM  negotiated with the Transitional Council in Libya to get the Chadians and other Africans out in a highly sensitive evacuation operation . In the end , they brought some 90,000 people back to Chad . See more : Is narcotic khat funding terrorism ? Though foreigners did play some part in fighting as mercenaries for Gadhafi during the bloody Libyan war , the IOM and local leaders in Chad say the vast majority of Chadians , like Mohammed , were working to send remittances home . "  Libya was always a rich country , they have lots of oil , and therefore there are work opportunities , " says local leader Sultan Al Sadiq Al Bashir . "  Whoever goes there , even without education , will find something to do . Being a laborer , or working in agriculture , or in construction , there are always opportunities over there . " Chadian economist and former finance minister Ali Abderahman Hagar says the return of the migrant workers has had a deep impact on the country 's economy . "  We welcomed 100,000 people who contributed to Libya 's development but returned empty-handed , " says Hagar , who now runs the Graduate School of Finance in Chad . "  It is difficult to feed one person here in Chad , so to feed 100,000 more without having planned for them is dramatic , " he adds . "  We have n't received enough support from international states , we have in some way become victims of the war in Libya , even if a few Chadians are in mourning of Gadhafi 's death . " Like Libya , Chad has significant oil reserves . The resource was supposed to be the savior of the country 's economy but people say they 've yet to reap any rewards from it . "  For 10 years we have seen no benefit from the oil , nothing at all , " says Al Bashir . "  People are still poor , people need a lot of things , and the oil is not doing anything for the people . " Opinion : Can Kenya avoid Africa 's resource curse ? Chad , which has been ruled by Idriss Deby since 1990 , has been ranked by Transparency International as one of the most corrupt countries in the world . Its industrial output is also minimal , while its agricultural sector has been hit by successive droughts . Despite some recent reforms , state safety nets are almost non-existent , leaving returning migrants to fend for themselves . Thrown out of Libya and with few opportunities at home in Chad , many of them now believe they 've become a burden on the people they once supported . "  Now we have to beg for food and the local community gives us some food and that 's how we survive -- we have nothing else , " says Mohammed .	Chad 's economy has been badly hit by last year 's conflict in neighboring Libya Thousands of Chadians lived in Libya and sent remittances back to their families Some 90,000 people returned to Chad after the revolution against Gadhafi 's regime Many of their families no longer have a regular source of income
CNN  -- Nanci Griffith wanted to look on the bright side . Nanci Griffith , who says she 's "  fed up with negativity , " was revitalized by the election of Barack Obama . And who could blame her ? In the past decade , Griffith -- perhaps best known for her Grammy-winning 1993 album , "  Other Voices , Other Rooms " -- had faced a political climate she did n't agree with , as well as recovery from thyroid and breast cancer , which she was diagnosed with in the late '90s . Songwriting had become a struggle for the singer with the gentle , crystalline voice . "  It was ... horrific , " she said simply . However , with her latest album , "  The Loving Kind "  Rounder  , Griffith is as focused and passionate as she has been in years . Sparked by the changes in her life and American politics , she said , music has been vital to her personal resurgence . "  It was nice to focus on things outside of my body . Music has always done that for me , " she said . Describing herself as someone who was "  fed up with negativity , " Griffith was equally inspired by her fellow countrymen . " -LSB- The -RSB- American people will not let this country collapse , " she said . The idea motivated her to look at her country 's dark path of injustice not so long ago , stories that worked their way into her songwriting . "  In some ways , I 'm just a journalist . I -LSB- want -RSB- my audience to hear these stories , " she said . CNN spoke with Griffith from her home in Nashville , Tennessee . CNN : Being a folk singer and your views being what they are , was it tougher or maybe easier to write songs from 2000 to 2008 ? Nanci Griffith : It was very difficult for me . I was hurt by the direction my country was going in . And then , after -LSB- the 2008 election -RSB- , everything came spilling out . Things came along like the Mildred and Richard Loving case  "  The Loving Kind "  , where Mildred died , and I read her obituary . -LSB- The Lovings were a couple whose interracial marriage was against the law in Virginia at the time . -RSB- That was such an inspiration . ... Just wondering why I never knew about this and how important that case is currently with equality in marriage . Little things . Bit by bit , my heart started to open up again , and I could write ! CNN : Had you ever gone through that before ? Griffith : No , never in my life . I 've always been a very prolific writer . CNN : Now , what about writing in the age of Obama ? Griffith :  laughs  It feels great ! People may be down on their luck , financially . But I see so much optimism about the direction of the country and -LSB- general -RSB- openness . CNN : Now , in addition to "  The Loving Kind , " there are other songs based on actual events on this record . Tell me about "  Not Innocent Enough . " Griffith : That 's based on Philip Workman 's case in Memphis -LSB- Tennessee -RSB- . He was robbing a Wendy 's -- was a heroin addict -- and police came in , and an officer was killed . Now , Workman did n't kill him ; it was friendly fire . Workman was convicted anyway and executed . I 'm a total abolitionist when it comes to the death penalty , but this case really stunned me , because I feel like this country has evolved enough to where we should n't have to live with the death penalty . CNN : Is it hard as a writer/musician to inhabit those songs , knowing that they are actual events ? Griffith : Not really . I feel like , in some ways , I 'm just a journalist . I do n't express my opinion -LSB- in the songs -RSB- , necessarily . But it 's important to me that my audience hear these stories . I want as many people to know about Loving v. Virginia as possible . CNN : Do you feel like it 's a more palatable way to become aware of a story like that when a song is attached to it ? Griffith : I do . I 've been informed many times through music . Pete Seeger , Odetta , Dave Van Ronk , Bruce Springsteen ... so many folk songwriters . It 's all around you . CNN : The song "  Still Life " -- I suspect that 's about President George W. Bush ? Griffith : It 's about people like him . This country is full of them , and especially my home state of Texas . It 's a -LSB- perspective on -RSB- people who go through life getting away with everything . CNN : Do you feel a sense of vindication with President Obama 's election , or at least a sense that things are moving in a direction you 're in favor of ? Griffith : I hope so . Right now , he is my hero . So is his wife . CNN : What in your past steered you into a topical songwriter ? Griffith : I was always more interested in story songs , things with a point of view ... and things that informed me . CNN : Is there a different process of writing those topical songs versus a song like "  Up Against the Rain , " which is clearly more personal ? Griffith : There is a burden to writing -LSB- those topical songs -RSB- : You better have your facts straight . When you 're writing a personal song like "  Rain , " it 's straight from your heart and seems to just flow . CNN : "  Sing " seems like it would fit that description . Does that song sum up your life in a way ? Griffith : Many have asked that , but I was actually inspired to write that by watching an interview with Shania Twain where she said it would not have mattered if she remained a lounge act for her whole career . It 's not something you choose . It 's just what you do .	Nanci Griffith 's new album is "  The Loving Kind " Grammy-winning singer with crystalline voice had long dry stretch in ' 00s Election of Obama , better health has her in upbeat mood
Rome  CNN  -- In front of rapt crowds , Pope Benedict XVI spoke of moments of struggle as well as joy Wednesday during his final public address from a stage set up in St. Peter 's Square . In an unusually personal message , he said there had been "  many days of sunshine " but also "  times when the water was rough ... and the Lord seemed to sleep . " Interactive : Where does the pope live ? But even as the church passes through stormy seas , God will "  not let her sink , " he added , in what was his final general audience before he steps down Thursday evening . Those words will be seen by many as a comment on the series of child sex abuse scandals and corruption claims that have rocked the Roman Catholic Church in the course of his pontificate . Benedict recounted how when he was asked to be pope eight years ago , he had prayed for God 's guidance and had felt his presence "  every day " since . "  It was a part of the journey of the church that has had moments of joy and light , but also moments that were not easy , " he said . Vatican reveals Pope Benedict 's new title ` Tough choices ' Dressed all in white and looking serene , the pope used his last general audience to call for a renewal of faith and speak of his own spiritual journey through eight years as leader of the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics . Benedict thanked the cardinals , the clergy in Rome , Vatican officials and priests worldwide for their work , as well as their congregations , saying "  the heart of a pope extends to the whole world . " Knowing his strength was fading , he had taken the step of resignation well aware of its gravity and novelty , but also "  with a deep peace of mind , " he said . "  Loving the church also means having the courage to make tough choices , " he said , as he called on the faithful to pray for him and the new pope . Benedict gave an insight into the life of the pontiff , describing it as without any kind of privacy , with his time devoted entirely to the church -- perhaps particularly difficult for a man known for his love of scholarship . His life in retirement will be "  simply a return to the private place . My decision is to forgo the exercise of active ministry , not revoke it . In order to return to private life , not to a life of travel , meetings , receptions , conferences and so on , " he said . As he finished , cheers erupted from the tens of thousands gathered in the square -- acknowledged by Benedict with an open-armed embrace . ` Support and love ' Vatican officials said 50,000 tickets had been handed out for Benedict 's last general audience -- but authorities said they had prepared for as many as 200,000 people to show up to witness the historic moment in person . The pope in retirement : What to expect Benedict , who spoke first in Italian , also gave greetings in French , German and English , among other languages , reflecting the church 's global reach . CNN iReporter Joel Camaya , a priest from the Philippines who is studying in Rome , said it was very moving to be among those gathered in the huge plaza . Waves of applause rose up to meet Benedict , especially when he addressed the pilgrims in different languages . "  I really felt all the support and all the love , the prayers , from those who were present , " he said . After the pope left , people 's mood was festive , with many chatting or singing , Camaya said , but at the same time nostalgic because it 's the last time they will hear Benedict speak . "  Especially for people who have got used coming here for the audience and for the  Sunday  Angelus , it 's something to be missed , " he said . Those lucky enough to have tickets for the final audience listened from seats in front of St. Peter 's Basilica . Among them were many of the Roman Catholic Church 's senior clergy . Others packed around the edges of the square and surrounding side streets , hoping to catch a glimpse of the pontiff . Among the crowds were groups of pilgrims who had traveled to Rome for the special occasion , as well as local residents and curious visitors keen to share in the moment . Opinion : Benedict a pope aware of his flaws Benedict arrived and left in his Popemobile , allowing him to pass close by many people in St. Peter 's Square . Standing in the glass-topped vehicle , flanked by security , he waved as he slowly made his way along pathways through the crowds . Some waved flags and banners as they stood under cold but clear skies . Normally in winter , the pope would give his weekly Wednesday general audience inside a hall within Vatican City , but the event was moved outside because of the anticipated huge crowds . Pontiff emeritus The pope did n't give the usual brief personal greetings to people afterward , but was to meet with delegations of heads of state in Vatican City . Benedict , who stunned the world 's Catholics when he announced his resignation just over two weeks ago , will leave office at 8 p.m. local time Thursday . At that point , a transition period will begin , as around 115 cardinals gather in Rome to pick a successor in a secretive election known as a conclave . The Vatican has been rewriting the rules to cope with an almost unprecedented situation -- Benedict is the first pope to resign in nearly 600 years . He will meet with the cardinals Wednesday and Thursday , before being flown by helicopter to the papal summer residence at Castel Gandolfo . Pope to resign : Your thoughts There , from a balcony , he will greet crowds one last time before his resignation takes effect and the Swiss Guards , who by tradition protect the pope , ceremonially leave the residence 's gate . More details were given Tuesday of how the 85-year-old 's life in retirement will play out . He will keep the papal title Benedict XVI , rather than reverting to the name Joseph Ratzinger , and will be referred to as "  his holiness , " said the Rev. Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman . He will also go by the title his holiness "  pontiff emeritus " or "  pope emeritus . " Interference fears Living out of the public eye in a small monastery within Vatican City , Benedict will wear a simple white robe , without the papal red cape , and will swap his red shoes for brown ones . He is expected to devote his time to prayer and study . Catholic author Michael Walsh told CNN he was unsurprised by Benedict 's desire for more privacy . "  He 's a rather private man . He wants to get back to his books and his cats , he wants to get back to prayer , " he said . "  He 's obviously coming towards the end of his life -- he 's 85 -- so I understand that . " But , Walsh added , "  what I do n't understand is that he says he wants to be part of it all , which could be disastrous if you take it at face value , " referring to Benedict 's promise not to abandon the church . "  The notion that you have two people that claim to be pope , in a sense , is really going to be very confusing , " Walsh said . Vatican officials have said they do n't anticipate any interference from Benedict as a new pope takes office . However , his influence will be felt in as much as he appointed 67 of the cardinals who will enter the conclave . Whoever his successor may be will have plenty on his plate , from allegations swirling in the Italian media that gay clergy may have made themselves vulnerable to blackmail by male prostitutes -- a claim forcefully denied by the Vatican -- to the festering issue of the church 's handling of child abuse by priests . Scandal flared again over the weekend , as Scotland 's Roman Catholic archbishop was accused in a UK newspaper report of "  inappropriate behavior " with priests . Cardinal Keith O'Brien , who contests the allegations , resigned Monday and said he would not attend the conclave . The Most Rev. Philip Tartaglia , archbishop of Glasgow , will take his place until a new archbishop is appointed , the Vatican said Wednesday . "  These are painful and distressing times , " Tartaglia is quoted as saying . The Vatican said Monday that a report by three cardinals into leaks of secret Vatican documents , ordered by Benedict last year and seen only by him , would be passed on to the new pontiff . Opinion : How next pope must tackle child sex abuse Cardinals ' conclave Meanwhile , the cardinals who must elect the new pope are already gathering in Rome , Lombardi said . The dean cardinal will on Friday summon the cardinals to a general congregation , Lombardi said . That could come as soon as Monday , although the date is not yet fixed . The cardinal-electors will then decide exactly when to hold the conclave , during which they will select a peer via paper ballot . The voting process will end when only when one cardinal gains two-thirds support . After his resignation , Benedict , who cited the frailty of age as the reason he resigned , will no longer use the Fisherman 's Ring , the symbol of the pope , Lombardi said . The ring will be destroyed , along with Benedict 's papal seal , after his departure from office . Smoke signals : How is a new pope elected ? CNN 's Barbie Latza Nadeau reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . Vatican correspondent John Allen and Sarah Brown contributed to this report .	Benedict XVI says there were "  times when the Lord seemed to sleep " in past 8 years Benedict : The Roman Catholic Church has been through stormy waters , but God wo n't let it sink " I really felt all the support and all the love , the prayers , " says a priest in the crowd He is to leave office at 8 p.m. Thursday for a life of seclusion and prayer
CNN  -- Wher woud some of us bea withoot spell check ? The sometimes annoying , but frankly indispensable computer aid has spared billions of typographical blushes . Now , an ingenious prototype pen developed by a German start-up is promising to give our longhand writing a similar sort of safety net . Lernstift  German for "  learning pen "  is a digital pen with a difference , carrying not only ink inside its casing but also a tiny computer that alerts users to spelling errors . Daniel Kaesmacher , co-founder of Lernstift told CNN : "  Basically there are two functions . The calligraphy mode which helps you correct individual letters , and the orthography mode which vibrates when a word is misspelled . " The AAA battery-powered Linux computer includes a vibration module and a patent pending non-optical motion sensor which recognizes specific movements and shapes of letters and words . The pen employs a menagerie of sensors , including a gyroscope  for measuring orientation  , accelerometer  for calculating propulsion  and magnetometer  a device that measures the strength and direction of magnetic fields  -- all to calculate the pen 's 3-D movements . Interactive : The future of 3D printing Lernstift recognizes all writing movements , the company says , written on paper or in the air and built-in Wi-Fi allows scribblers to connect with smartphones , computers or other pens in a network . The pen was invented by software developer and Lernstift founder Falk Wolsky after seeing his wife 's frustrations at watching their son struggle with his homework . Why ca n't pens give instant feedback on mistakes ? she asked . His imagination fired , Wolsky set about constructing a prototype before assembling a team of hardware and software experts late last year . "  We are at the stage where the individual components do their job . We have n't put it together yet , but the response to the idea though has been overwhelming , " Kaesmacher said . The pen has been designed primarily as an educational tool and the Munich-based company are hopeful that dyslexic children will find the new pen particularly useful . Greg Brooks , Professor Emeritus of Education at the UK 's University of Sheffield gave the pen a cautious welcome . "  It 's a neat idea in principle , but as ever the proof will be in the using of it , " Brooks said via email . "  Will it learn individuals ' quirks of handwriting , or insist on one style ? I can see how it might be programmed to spot obvious spelling errors  non-words  , just as the spellcheckers in word processors do -- but none of those can yet cope with real-word errors . " A Kickstarter campaign recently got underway looking to raise # 120,000  $ 180,000  and tests in schools will begin later this year . The first pens will initially recognize only English and German spellings , but other languages will follow , says Kaesmacher . "  Learning your native language is one thing , but it 's also the perfect tool to adapt for foreign language students , " he says . "  From a cultural point of view , the pen is a wonderful bridge between cursive and technological worlds . " Eventually , the company plan to offer pencil , fountain and ballpoint pen options with a launch price between $ 120-150  $ 160-200  falling to under $ 50  $ 60  depending on how fast the company grows .	Prototype ink pen vibrates when users make mistakes writing letters and words Lernstift  German for "  learning pen "  created by Munich-based start-up Pen has computer inside casing with motion sensor which spots spelling mistakes Kickstarter campaign launched to help development and production
CNN Student News  -- April 18 , 2014 This Friday , we show you how the town of West , Texas is rebuilding , one year after an enormous explosion claimed lives and homes . We also explore how the use of an illegal drug is more dangerous in some communities than crime and car accidents . And we take viewers from the ocean depths in a submarine to skyscraper heights in a convertible . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Do you think that reporter demonstrations from unique vehicles  like submarines or aircraft  add value to a newscast ? If so , to what extent ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What is the name of the deadly hemorrhagic fever that has broken out in the West African nation of Guinea ? 2 . What sport 's professional championship is awarded a trophy named for Lord Frederick Arthur Stanley ? 3 . During what kind of event is the moon in Earth 's umbra ? 4 . What city 's annual marathon was the scene of a terrorist bombing one year ago ? 5 . What country is seeing dramatic protests as its people are divided over alliance with Russia or Western Europe ? 6 . What is the name of the form that the U.S. government requires students to fill out if they are seeking federal financial aid for college ? 7 . Who became the first African-American to play in baseball 's Major Leagues ? 8 . What institution , based in Washington , D.C. , is the world 's largest museum and research complex ? 9 . At the top of what building , once the world 's tallest , did the Ford Motor Company stage a display to promote one of its new cars ? 10 . What organization announced a proposal to expand meal programs for Division I college athletes ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- A Dutch football club is facing criticism for playing in the United Arab Emirates , despite being told its Israeli defender would not be allowed in the country . Vitesse Arnhem , second in the Dutch league , is in Abu Dhabi for training and matches with two German teams during its mid-season break . The team 's spokeswoman Esther Bal says the team was told just one day before the trip that defender Dan Mori could not enter the UAE . Like most Arab countries , the UAE does not recognize Israel , and its immigration policies stipulate that Israeli citizens will be refused admission . Still , Bal says planning for the trip began about six weeks ago and the team had been assured on the phone repeatedly that the 25-year-old Mori would be allowed to enter because he was an athlete . No officials in the UAE could be reached for immediate comment . Esther Voet , director of the Center for Information and Documentation on Israel , told CNN "  Vitesse should have had the team spirit not to go without Mori . " Over the weekend , two Dutch politicians also criticized the team for travelling to the UAE . Geert Wilders , leader of the rightist Party for Freedom , called the team "  cowardly " on his Twitter account . "  Vitesse did not have to go to the UAE to protest the refusal to let Mori in . " However , Bal told CNN , "  We 're a football club . We want to stay away from politics , " adding that Mori himself , encouraged Vitesse to go ahead without him , "  putting the team 's interests first . " According to Bal , Vitesse was unable to pull out of the trip as would have affected the other teams . "  We were under pressure . We had obligations with the teams we 're playing , " said Bal . Vitesse is playing German Bundesliga clubs Wolsfburg and Hamburg this week , before heading back to The Netherlands on Saturday . On its return , Bal says the team will contact world governing body FIFA to evaluate the situation . This is not the first time the UAE has come under pressure for stopping Israeli athletes from entering . Last year , the English Premier League team , Swansea City , was told its Israeli player , Itay Shechter , could not go to Dubai for training . The club considered canceling their mid-season camp . Israeli athletes have been allowed to attend international sporting events in the region , however . In October , Israeli contestants participated in the Swimming World Cup in Qatar , but images of the Israeli flag were omitted from parts of the competition . In 2009 , Shahar Peer was denied entry into the UAE for the Dubai Tennis Championship , but played in subsequent tournaments .	Vitesse Arnhem under pressure after its Israeli defender was not allowed entry to the UAE Dutch club was told just a day before travelling to UAE that Dan Mori could not enter UAE does not recognize Israel Dutch club says it "  had obligations " to the teams they were playing
CNN  -- In January , Carol Highsmith , 68 , began a journey of threes . She had three milestones of 50 that she planned to reach by following three simple rules : At 175 pounds , the 5-foot-1 Highsmith was at her heaviest weight . She vowed to lose 50 pounds so she could fit into a 50-year-old dress from high school . Determined to stun all her old classmates , Highsmith saw her invitation to Minnehaha Academy 's 50th reunion as the catalyst to spark a lifestyle change . Voted "  Most Mischievous " by her classmates in 1964 , the Takoma Park , Maryland , resident was determined to reclaim some of her youth . "  I wanted to go back -LSB- to high school -RSB- as I left , " she says . "  Still having fun in life ... looking slim and feeling as good as I did back then . " Looking back , Highsmith would never have predicted she 'd have weight problems . "  If I had seen a photo of myself as I look right now ... I would have died of embarrassment ! " But though she was thin , her eating habits were far from healthy . "  In my teens , I would go on all sorts of diets -- one time all I ate was hot dogs -- to make sure I fit into all my pretty dresses . " Once she started her career , those bad choices began to take their toll . She started to travel a lot and it became easy to eat what she calls "  road food " frequently . "  I remember my first bite of a Krispy Kreme donut . It was heaven ! I wanted more and many . One time I did a photo shoot at a Krispy Kreme place and they gave us two dozen donuts . I ate five in one sitting . " Her poor eating habits caused her health to slowly deteriorate -- both mentally and physically . She began to feel so self-conscious about her body that she only wore polyester pants and would never tuck her shirt in for fear of showing just how much weight she had gained . When she received news of her upcoming reunion , Highsmith vowed to follow what she called the "  WWW Plan " so that she could wear her favorite high school dress again . Her first step was watching what she ate . She tried to eat only 1,300 calories per day of almost entirely unprocessed foods . Step two was walking . She purchased a step tracker and made sure to log 10,000 to 25,000 steps per day , even if that required her to walk the halls and stairs of her hotel late at night . The last step was drinking lots of water . She began to drink five to six bottles a day to ensure she was staying hydrated in the midst of all of her walking . Complicating her mission , Highsmith knew she was going to be on the road during the months leading up to the reunion , working on a photography project for the Library of Congress , capturing photos of 21st century America for the Prints and Photographs Archive . She would also be staying busy with her This is America ! Foundation , which she founded to capture and catalog hundreds of thousands of photos of "  slices of American life threatened by technological change , rampant development and widespread cultural homogenization . " She had to customize her weight loss strategy to her nomadic lifestyle . Although gas stations full of candy and other unhealthy snacks beckoned , Highsmith fought cravings by carrying unsalted nuts , canned baked beans , unsweetened Greek yogurt and fresh fruit . For breakfast , Highsmith would generally eat fruit , poached eggs , ham and a little milk and coffee . Protein was key for keeping her full well into the afternoon . Lunchtime was a less structured meal . Highsmith made a point to never eat lunch "  just because it was lunchtime , " but to wait until she genuinely felt hungry . Then she would eat some yogurt , fruit and nuts , or a fresh salad . For dinner , she usually ordered grilled fish , sweet potatoes and vegetables . Sometimes she would allow herself to splurge on a carefully measured pat of butter for her sweet potatoes . "  Every time I thought about not walking all the steps or not drinking the water or having just one extra handful of nuts , I thought about how much fun it  would  be to go the Minnehaha Academy reunion and look like a million , " says Highsmith . Between her healthy eating habits and being constantly on her feet , Highsmith watched as the pounds melted away . "  Every day that I follow my weight loss plan I am thrilled , " Highsmith wrote to CNN in the middle of her journey . "  All of it helps me feel better about myself . When I look in the mirror and see a slimmer me , I am more confident and know I look good in my clothes . " She was careful , though , not to get distracted from her main goal : her health . "  I eat only when I am hungry , but if I get hungry , I need to eat , " says Highsmith . "  I am not on a starvation diet -- I am on a healthy , let me lose this weight and live longer journey . I never mention the word ` diet . ' " When the day of her 50th high school reunion arrived , Highsmith was ready and eager to show off her new physique . Her classmates were stunned with her transformation . "  I was very impressed , " says former classmate Linda Bjorklund , who has stayed in touch over the years . "  She was very disciplined about her food intake and her exercise . Carol usually does whatever she sets her mind to doing ... she always gives everything 115 % . " Highsmith 's message to her classmates ? "  Find a way to turn back the clock and wake up feeling good every day . " At 130 pounds , Highsmith 's journey is not over . She plans to lose 20 more pounds by her birthday in May 2015 , vowing to continue eschewing sweets , walking at least 10,000 steps per day , and eating and drinking properly . But she is in no rush to see the numbers on the scale go down . "  I am not trying to lose it fast because I did not gain it fast , " says Highsmith . "  We are what we eat and I have decided for the rest of my life that if something goes into my mouth , it must be good for me . "	Carol Highsmith was determined to lose 50 pounds for her 50th high school reunion She focused on watching what she ate , walking and drinking lots of water Her former classmates were blown away by her transformation
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- A Russian scientist who was part of a swap for 10 Russian spies caught in the United States is now in England , his brother told CNN Sunday . Igor Sutyagin "  is in a small town on the outskirts of London , " but does n't know exactly where , his brother Dmitry said . "  He thinks he needs to take stock and consider what 's going on in Russia ,  and  in England , " said Dmitry Sutyagin , who lives just outside Moscow . Sutyagin was convicted of espionage in Russia in 2004 , according to Human Rights Watch , which said his trial and conviction were seriously flawed . Washington denies that he was a spy . Amnesty International warned Thursday that sending him abroad as part of the swap could amount to forcible exile , a violation of international law . His mother told Amnesty he had been forced to confess to spying in order to be freed from prison in a remote arctic region of Russia . Sutyagin is one of four people handed over on Friday in exchange for the 10 people who confessed in the United States to spying for Russia . The United States and Russia completed the swap Friday , exchanging them on chartered planes at an airport in Vienna , Austria , a U.S. official and Russian media said . The elaborately choreographed transfer -- which took place while the planes sat on the ground for about an hour -- was reminiscent of a scene from the Cold War . Attorney General Eric Holder said none of the 10 had passed classified information and therefore none had been charged with espionage . Under the plea agreements , the defendants disclosed their true identities in court , admitted to being agents for Russia , and forfeited assets attributable to the criminal offenses , the Justice Department said in a news release . "  Richard Murphy " and "  Cynthia Murphy " admitted they are Russian citizens named Vladimir Guryev and Lydia Guryev , the Justice Department said . "  Michael Zottoli " and "  Patrica Mills " admitted they are Russian citizens named Mikhail Kutsik and Natalia Pereverzeva . "  Donald Howard Heathfield " and "  Tracey Lee Ann Foley " admitted they are Russian citizens named Andrey Bezrukov and Elena Vavilova , and "  Juan Lazaro " admitted that he is a Russian citizen named Mikhail Anatonoljevich Vasenkov . Vicky Pelaez , Anna Chapman and Mikhail Semenko operated in the United States under their true names , and Chapman and Semenko admitted they are Russian citizens , the Justice Department said . Authorities have lost track of an 11th suspect , who was detained in Cyprus , released on bail , and then failed to check in with authorities as he had promised to do . In Moscow , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev signed a decree Friday pardoning four Russians imprisoned for alleged contact with Western intelligence agencies , the Kremlin press service said , according to state-run RIA Novosti . "  Three of the Russian prisoners were convicted of treason in the form of espionage on behalf of a foreign power and are serving lengthy prison terms , " the Justice Department said in a letter to U.S. District Judge Kimba M. Wood , who handled the case in the United States . "  The Russian prisoners have all served a number of years in prison and some are in poor health . The Russian government has agreed to release the Russian prisoners and their family members for resettlement . " The individuals pardoned by Russia are Alexander Zaporozhsky , Gennady Vasilenko , Sergei Skripal , and Sutyagin . All four appealed to the Russian president to free them after admitting their crimes against the Russian state , press secretary Natalia Timakova said . But in Washington , State Department spokesman Mark Toner denied Thursday that Sutyagin had been a spy . CNN 's Arkady Irshenko , Richard Allen Greene and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Scientist does n't know exactly where he is , his brother tells CNN He was one of four Russians exchanged for 10 who admitted they were Russian agents The swap at a Vienna airport was reminiscent of scenes from the Cold War Sutyagin was forced to confess , his mother says
The U.S. House unanimously approved legislation on Tuesday to permit veterans experiencing long wait times for medical appointments to seek care at non-VA facilities . A similar measure has been proposed in the Senate , which could act later this week . An internal Veterans Affairs audit released on Monday found that tens of thousands of newly returning veterans wait at least 90 days for medical care , while even more who signed up in the agency system over the past 10 years never got an immediate appointment they requested . Scandal over delayed wait times has triggered a review of nearly 70 VA medical facilities nationwide by the agency 's inspector general 's office and forced the resignation of VA Secretary Eric Shinseki . Audit : More than 120,000 veterans waiting or never got care Acting VA leader : Changes start with getting veterans appointments	Proposal would allow veterans to use non-VA medical facilities The plan would also end bonuses for VA staff for two years The measure was approved unanimously , and a similar proposal is in Senate legislation
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- NASA released newly restored videos Thursday of two U.S. astronauts taking the world 's first steps on the moon . NASA hired a digital restoration firm to improve video showing astronauts taking first steps on the moon . The images were released just four days before the 40th anniversary of the historic event that captivated the world on July 20 , 1969 . The release , part of a larger Apollo 11 moonwalk restoration project , features 15 key moments from the historic lunar excursion , NASA said in a statement . Astronaut Neil Armstrong , now 78 , was the first to venture onto the moon 's surface after the lunar module Eagle landed on the so-called Sea of Tranquility . Following him was Buzz Aldrin , now 79 . The videos are far superior to the initial dark , fuzzy images people watched on their television sets at the time , although they are far from crisp . Watch a clearer view of "  one small step for man " " The original tapes of images sent back to Earth by Apollo 11 have been lost , and the camera that shot them was left on the moon , according to a NASA official . Given those circumstances , the team of Apollo-era engineers who helped produce the 1969 live broadcast of the moonwalk acquired the best of the broadcast-format video from a variety of places . These images were turned over to a firm specializing in digitized video restorations , said Mark Hess , chief of public affairs at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland . "  It was the very best of the broadcast video that we were able to locate from all the sources , " he said , referring to any place that had the original broadcast . "  The quality of those varied widely . " One source was kinescopes found in film vaults at NASA 's Johnson Space Center in Houston that had not been seen for 36 years , NASA said . Kinescopes are the motion-picture records of a television program . NASA is fairly sure that the original tapes were placed in storage , and taken out and used in the 1970s and 1980s , Hess said . "  Once that technology became irrelevant , they were probably destroyed , " Hess said . These are just the first restored videos to be released , he said . NASA expects that by September , the firm will have worked on the entire moonwalk , and the quality of those videos -- about three hours worth -- will be even better than today 's . The company NASA used , Lowry Digital of Burbank , California , specializes in restoring old Hollywood films and video . iReport.com : Where were you during the moon landing ? The images posted Thursday on the NASA Web site include a two-minute video montage with highlights of the moonwalk , and separate videos of Armstrong and Aldrin descending a ladder to the moon 's dusty surface . Each partially restored video is shown beside an original image , for comparison . Another comparison video shows Armstrong reading a commemorative plaque on the lunar module , which says in part : "  Here men from the planet Earth first stepped upon the moon -- July 1969 . " The montage video shows highlights from the Apollo 11 mission , from the launch in Florida to the spacecraft 's departure from the moon .	NEW : NASA used company that specializes in restoring old Hollywood films NEW : Some images obtained from kinescopes found in NASA 's film vaults Videos released just four days before the 40th anniversary of first moonwalk Videos far superior to the initial dark , fuzzy images but far from crisp
They 're three of the world 's biggest superstars -- but few would have expected to see them together taking in a football match in Paris . Beyonce and her husband Jay-Z were the stars of the show in the French capital on Tuesday night after turning out to watch Paris Saint-Germain 's stunning 3-2 win over Barcelona in the Champions League . While Lionel Messi and Neymar were busy scoring goals for Barca , in a losing cause , it was the celebrities in the stand which were capturing the attention of the photographers by the field . Most tourists visit the Eiffel Tower or take a stroll down the Champs Elysees , but Beyonce and her husband looked quite at home in the company of Beckham . Beckham , who retired from football following a five-month spell with PSG in 2013 , watched on as his former teammates claimed an impressive victory . David Luiz , Marco Verratti and Blaise Matuidi got the goals for the home side , which was forced to play without injured talisman Zlatan Ibrahimovic . The Swede , one of the leading strikers , was sat in the stands with a smile on his face as Barcelona suffered a rare defeat . Barcelona had not conceded a goal in any of its six league matches before arriving in Paris but its defensive frailties were exposed for all to see . Nicolas Sarkozy , the former French President , was also in attendance , sharing words with Jay-Z , perhaps even mentioning his wife 's music career . Carla Bruni-Sarkozy , the former first lady of France , has released solo albums in the past and has been known to perform in public . But any singing at the Parc-des-Princes was done by the home supporters , who roared their team home to a famous win . Elsewhere , Bayern Munich recorded a 1-0 win over CSKA in Moscow in a game played behind closed-doors . The Russian side was forced to play the game without fans as punishment following their constant breaches of behavior . Thomas Muller 's penalty secured Bayern 's second consecutive victory in this year 's competition . Roma sits second in Group E following a 1-1 draw at Manchester City courtesy of a goal from Francesco Totti . Totti 's goal makes him the oldest player to score in the Champions League at the age of 38 years and three days . Elsewhere , Chelsea recorded a 1-0 win at Sporting Lisbon , Athletic Bilbao suffered a surprise 2-1 defeat at BATE Borisov in Belarus and Cypriot side APOEL held Ajax to a 1-1 draw .	Beyonce and Jay-Z in attendance to watch PSG French champion overcomes Barcelona 3-2 Manchester City held 1-1 by Roma Bayern Munich defeats CSKA in Moscow
CNN  -- Most of us have become so used to suppressing noise that we do n't think much about what we 're hearing , or about how we listen . Yet our well-being is now being seriously damaged by modern sound . Here are 10 things about sound and health that you may not know : 1 .  You are a chord . This is obvious from physics , though it 's admittedly somewhat metaphorical to call the combined rhythms and vibrations within a human being a chord , which we usually understand to be an aesthetically pleasant audible collection of tones . But "  the fundamental characteristic of nature is periodic functioning in frequency , or musical pitch , " according to C.T. Eagle . Matter is vibrating energy ; therefore , we are a collection of vibrations of many kinds , which can be considered a chord . 2 .  One definition of health may be that that chord is in complete harmony . The World Health Organization defines health as "  a state of complete physical , mental , and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity " which opens at least three dimensions to the concept . On a philosophical level , Plato , Socrates , Pythagoras and Confucius all wrote at length about the relationship between harmony , music and health  both social and physical  . Here 's Socrates : "  Rhythm and harmony find their way into the inward places of the soul , on which they mightily fasten , imparting grace , and making the soul of him who is rightly educated graceful , or of him who is ill-educated ungraceful . " Watch an interview with Julian Treasure 3 .  We see one octave ; we hear ten . An octave is a doubling in frequency . The visual spectrum in frequency terms is 400-790 THz , so it 's just under one octave . Humans with great hearing can hear from 20 Hz to 20 KHz , which is ten octaves . 4 .  We adopt listening positions . Listening positions are a useful set of perspectives that can help people to be more conscious and effective in communication -- because expert listening can be just as powerful as speaking . For example , men typically adopt a reductive listening position , listening for something , often a point or solution . Women , by contrast , typically adopt an expansive listening position , enjoying the journey , going with the flow . When unconscious , this mismatch causes a lot of arguments . Other listening positions include judgmental  or critical  , active  or reflective  , passive  or meditative  and so on . Some are well known and widely used ; for example , active listening is trained into many therapists , counselors and educators . 5 .  Noise harms and even kills . There is now wealth of evidence about the harmful effect of noise , and yet most people still consider noise a local matter , not the major global issue it has become . According to a 1999 U.S. Census report , Americans named noise as the number one problem in neighborhoods . Of the households surveyed , 11.3 percent stated that street or traffic noise was bothersome , and 4.4 percent said it was so bad that they wanted to move . More Americans are bothered by noise than by crime , odors and other problems listed under "  other bothersome conditions . " TED.com : Music is medicine , music is sanity The European Union says : "  Around 20 % of the Union 's population or close on 80 million people suffer from noise levels that scientists and health experts consider to be unacceptable , where most people become annoyed , where sleep is disturbed and where adverse health effects are to be feared . An additional 170 million citizens are living in so-called ` grey areas ' where the noise levels are such to cause serious annoyance during the daytime . " The World Health Organization says : "  Traffic noise alone is harming the health of almost every third person in the WHO European Region . One in five Europeans is regularly exposed to sound levels at night that could significantly damage health . " The WHO is also the source for the startling statistic about noise killing 200,000 people a year . Its findings  LARES report  estimate that 3 percent of deaths from ischemic heart disease result from long-term exposure to noise . With 7 million deaths a year globally , that means 210,000 people are dying of noise every year . TED.com : Jose Abreu on kids transformed by music The cost of noise to society is astronomical . The EU again : "  Present economic estimates of the annual damage in the EU due to environmental noise range from EUR 13 billion to 38 billion . Elements that contribute are a reduction of housing prices , medical costs , reduced possibilities of land use and cost of lost labour days . "  Future Noise Policy European Commission Green Paper 1996  . Then there is the effect of noise on social behavior . The U.S. report "  Noise and its effects "  Administrative Conference of the United States , Alice Suter , 1991  says : "  Even moderate noise levels can increase anxiety , decrease the incidence of helping behavior , and increase the risk of hostile behavior in experimental subjects . These effects may , to some extent , help explain the "  dehumanization " of today 's urban environment . " Perhaps Confucius and Socrates have a point . 6 .  Schizophonia is unhealthy . "  Schizophonia " describes a state where what you hear and what you see are unrelated . The word was coined by the great Canadian audiologist Murray Schafer and was intended to communicate unhealthiness . Schafer explains : "  I coined the term schizophonia intending it to be a nervous word . Related to schizophrenia , I wanted it to convey the same sense of aberration and drama . " My assertion that continual schizophonia is unhealthy is a hypothesis that science could and should test , both at personal and also a social level . You have only to consider the bizarre jollity of train carriages now -- full of lively conversation but none of it with anyone else in the carriage -- to entertain the possibility that this is somehow unnatural . Old-style silence at least had the virtue of being an honest lack of connection with those around us . Now we ignore our neighbors , merrily discussing intimate details of our lives as if the people around us simply do n't exist . Surely this is not a positive social phenomenon . 7 . Compressed music makes you tired . However clever the technology and the psychoacoustic algorithms applied , there are many issues with data compression of music , as discussed in this excellent article by Robert Harley back in 1991 . My assertion that listening to highly compressed music makes people tired and irritable is based on personal and anecdotal experience - again it 's one that I hope will be tested by researchers . 8 . Headphone abuse is creating deaf kids . Over 19 percent of American 12 to 19 years old exhibited some hearing loss in 2005-2006 , an increase of almost 5 percent since 1988-94  according to a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association by Josef Shargorodsky et al , reported with comments from the researchers here  . One university study found that 61 percent of freshmen showed hearing loss  Leeds 2001  . Many audiologists use the rule of thumb that your headphones are too loud if you ca n't hear someone talking loudly to you . For example , Robert Fifer , an associate professor of audiology and speech pathology at the University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine , says : "  If you can still hear what people are saying around you , you are at a safe level . If the volume is turned so loudly that you can no longer hear conversation around you , or if someone has to shout at you at a distance of about 2 or 3 feet to get your attention , then you are up in the hazardous noise range . " TED.com : Evelyn Glennie shows how to listen 9 . Natural sound and silence are good for you . These assertions seem to be uncontroversial . Perhaps they resonate with everyone 's experience or instinct . 10 . Sound can heal . Both music therapy and sound therapy can be categorized as "  sound healing . " Music therapy  the use of music to improve health  is a well-established form of treatment in the context of mainstream medicine for many conditions , including dementia and autism . Less mainstream , though intellectually no more difficult to accept , is sound therapy : the use of tones or sounds to improve health through entrainment  affecting one oscillator with a stronger one  . This is long-established : shamanic and community chant and the use of various resonators like bells and gongs , date back thousands of years and are still in use in many cultures around the world . Just because something is pre-Enlightenment and not done in hospitals does n't mean that it 's new-age BS . Doubtless there are charlatans offering snake oil  as in many fields  , but I suspect there is also much to learn , and just as herbal medicine gave rise to many of the drugs we use today , I suspect there are rich resources and fascinating insights to be gleaned when science starts to unpack the traditions of sound healing . I hope these thoughts make a contribution to raising awareness of sound and its effects on health . I welcome your reaction , and I will check this forum and respond . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Treasure .	Julian Treasure : Sounds we hear have an important effect on our lives and health Noise can cause physical harm and sound can heal , he says He says headphone abuse is creating deaf kids More research needed to fully understand how what we hear affects our health , he says
CNN  Former rap mogul Marion "  Suge " Knight was charged Monday with murder and other counts in a hit-and-run in Compton , California , last week , according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office . He is being held without bail and is expected to be arraigned on Tuesday . Knight , 49 , faces up to life in prison if convicted in the fatal hit-and-run . He is accused of running over two men and killing one following an argument . The man who died has been identified as Terry Carter , 55 . The second man 's name is Cle Sloan , 51 . Knight , who was out on bail in a separate robbery case , is charged with with one count of murder , one count of attempted murder , two counts of hit-and-run with an allegation that he committed a serious and violent felony while out on bail , the district attorney 's office said in a statement . He has prior convictions , "  making this a third strike case , " it said . Knight turned himself in to Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department investigators early Friday . CNN affiliate KCAL-TV and the Los Angeles Times quoted his attorney , James Blatt , as saying Knight feared for his life and was trying to flee when the incident happened . "  We feel strongly Mr. Knight did not do anything wrong in this matter . He was attacked by a number of individuals ; that has already been corroborated by certain witnesses . He left the scene because he was in fear for his safety and life , " he said . Knight founded the wildly successful Death Row Records in 1991 , signing artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg  since then known as Snoop Dogg and Snoop Lion  and Tupac Shakur . Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996 . Shortly afterward , Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . That prison time -- along with Shakur 's death , feuds between Knight and a number of rappers and desertions by Dr. Dre , Snoop and others -- contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 . In August , Knight and two other people were shot while inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by singer Chris Brown on the eve of the MTV Video Music Awards . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed , Steve Almasy and Lisa Respers France contributed to this report .	Marion "  Suge " Knight is being held without bail He is accused of running over two men and killing one following an argument
Before 14-year-old Philip Chism allegedly killed his algebra teacher , the pair had at least one more encounter as student and teacher , a witness said . Chism had been doodling and listening to music during Colleen Ritzer 's algebra I class during the school 's final period , classmate Cambria Cloutier told CNN . Creating such drawings was unusual for Chism , and when the final bell sounded at 1:55 p.m. Tuesday , Ritzer asked him to stay after class . Cloutier sat two desks over from Chism , who rarely participated in class discussion but was "  a really good student , " she said . While shuttling between two after-school meetings , Cloutier said , she looked into the same classroom and saw Ritzer standing by her computer and Chism sitting in a chair about 5 to 10 feet away . The teacher smiled at her , Cloutier recalled . At some point that afternoon , Ritzer went to a student girls ' bathroom on Danvers High 's second floor , as someone was in the locked faculty bathroom , a source close to the investigation said . Chism allegedly followed her in . The school reopened its doors Friday , as the first answers began to surface . How was Ritzer killed ? With a box cutter the suspect , Chism , had brought into school , a source close to the investigation says . What happened to her body afterward ? It was stashed in a recycling bin , rolled outside , then dumped about 20 feet into woods behind the northeastern Massachusetts high school 's athletic fields , adds another source . It was left there -- not buried , not even covered . And where did the alleged killer go afterward ? After changing his clothes , he went to a Wendy 's fast-food restaurant and a movie , sources say , before police in a neighboring town saw him walking on a busy road under the pitch-dark sky early Wednesday . Yet the question of why this happened -- why a popular young educator who always wore a smile and went the extra mile was killed allegedly by a teenager who friends , family and co-workers described as reserved and well-behaved -- continues to loom large . Caring , compassionate teacher was ` brilliant ray of light ' Chism , who had moved to the Boston suburb of Danvers before the start of the school year , remains jailed without bond . A grand jury will play a big part in deciding his next step : If they indict him for first - or second-degree murder , he -- like any juvenile age 14 or older -- would be tried as an adult , based on Massachusetts law . Meanwhile , the tight-knit North Shore community is still trying to make sense of what he allegedly did and of life without a teacher who so many appreciated , learned from and loved . "  It 's just surreal how quickly someone can go , and how much we take for granted every day , " said Danvers High student Chris Weimert . Ritzer was "  the nicest teacher you could ever have . I ca n't believe it . " There will be a wake for Ritzer at St. Augustine Church in Andover on Sunday , and her funeral will take place there Monday . A member of the Ritzer family , who declined to be named , said the family is "  doing as well as can be expected . " Two missing-persons reports come together Students and colleagues described the 24-year-old Ritzer as someone who gave everything for her students -- be it a pat on the back , a sensible explanation to a tricky concept , or the time , effort and heart to work through problems , math or otherwise , with them . One of those students was Chism , a freshman . Sometime after Ritzer held him back after class , she was killed in the bathroom . There , Ritzer was punched a few times before being killed with a box cutter around 3:30 p.m. , said a source . Her body went into a recycling bin , then outside the school where it was tossed . Authorities eventually found a bin that apparently had been thrown off an embankment about 100 feet away from Ritzer 's body , a source said . Before police found her -- before they even knew she was missing -- they 'd started looking for Chism . This was in the early evening , with Danvers Police tweeting to residents that he had n't returned home and was last seen around the Hollywood Hits movie theater in the town about 20 miles northeast of Boston . Scott Przybycien , the theater 's manager , told CNN that Chism arrived around 4:15 p.m. Tuesday and caught the start of the Woody Allen film , "  Blue Jasmine , " about 15 minutes later . Surveillance video , which was turned over to police , confirmed that Chism was there until the movie let out around 6:15 p.m. , he said . "  He fit right in like a normal , everyday person , " Przybycien said Friday , noting that teen paid cash for his ticket and had on clean clothes . While they were looking for him , police got a call around 11:20 p.m. Tuesday about another missing person : Ritzer . She was n't home either , nor had she answered her phones . The stories started coming together about an hour later , when police officers in nearby Topsfield found Chism walking along Route 1 . Whatever he told detectives in his subsequent interviews , whatever they saw in surveillance footage from the school , led to Chism 's arrest for murder . It also led them to Ritzer 's body in the woods . Read the complaint A quiet and normal student Chism is a quiet young man , those who know him said . He excelled at soccer and made a harmless impression . "  He ... seemed quiet and reserved , but he just seemed normal , " said Ariana Edwards , who was in Chism 's English class . Chism did n't drink or do drugs , and he came from a good family , one of his closest friends said . He described Chism as a good athlete who was shy at first but eventually warmed up to people , adding that he had n't been acting strangely lately . Friends got their first hint that something was awry when Chism did n't show up for soccer practice Tuesday . The team set out to look for him after seeing texts that he was missing . He was a newcomer to Danvers , a town of about 26,000 people . His family had bounced around , and he had lived in different cities in Tennessee and Florida since he was in fourth grade , authorities in those states said . Friends , relatives bewildered by arrest of ` storybook kid ' in teacher slaying A teacher who went the extra mile Meanwhile , many were at a loss in Danvers to explain the death of Ritzer -- a woman who inspired many , whether it be in the classroom or online , with her heart , intellect and positive spirit . "  She was talking on Saturday about this year was a good year . She was teaching freshmen for the first time . She was happy , " said Jen Berger , Ritzer 's best friend . "  I do n't even know what the world is like without her . It 's a scary thought . " Sympathy spread through the region , making its way into the baseball World Series . Bleachers full of fans who had assembled to watch the Boston Red Sox take on the St. Louis Cardinals observed a moment of silence in Ritzer 's honor before Game 1 began Wednesday night at Boston 's Fenway Park . Ritzer , a 2011 graduate of Assumption College who was working toward a master 's degree at Salem State University , seemed to always wear a wide smile and was approachable to students and colleagues alike , said Charlotte Dzerkacz , who became good friends with Ritzer in 2011 when they taught at the same middle school . "  She was energetic , she was compassionate , " Dzerkacz said . "  You could n't ask for anything more from a teacher or a friend . " Salem State issued a statement lamenting Ritzer 's death . "  She believed children have much to offer and often do not realize how special they are as individuals , " the university said . "  In her application to Salem State she said she was dedicated to ` helping students in times of need . ' " Ritzer was known to take to Twitter to dole out homework assignments and wisdom to her students . "  No matter what happens in life , be good to people , " she wrote in August . "  Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind . " Debate unfolds after teacher slayings in Nevada , Massachusetts	Chism "  fit right in " when he saw "  Blue Jasmine , " theater manager says Colleen Ritzer asked Philip Chism , who 'd been doodling , to stay after class , student says Source : Ritzer was punched before being killed with a box cutter in the bathroom Bathroom where the teacher was killed remains shut when high school reopens
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A rash of bank robberies in New York has the city 's police commissioner worried that criminals have turned banks into "  virtual cash machines " and some wondering whether tough economic times are fueling the trend . A surveillance camera captures a bank robbery suspect in New York on December 2 . On Monday alone , robbers targeted five banks in the Big Apple , some striking in broad daylight and near famous landmarks . Police called the incidents unrelated , but they 're just the latest examples of the growing tally of hold-ups . Bank robberies in New York have risen 54 percent compared with last year , with criminals committing more than 430 in the past 12 months , according to the New York police department . "  As it stands now , they 've turned -LSB- banks -RSB- into virtual cash machines , " New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said . Bank robberies are also up in many areas across the country , including San Diego , California , and Houston , Texas , federal law enforcement experts told CNN . It 's enough for some to link the trend to the rash of layoffs , the plummeting stock market and the bust in the real estate values , all of which have left many Americans in dire financial straits . "  It makes me think that the recession is making people go to extreme measures , " a woman who frequents one of the banks robbed Monday told The New York Times . Watch where the robbers struck " But Kelly said it 's not clear whether the bad economic times are fueling the unusual spike . "  People want to say ... it 's because of the economy . I think it 's too early to make that statement , " he said . CNN security analyst Mike Brooks agreed , adding that although there are typically many bank robberies during the holidays , there are no data to suggest that any recent spike was caused by the economy . Another expert said it 's possible that the difficulty of finding a job right now may be a factor , but he doubted that law-abiding citizens are turning to crime to make ends meet . "  It 's hard to attribute the bank robberies to people who were let go from Lehman Brothers or other organizations that are in trouble , " said Alfred Blumstein , who has researched criminal justice for 20 years and is a professor of operations research at Carnegie Mellon University 's Heinz College . "  I would anticipate that people who rob banks have been involved with crime before because that 's not where one is likely to start , " Blumstein said . A person who might turn to robbing banks is someone in their late teens or early 20s who has already broken the law and has decided to move on to a bigger target , he added . "  Bank robbery is a very high-risk activity , because most banks have various surveillance equipment in place , and it requires a degree of aggressiveness that otherwise law-abiding folks are not likely to take on , " Blumstein said . Some officials say the modern , customer-friendly design of banks -- with easy access to tellers and cash -- is too tempting for robbers . "  We do n't like the business plan that makes a bank look like a living room , " Kelly said "  We -LSB- advise -RSB- just some common sense provisions , such as so-called bandit barriers , so that tellers have some option to act when somebody puts a note in front of them . " In fact , bank robbers have simply handed tellers a note in a vast majority of hold-ups in New York . Kelly put the figure at 80 percent and added that although the rest of the robbers claimed to have a gun , many did n't actually show it . Mike Smith , president and CEO of the New York Bankers Association , is meeting with the NYPD to see what more can be done to discourage robbers . He said banks have a significant amount of security , some of which may not be visible to the public . "  Are there enhancements ? Obviously . Criminals talk to each other , they know what 's going on , but typically they are apprehended , " Mike Smith said . CNN 's A. Pawlowski contributed to this report .	Bank robberies in New York have risen 54 percent compared with last year On Monday alone , robbers targeted five banks , some striking in broad daylight NYPD : Not clear whether the bad economic times are fueling the spike Expert doubts law-abiding citizens are turning to crime to make ends meet
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- For just a moment we can hardly believe what is happening . The boyish leader takes a step towards the microphone , the massed ranks of the huge army he commands poised before him . And then he speaks . The adoring crowd who have been chanting his name falls silent . Kim Jong Un , not yet 30 years old , appears slightly nervous . His voice does n't waver but his body moves back and forth restlessly and his eyes dart around . If his nerves betray him slightly , his words stay strong . He stands atop the shoulders of the men who have gone before him , his grandfather and father . Directly below him hang the huge portraits of the man North Koreans call the Great Leader , Kim il Sung , and his son the so-called Dear Leader , Kim Jong Il . North Korea marks founder 's 100th birthday The third generation of the Kim dynasty pledges to build on his family 's legacy . But already , just with this speech , he is veering from their path . It is something his father never did . North Koreans I speak to say they ca n't recall ever hearing his voice . To be here now is "  the greatest gift I have received in my life , " one man says . Kim Jong Un is speaking to two audiences : his people and the outside world he stands apart from . The newly-crowned Supreme Leader has a vowed to try to unite the fractured Korean nation , still separated after more than half a century . "  We have suffered the pain of separation for nearly 70 years , " he declares . "  We have lived as one people on the same land for thousands of years to suffer like this is heartbreaking . "  Our party and our government will work with anyone who truly wants reunification . " But this is not a day for talk of peace . This is a military parade with all the menace this isolated nation can muster . To North Koreans this says they can defend themselves . To their enemies , especially the United States , there is a deadly message . "  Our military has become a powerful military able to handle any kind of modern warfare , with complete offensive and defensive capabilities , " Kim says . "  The foreign powers are not the only ones with monopoly on military supremacy , and the days of their threatening and lying to us with atomic weapons is forever gone . " It is 100 years since the birth of the founding father of the nation , Kim il Sung . Installed as leader by Russia in 1945 after the liberation and the separation of North and South Korea , he is still revered as a freedom fighter and hero . To honor his birthday , the military , one of the largest on earth , shows off its arsenal . Soldiers -- men and women -- goose step with precision , while columns of tanks bearing the message "  we will smash the United States imperialists " roll across the great parade square . The latest hi-tech weapons then follow , including drones and missiles that could potentially strike targets thousands of miles away . This is an army battle ready , a country still technically at war and soldiers determined to follow any order . "  With the strategy of the Great Leader Kim Il Sung , the dear Kim Jong il and Kim Jong Un , and with our bombs and weapons , we will destroy them , " a group of soldiers tells me . In North Korea the army comes first , no expense spared . While it shows off its guns to the world , many people go hungry . The military is well fed , but aid agencies say the country 's rural population suffers from chronic malnutrition and stunted growth as they scrounge for food . In a rare concession , Kim says this regime will not allow people to suffer any more -- as close as he could get to admitting the government had failed the people in the past . "  Our fellow citizens , who are the best citizens in the world , who have overcome countless struggles and hardships , it is our party 's firmest resolve not to let our citizens go hungry again , " he says . Across the capital , people watching on are alive to this moment . When I approach one group and merely mention the name Kim Jong Un they explode into chants and loud clapping . One man beaming at our camera says , "  we want to tell the world how proud we are to have such a man to lead us . " Kim has inherited the power , adulation and responsibility few people could possibly be prepared for . The world is watching and wondering if he will be different from his forefathers and whether he will even survive . When the parade passes , Kim will face the reality of ruling this poverty-stricken , pariah state .	Kim Jong Un spoke during a celebration in Pyongyang marking Kim Il Sung 's birth 100 years earlier The third generation of the Kim dynasty pledges to build on his family 's legacy Kim also acknowledged the suffering of many N. Koreans , vowed never to let them starve again But he also carried a warning that North Korea remains able to defend itself
CNN  -- A federal appeals court in San Francisco , California , has blocked same-sex marriages in that state from resuming immediately , until the three-judge panel hears broader questions over the constitutionality of such marriages . The brief order from the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals late Monday set aside a federal judge 's decision earlier this month that would have permitted same-sex marriages to resume in California as early as Wednesday . That came after the judge ruled a voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage violated federal civil rights laws . The appeals court also set a fast schedule to hear the merits of the constitutional challenge to Proposition 8 , the 2008 initiative defining marriage as only between one man and one woman . Oral arguments will now be held the week of December 6 , meaning a decision on whether same-sex couples can legally wed likely will not be decided until sometime next year . Opponents of Proposition 8 seeking to overturn the voter-approved ban on same-sex marriages will not appeal Monday 's ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court , according to spokesman Yousef Robb with the American Foundation for Equal Rights . Opponents could ask the Supreme Court to intervene on the narrow question of whether to allow the stay to be lifted , but both sides of the debate agree the odds of the justices getting involved at this stage are very slim . The case has had an up-and-down series of rulings and referendums . The state 's high court had allowed same-sex marriage , but then the voter referendum two years ago passed with 52 percent of the vote . The California Supreme Court subsequently allowed that initiative to stand , saying it represented the will of the people . Opponents of the law next filed a federal challenge , saying the law violated 14th Amendment constitutional protections of due process and equal protection . Judge Vaughn Walker on August 4 agreed , issuing a 136-page opinion that concluded , "  Proposition 8 fails to advance any rational basis in singling out gay men and lesbians for denial of a marriage license . " The Reagan-appointed judge added , "  Proposition 8 does nothing more than enshrine in the California Constitution the notion that opposite-sex couples are superior to same-sex couples . " Same sex marriage is currently legal in five states and in the District of Columbia , while civil unions are permitted in New Jersey . The five states are Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont , Iowa , and New Hampshire . Walker 's landmark ruling assured a swift federal appeal that ultimately may reach the Supreme Court . One sticking point could be whether Proposition 8 supporters in court -- all private citizens and groups -- have legal "  standing " to continue appealing the case . State officials , including the governor and attorney general , support individual same-sex couples challenging the law . Such state "  actors " traditionally defend voter referendums and legislation . Some legal experts say if the appeals court eventually rules Proposition 8 backers can not bring their petition for relief , the Supreme Court may not seek to intervene further , giving no clear guidance on the larger question of the constitutionality of same-sex marriage nationwide . The high court , in a 1997 unrelated appeal , had expressed "  grave doubts " about the ability of such private groups to challenge rulings that strike down ballot initiatives . Walker 's ruling had given the losing side a chance to appeal , and he held off allowing same-sex marriages from resuming until an emergency injunction request could be decided by the higher court . Among the federal appeals judges who agreed Monday to block same-sex marriages from resuming immediately was Sidney Thomas , a Montana native who was interviewed this spring by President Obama for the Supreme Court vacancy that eventually went to Elena Kagan . The case is Perry v. Schwarzenegger  10-16696  .	California 's Proposition 8 defines marriage as only between one man and one woman On August 4 , a federal judge ruled that Prop 8 violates federal civil rights laws Monday 's appeals court ruling sets aside that ruling pending further hearings Arguments will now be held before the appeals court in early December
CNN  -- People sometimes have difficulty understanding why the families of those who die in disasters are so invested in the recovery of their loved ones ' bodies . This painful process has been once again brought into sharp relief by the difficulty of retrieving the bodies of those lost in the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 from Ukrainian rebels who control the crash site . The International Committee of the Red Cross notes that international humanitarian law requires combatants to respect the bodies of those who die in conflict , reflecting the importance people attach to the bodies of their loved ones . Throughout history , most cultures have emphasized the management of the bodies of the deceased . Indeed , cultures around the world  and religions are a part of one 's culture  still observe different , important , traditions for what happens with human remains , most commonly ranging from burial to various forms of cremation . Grieving families often are eager to perform their traditional rituals for the remains of their loved ones , a process that can bring some level of comfort . But in the early stages of mass casualty disasters , families often share the experience of grief with other families whose loved ones have died , sometimes joining together in a family assistance center to await news of their loved ones and the identification of the remains . After day of tributes , more remains of victims to arrive in Netherlands It is when the remains of their loved ones are returned to the family that the more personal experience of the death tends to begin . Families will generally leave the family assistance center and return to their homes to grieve with their extended families and friends . While many funerary rituals can be performed without a body , knowing the exact disposition of the loved ones ' remains is often a crucial comfort to the family . The death of a loved one can of course be devastating , even if that person is the only one to die in an incident . But disaster mental health professionals know that mass casualty disasters are much more difficult for families than disasters in which only a few people die . It is n't clear why , but the old adage that misery loves company does not seem to apply to mass casualty disasters . As stressful as mass casualty incidents are , however , responders generally know to expect an even more stressful disaster if it is an incident in which body recovery is likely to be very difficult or even impossible . The recent disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is a classic example . Without knowing even the location of the downed aircraft , the recovery of the remains of the passengers and crew becomes more unlikely with each passing day . This is likely to complicate the grieving process for the survivors . Traditional cultural rituals for the dead help us to process grief in a meaningful way . Grief is n't magically resolved through these rituals , but it is one step in the process of building a new life without the presence of the loved one . What happens to the victims ' bodies next ? The emphasis on the return of the bodies of loved ones to their families is also reflected in the efforts of government officials . Many times rescue and recovery personnel place their own lives at risk as they try to return bodies . Underwater recoveries such as the crash of Flight 800 in 1996 , for example , present extreme challenges to the recovery teams . Similarly , in the aftermath of the attacks of September 11 , thousands of personnel worked in difficult and dangerous efforts to recover the remains of those who died . Some who worked in these recovery efforts have told me that the work was extremely dangerous , but that it was worth it to help the families as they grieved . Similarly , personnel working in mass casualty morgues have often asked me to tell the families of the deceased how respectfully the remains of their loved ones were treated . Within mainstream American culture , people often seem uncomfortable with the grieving process . Individuals coping with the death of a loved one are often told to "  get over it " or "  move on . " But even in ideal situations , the grieving process may continue for a year or more in healthy individuals , and periods of grief may continue to occur for years . Some moment may trigger a memory of the loved one who died and lead to a reawakening of the grief . This is not a sign of psychopathology , but of being human . The most helpful process in dealing with grief seems to be talking with family , friends and spiritual leaders . It is also useful to understand that you do n't have to be mentally ill to seek support from a mental health professional . This may be particularly useful if family and friends do n't seem to understand or appreciate the grief one is experiencing .	Gerard Jacobs : Some do n't get why recovery of loved one 's body so important to families He says cultures and family units have long needed rituals to process a death , give comfort He says not recovering body complicates grieving process . Mass deaths make it worse Jacobs : Grief makes Americans uncomfortable But grieving not mental illness , it 's human
CNN  -- In my travels around the world I have noted how attitudes toward women are a pretty accurate weather vane indicating what is happening in the wider politics of a country . In visits to Turkey in the past three years I saw rising anxiety about razor-sharp divisions between the secular and those who want a society where women "  breed " for their country and wear the hijab . In May , Turkish women 's rights activist Efsa Kuraner e-mailed me from Istanbul , "  Things are fast going down the plughole , it 's pretty depressing . The Islamic twist is becoming suffocating with how the prime minister keeps trying to cajole women to stay home and have three to five children . They are offering early retirement to women for having upwards of three kids . . !! Divorce is frowned upon . Abortion is all but banned . Only there in name . I am afraid darker days are yet to come . " Her predictions were prescient . The divisions have now cracked wide open . A peaceful protest by Istanbulites against plans to chop down ancient trees and transform the city 's largest public park , Gezi Park , into a large shopping mall has erupted into a far wider protest . BBC reports say the unrest has spread to 60 cities and towns across Turkey , including the political capital Ankara and popular tourism centers of Bodrum , Konya and Izmir . Is Gezi Park Turkey 's Tahrir Square moment ? On Saturday I received an e-mail with an eyewitness account from a women 's organization with offices in the heart of Istanbul . It read : "  Three days ago at midnight bulldozers charged into Gezi Park , home to century-old trees . Concerned citizens quickly shared this information on Facebook , Twitter  #direngezipark , #occupygezi  , Instagram , and other social media , and numerous other people joined them to stop the destruction . From then on , protesters have been occupying Gezi Park day and night , despite being attacked by police forces with pepper gas and high-pressure water jets . " Opinion : Why Turkey 's protests are no Arab Spring Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has for some time been alienating his liberal supporters . He seems out of touch . Last year , he characterized abortions and even cesarean sections as "  secret plots " to hinder the country 's growth . In January , Erdogan called on Turkish women to have "  at least four or five children " in the name of the country 's "  grandeur " and faster economic growth . He assigned four government ministers to work on population policy and proposals for family expansion . The prime minister 's Justice and Development Party has its roots in political Islam , but Erdogan insists he is committed to Turkey 's secular state . The protesters , unconvinced by his claim , are waving flags emblazoned with photographs of past President Mustafa Kemal AtatÃ 1/4 rk , who , beginning in 1923 , began Turkey 's transition from Ottoman Empire into modern , Western-style secular state with a program of political , economic and cultural reform . Thousands of new schools were built , and primary education was made free and compulsory . AtatÃ 1/4 rk 's message to the 1935 International Alliance of Women - Congress in Istanbul was : "  The exercise of civil and political rights by women is a necessity for the happiness and prestige of humankind . " The Turkish media appear slow to respond to the events of the past few days . Kuraner e-mailed me on Monday : " ... total black-out of Turkish media . ... we are quite speechless . ... never seen the media of any country remain soooo silent while a mini revolution was raging all around . ... a supposed democratic country that is !! " After winning three elections , Erdogan has grown overconfident . Many complain about his increasing authoritarianism . He is scheduled to leave Turkey this week for a four-day visit to North Africa . Some hope he wo n't return and will step down so things wo n't escalate . Erdogan has been in power since 2002 . His electoral success was mainly due to the economy ; Turkey is the sixth biggest economy in Europe . The decade of rule of Erdogan 's AK party has coincided with a time of prosperity . Per-capita income has tripled , exports have increased nearly tenfold and Turkish banks are in good health . The opposition parties  save the Kurds  have until now been weak and divided . The challenge to both the protesters and the government is to achieve change through the ballot box , not though police brutality nor the bullet . The Turkish government 's future policies toward women will be an indicator of the future direction the country will take . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lesley Abdela .	Lesley Abdela : Treatment of women a good weather vane for wider state of politics in Turkey She says Erdogan says women should reproduce more ; he says he 's secular , does n't sound it She says Gezi Park tumult shows divisions between secular and hinted-at Islam state Abdela : Erdogan had success leading thriving nation , now out of touch , over-confident
Rome  CNN  -- Prosecution witnesses at the trial of Capt. Francesco Schettino painted a picture of chaos aboard the Costa Concordia on the night the cruise liner sank , as they testified Tuesday in Italy . The cruise liner capsized after it struck rocks off Italy 's Giglio Island in the Tyrrhenian Sea in January 2012 , killing 32 of the 4,200 people on board . INTERACTIVE : How ill-fated cruise liner was raised from Italian seabed Schettino faces charges of manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship with passengers still on board . He denies wrongdoing . Among several key witnesses Tuesday , on the second day of prosecution testimony against Schettino , was Moldovan dancer Domnica Cemortan , who dined with the captain and was with him on the command bridge at the time of the accident . Cemortan , who boarded the ship as a passenger but had worked on another Costa Cruises ship captained by Schettino a few weeks earlier , conceded under questioning that she had been romantically involved with him . Everything seemed normal at first on the bridge , she told the court , but then she heard Schettino giving orders , and then "  speaking angrily , yelling , to another officer " and telling him to obey the order . She heard the alarms go off on the bridge , triggering chaos and confusion . She heard a call from the engine room that "  water had entered the ship . " The dancer left the bridge with Schettino and crew member Ciro Onorato , she said , following them around the vessel because she was n't sure where they were going . They ended up near some lifeboats , where "  it was very slippery , " she said . She and Onorato helped other passengers for about half an hour while the captain returned to the bridge , she said . Then Onorato pulled her into a lifeboat that also held other crew members . The boat hung over the side , and some panicked passengers fell into the water , she said . Cemortan said she has suffered psychological issues and taken medication to deal with the mass media attention after the wreck . She is also a party to the civil case against the captain . Disappointed by captain 's actions Onorato , who had dined with the pair , earlier told the court he was disappointed by Schettino 's handling of events during and after the accident . Under cross-examination , Onorato was quizzed about Schettino 's movements around the cruise liner and about how they both came to leave the ship . Onorato gave the same account as Schettino has given -- that the ship was falling on top of them and that they had no choice but to "  fall " into a lifeboat . The defense also asked about Schettino 's demeanor when he saw him on shore and whether or not the captain was trying to get back to the ship . The prosecution also focused on why Schettino decided to sail so close to the island 's rocky coastline . Another witness , ship 's maitre d' Antonello Tievoli , a Giglio resident , said he had asked the captain to do the "  flyby " a week earlier -- and he acknowledged feeling guilty about having done so . He testified that Schettino had told him that he was going to do a "  close passage to the island " on the day of the crash , and that the captain had invited him on to the bridge so he could see it . Tievoli messaged his sister on Facebook to tell her the ship would be passing by moments before the accident . He was planning to point out where his house was on Giglio to Schettino and other guests on the bridge . ` It is going to end up in the rocks ' Schettino asked him to call a retired Costa Cruises captain , Mario Palombo , who lived on Giglio to say they 'd be passing close by , Tievoli said . Palombo was not on the island that night , but he and Schettino spoke by telephone . Tievoli told the court that he had done previous "  close passages to the island , " but none that close . Schettino had to ask the Costa Cruises company before changing his route and had done so before on a previous voyage , Cemortan said . Palombo , who took the stand after Cemortan , described Schettino as insincere and always hiding the truth , adding that he did not respect him . The retired captain said he had been surprised to get a call from Tievoli and then Schettino that evening because it was winter , so there were few people on Giglio to see the "  salute , " or close passage to the shore . Schettino had asked him on the call about the waters around the island , he said . Palombo said a friend had then rung him , who said , "  I saw a ship passing by so close , it is going to end up in the rocks ... I 've never seen a ship passing by so close . The lights are off . " Palombo said there was no set procedure for doing a "  salute " and that the cruise line had never asked him to do one to publicize the brand . He 'd done them only for his own sense of pride and seamanship , he said -- and always in summer and never with any "  risky maneuvers . " Plates , glasses flying Tievoli testified that after the ship hit the rocks and alarms started blaring , he ran down to the restaurant to check the situation . He found a scene of chaos -- terrified passengers , with plates , food and glasses on the floor as the ship listed . The maitre d' told the court he left panicked elderly passengers in safe places where they would n't be hit by flying plates . He heard a message from the loudspeakers that the ship was suffering a blackout but did not hear the coded message for crew members only to prepare for emergency , Tievoli said . Once the general alarm was sounded , he and other crew members started preparing lifeboats so those on board could abandon ship , he said . He described lifting a man on crutches onto his back to carry him to safety . Questioned by the defense , the maitre d' said he 'd crawled down a ladder to jump on the roof of a lifeboat on the ship 's upright side . Tievoli said he met the island 's deputy mayor climbing onto the ship to save passengers , which could undermine Schettino 's argument that he could not get back on board after "  falling " into the lifeboat . Hero or villain ? The trial is expected to last through the fall with a string of witnesses , including passengers , crew members and islanders , who say they saw the captain on shore looking for dry socks before all the passengers had been safely evacuated . Schettino argues that he is a hero who saved the lives of more than 4,000 people , not a villain whose negligence led to the deaths of 32 . His defense is trying to prove , among other things , that the ship 's watertight doors did not function properly , and that is the reason the ship sank , leading to all 32 deaths during evacuation . The captain also has told the court that the ship would not have crashed had his helmsman turned it in the direction that Schettino told him to 13 seconds before impact . The helmsman , Jacob Rusli Bin , and four others were convicted in a plea deal in July for their role in the disaster . A Florence court is considering the validity of those plea bargain agreements . CNN 's Hada Messia and journalist Barbie Latza Nadeau reported from Rome . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Prosecution witnesses describe chaos aboard the Costa Concordia after it hit rocks Crew member Ciro Onorato says he was disappointed by captain 's handling of crisis Ship 's head waiter says the captain invited him to the bridge to see Giglio Island close-up Capt. Francesco Schettino is accused of manslaughter ; he says his actions saved lives
CNN  -- A 10-month-old Indiana boy born with a fatal genetic disorder died Sunday at a North Carolina hospital where he had gone in hope of receiving a potentially life-saving organ transplant , his parents said in a Facebook post . Seth Petreikis , after having open heart surgery when he was about 2 1/2 weeks old , was diagnosed with complete DiGeorge syndrome , a rare disease that left him with no immune system . However , it was not Seth 's heart or the complete DiGeorge syndrome that ultimately caused his death , his mother said in the same Facebook post . Baby Seth died from complications resulting from a problem with his airway . Seth went to Duke University Hospital to receive a thymus transplant . The procedure was pioneered by Duke 's Dr. M. Louise Markert , the only doctor at the only hospital in the United States that performs the surgery . Seth 's condition resulted from the absence of a thymus gland , which produces T cells , a type of white blood cell that helps protect the body from infection , Markert told HLN in a television interview in December . Without T cells , Seth had no way to fight infections , Markert explained . Sixty infants with complete DiGeorge syndrome have received transplants and 43 , or 72 % , survived , according to Duke University Hospital . But Seth 's family hit a roadblock when coverage for the transplant was denied by MDwise , an Indiana Medicaid administrator that was their insurer , because the surgery was considered experimental . The cost of the surgery was an estimated $ 500,000 , which Seth 's parents told CNN they could not afford . Seth 's plight became the focus of many media reports . MDwise eventually reversed its decision and agreed to cover the transplant . "  Based on Seth 's unique and compelling story , we believe making a compassionate allowance in this case is appropriate , " said Caroline Carney Doebbeling , MDwise chief medical officer , in a press release issued after the reversal of its decision . But last week , doctors determined Seth had a severe tracheomalacia , meaning his airway was so floppy it could not sustain itself . Seth would have needed to be on ventilation for years , and he would not have been eligible for the thymus transplant during that time because of the ventilation . It would have been impossible for Seth to stay free of infections and viruses for those years , Seth 's mother , Becky Petreikis , explained on the Facebook page . "  Pray for Seth Petreikis . " "  He was such a little fighter . It was an honor to be his mom for 10 months , " she wrote . Seth 's funeral will be Saturday morning in Crown Point , Indiana .	Baby Seth went to a North Carolina hospital in hope of an organ transplant He became the focus of media reports when a Medicaid provider denied coverage Coverage was granted , but another complication prevented the surgery "  He was such a little fighter , " his mother says
New York  CNN  -- Gov. David A. Paterson commuted the prison sentence Thursday of a man convicted of killing an unarmed teenage boy during a racially charged confrontation , officials said . John White was convicted of second-degree manslaughter and third-degree criminal possession of a weapon in the shooting death of 17-year-old Daniel Cicciaro and was sentenced to up to four years in prison . "  It 's a blessed day , it truly is , " White told CNN affiliate WPIX . "  I want to thank my savior , the Lord Jesus Christ . I also want to thank the governor for making this happen today . " He had served approximately five months in prison before Paterson allowed his release on Thursday , according to Suffolk County District Attorney Thomas J. Spota . Paterson said in a written statement : "  My decision today may be an affront to some and a joy to others , but my objective is only to seek to ameliorate the profound suffering that occurred as a result of this tragic event . " But the move was criticized by prosecutors who helped put White behind bars . "  I strongly believe the governor should have had the decency and the compassion to at least contact the victim 's family to allow them to be heard before commuting the defendant 's sentence , " said Spota , whose office prosecuted White . The shooting occurred in August 2006 in the Long Island town of Miller Place , after a group of teenagers went to White 's home over a dispute with his 19-year-old son . White , who is African-American , said that he was protecting his family from a white lynch mob and the gun discharged accidentally . Prosecutors said White should have called police instead of deliberately choosing to confront Cicciaro and a group of his friends with a .32 - caliber Beretta . Police said the incident started with an internet prank sent by another person from the MySpace page of White 's 20-year-old son .	NEW : John White says of his sentence being commuted : "  It 's a blessed day " Gov. Paterson said he wanted to lessen the suffering after "  this tragic event " John White shot Daniel Cicciaro in 2006 during an altercation at his home The shooting stemmed from a dispute between White 's son and a group of white youths
Near the Israel-Gaza border  CNN  -- Hopes were briefly raised then dashed Tuesday for an imminent calm between Israel and Hamas as diplomats fervently sought a way to stop the deadly violence . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived in the region , where she met for more than two hours with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . She is expected to meet later with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy , who is working to broker a cease-fire . Gaza is run by Hamas , which the United States and other countries consider a terrorist organization . Clinton offered Israel the support of the United States and expressed hope for a lasting solution as she spoke to reporters alongside Netanyahu at the prime minister 's office in Jerusalem . She thanked Egypt and especially Morsy for their efforts . Hillary Clinton 's farewell tour takes detour "  President Obama asked me to come to Israel with a very clear message . America 's commitment to Israel 's security is rock solid and unwavering . That is why we believe it is essential to de-escalate the situation in Gaza , " she said . "  The goal must be a durable outcome that promotes regional stability and advances the security and legitimate aspirations of Israelis and Palestinians alike . " Tuesday marked the seventh day of deadly violence that that has turned life into a nightmare for millions in Israel and Gaza . Rockets rained as the death toll continued to climb . There was a moment when it looked like the attacks might stop . A senior Hamas official told CNN a "  calming down " would be announced at 9 p.m. local time  2 p.m. ET  . But that did not happen . Opinion : How this could be the last Gaza war Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri later said that Israel had not agreed to terms that would stop the fighting . Similarly , Egypt 's Morsy said the "  travesty of the Israel aggression on Gaza will end in a few hours . " But a few hours passed , and Morsy 's office told CNN not to expect any announcement Tuesday night . A "  calming down " could halt violence , but it is not the same as an official cease-fire or truce . Israel has said it wants a cease-fire agreement but has not indicated whether one could be imminent . "  Obviously , no country can tolerate a wanton attack on its civilians , " said Netanyahu , standing beside Clinton . "  Now , if there is a possibility of achieving a long-term solution to this problem through diplomatic means , we prefer that . But if not , I 'm sure you understand that Israel will have to take whatever actions necessary to defend its people . " Netanyahu accused "  terrorist enemies " of "  doing everything in their power to maximize the number of civilian casualties . " According to the Gaza Ministry of Health , 27 people were killed Tuesday , including children , and 137 Palestinians have been killed since the latest hostilities erupted . More than 1,100 people were injured . It 's not clear how many of the victims were militants . Five people have been killed in Israel , according to Israel 's Soroka Hospital . More than 70 have been injured , including soldiers , Israeli officials have said . The death toll in Israel moved from three to four early Tuesday when an 18-year-old soldier was killed in a rocket attack in the town of Eshkol , officials said . It climbed from four to five , according to the hospital , when a 30-year-old Bedouin was killed . Israel said it was holding off on a ground offensive into Gaza to give diplomatic efforts time . Those efforts include talks with Clinton and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . A source familiar with discussions in Jerusalem told CNN , "  One of the Israeli demands is that there should be a period of total calm for 24 hours before committing to any agreement . " How this conflict reignited Israeli spokesman Mark Regev told CNN , "  Diplomacy is still ongoing . " "  It 's in the hands now of the Israelis , " Osama Hamdan , Hamas spokesman in Beirut , told CNN earlier by phone . " ... I think the Egyptians are waiting for some support , promised support , from the United States in order to make an end for that . So we expect to have an outcome of this issue today as President Morsy has said . " That "  expected " outcome did n't arrive . Speaking early Wednesday , Hamdan said he believes Hamas and Israel are close to a cease-fire agreement . "  I can say that we are close , and we are on the edge . It may happen , and it may not , " he said . Later , Hamdan added , "  I believe there is a good chance to have a cease-fire , which can fulfill the needs of both sides . " A timeline of the Israel-Gaza conflict Regev said Israel is not interested in a "  time out , " allowing Hamas to regroup after Israeli strikes have done damage . "  We want a new reality " in which Israelis do n't live under rocket fire from Hamas , he said . To succeed , negotiations have to be done "  discreetly , " he said . Hamdan said Hamas ' actions have been "  a good lesson for the Israeli government . It 's not good to attack the Palestinians , expecting that they will not react against the attack . " Asked whether Hamas would accept Israel 's right to exist , Hamdan said the Palestinian people would not consider it without an end to occupation . Smuggling weapons to Gaza -- the long way The onslaught of rockets fired Tuesday into Israel continued to be met by Israeli strikes on sites in Gaza . Attacks included one aimed at Jerusalem , one that caused casualties in the southern town of Beer Sheva , and one that injured five Israeli soldiers . Another rocket hit a civilian building in Rishon LeZion , part of metropolitan Tel Aviv , Israel Defense Forces spokeswoman Avital Leibovich said . Netanyahu , at a news conference with Ban , said Israel was fighting back with "  surgical operations against terrorists at a time when our own population is being bombarded by rocket attacks . " "  If we hope to make these tactics illegitimate , they should be condemned in the most forceful terms by all responsible members of the international community , " he said . "  The moment we draw symmetry between the victims of terror and the unintended casualties that result from legitimate military action against the terrorists , the minute that false symmetry is drawn , the terrorists win . " In Israel , Iron Dome ca n't keep the fear away Speaking later at a news conference with Israeli President Shimon Peres , Ban urged diplomacy and said further escalation would put the region at risk . "  The world is concerned , gravely concerned , at the rising loss of human lives . Further escalation would be dangerous and tragic for Palestinians and Israelis and would put the entire region at risk . I am here to appeal to all to halt fire and restore calm immediately , " he said . "  Further escalation benefits no one . Now is the time for diplomacy . " Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat said Ban was among those who had to take cover when sirens sounded in Jerusalem , warning of an incoming rocket . Military officials said the rocket landed in an open area of a village . Other violence Tuesday included 11 Hamas rockets that hit the Israeli city of Beer Sheva , causing casualties . More than 30 rockets were fired into the area , but most were destroyed by Israel 's Iron Dome interceptors . In Tel Aviv , a man with an ax attacked a U.S. Embassy security guard , Israeli police said . The attacker , who also had a knife , was arrested , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . In Gaza , too young to understand but not to die The IDF again dropped leaflets across parts of Gaza warning residents to evacuate their homes and go to central Gaza City . The leaflets told them which way to go and what part of the city to stay in once they arrived . The leaflets are part of Israel 's efforts to minimize civilian casualties , Israeli officials say . As a CNN crew was getting video of families fleeing an area in Gaza , an explosion shook the windows of a school , CNN 's Arwa Damon reported . The target was a vehicle around the corner , and the strike killed two people , she said . Another Israeli airstrike hit a building that houses the local offices of Agence France-Presse in Gaza City . No one from the agency was injured , according to AFP . Also in Gaza , CNN saw a group of men drag the body of a man through streets from the back of a motorcycle . The men , who carried weapons , yelled in Arabic that he was a traitor and Israeli spy . Gaza has endured a crippling economic embargo since Hamas won control of the territory from the Fatah-led Palestinian Authority after a landslide 2007 election that was followed by intra-Palestinian clashes . Many Arab and Muslim nations view Hamas as the victim of Israeli aggression . Diplomats hope to avoid a repeat of 2008-2009 , when at least 1,400 people died when Israeli troops invaded Gaza after a similar spate of rocket attacks . CNN 's Dana Ford , Josh Levs , Arwa Damon , Ben Wedeman , Christiane Amanpour , Holly Yan , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy , Saad Abedine , Sara Sidner , Frederik Pleitgen , Kareem Khadder , Reza Sayah and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Hamas spokesman on the possibility of a cease-fire : "  I believe there is a good chance " A building housing the offices of Agence France-Presse in Gaza City is hit U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton calls for de-escalation Palestinian officials say 137 people are dead ; five are reported killed in Israel
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has banned dishes containing delicacies like shark fin and and bird 's nest from official banquets as part of a government crackdown on official extravagance . Chinese authorities published new regulations that "  explicitly ruled out dishes containing shark fins , bird nests and wild animal products in official reception dinners , " the official Xinhua news agency reported on Sunday . Xinhua also said that cigarettes and up-market liquors are not allowed to be served at official dinners and officials below provincial level should not stay in hotel suites on business trips . The new rules aim to "  regulate the use of public funding on receptions , " Xinhua added . President Xi Jinping has made tackling official corruption a priority since taking power earlier this year . In September , the government announced that officials would not be able to use public money to send mooncakes as gifts - a traditional part of China 's Mid Autumn Festival celebrations . Some hotels in Hong Kong and China have also removed shark 's fin soup from their menus and airlines like , Cathay Pacific , have banned the product from cargo holds . Up to 73 million sharks are estimated to be killed each year , according to a 2006 academic study quoted on the website of campaign group Hong Kong Shark Foundation . Their carcasses are usually discarded and campaigners say the practice is wasteful and cruel . Shark 's fin soup is widely served in restaurants in Chinese communities worldwide and is a dish often served at weddings to mark the importance of the occasion and impress the couple 's extended families and friends . Shark fins off the menu at top hotel	China bans serving of shark fin and bird 's nest soup at official banquets Part of government crackdown on official extravagance Ban also includes the serving of cigarettes and up-market liquors
CNN  -- Tributes have been flooding in following the sudden death of Spanish Primera Liga side Espanyol 's captain Daniel Jarque at the age of 26 on Saturday night . Espanyol fans have begun a memorial for captain Daniel Jarque following his sudden death on Saturday . Jarque passed away around 8pm local time when his heart stopped following a training session in Coverciano , Italy , where the squad are on a pre-season camp . Reports suggest Jarque was on the phone to his fiancee -- who is eight months pregnant -- at the time and she alerted two of his team-mates , who raced to his hotel room . Club doctors and Italian paramedics tried to revive Jarque , a product of the Espanyol youth system , but without success . Most Spanish clubs immediately expressed their condolences and leading footballing personalities have now done the same . Speaking on the official Real Madrid Web site , club captain Raul said : "  As captain , and on behalf of the whole Real Madrid team , I want to express our sincere condolences . "  We will support the player 's family and the Espanyol family in any way possible during this very difficult time for everybody . "  He was a great professional and sportsman and this has left us all very hurt . We offer our most sincere sympathies , " added Raul . Jarque 's death comes two years after that of Sevilla and Spain defender Antonio Puerta , who suffered multiple organ failure in hospital , three days after a cardiac arrest during a league match against Getafe . Madrid coach Manuel Pellegrini added : "  It is news that you wish was n't true . It 's terrible , it already happened a couple of years ago to Sevilla and the truth is these things have an impact . " Joan Laporta , president of European champions Barcelona -- Espanyol 's city rivals -- said on their official Web site : " "  We are very shocked by this tragic event . "  We are all in mourning and I wish to express in the name of FC Barcelona our heartfelt condolences to Espanyol on the painful loss of their captain Dani Jarque , and also to his family " . Jarque joined Espanyol at the age of 12 , making his debut in 2002 , and was handed the captaincy this summer . Fans have been flocking to Espanyol 's stadium since the news broke and have been in mourning outside gate 21 -- Jarque 's squad number . Former Espanyol coach Ramon Moya , who handed Jarque his debut against Rayo Vallecano , was deeply shocked . "  I feel like I have lost a son , " he told reporters . "  Jarque was a footballer , but he was also my friend . This situation is very difficult for a person . It was as if he was family . I knew him for many years . I gave him his debut and I shared many moments with him . It 's very difficult to explain how I feel at the moment . " Another former coach , Ernesto Valverde , insisted Jarque had never had any medical problems previously . "  After hearing the news I still have n't taken it in , " said the current Villarreal coach . "  He was a player who was super strong , super healthy and very important in the dressing room . We got goosebumps when we heard the news . He was a very strong person but life is like that and it gives you terrible surprises . " Espanyol , who had been due to play Bologna in a friendly match on Sunday , suspended their pre-season tour of Italy and have flown back to Barcelona .	Tributes are flooding in following the sudden death of Espanyol 's Daniel Jarque Jarque suffered a heart attack while in his hotel room during a club tour of Italy 26-year-old made his debut in 2002 and was given the captaincy this summer
CNN  -- This month , IME hosts a special edition from Istanbul that looks at the role of women in the Middle East at a time when they are defying stereotypes as never before . Fever pitch Turkish football can no longer be claimed as a male preserve . IME visits the world famous Fenerbahce club as they attempt to confront crowd violence by banning men and permitting only female supporters to an early season game . Acient Turkey 's Queen Mothers Also in Turkey , IME is granted rare TV access to the ancient harem at the Ottoman Topkapi Palace , taking a look back at some of the most famous Valide Sultans , or "  Queen Mothers , " who once wilded power at the Ottoman court and were patrons of architecture , leaving their mark on Istanbul 's skyline . Women 's rights in Egypt Rima Maktabi travels to Cairo to meet the renowned Egyptian author and feminist , Dr. Nawal Sadawi . Over the decades Sadawi has been imprisoned , censored , accused of blasphemy and faced numerous death threats . Now in her 80s , she remains a passionate activist and icon for women 's rights . Showcasing the art of Saudi women Rima also visits an art gallery to meet Lulwah Al-Homoud and Princess Reem Al-Faisal , two outspoken Saudi female artists who find themselves as the unlikely leaders of an initiative showcasing Saudi talent to the outside world . Rebuilding Iraq In Iraq meanwhile , IME meets two Baghdadi women -- one a human rights activist and the other a blogger -- facing the challenges of trying to rebuild their shattered country whilst making sure the key decisions are not left solely to the men .	A special edition of IME focusses on the women of the Middle East Rima Maktabi travels to Cairo to meet the renowned Egyptian author and feminist , Dr. Nawal Sadawi In Iraq meanwhile , IME meets two Baghdadi women helping to rebuild their country
CNN  -- David Frum 's recent op-ed on CNN.com exemplifies why Americans are becoming deaf to the critics of pot legalization . Their hyperbolic claims about the dangers of pot -- along with the realistic ones -- are being dismissed by a justifiably cynical public . Anti-marijuana propaganda is n't stopping the march toward national legalization , but the opposition is losing its voice as it screams about the falling sky . A majority of Americans favor full legalization , and they understand that recreational cannabis is not now and will never be legal for minors . They know better than to believe Frum 's prediction that "  half the states may soon allow the sale of marijuana to almost anybody determined to buy it " -- an assertion so broad as to imply that even children would be permitted to buy pot legally . This is simply not so . Americans are also informed enough to realize that medical marijuana is not a "  laughable fiction . " This week , I saw a longstanding patient with a rare , ultimately fatal neurological disorder that causes chronic , painful muscle spasms . For years , this patient has smoked marijuana to counteract this terrible symptom , and it works . With medicinal marijuana now legal in New Jersey , this patient is not convinced that she will be safe from federal prosecution if she goes through the state 's one operational dispensary , so she continues to purchase illegal , untaxed and potentially adulterated cannabis . While she is technically a criminal , she is neither laughable nor fictional . Those opposed to marijuana do raise important concerns that are often neglected in the movement toward legalization . Cannabis is indeed associated with low motivation and poor performance in minors . It may have subtle but long-term negative effects on young users and worsen the condition of some individuals vulnerable to psychosis . Smoking marijuana may be harmful to users ' lungs , although vaporizers have long been available as a safer alternative . Cannabis is habit forming in a small percentage of users . Marijuana intoxication impairs driving , though the risk is similar to that of drivers with a blood alcohol level of 0.05 % , which is well below the federally mandated legal limit of 0.08 % . So why ca n't the opposition discuss these problems realistically ? It 's simple : Because the only rational conclusion is that the dangers of pot are not sufficient to warrant its prohibition . Yet those who have an ideological opposition to legalization appear immune to reason . Interestingly , Frum is a moderate in the opposition camp , in that he favors reducing the penalties for marijuana use through decriminalization . But by maintaining pot 's nominal illegality , decriminalization denies our government the power to regulate and tax cannabis while removing obstacles to its consumption . Those who would limit the cannabis trade must make a choice between two Americas -- one that crushes the marijuana trade by any means necessary  as nothing less has worked  or one that regulates and taxes a "  soft " drug that millions of consenting American adults already consume medicinally as well as recreationally . Frum warns of the coming of "  Big Marijuana , " a term he quoted from legalization opponent Kevin Sabet . Frum and Sabet compare this hypothetical Leviathan to the alcohol and tobacco industries , both of which have been accused of marketing to minors and encouraging destructive consumption of their products by adults . I share this concern , which is why several of the 15 steps I proposed for the federal regulation of cannabis are designed to limit the power of the cannabis industry . Frum predicts that Big Marijuana will target "  young people and racial minorities " because "  secure and contented people do n't tend to be heavy consumers of psychoactive substances . " Setting aside the odd assumptions about who are insecure and discontent , minors and minorities could both benefit from legalization . It is our government , not Big Marijuana , that disproportionately targets racial minorities for prosecution of marijuana crimes , causing much more harm to those communities than cannabis itself ever could . And our prosecution of healthy adults for their relatively benign use of marijuana prevents the justice system from focusing on the diversion of pot to the young people we all want to protect . But in reality , we already have "  Big Marijuana " in the form of violent Mexican drug cartels and an underground economy in the 48 states where pot remains illegal . We currently live in a nation that does not regulate the ubiquitous , thriving cannabis trade . I want to raise my children in an America that does . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Nathan .	David Nathan : Most Americans favor full legalization of medical marijuana Nathan : While critics raise important concerns about pot , its dangers are exaggerated He says the arguments against pot are not sufficient to warrant its prohibition Nathan : I 'd rather live in a nation where cannabis and its trade is regulated than not
An associate of former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez pleaded not guilty Thursday to charges stemming from the killing of 27-year-old semipro football player Odin Lloyd . Ernest Wallace is charged with being an accessory after the fact in Lloyd 's slaying in an industrial park near Hernandez 's Massachusetts home . Wallace was ordered held on $ 500,000 bail , according to Bristol County District Attorney Sam Sutter 's Twitter feed . A full bail hearing is scheduled for September 26 , "  after the defense has had an opportunity to review the transcripts of the grand jury proceedings , " Wallace 's attorney , David Meier , told CNN . Prosecutors say Hernandez orchestrated Lloyd 's June 17 execution-style shooting . He has been charged with first-degree murder and has pleaded not guilty . Authorities have said that Hernandez , Wallace , and a third man , Carlos Ortiz , picked Lloyd up from his Boston apartment in a rental car shortly before his death . Surveillance cameras then captured the rental car leaving the crime scene and Hernandez carrying a gun as he returned to his home minutes later . He was with two other people . Lloyd was not among them .	Ernest Wallace pleads not guilty to charge linked to slaying of Odin Lloyd in June Authorities : Wallace , Aaron Hernandez and third man picked up Lloyd the night he was killed Ex-tight end Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder in Lloyd 's death
CNN Student News  -- May 12 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Japan • Libya • Greece Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Concerns about lost culture , a plan to cut college costs and a fearless flyer . That 's what 's ahead in today 's program . But we start with a tour of some international headlines . First Up : Two Months Later AZUZ : We begin in Japan , where the country paused for a moment of silence on Wednesday . It was exactly two months after a powerful earthquake struck off the Japanese coast . It was the largest quake to hit Japan in more than 100 years . And it caused a tsunami , a giant ocean wave , that rushed ashore . The impact on the Asian country was devastating . Nearly 15,000 people were killed . Another 10,000 are still missing . The quake and tsunami damaged several of Japan 's nuclear reactors . The worst was this one -- the Fukushima Daiichi plant . Engineers have spent two months trying to contain the crisis . Yesterday , the company that owns the Fukushima plant said there 's a new radiation leak from one of the reactors . They did n't know if the radioactive water was leaking into the sea . Japan is making some progress in its efforts to clean up and rebuild from the natural disasters . But it 's going to take a while , partly because the damage is so wide-spread . Around 130,000 people in Japan have nowhere to live . Temporary housing is going up , but slowly . Libya Civil War AZUZ : Next up , the north African nation of Libya . This is a country that 's in the middle of a civil war that started about a month before the Japan earthquake . On one side are the forces of Colonel Moammar Gadhafi , Libya 's leader for more than 40 years . On the other side , rebels who want Gadhafi out of power . Other countries are involved too . Forces from the U.S. , U.K. , France , and several others are part of a military coalition to protect Libya 's civilians . That group is led by NATO - the North Atlantic Treaty Organization . Yesterday , rebels were able to take control of the airport in the city of Misrata . That 's been a big battle-ground between the rebels and Gadhafi 's forces . Controlling the airport is important because it can provide access to humanitarian aid that 's trying to get into Libya . Greece Protests AZUZ : Finally , we 're going to cross the Mediterranean Sea and wind up in Greece , a country that 's facing some major economic struggles . People can invest their money in places all over the world . So when one country -- like Greece -- has problems , it can have a wide impact . Last year , the nation needed a financial bail-out and it got one from the European Union and International Monetary Fund . But part of the deal is that Greece has to find ways to cut its budget . And a lot of people are n't happy about some of the options being considered . Yesterday , about 20,000 of them marched through the capital Athens . Some of these protests turned violent . Police fired tear gas on the protesters . This is far from over , because there are rumors that Greece might need another bailout . Sound Check MAYOR CHUCK CARIKER , TUNICA , MISSISSIPPI : It is devastating . It 's painful to watch the slow rise of the water . We ca n't start the recovery and you ca n't start the healing process until the water goes down . And that 's the part that is painful . For their safety , for the safety of others , they are not allowed back in there . Impact of Flooding AZUZ : That was the mayor of Tunica , Mississippi . About 600 people in his community have been forced out of their homes as flood waters rush in . This flooding along the Mississippi River could affect people in ways you might not think about . For example , at the gas pump . Some of the largest refineries in the U.S. are located next to the river . There are concerns that those refineries might have to temporarily close as the flooding moves through . And that fear is already driving up the price of gas . The nationwide average went up more than a cent on Wednesday . This next report from Martin Savidge looks at another unexpected threat from the floods . The potential loss of a cultural connection . BEGIN VIDEO MARTIN SAVIDGE , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : Long before the Interstate Highway System , there was Highway 61 . It was an important north/south connection that stretched from Minnesota to Louisiana . But here 's why we 're back on Highway 61 today . For much of that distance , Highway 61 runs parallel to the Mississippi River . In fact , it 's one of the reasons it 's also known as the Great River Road . Historian Judy Peiser says the road , like the river , transformed life . JUDY PEISER , CENTER FOR SOUTHERN FOLKLORE : It brings trade , travel , transportation . Same thing with Highway 61 . SAVIDGE : From the 1920s to the 1950s , this was a migratory route for African Americans leaving the Deep South looking for better economic opportunity in the North . BLIND MISSISSIPPI MORRIS , BLUES MUSICIAN : 61 is kind of like the underground railroad of the South for the poor sharecropper fellow looking for a better way of life . SAVIDGE : A lot of culture came with them up the river and up this highway . Jazz came up Highway 61 . Highway 61 is how the blues ended up on Beale Street . BRAD WEBB , BLUES MUSICIAN : 61 leads straight to Beale Street . SAVIDGE : And that 's no accident ? WEBB : That 's no accident . I 'm sure . PEISER : It was a highway of business , it was a highway of education , it was a highway of getting your doctorate , it was a highway of music , it was a highway of life . And it 's part of our soul in this region . SAVIDGE : But now the historic levels of the Mississippi River are threatening life along Highway 61 . In town after town , from Memphis to New Orleans , people wait to see what the water will bring down the road . Martin Savidge , CNN , Memphis . END VIDEO Shoutout CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! B.A. , J.D. , and M.Ed . are all types of what ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Are they : A  Sports leagues , B  Government agencies , C  Academic degrees or D  Horse breeds ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! These are academic degrees : Bachelor of Arts , Juris Doctor , and Master of Education . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Faster and Cheaper ? AZUZ : A B.A. is one of the most common degrees offered by colleges and most people spend four or five years earning it . But with tuition prices going up , that means more money for every year you 're in school . Tom Foreman looks at a program that cuts the costs and the time . BEGIN VIDEO TOM FOREMAN , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : A bachelor 's degree at the University of North Carolina Greensboro is a bargain , just over $ 11,000 a year for in-state students . But a handful here are now getting an even bigger break : working toward a degree in three years , not the usual four . Elyssa Tucker , who wants to be a psychiatrist , is one of them . Were you more interested in the economic benefit or the shorter time in school ? ELYSSA TUCKER , UNIVERSITY OF NORTH CAROLINA GREENSBORO STUDENT : For me personally , it was more of the shorter time in school because I do want to go to med school so , really , time is of the essence . I would rather get it done faster than trying to take my time and drag it out forever . My parents , economically , they 're like , yes , this is a gold mine , do it . You are in this . FOREMAN : A small but growing number of schools are tackling soaring tuitions by offering a three-year option . While some educators worry that it short circuits the college experience , proponents like Steve Roberson say hundreds of students here come from well below the poverty line . STEVE ROBERSON , DEAN OF UNDERGRADUATE STUDIES , UNIVERSITY OF NORTH CAROLINA GREENSBORO : The notion of a college degree that it 's affordability is just extraordinarily frightening for most families . FOREMAN : To join the plan , students must arrive with 12 hours of college level courses completed in high school or elsewhere . They must know their major and they must take on a heavy course load . But the savings : ROBERSON : We estimate this will save students around $ 8,000 . FOREMAN : $ 8,000 . ROBERSON : Almost $ 8,000 , which is about a fourth of a typical collegiate experience here . FOREMAN : It 's tough work . TUCKER : If you are not driven , this is not going to work for you . FOREMAN : But for those who are , it can mean a fast-track to even higher degrees , good jobs and less debt along the way . Tom Foreman , CNN , Greensboro , North Carolina . END VIDEO Don ' Fail Me AZUZ : "  Do n't Fail Me ! " It 's a new documentary from CNN that premieres this weekend . The program features the three students that you see here and it uses their stories to take a look at the overall U.S. education system . Check out "  Do n't Fail Me " when it airs this coming Sunday , May 15th at 8 P.M. Eastern and Pacific on CNN . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we 're gon na take a trip over the Grand Canyon . Looks like they 're installing a new part on our helicopter . Here we go . Uh , looks like you dropped something there , guys . Or someone . And he did n't drop , he fell ! Right before the after-burners kicked in on his personal jetpack ! This flight of fancy -- and air-show of awesome-ness -- lasted more than eight minutes . He was supposed to do the run one day earlier . Goodbye AZUZ : But he jettisoned that idea , saying he needed a practice run . It looks like he pulled it off without any problems , despite the gravity of the situation . Time for us to jet . When the next 23 hours and 50 minutes fly by , we 'll be back with more CNN Student News .	Examine the progress being made in Japan two months after deadly disasters Travel along an iconic U.S. highway that 's being threatened by flooding Learn about a program that cuts costs and time from the college experience Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As well as their potential for creating effective therapies for debilitating diseases , embryonic stem cells could open the door to improved pharmaceutical drug testing , according to a leading British stem cell researcher . Embryonic stem cells seen pictured through a microscope viewfinder in a laboratory . Speaking at a recent meeting of the British Pharmacological Society in Brighton , UK , Christine Mummery described how using embryonic stem cells to create human heart cells could be a viable and scientifically exciting alternative to animal testing . Mummery , a Professor of Developmental Biology at Leiden University Medical Center in The Netherlands told CNN : "  It could save a lot of time and effort of taking the wrong drugs through , or it may allow drugs through which are lost at an early stage , because they affect the animal cells but do n't have an effect on human cells . "  It may also allow more and better drugs to come through the first tests or flag up safety issues at an earlier stage . " Drug development is an incredibly expensive and protracted process . Typically , it costs around $ 1 billion to bring a new drug to market and the whole process usually takes about ten years . Before new drugs can go forward for clinical trials , it 's necessary for the chemical compounds which make up a drug to undergo thousands of tests for toxicity before beginning trials on animals -- initially on rodents and then often on dogs . It 's here , at this ethically sensitive stage , that Professor Mummery believes stem cell research could transform drug development . "  Many drugs are designed to affect the heart deliberately , controlling beats and rates of contraction , " said Mummery , who specializes in converting embryonic stem cells into cardiac and vascular cells . But , as she points out , plenty of drugs designed to treat other complaints can also have negative side effects on the heart -- the painkiller Vioxx being a notable example . "  It 's really important for the pharmaceutical industry to have proper test systems to pick those sorts of things up , " she said . Merck & Co withdrew Vioxx in 2004 because of concerns over increased risk of stroke and heart attacks . Lawsuits filed against the company have cost them billions of dollars and many litigants still await their day in court . Stem cell based drug testing is already being promoted in the UK with the public/private initiative "  Stem Cells for Safer Medicine " which was set up in 2007 . It 's something Mummery hopes will be replicated in other countries and particularly in the U.S. under President-elect Obama who is a proponent of stem cell research . A 2007 sabbatical at the Harvard Stem Cell Institute in Cambridge , Massachusetts gave Mummery first-hand experience of the ethical debates that have engulfed stem cell research debates in the U.S. . "  I was shocked at the light years we are away from the way people think about embryonic stem cells in the States , " she said . "  It 's very mixed up with the abortion issue . It 's put into the same category . " Public funding , or the lack of it , under President George W. Bush has also stymied research . "  What 's happened in the U.S. is that people have become very frustrated and a lot of private initiatives -- like the Harvard Stem Cell Institute -- were started up to circumvent the lack of National Institutes of Health  NIH  funding . NIH researchers are either left behind or have a huge administrative burden , " Mummery said . "  You go into a lab in the States and they say ; ` this is our NIH lab , and this is our other lab ' . They have to buy one microscope to look at NIH lines and another to look at other lines . They have to administer all the stem cells separately . There are even dotted lines in a lab which you can and can not cross . It 's completely ridiculous , " she said . Drug company interest in stem cell drug testing was demonstrated in July 2008 , when GlaxoSmithKline entered into a $ 25 million-plus agreement with the Harvard Stem Cell Institute . Commenting on the deal , Professor Patrick Vallance , Head of Drug Discovery at GSK said : "  GSK believes stem cell science has great potential to aid the discovery of new medicines by improving the screening , identification and development of new compounds . " Drug testing is an emotive subject not least because of animal testing . So how have anti-vivisectionists greeted the news ? Chief Executive at the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection  BUAV  , Michelle Thew told CNN : "  We have some concerns about the technology in general because it will still use animal cells and animals , but we are positive about things which may reduce the numbers of live animals in testing . " Clearly , the BUAV would like to do away with all animal testing altogether . Their obvious ethical objections , are backed up by questions about its efficacy . "  One of issues with drug development , " Thew said , "  is that animal testing is not very successful at getting drugs through the process because a lot of the tests are n't very predictive . They are also very expensive and time-consuming . " Even if stem cell drug testing does mark the beginning of the end for animal testing , the ethical vacuum is already being filled by another storm of controversy surrounding the use of embryonic stem cells . But , as Mummery points out , these objections will disappear should researchers from Japan and the U.S. continue to improve on early successes in creating stem cells from skin cells . Whatever the debate , the fact is at the moment , says Mummery , there are very few new drugs coming on to the market in the European Union . "  The drug companies are very nervous about the costs involved and the risks , " she said . "  If there was a reliable system to flag up issues they would be much more confident of taking drugs through to market . "	Leading UK stem cell expert calls for embryonic stem cells to be used to test drugs Using stem cells could reduce costs and flag up issues prior to clinical tests Hopes for better funding in U.S. boosted by support of President-elect Obama
CNN  -- "  Dancing With the Stars " is facing its biggest test this fall . The long-running ABC series has seen ratings tumble in recent seasons , and critics have taken aim at the show for being predictable and stale . As a result , "  Dancing " will air just one night a week this season . But the show continues to persevere , and hosts Tom Bergeron and Brooke Burke-Charvet unveiled the 17th season cast Wednesday morning on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " Based on the list alone , the celebrities appear to be an upgrade from previous seasons , but will it be enough to revive interest in the show ? Here are this season 's "  Dancing " celebrities : Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi -- The "  Jersey Shore " alum is now starring on MTV 's "  Snooki and JWow . " She hopes to do better than "  Shore " co-star Mike "  The Situation " Sorrentino , who finished ninth in season 11 . Keyshawn Johnson -- So if the former NFL wide receiver and current ESPN analyst wins it all , will he ask Bergeron to "  give him the d ** n ballroom " ? Valerie Harper -- The TV sitcom icon was diagnosed with a rare and lethal form of brain cancer but has said she is feeling much better , and doctors have told her there is "  less evidence of cancer " now . Brant Daugherty -- The actor played Noel Kahn on ABC Family 's "  Pretty Little Liars " and Patrick Clarke on Lifetime 's "  Army Wives . " Christina Milian -- The entertainer had a Top Five hit with 2004 's "  Dip It Low " and was "  social media correspondent " for NBC 's "  The Voice . " Bill Nye -- America 's favorite "  Science Guy " told The New York Times in 2008 that he was "  obsessed " with swing dancing , going out to the dance floor up to four nights a week . Elizabeth Berkley -- She danced like a high school student on TV 's "  Saved by the Bell , " then twirled around a pole  among other antics  for the film "  Showgirls . " Hopefully she 'll find a middle ground on "  Dancing With the Stars . " Corbin Bleu -- He danced up a storm as Chad Danforth in the "  High School Musical " trilogy and was recently seen as Jeffrey King in the online relaunch of the soap "  One Life to Live . " Amber Riley -- The actress announced this year that she would no longer be a regular on Fox 's "  Glee , " where she 's played Mercedes Jones since 2009 . Bill Engvall -- The "  Blue Collar " comic may have to give himself a sign if he exits early . Jack Osbourne -- The reality TV star hopes to do better than sister Kelly , who finished third way back in the ninth season . Leah Remini -- The actress briefly co-starred with fellow contestant Berkley on "  Saved by the Bell " during the "  Malibu Sands " era . Could we see a beach dance-off between the two ? The 17th season of "  Dancing With the Stars " premieres September 16 . Tell us what you think of the new cast by writing in the comments below .	"  Dancing With the Stars " has several surprising new cast members Actress Valerie Harper will compete despite a cancer diagnosis The show 's season premiere is September 16
CNN  -- So , it turns out that flirting at work really can get you ahead -- at least according to one study , which says that with no serious intentions , it can really pay off in negotiations . But would any woman use these tactics in the real world ? Should she ? We asked one successful entrepreneur , Victoria Pynchon , co-founder of She Negotiates Consulting , which helps women get better at asking for raises and promotions . Pynchon thinks it 's ok and , in fact , necessary . She told us why in this opinion piece : Why it 's ok for women to flirt at work . It got a huge response from CNN readers and on social media -- with strong opinions both for and against . Nearly 200 people took part in our quick vote and we found that there was an almost equal number who were ok with flirting at work and those who were n't . We also asked our friends at The Levo League , an online community for women in the first decade of their careers , to see what the next generation of professionals think . Below we 've collated a selection of the best comments from our users and The Levo League community . FOR ChrisMay : "  Whether anyone likes it or not , sex sells . And when a woman puts herself through school and gains competence , when she discovers that she is in an environment where her competence has taken a back seat to her bust size , then she is given a license to pull out the big guns ; it becomes a tool . If she abuses it , it can bite back . If she 's smart , she 'll strike a balance that sends the brainless male side spinning like a top as she climbs the corporate ladder . I see it every day . It 's an art form . You go girl . " Martina Lundardelli : "  It means we , as women , can be charming but in a positive way . Our attitude towards problems and life in general is charming . Since work is a part of our lives , we should just remain women . We still continue using our brains , our skills and our competitiveness , but with elegance and an attitude that is a feature of our gender . So yes , I do agree . " Lila Barton , 22 , on The Levo League : "  It 's no secret that women have a certain "  feminine charm . " Since the beginning of time , men have been captivated , confused , and absolutely in love with it . But when it comes to using this charm to get what you want , women have to be extremely careful ... Every woman understands when they cross the line between being warm and friendly to flirtatious . " Zac : "  Women will use their charms , not because its right or wrong , but because its a part of their toolset . As a guy , I think it 's unfair , but the world is an unfair place and I know that if I had the opportunity to juke the system to get what I want , I probably would . " AGAINST Guy : "  I worked with many women below , beside and above me , and the most successful and respected women managers were acting just like themselves and not trying to emulate men and never used charm or their beautify to manipulate the situations ... in some respects women have a natural tendency to be good managers , they can also endure hard work better than men and they have better abilities than men to talk themselves out of trouble . " Russell Conner : "  Sure they can  flirt at work  , and I can put them in the same category as butt-kissers and yes-men . I have followed , mentored , supported and even stepped aside for competent and talented women . Some of whom I never met in person , no ` female charms ' in play . If any of them had tried that , they would have lost my respect . " Maxie McCoy on The Levo League : "  I think it  is  a very slippery slope to view flirting as an asset to negotiation and getting what you want ... However , looking at female charm as a skillset that involves winning others over , being authentic , warm and personable is a relevant and useful conversation to have . " Yosisme : "  Is n't saying it 's ok to make vague sexual references  flattery/flirting  to co-workers to gain influence , sort of like saying it is ok to intimidate people to get what you want as long as you do n't follow through on the threat ? ... Both are using a vague promise of something to emotionally manipulate someone . Does it really matter if the false insinuation is sexual or violent ? I do n't condone either method . " What do you think ? Is it ok for women to use their feminine charms to improve their chances of success at work ? Tell us in the comments below .	Recent study found that women who flirt get a better deal CNN polled online community : Is flirting at work is acceptable . No : 57 % Yes : 43 % We 've curated some of the strongest comments for and against
CNN  -- Defending Wimbledon champion Novak Djokovic has been named as the top men 's seed for this year 's tournament , with French Open winner Maria Sharapova heading the women 's singles seedings . World number one Djokovic retains the top seeding at the All England Club despite his defeat to Rafael Nadal in the French Open final earlier this month . The Spaniard is seeded second ahead of six-time champion Roger Federer , who is seeking a first grand slam win since the 2010 Australian Open . Great Britain 's Andy Murray , a losing semifinalist for the last three years , is seeded fourth . However , the Scot 's preparations suffered a blow on Wednesday when he was beaten by Janko Tipsarevic at The Boodles exhibition tournament in Buckinghamshire . It was Murray 's second successive defeat on grass , following his surprise early exit from the Aegon Championships at Queen 's Club last week . France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who suffered an injury scare when he injured a finger at the Aegon Championships , is seeded fifth for Wimbledon . He will not be joined by fellow Frenchman Gael Monfils as the world number 15 has failed to recover from a knee injury in time for the championships . The Wimbledon women 's singles seedings reflect the current WTA Tour rankings , with world number one Sharapova selected top . She is followed by world number two Victoria Azarenka of Belarus and Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska , with reigning Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova seeded fourth . Australia 's Sam Stosur is the fifth seed , with four-time Wimbledon champion Serena Williams seeded sixth . Meanwhile , two-time Wimbledon champion Nadal was named as the flag carrier for Spain at the London 2012 Olympics on Wednesday . Sharapova and Djokovic were handed similar roles for Russia and Serbia respectively earlier this month .	Champion Novak Djokovic is top men 's seed for Wimbledon Serbian is ahead of Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer Fourth seed Andy Murray loses warmup match Maria Sharapova is top seed in women 's singles , with Serena Williams sixth
CNN  -- The Afghan government says armed individuals who may be U.S. special forces carried out acts of torture and murder , allegations that spurred it to demand that members of the elite American military units leave a key province west of Kabul . The U.S. military says it is investigating . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force must stop all special force operations out of Wardak province , an area west of the Afghan capital where the alleged horrors took place , Afghanistan 's National Security Council demanded . And all U.S. special forces must be gone from the province within two weeks . At a meeting of the council , led by President Hamid Karzai , "  it became clear that armed individuals named as U.S. special force stationed in Wardak province engage in harassing , annoying , torturing and even murdering innocent people , " Karzai 's office said in a statement . It did not indicate who "  named " the group a U.S. special force . Nine people "  disappeared in an operation by this suspicious force , " according to the president 's office . And in another incident , a student was taken from his home at night , and his "  tortured body with throat cut was found two days later under a bridge . " "  Such actions have caused local public resentment and hatred , " Karzai 's office said . It added that the United States rejects any suggestion that its special forces carried out any such operation . Afghan forces must protect people in the province "  by effectively stopping and bringing to justice any groups that enter peoples ' homes in the name of special force and who engage in annoying , harassing and murdering innocent people , " the statement said . "  We take all allegations of misconduct seriously and go to great lengths to determine the facts surrounding them , " U.S. Forces-Afghanistan and the International Security Assistance Force said in a statement . Until military officials speak with Afghan officials about the issue , "  we are not in a position to comment further , " the statement added . "  This is an important issue that we intend to fully discuss with our Afghan counterparts . " Last April , the United States and Afghanistan signed a deal giving Afghan authorities an effective veto over controversial special forces missions . The agreement prevents ISAF from conducting such operations without the explicit permission of Afghan officials , said a senior NATO official . And special operations forces will operate under Afghan law , said a statement from Karzai 's office . The complex system fully "  Afghanized " such operations , putting Afghan commandos in the lead and giving American special forces a "  training and support role , " a senior Afghan official said . Under the deal , U.S. special forces would be on the ground but would not enter the home of an Afghan unless specifically asked to do so by the Afghan commandos leading the operation , or by other Afghan officials , according to a senior NATO official . This pact followed months of recriminations against special operations raids , particularly at night , that have deeply offended some Afghans angry about foreigners entering their homes . U.S. officials have said such raids are vital to NATO 's operation against insurgents . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Barbara Starr and Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Such actions have caused local public resentment and hatred , " Karzai 's office says An armed group is torturing and killing innocent people , Afghanistan 's government says The group is "  named as " U.S. special forces , according to the Afghan president 's office The U.S. military says it is investigating
CNN  -- The United States warned the Indian government about a potential maritime attack against Mumbai at least a month before last week 's massacre in the country 's financial capital left nearly 180 dead , a U.S. counterterrorism official told CNN . Onlookers in Mumbai read messages posted outside the Oberoi Hotel , scene of one of the attacks . U.S. intelligence indicated that a group might enter the country by water and launch an attack on Mumbai , said the source , who refused to be identified due to the ongoing investigation into the attacks and the sensitivity of the information . Indian security forces have confirmed to CNN that not only did U.S. officials warn them of a water-borne attack in Mumbai -- they were told twice . The area entered a higher state of alert for a week , including tightened security measures at hotels , but those efforts were eventually reduced , Indian officials said . Local fisherman in Mumbai said they witnessed a group of gunmen dock their boat Wednesday night , before heading toward the busy causeway . Also , sources have told CNN-IBN that officials found phones and a global navigational device on an abandoned boat floating off the coast of Mumbai . The boat had been hijacked , intelligence officials told CNN-IBN . Watch Nic Robertson 's report about U.S. warning Four crew members who had been on board were missing . The captain was found dead , lying face down with his hands bound behind his back . India has made clear that it believes last week 's coordinated attacks in Mumbai originated in Pakistan , but the Indian government is under pressure to explain the lapse of security that allowed the siege to occur . Indian police say 179 people were killed in the attacks on 10 targets in Mumbai . Most of the deaths occurred at the city 's top two hotels , the Oberoi and the Taj Mahal . Watch report about nanny saving infant Pakistani authorities say Islamabad has not received any evidence that militants from within its borders carried out the attacks , but have vowed to fully cooperate in the investigation . Suspicion has fallen on Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a Pakistan-based terror group allied with al Qaeda , even though it has denied responsibility . Watch how attacks could damage relations " Pakistan banned the group in 2002 after an attack on India 's parliament that brought the two countries to the brink of war . Indian security forces say they arrested a member of the group in February , noting that the man was casing Mumbai for an attack . U.S. counterterrorism officials continue to say signs are pointing to Lashkar-e-Tayyiba and they have n't seen anything to rule it out . However , they will not definitively say the group is responsible . A team of FBI agents is in Mumbai to assist in the investigation , and U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is heading to New Delhi on Wednesday to try to ease strained relations between the nuclear neighbors . Watch Pakistan 's PM say his country will defuse tensions " At the center of India 's investigation is the lone suspect in police custody , who Indian authorities say is Pakistani and trained by Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . Indian officials have identified the suspect as a clean-shaven young man who was photographed during the attack on Mumbai 's Victoria Terminus train station . One of the still images shows him walking with one arm outstretched and a gun in his other hand , lowered by his side . He is wearing a black T-shirt , cargo pants and a backpack . Watch Anderson Cooper talk with Fareed Zakaria about the attacks " Indian police say the other nine attackers were killed in three days of battles with police and the Indian military . CNN 's Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	U.S. warned India about potential Mumbai attack , source says Attacks that killed 179 people have strained India-Pakistan relations Suspect is from Pakistan , Indian authorities say Pakistan PM rejects accusations his country had role in Mumbai massacre
CNN  -- Passengers on an American Eagle flight arriving at Chicago 's O'Hare airport got an unexpected jolt Wednesday when the right wing of a Boeing 747 cargo plane taxiing for departure clipped the tail of the commuter plane . None of the 18 passengers and three crew members was injured , an American Eagle spokeswoman said . American Eagle Flight 4265 , an Embraer-140 , had just arrived from Springfield , Missouri , and was taxiing to the gate when the incident occurred around 1 p.m. . The 747 cargo plane involved in the collision , operated by EVA Airways , was heading to Anchorage , Alaska . All passengers got off the smaller plane while officials inspected the damage to both , according to American Eagle spokeswoman Mary Frances Fagan . O'Hare airport is the sixth busiest passenger airport in the world , according to the latest data available from Airport Council International , a trade organization representing airports . The Chicago Tribune reported last year that federal officials launched an investigation focused on O'Hare airport after numerous mistakes made by air traffic controllers . The paper said the majority of errors involved failing to keep proper distance between planes on the ground and in the air . CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	A Boeing 747 's wing clips the tail of a much smaller Embraer-140 The smaller plane carried 18 passengers ; the larger one was a cargo jet No one was injured
New York  CNN  -- When President George H.W. Bush signed the Americans with Disabilities Act on July 26 , 1990 , he addressed concerns the sweeping civil rights law would be " too vague or costly , or may lead endlessly to litigation . " Bush tried to reassure Americans his administration and Congress were " committed to containing the costs that may be incurred . " Borrowing from President Reagan 's Berlin Wall speech from a few years earlier , Bush said , " Let the shameful wall of exclusion finally come tumbling down . " Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa , an original sponsor of the legislation , introduced a resolution last week saluting the people who helped bring the Americans with Disabilities Act into law . "  Twenty years ago , we heard testimony from Americans who had to crawl on their hands and knees to go up a flight of stairs ; who could n't ride on a bus because there was n't a lift ; who could n't even cross the street in their wheelchairs because there were no curb cuts , " the resolution said . "  The ADA has broken down barriers , created opportunities and transformed lives . " Amazing success fueled by act of discrimination But the sweeping law , which regulates employment practices , federal and local programs , transportation , public accommodations and commercial facilities , remains a ripe source of news , legal action and popular debate . Pressured by court rulings , settlements or conscience , organizations and companies big and small regularly make modest or multimillion dollar changes to their buildings and business practices . In the past week , Los Angeles International Airport said it installed five grassy " relief stations " for travelers with guide dogs . The facilities include bowls and fake fire hydrants . In Virginia , The Mount Vernon Ladies Association of the Union , which owns and maintains George Washington 's estate , promised the Justice Department it will modify Mount Vernon 's main walkway , build a less steep entry ramp and make exhibitions more useful to deaf , hard of hearing , blind and low-vision visitors . In the same week , the department also said Blockbuster will train employees to ensure people with service animals have full and equal access to its more than 3,000 stores . As the anniversary approached , an internet chat board sampling turned up countless positive comments but also many critical ones . " ADA laws have been interpreted , reinterpreted and misinterpreted so many times that unfortunately nobody has a final answer until you end up in court , " one posting complained . On plumbingzone.com , a forum for plumbers , a comment poked fun at requirements for urinal heights in public restrooms , saying , " Listen , a handicapped person ai n't gon na use a urinal to begin with . " On another site , a post by a self-described business owner says , "  I spent thousands of dollars complying with the ADA laws . I then get a letter in the mail from someone that is disabled that came into my establishment notifying me of all my violations . " " One was that the toilet paper dispenser in the restroom was three inches off the required ADA position , " the posting said . "  What disabled person goes around with a tape measure ? I could smell a lawsuit and immediately fixed all the minor items . " " While I understand the idea behind the law , it is definitely not being used as it was intended . " According to the Census Bureau , 54 million Americans have a disability . That 's almost one in five people . More than three million 15 years or older use a wheelchair . To coincide with the anniversary of the act , the Vehicle Production Group , a Florida-based specialty automaker , announced the MV-1 , which it calls the first entirely wheelchair-accessible vehicle . Slated to sell for about $ 40,000 at base price , the minivan " features a deployable access ramp with a 1,200-pound weight capacity , a spacious 36-inch entryway and a roomy interior that seats up to six people comfortably , " the company 's news release said .	Disabilities law marks 20th anniversary Monday ; it 's criticized for its cost , litigation It 's credited with smashing barriers , creating opportunities , transforming lives Web chat boards poke fun at required Americans with Disabilities Act projects One in five Americans are disabled ; more than three million 15 or older use wheelchairs
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Shell-shocked and scarred both inside and out , they huddle in tents , water and medicine in short supply -- hundreds of thousands of people , civilian victims of Sri Lanka 's recently-ended civil war . Displaced Sri Lankan people look out from inside a camp in Cheddikulam . "  We suffered a lot because shelling was coming from everywhere , " said a 38-year-old man identifying himself as Vishwamala . "  Firing , shelling -- many , many people have died ... there was nobody there to carry the dead . A lot of dead were left on the road . " Another survivor , Krisha Duray , recalls "  running and running " to escape shelling by both the Sri Lankan military and the Tamil Tiger rebels , who waged a bloody 25-year war . United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on Saturday visited refugee camps housing such victims . "  I have traveled around the world and visited similar places , but this is by far the most appalling scenes I have seen , " he said . Ban requested that the United Nations be provided full access to the displacement camps in order to provide aid . In a joint statement issued Saturday , Ban and Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa said the United Nations will continue to provide humanitarian assistance to displaced persons , and that the government will continue to provide access to humanitarian agencies . That access , however , is limited . The United Nations and other organizations have never had full access , as government officials fear some remaining Tamil Tiger rebels may be hiding in the camps and are screening those inside . Watch the U.N. chief discuss the humanitarian crisis " Sri Lanka 's Sunday Times newspaper reported that attempts to smuggle youths out of the camps has prompted the government to impose restrictions on visits . Rajiva Wijesinha , the nation 's human rights ministry secretary , was quoted as telling the newspaper that people "  with the connivance of Non-Governmental Organization workers " were involved in the plot . Because of the plot , "  a thorough screening of IDPs was under way , " the newspaper said . "  I have United Nations humanitarian agencies , and there are ICRC  International Committee of the Red Cross  and many other international humanitarian agency workers , " Ban said in a Saturday news conference , according to a transcript . "  They should be given unimpeded access and freedom of movement within the camp . That is what I have asked the foreign minister and the president  for  , and I was assured that the leaders of the Sri Lankan government will make sure  of this  . " Sri Lanka 's government as of Sunday had not responded to Ban 's appeal . But the joint statement Saturday said , "  The government will expedite the necessary basic and civil infrastructure as well as  the  means of livelihood necessary for the IDPs to resume their normal lives at the earliest . "  The Secretary-General welcomed the announcement by the government expressing its intention to dismantle the welfare villages at the earliest as outlined in the plan to resettle the bulk of IDPs and call for its early implementation . " Ban toured Manik Farm , a sprawling camp for internally displaced people in the country 's north , days after Sri Lanka declared victory in a 25-year civil war against the Tamil Tigers rebels . About 250,000 to 300,000 people are refugees in the country , according to humanitarian groups and U.N. figures . Some in the camp have experienced fierce fighting in recent months , saying that at moments they did not believe they were going to survive . Asked whether he agrees with the military 's assertions that not many civilians died in the violence , Ban told CNN he believes there were many civilian casualties . While the war 's end elicited celebrations in parts of the country , humanitarian groups and the United Nations worry about those uprooted by the fighting . Ban arrived in the South Asian island nation Friday , saying he came to offer help and partnership . "  I hope my visit today can help begin a process of national recovery , renewal and reconciliation for all Sri Lankans , " Ban said in a written statement issued Friday . "  That is why I am here . " He said he would urge the government to expedite the screening and processing of refugees and ensure that displaced camps have adequate supplies of food , medicine and water . With the war 's end , "  the government of Sri Lanka faces many immediate and long-term challenges relating to issues of relief , rehabilitation , resettlement and reconciliation , " the joint statement said . Ban also flew to the site of the civil war 's final battle , near Mullaitivu . CNN 's Iqbal Athas in Colombo , Sri Lanka , and CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	Ban Ki-moon says camp contains "  the most appalling scenes I have seen " Ban asks president to grant unrestricted access to humanitarian agencies About 250,000 to 300,000 people are refugees in the country , aid agencies say Sri Lankan government has declared victory in the country 's 25-year civil war
CNN  -- Suspected militants armed with rocket-propelled grenades killed at least 25 Egyptian soldiers in the border city of Rafah , state-run Nile TV reported Monday . Rafah , on the border between Egypt and Gaza , is the site of a key border crossing . In response to the attack , Egypt closed the crossing . The assailants struck two buses carrying security forces in the Sinai Peninsula . At least two other soldiers were injured , Nile TV said . The Sinai Peninsula is a lawless area that was the site of frequent attacks even before Egypt 's latest round of turmoil . In the past week , about 900 people have been killed -- mostly in Cairo -- after supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy clashed with the military-backed interim government . Both sides blame each other for starting the violence . Many of the Morsy loyalists are supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood . The Islamist group condemned the attack on Egyptian soldiers . "  Our peaceful protests  are  stronger than any weapon , and we do n't accept any violence , " said Murad Mohamad Ali , media adviser to the Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party . In May , seven Egyptian solders were kidnapped and held for six days in the Sinai Peninsula , a spokesman for Egypt 's armed forces said . CNN 's Ian Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : The Muslim Brotherhood condemns the attack on the Egyptian soldiers Egypt closes the Rafah border crossing to Gaza in light of the attack At least two other soldiers are injured in the vehicle attack The attackers were armed with rocket-propelled grenades , state-run TV says
CNN  Eight inmates and two correctional officers were killed Wednesday morning when their transport bus left the roadway and collided with a moving train in west Texas , officials said . Five more people -- four inmates and one staff member -- were injured in the incident outside Penwell and were taken to an Odessa hospital , the Texas Department of Criminal Justice said . The vehicle had been traveling on Interstate 20 . Three of the patients were in critical condition , two in serious , the department said . Video from the scene 's aftermath showed the prison bus on its side , and dozens of emergency vehicles and personnel . "  It 's with a heavy heart that we mourn the loss of those killed and injured this morning in a tragic accident . Their loved ones will be in our thoughts and prayers , " said Brad Livingston , executive director for the Department of Criminal Justice . None of the train 's crew members were injured , Mark Davis with Union Pacific said , and none of the rail cars derailed . Two trailer loads carrying packages shipped via UPS were involved in the accident , Andy McGowan , director of UPS public relations said in an email to CNN . UPS is working with authorities to get the packages delivered as soon as possible . The bus was traveling from a prison facility in Abilene to one in El Paso , the department said . The National Transportation Safety Board said it plans to investigate . 2 children , 1 adult killed when Tennessee school buses crash CNN 's John Branch and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	Three people are in critical condition Eight inmates and two correctional officers die in crash Bus traveling from Abilene to El Paso
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Oh , Jules Verne or Peter Benchley , where are you , great writers of deep-sea monsters ? For the second time this week , Southern California has seen a rare sea beast washed ashore , far from home waters . This time , it 's a saber-toothed whale , better known to live in deep Alaskan waters than in the warm surf of tourist-choked Venice Beach in Los Angeles where it stranded Wednesday . In an extraordinary way even for scientists , the carcass of the nearly 15-foot and 2,000-pound whale was intact -- except for a couple of fresh bite marks from sharks . The whale , a female , apparently was barely alive when it came ashore -- a highly unusual sight because beached whales are often badly decomposed or badly eaten by marine life , a local biologist said . "  It was really humbling and sad to see such a majestic creature stranded this way , " said Heather Doyle , director of the Santa Monica Pier Aquarium . She rushed down the beach on her bicycle to witness the rarely-seen animal after staff naturalist Brittany Corona happened upon a crowd surrounding the whale on the sand . Such a sighting of the whale up close in California "  is a once in a lifetime opportunity , " she added . Giant eyeball washes up on beach Just three days earlier , another rarely observed species -- a sea-serpent-like animal called an oarfish -- was discovered dead at Catalina Island off the Los Angeles coast . Oarfish hide in the deep ocean . The one found in the island 's Toyon Bay was so big -- 18 feet long -- that it required 15 people to hold it chest-high in a trophy photo taken by the Catalina Island Marine Institute . "  They 're so rare and unusual looking , " Jim Dines of the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles said of the oarfish and the saber-toothed whale . "  They are like sea monsters , and people really pick up on that . " Are their deaths freak events prompted by global warming ? "  I think it 's just really a coincidence , " Dines said . "  It 's too early to tell . If we were to see a whole bunch of these animal strandings , that would give more evidence of something going on . " Added marine biologist Jose Bacallao of the Santa Monica Pier Aquarium : "  I 'm not going to speculate on any wackiness , but I will say you have years of temperature changes and we have had warmer waters ... . I 'm not saying the water temperature brought that whale or the oarfish here , but it 's still a pretty amazing sight to see . " Dine is also a mammalogist who performed a necropsy on the whale shortly after it was found Wednesday . His examination showed no signs of trauma such as being hit by a ship and no signs of disease or parasites , Dine said . The female whale also did n't have any food in her stomach -- aside from ingested plastic or nylon that was n't enough to kill her , Dine said . The carcass did show two or three fresh wounds from cookie-cutter sharks , whose name comes from how their bites leave a round wound that cuts through skin , blubber and muscle , Dines said . But those bites were n't mortal wounds , he said . In fact , the whale had several dozen scars from such bites , which are common in the species , he added . Dines is waiting on testing results of tissue samples to determine a cause of death . Though the animal 's death is unfortunate , scientists such as Dines are excited about its discovery because so little is known about the deep-water animal that lives in the north Pacific . Its strandings typically occur in Alaska or Japan . Its last stranding in southern California was 15 years ago , Dines said . "  There is some speculation that they do migrate in the winter , but it 's not certain how far  south  they go , " Dines said . It 's the adult male whale that grows sabertooth-like teeth , used for combat against other males for dominance in breeding , Dines said . The females do n't grow the saberteeth . The species is also known as the Stejneger 's beaked whale . As a whole , the front of the species ' face resembles a goose beak , Dines said . "  It 's creating a lot of excitement in the media and the public , but the scientists are just as excited about this because it 's a rare opportunity to study the natural history of these kinds of animals that are so rarely observed , even by marine specialists , " Dines said . Discovery makes a splash : The rarest whale Though the plastic found in the whale 's stomach did n't cause its death , the material 's presence in marine life is a growing concern . "  Certainly , pollution of plastics in the ocean is a huge concern and causes I do n't know the number of deaths of marine animals , " Dines said . The discovery of the two animals also occured as Manhattan Beach paddle-boarder Mark Durand captured on his helmet camera a video of an 8-foot great white shark swimming underneath him and grazing his board this week . The series of events has heightened public interest in what lurks within Los Angeles ' coastal waters , scientists said in interviews Thursday . What now becomes of the two magnificent sea monsters ? Dines took several tissue samples of the whale , and its skeleton will be placed in the museum 's collection of 4,000 marine specimens , used for research and exhibition , he said . The 15-foot-long whale is just a little bit short of the 18 feet common for females in the species . As for the oarfish , its 18-foot length was too big for one freezer , so scientists cut it up into small pieces and froze them , said Jeff Chace , program director of Catalina Island Marine Institute . Researchers will later boil off the flesh and reconstruct the skeleton , using photographs taken during the dissection of the deep-sea serpent . Study : Spiders had ancient big-clawed relatives CNN 's Casey Wian , Jack Hannah and Dottie Evans contributed to this report .	A saber-toothed whale from the Alaskan deep sea washes ashore in Los Angeles Its carcass is intact , giving tourists at Venice Beach and scientists a rare sighting Earlier this week , a rare oarfish that was 18 feet long is found at a coastal island Scientists ca n't say whether the rare animals ' strandings are because of global warming
CNN  -- ABC 's newest family , the affluent Johnsons on "  Black-ish , " has been very well-received . The freshman comedy , about a successful African-American family man 's struggle with cultural identity , made its debut on the network Wednesday night to impressive ratings . The pilot episode had an audience of 10.8 million and a rating of 3.3 in the key demographic of 18-49 . By comparison , "  Black-ish 's " lead-in , the multiple Emmy-winning "  Modern Family , " started its sixth season Wednesday with 10.9 million watching and a rating of 3.7 . To put it another way : This is exactly how you want your pilot episode to launch . Written by Kenya Barris and starring Anthony Anderson , Tracee Ellis Ross and Laurence Fishburne , "  Black-ish " centers on an African-American family living a comfortable life in the suburbs . Dad Andre "  Dre " Johnson  Anderson  is an advertising exec raising four kids with his doctor wife  Ross  . He is also acutely aware of how far he 's come from his upbringing . "  I guess for a kid from the ` hood , I 'm living the American dream , " Anderson 's Dre says in an opening voiceover . "  The only problem is , whatever American had this dream probably was n't where I 'm from . And if he was , he should 've mentioned the part about how when brothers start getting a little money , stuff starts getting a little weird . " Dre admits that he sometimes feels like "  a bit of an oddity " in his neighborhood , and throughout the pilot he worries that his four kids are growing up without a clear understanding of who they are . For example , his son Andre Jr. prefers to be called "  Andy , " tries out for field hockey instead of his dad 's sport of choice , basketball , and is angling for a bar mitzvah for his birthday . And at work , Dre is faced with eye-rolling questions from colleagues on "  how a black man would say good morning , " and the possibility that he was promoted to head the agency 's "  urban " division because of his race .  Dre 's internal response to the promotion : "  Wait . Did they just put me in charge of black stuff ? " But while Dre 's fretting could  and does  raise more serious conversations about race , class and identity , "  Black-ish " is still a comedy , and critics have praised it for knowing just how to leverage its complex subject for laughs . "  Even in a better season , ABC 's provocative and very funny ` Black-ish ' would stand out for its broad and biting satire of an uneasily post-racial society seen through a very modern-family prism , " said TV Guide . "  I 'm grateful that ` Black-ish ' exists , first and foremost because it 's funny , " said The Huffington Post 's Maureen Ryan . But , she continued , " ` Black-ish ' has to be more than just another pretty good sitcom . As one of the few comedies on a major network with a predominantly African-American cast , it has to navigate the issue of race in America . It ca n't just be funny , it has to be astute and adept as well . The good news is that so far , it navigates that challenging territory with intelligence , wit and subversive purpose . " Entertainment Weekly was n't as convinced , critiquing the series as "  funny , but ... not revolutionary . " Giving it a "  B " grade , EW 's critic felt the comedy "  skews too broad , " and some of that mixed reaction could be found on Twitter . Responses ranged as widely as flat-out hating it and finding it racist to being pleasantly surprised . But of course , we 're only one episode in , as Time 's James Poniewozik pointed out in his review . " ` Black-ish 's ' nuance is promising -- it 's aware that there 's not just one way to be black -- and the sheer level of execution suggests it has staying power , " he said . "  For now , I can only say what I want to hear about any new half-hour : it happens to be funny . "	ABC premiered one of its new comedies , "  Black-ish , " on Wednesday night The series stars Anthony Anderson and Tracee Ellis Ross It 's about a family trying to retain cultural identity So far , critical reaction has been largely positive
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab disappeared in Yemen for more than two months before he allegedly tried to bring down a Northwest Airlines jet with explosives concealed in his underwear . Investigators want to know if , during that time , he heeded the call to prayer coming from the hills above Yemen 's capital , where an Islamic university headed by a fiery cleric has helped the country earn its reputation as an incubator of extremism . The students who pray at Al-Iman University now , two weeks after that failed Christmas Day attack , say the school has been made a scapegoat , and that what AbdulMutallab is accused of having done is wrong . "  It 's against Islam , " one says . "  The thoughts in their heads go against Islam , " says another . AbdulMutallab 's alleged attempt to ignite explosives as the jet approached Detroit , Michigan , resulted in a fire on his lap -- and serious burns -- before passengers and flight crew subdued him and put out the flames . Al-Imam 's leader is Sheikh Abdel Majid al-Zindani , a provocative cleric with a flaming red beard . The United States considers him a terrorist , accused in 2004 of supplying weapons to al Qaeda . But in Yemen , al-Zindani is a free and influential man . Al-Zindani denied CNN 's request for an interview but allowed the network to tape at the school he 's built from the ground up since the early 1990s . Every year , thousands of Islamic students from Yemen , Africa and around the world are cocooned in al-Zindani 's compound , where they study their faith and are instilled with a strident defense of that faith . Last year , al-Zindani made a public plea to recruit millions of young men to fight jihad against Israel . But the students say they do n't think AbdulMutallab was ever at the school , and investigators do n't appear to have come to ask . Yemeni authorities , it seems , have taken a hands-off approach to the university . "  To my knowledge , no security , no investigation teams came here , " political science professor Ismail al-Suhaili said . "  Nobody thought that AbdulMutallab was here . " In Yemen , Al-Iman University is highly respected and its leader admired , making it difficult for investigators to find out for sure if the Christmas Day bombing suspect was ever there .	Officials want to know if attack attempt suspect visited Al-Iman University School is run by Sheikh Abdel Majid al-Zindani , who the U.S. considers a terrorist Students at the university say terrorism goes against their Islamic faith
I left my daughter in my car on a hot summer day . It was in July 2007 , and I remember that day as if it were yesterday . My husband and I drove to Home Depot . I wanted to buy herbs for my new garden . He wanted to buy power tools . Our 5-year-old son stayed behind with my mother , but we decided to bring our 14-month-old baby girl along . She was cranky that day , and a car ride always soothed her and made her fall asleep . We strapped her into a rear-facing baby seat -- they 're safer . We parked , turned off the ignition , closed the sun roof tight and locked the doors . I went to get a shopping cart while my husband stood by the car waiting . We then walked together past the car and toward the crowded Home Depot . Walking into the garden center , my husband turned to me and said : "  My God . We left Paloma in the car . " I screamed , dropped my purse , ran to the car and opened the door . The car was already warm . Her face already flushed . But she was fine and still sleeping . I was ashamed , embarrassed and horrified at what I had done . It dawned on me immediately -- I could have killed my girl . But the son of Justin Ross Harris , 22-month-old Cooper , did die . Harris left Cooper in a hot car , strapped to his rear-facing seat in Atlanta last week , when he went into work at a Home Depot corporate office , according to a Cobb County criminal warrant . Witnesses describe Harris ' reaction as very distressed , as he repeatedly asked : "  What have I done ? " But investigators have implied that this might have been premeditated . Police are still investigating , but Harris has pleaded not guilty to charges of child cruelty and felony murder . If he is convicted , he could spend the rest of his life in prison . But what if this was just a tragic accident -- the type of accident that happens every single year ? In 2013 , 44 children died from vehicle-induced heat stroke . About 450 children in the U.S. have died this way since 1998 . "  It 's reasonable to call this an epidemic , " says memory expert David Diamond , a scientist at the Veterans ' Hospital in Tampa , Florida , who is often consulted on such cases . "  It happens , on average , once a week from spring to early fall . " Parents everywhere are talking about the Harris tragedy -- in restaurants , in homes and on social media -- and many want him prosecuted even if this was an accident . On Facebook , Matthew Leahla Wierson writes : "  If he 's not punished for his gross negligence , then that sends a get-out-of-jail-free card to all parents who are evil and want to murder their children . " Stephanie Lowry writes : "  It 's beyond me how ANY parent can forget their baby in a car ! I was 15 when I had my first son and NEVER managed to even ALMOST forget either one of my THREE boys ! EVER ! " Before I left Paloma in that hot car , I would have agreed with Matthew and Stephanie . I would have said that you must prosecute even those parents who leave their kids in a hot car accidentally because you must send a message to parents that they have an obligation to protect their children . Before I left Paloma in that hot car , I would have said that the anguish that this parent would feel is not enough of a punishment . Had you asked me about one of these cases , I would have told you that I am a watchful mother and would never , ever do that . But I left her . My husband did , too . If Justin Harris left his son accidentally , he should not face charges . Period . How can you prosecute a parent for accidentally leaving a child in a car ? There is no crime . There is no intent . And trust me , his anguish will be punishment enough . I punish myself all the time for leaving my girl in that car for a few minutes . So I 'm reserving judgment on this one . I need more facts . Is there a history of abuse ? A bitter divorce and custody battle ? Internet searches for how to kill a child ? Is there evidence of intent -- or was this the case of a hardworking , harried , watchful , loving , adoring , protective parent who made a horrible mistake ? I hope by coming forward , I have prevented another parent from saying the words that are so hard for me to say : "  I left my child in a car on a hot summer day . "	Justin Ross Harris ' toddler son died , left in a hot car while Harris went to work Sunny Hostin left her baby in a car on a hot day , but quickly realized it and ran back Children die every year from being left in hot cars by mistake ; 44 died in 2013 Hostin : If it was a mistake , Harris should not face charges . Anguish will be punishment
CNN  -- A nationwide search continued Monday for two of three inmates who escaped from an Arizona prison Friday -- after a third was apprehended 670 miles away following a shootout in Colorado . An all-points-bulletin has been issued to authorities around the country for the escapees identified as Tracy Province and John McCluskey . The third inmate was captured Sunday in Rifle , Colorado . Daniel Renwick , 36 , was spotted driving a brown Chevy Blazer by a Rifle police officer who gave chase , according to Arizona Department of Corrections Director Charles Ryan . Gunshots were exchanged , and Renwick was ultimately taken into custody . Renwick was serving 22 years for second-degree murder . He is being held in Colorado , awaiting questioning by the U.S. Marshals Service . Province and McCluskey are believed to be with a female accomplice who was on the visitation list for one of the inmates . Charles Ryan , director of the Arizona Department of Corrections , told HLN that it 's believed she has a relationship with McClusky and may have aided the escape by throwing cutting tools over a fence The suspected accomplice was identified as 43-year-old Casslyn Mae Welch , who is 5 feet 3 inches tall and weighs 135 pounds , with brown hair and green eyes . After their escape , the inmates and the accomplice abducted two truck drivers at gunpoint on Interstate 40 outside of Kingman , Arizona , and hijacked their 18-wheeler , according to the Mohave County sheriff 's department in Kingman . The truck drivers and the rig were released five hours later in Flagstaff , about 135 miles to the east . One of the truck drivers spoke about it later . "  They said , ` If you guys are nice to us , we will be nice to you . If you do anything , we will shoot you , ' " said Prabhjeet Bains . "  Every time he looked at me , I thought he was going to shoot me , so I 'm glad we are still alive . " The fugitives were later believed to be driving a 2002 silver Volkswagon Jetta , purchased Saturday in west Phoenix . They were later spotted on a security camera in a bank inside a grocery store in Goodyear , Arizona , according to Barrett Marson , spokesman for the Arizona Department of Corrections . Province , 42 , was serving a life sentence for murder and armed robbery . McCluskey , 45 , was serving 15 years for attempted second-degree murder and other charges . The men were discovered missing after the 9:45 p.m. count Friday at the privately-operated Kingman facility . The escapees cut a hole in the fence . A helicopter and dogs began a search . "  Precisely how they escaped is under investigation , " Ryan said , noting some "  operational security problems " at the prison . "  Those are being evaluated and investigated as we speak , " he added . Specifically , Ryan told HLN that authorities are looking at two possible failures in security . First , an alarm did n't go off when a door was opened inside the prison . Ryan said he 's not sure why it did n't activate . And second , a radio alarm indicating that the fence had been cut "  was n't detected for some time , " he said . "  Staff did not respond sufficiently to alarms on the perimeter system , and we believe that afforded  the escapees  an opportunity to go through the fence and escape , " he said . The escaped prisoners are described as armed and dangerous . CNN Radio 's Barbara Hall contributed to this report .	NEW : Nationwide search under way for two inmates who remain at large NEW : Authorities say female accomplice may have thrown cutting tools over fence NEW : Authorities investigate possible security breaches at prison Daniel Renwick , serving 22 years for murder , was captured after shootout Sunday
CNN  -- It 's the million-dollar reward that 's raising a million-dollar question : Who , if anyone , is entitled to the money offered in the hunt for Christopher Dorner ? The catch is that Dorner , the rogue former Los Angeles police officer who sparked a massive manhunt , was never captured . He died after a shootout and fire at a California mountain cabin this week after , authorities say , he killed four people and wounded three others . The city of Los Angeles put up the $ 1 million reward Sunday , together with other jurisdictions , groups , and private donors . It had been a few days since Dorner was last seen , and they wanted to generate tips . Dorner died from single gunshot to head "  Collectively this group , led by my office , is posting a reward of $ 1 million for information that will lead to Mr. Dorner 's capture , " said Mayor Antonio R. Villaraigosa . Now that the hunt for Dorner is over , the Los Angeles Police Department says it 's deciding what to do with the reward money . "  More than 20 jurisdictions and entities are involved in this reward , so all of them will be coming together to collectively determine whether any individual  s  qualify for it , " the LAPD said in a statement Friday . "  Our personal hope is that the reward will be distributed , but we must follow the rules and respect the procedures of each entity . " Former girlfriend : Dorner was stressed out The police department said they have had a lot of inquiries about the reward . It reminded the public that no money can be distributed until the investigation is complete . One person who feels he deserves the reward is camp ranger Rick Heltebrake , one of Dorner 's last victims . Heltebrake was driving Tuesday near Big Bear Lake , California , when Dorner approached him , put a gun to his head and stole his truck . Dorner was on the run from California Fish and Wildlife wardens who had spotted him on the area 's icy roads . Dorner and the wardens exchanged gunfire before Dorner crashed his car , carjacked Heltebrake 's truck and drove it to the nearby cabin . Ex-LAPD cop gains sympathizers on social media After Dorner drove off , Heltebrake said he ducked off the road and called his friend , a sheriff 's deputy , to alert him . Speaking Thursday to CNN about the reward , Heltebrake said , "  I do think I deserve it . I believe it was my phone call to that sheriff 's deputy that directed them to the location where Dorner was , and I believe it was my phone call that put an end to the largest manhunt in Los Angeles history . " Heltebrake said he wants to use the reward money to set up college funds for the children of the two law enforcement officers killed by Dorner . He also mentioned possible improvements to the scout camp where he works , which he said is rundown . "  Did anybody ever believe that he was going to be captured and convicted ? I do n't think so , " Heltebrake told CNN 's Randi Kaye . "  I think they put that  clause  in there possibly to have an out for later . I believe that that money was put up by the private sector and basically corporate donors , not from taxpayer money or anything like that , and I believe those people wanted that money to go somewhere , and I 'd like to do some good with it . " Heltebrake said he could split the money with Karen and Jim Reynolds , the couple who encountered Dorner in their Big Bear-area condo Tuesday morning , before the carjacking . Though Dorner tied up the couple , they managed to free themselves and call 911 . "  If they want half of it , I believe they 're deserving of half of it , " Heltebrake said . Speaking Wednesday after their ordeal , the Reynolds said they were simply happy to be alive and had n't thought much about the reward money .	City put up $ 1 million reward in Dorner case Question is whether anyone met wording of offer Dorner died in mountain cabin east of Los Angeles
United Nations  CNN  -- Confronted with the prospect of a Palestinian bid for full U.N. membership , U.S. President Barack Obama issued a sharp rebuke Wednesday to those pressing for statehood -- a rebuke likely to bring criticism from the Arab world . "  Peace will not come through statements and resolutions at the U.N. , " Obama said , addressing delegates at the 66th annual session of U.N. General Assembly . "  If it were that easy , it would have been accomplished by now . " The United States has vowed to block a Palestinian membership application should it reach the Security Council , but is likely eager to head off a scenario that would involve an American veto -- a move widely seen as unpopular across the Middle East . A formal request for full U.N. membership is expected to be submitted Friday . "  One year ago , I stood at this podium and called for an independent Palestine , " Obama added . "  I believed then -- and I believe now -- that the Palestinian people deserve a state of their own . But what I also said is that genuine peace can only be realized between Israelis and Palestinians themselves . " A year later , despite extensive U.S. efforts , "  the parties have not bridged their differences , " Obama said . The American president met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and declared the bonds between their two countries "  unbreakable , " a move likely to play well at home in an increasingly volatile U.S. political landscape . Though Netanyahu was not in attendance at the General Assembly during Obama 's speech , he called the U.S. position a "  badge of honor , " and has pushed for a resumption of talks , beginning in New York and continuing in Ramallah and Jerusalem . Peace negotiations broke down last year . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas met with Obama later Wednesday , part of a whirlwind of diplomatic wrangling that has accompanied his proposed move . Obama reiterated his stance on the need for a two-state solution , officials said . Abbas met earlier with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who promised the request would be taken "  very seriously , " according to Nabeel Shaath , a senior negotiator for the Palestine Liberation Organization . Shaath told CNN it had not been decided if the formal application would be submitted the U.N. secretary-general before or after Abbas addresses the General Assembly early Friday afternoon . Ban said it will "  not take long " to get Security Council consideration . Shaath added that settling for a lesser status -- such as being recognized as a non-member state -- is one option under consideration if the push for full membership is blocked . But the Palestinians do not want "  anybody to suspect a lack of seriousness , " he said . Palestinians ' current status at the United Nations is as an observer "  entity . " Observers can speak in the General Assembly but not vote . While a veto by the United States in the Security Council would block any effort to gain full U.N. membership , a "  yes " vote in the General Assembly -- where only a majority would be needed -- would raise Palestinians to the status of permanent observer "  state , " the status the Vatican currently holds . Abbas ' effort to gain U.N. recognition of a Palestinian state is opposed by Hamas , the Palestinian organization that controls Gaza . It has warned Abbas against making the request , saying it would show a willingness to acknowledge and negotiate with Israel , which would "  deprive the Palestinian people from their right to come back to their homeland . " As national leaders took to rostrum Wednesday to spell out their visions for global peace and security , attention at the U.N. General Assembly seemed to center on the potential membership bid . French President Nicolas Sarkozy urged the body to recognize Palestine as a non-member state , calling for a more definitive timetable for Israeli-Palestinian peace talks . But he also warned that a U.S. veto of the bid for full membership in the Security Council could be dangerous and might spark violence . Argentinean President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner seemed to agree , adding that "  non-inclusion of Palestine  at the United Nations  this year will create greater insecurity . " The Palestinian leader said he will personally deliver the application to the U.N. Security Council , but does not expect the body to act immediately , according to Palestinian officials . They say Abbas is expected to deliver the letter before he leaves New York on Friday , but added that he will give both the United Nations and American leadership several weeks to respond to the letter -- temporarily averting a diplomatic showdown . Abbas will wait for a response from the diplomatic Quartet on the Middle East , the officials said , and then return to the U.N. General Assembly to negotiate statehood recognition , working through the U.N. Security Council . Abbas ' goal , according to the officials , is to legitimize Palestinian statehood by eventually forcing a vote . Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff , who kicked off the opening round of speeches at the assembly 's 66th session , joined the chorus of voices on Wednesday calling on the council to approve the Palestinian bid . Her speech marked the first time a woman has commenced the annual proceeding , reflecting a moment of equality at the start of what she described as "  the century of women . " Also Wednesday , Obama pressed Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan -- an increasingly vocal critic of Israel -- to continue work toward patching up their strained relationship , officials said . The U.N. chief , meanwhile , also focused on a series of other issues highlighted during the annual session , particularly the spread of noncommunicable diseases , empowering women , food security and climate change . "  Saving our planet , lifting people out of poverty , advancing economic growth -- these are one and the same fight , " said Ban . "  Today , I call on you to reach a binding climate change agreement -- an agreement with more ambitious national and global emissions targets . " Thirty-one of the world body 's 193 delegates are expected to address the assembly this week . Brazil has traditionally opened the session since the days of former American president Harry Truman , when the U.N. was in its infancy . It was founded in 1945 after World War II . CNN 's Elise Labott , Richard Roth , Alan Silverleib and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama completes meeting with Abbas The Palestinian leader says he does not expect the U.N. to act immediately Argentina 's president : "  Non-inclusion of Palestine ... will create greater insecurity " France 's president says a veto could spark violence
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray , found guilty Monday of causing Michael Jackson 's death , begins his new life as an inmate in a section of the Los Angeles County jail where high-profile prisoners are kept , a jail official said . While it is the "  medical area " that houses inmates on suicide watch , Murray is only there because it has a higher ratio of guards , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Sgt. Harry Drucker said . Murray 's defense team has vowed to appeal his involuntary manslaughter conviction , but first they must deal with his sentencing set for November 29 . While Murray was "  devastated " by the guilty verdict , he is "  confident " he will win an appeal , defense lawyer Nareg Gourjian said . "  What matters most right now is trying to keep Dr. Murray from taking up a prison cell in this community , " lead defense lawyer Ed Chernoff said . "  That 's what we 're focusing on right now and we 'll deal with an appeal after that . " Murray served as Jackson 's personal physician as Jackson prepared for his comeback concerts , with Murray giving him the surgical anesthetic propofol to help him sleep nearly every night for the last two months of his life , according to testimony . Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , was caused by "  acute propofol intoxication " in combination with two sedatives , the Los Angeles County coroner ruled . The verdict followed about nine hours of jury deliberations , which began Friday morning in the downtown Los Angeles County courthouse . Murray could be sentenced to as much as four years in a state prison , but his lawyers will ask for probation and "  maybe a little bit " of time in the county jail , Gourjian said . A new California law aimed at reducing state prison overcrowding and a federal court order addressing county jail overcrowding could combine to significantly reduce Murray 's time behind bars . If Murray 's conviction is treated as a non-violent felony he could be kept in the county jail , where he could be eligible to serve some of his time at home under monitored house arrest . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor , who will decide Murray 's sentence , made it clear when he denied bail Monday that he considered the doctor a threat to public safety . "  This is not a crime involving a mistake of judgment , " Pastor said . "  This was a crime where the end result was the death of a human being . " Both Chernoff and Gourjian said the defense was not surprised by the guilty verdict . "  I think what went wrong was a lot of the pretrial rulings that were made by the court in reference to some of the evidence that we planned to offer for the jury to consider , " Gourjian told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  I think that 's essentially what denied Dr. Murray a fair trial in this case . " The outcome may have been different had the defense been able to introduce additional evidence -- like on Jackson 's past drug use and "  financial condition , " Gourjian said . Pastor 's rulings to limit the defense case could be the basis for an appeal , he said . Murray appeared to show no emotion as the verdict was read by court clerk Sammi Benson Monday afternoon or even as deputies handcuffed him and led him away . A loud celebration erupted among Jackson fans outside of the courthouse , where emotions ran so high at least one woman fainted . Passing cars honked their horns , as people nearby hugged , cried and yelled out in joy . Jackson 's family , including by his parents and several of his brothers and sisters , smiled as they left the courthouse . An emotional La Toya Jackson on Monday thanked all those involved in the trial , calling the decision a "  victory . " "  Everybody was wonderful , " La Toya Jackson told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell as she left the Los Angeles courthouse . A statement released by Jackson 's estate Monday said that "  justice has been served . " Deputy District Attorney David Walgren personally expressed his sympathies to the Jackson family who he said lost "  not a pop icon , but a son and brother . " Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley thanked jurors "  for their hard work and thoughtful deliberation , " and expressed gratitude that they recognized the "  overwhelming " evidence against Murray in finding him guilty . The seven men and five women on the jury heard 49 witnesses over 23 days , including Murray 's girlfriends and patients , Jackson 's former employees , investigators and medical experts for each side . Defense lawyers contended the matter was a negligence case that should instead be heard by the state medical board . "  If it were anybody else but Michael Jackson , would this doctor be here today ? " Chernoff asked in his closing . Jurors were left to decide if the propofol overdose was infused into Jackson 's blood by a steady intravenous drip , as the prosecution contended , or if Jackson injected himself using a syringe left nearby by Murray , as the defense argued . "  He was just a little fish in a big , dirty pond , " Chernoff said , pointing the finger at other doctors who treated Jackson , and Jackson himself . Prosecutor Walgren attacked the defense for trying to blame "  everybody but Conrad Murray , poor Conrad Murray . " Walgren painted Murray as a selfish doctor who agreed to take $ 150,000 a month to give Jackson nightly infusions of propofol in his home , something prosecutors argued an ethical doctor would never do because of the dangers . "  It was a very strong and powerful message that this sort of conduct does rise to the level of criminal negligence , and to the extent someone dies as a result of them playing the role of Dr. Feel Good , they will be held accountable , " Cooley said after the verdict . Murray 's license to practice medicine is now suspended , according to the Medical Board of California , which decides if a doctor can legally work in the state . In the light of the conviction , the board now will open an investigation to determine whether or not to fully revoke Murray 's right to practice medicine in the state , spokeswoman Jennifer Simoes said . The main criteria in deciding whether to revoke , suspend or take other action against any doctor is assessing how substantial a crime is related to the practice of medicine . There is no timeline as to when the board might act regarding Murray , said Simoes . CNN 's Ted Rowlands and Adam Blaker contributed to this report .	Rulings limiting the defense case could be a basis for appeal , defense says The defense will ask for probation and "  maybe a little bit " of jail time Prison overcrowding could limit Murray 's time behind bars Murray is ` devastated ' by his conviction in Jackson 's death , his lawyer says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The polite hush that descends on the crowd seconds before service is nowhere to be heard when it comes to the issue of equal prize money in women 's tennis . Australian Open champion Serena Williams pocketed $ 1.3 million for the tournament , the same as male winner Rafael Nadal . It may be two years since Wimbledon and the French Open joined the other major tournaments in offering women the same cash prize as men , but for some tennis fans the issue is far from resolved . "  Admit it sisters , " screamed one recent headline on Australian Web site AdelaideNow , "  this is not equal . " The author went on : "  Political correctness , sexual equality and feminism all prevent many commentators from stating the bleeding obvious ... no sports watcher in their right minds could honestly say female tennis players , or golfers for that matter , deserve as much money as their male counterparts . " The writer -- a woman -- went on to lambaste the world 's best female tennis players , describing world number one Serena Williams ' defeat of Dinara Safina in the Australian Open final as "  embarrassing , pitiful and pathetic . " "  Her humiliation of Dinara Safina was a terrible advertisement for a sport that has apparently disappeared up its own backside . " Rather than provoking a tirade of abuse , many readers agreed with the author , outspoken Australian journalist and sports commentator , Rebecca Wilson . "  Right on the money . Women 's tennis is boring . Typical game . "  Ugh . Grunt . Ugh . Grunt . Ugh . Grunt . Out . Love-Fifteen , " one said . Another added : "  It 's about time someone said what everyone was thinking . " More chimed in : "  Everyone agrees , few will say it " and "  totally agree . Women 's tennis is pathetic . " A couple of dissenters in the crowd urged Wilson to turn her attentions elsewhere : "  The usual tripe that Wilson dishes up week after week , " and "  please go away and let someone with something important to say use your space . " What do you think ? Do women deserve equal prize money in tennis ? Sound Off below . Billie Jean King has heard it all before . The former world number one has spent a good part of the last forty years campaigning for equal prize money , and equal status , for women . The decision by the All England Tennis and Croquet Club in February 2007 , and then the French Open one day later , to award equal prize money to women marked the end of a fight that started in 1968 , the first year of Open tennis . "  When Rod Laver won Wimbledon , he got # 2,000 . And when I won Wimbledon in the same year , 1968 , I got # 750 , " she told CNN in an interview filmed for this month 's edition of "  Revealed . " "  I knew then that was going to be one of our next battles that we would have to fight over the years , " she added . King hoped to put the matter to rest in 1973 when she took on self-proclaimed male chauvinist Bobby Riggs in now famous match known as "  The Battle of the Sexes . " Riggs , a former men 's number one , claimed the women 's game was so poor that even he , as a 55-year-old retiree from the sport , could beat the top female players . King accepted the challenge and thrashed Riggs 6-4 , 6-3 , 6-3 in front of a television audience of millions . Those who argue for lower pay for women 's tennis say they play fewer sets and attract a smaller television audience so they should receive less money . Campaigners for equal pay say that it 's not an issue of time on the court , but an matter of fair and equal treatment As current world number six Venus Williams once argued in an open letter published in The Times , "  we enjoy huge and equal celebrity and are paid for the value we deliver to broadcasters and spectators , not the amount of time we spend on the stage . " What do you think ? Should the top female tennis players be taking home the same prize money as men ? Sound Off below . Revealed : Venus Williams airs on CNNI at on the dates and times below : ALL TIMES GMT Wednesday , February 18 : 0930 , 1830 Saturday , February 21 : 0830 , 1900 Sunday , February 22 : 0530 , 1830 Monday , February 23 : 0400	Issue of equal prize money for women 's tennis continues to ignite debate Journalist describes Serena Williams ' defeat of Safina as "  pitiful and pathetic " Wimbledon and the French Open introduced equal prize pots in 2007 What do you think ? Should female tennis players earn as much as men ?
CNN  -- "  Hi , I 'm back ! " Paula Deen wooed a Houston crowd Saturday during her first appearance since the revelation that she used a racial slur in the past , according to CNN affiliate KPRC . The Southern food diva looked straight into the lens of a camera , waved , smiled and winked as a sold-out audience of 1,500 cheered her on during a cooking demonstration at the Metropolitan Cooking and Entertainment Show . After a standing ovation , Deen wiped the tears on her face and told the crowd , "  These are tears of joy , y' all . I 've said all along that the one place I 'd want to make my first step back out was Texas . " Deen fan Lucas Boucher flew in from Los Angeles to meet the chef . "  I started getting teary-eyed and I just told her we got her back and I said , ` I 'm sorry you 're going through this . ' And she was crying , " said Boucher , who wore a T-shirt with Deen 's face imprinted on the front . Deen 's career and public reputation went into a tailspin in June after her deposition in a lawsuit brought by a former restaurant employee was released . In the video , Deen admitted using the "  N word " in the past . ` We 're sticking with Paula ' : Deen fans protest with butter wrappers Deen apologized publicly several times , but the efforts failed to suppress the controversy . In the media firestorm that followed , Deen lost lucrative endorsements and her Food Network cooking show , while the publication of her eagerly anticipated cookbook was canceled . In late August , a federal judge approved a deal dismissing the lawsuit , which leveled accusations of racism and sexual harassment . The lawsuit was dismissed "  with prejudice , " meaning it can not be filed again , according to a court filing . On Saturday , Houston residents , Kelly Eldridge , Stephanie Young and their friends , brought Deen face cut-outs and wore sashes with messages of support such as "  Love and Best Dishes " and "  Hey ya 'll . " "  I 'm hoping she comes back . I 'm hoping she gets another TV show , more books , " said Eldridge . "  We just want her to feel better about everything and be supporters of her , " said Young . Attendees paid between $ 75 and $ 400 for Deen event tickets . A teary-eyed Deen shared her feelings about the controversy with the crowd . "  I 'm sure you know , unless you 're living under a rock , the last few months have been difficult . It was an opportunity to learn . I learned a lot about my self and my business . I just want to thank y' all from bottom of my heart . " Deen is scheduled for a second Houston appearance on Sunday and two additional shows in Dallas on September 21 and 22 . Judge OKs deal to dismiss Deen suit	Paula Deen makes first appearance since June "  These are tears of joy , " she tells Texas crowd Deen shares her feelings about the "  last few months " Fans give Southern food diva a standing ovation
CNN  -- A federal judge is once again weighing arguments over the "  show me your papers " provision in Arizona 's controversial immigration law . The provision was the only one of four major parts of the law upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court in June . But opponents argued in U.S. District Court on Tuesday that new evidence shows that a federal judge should block enforcement of the provision . "  It is infected with racial discrimination , " attorney Karen Tumlin of the National Immigration Law Center said outside the courthouse Tuesday , according to CNN affiliate KPHO . Court issues split decision on state laws Attorney John Bouma , representing Arizona , argued that the law does not discriminate . "  You just ca n't say that Latinos are going to be primarily impacted and that 's discriminatory , " he told CNN . Outside the courthouse Tuesday , Bouma told reporters , "  If Hispanics happen to be the people who are the highest percentage who come across the border illegally , believe it or not , they 're probably the highest percentage that will be prosecuted under the statute . " The "  show me your papers " provision allows local law enforcement , when performing other state law enforcement functions , to check on the immigration status of those people they stop for another reason . Supreme Court justices said they upheld that part because it complements existing federal policy . When it upheld the provision , the Supreme Court was careful to say that depending on how this is implemented , it could very well be overturned one day . Immigrants line up for deportation relief On Tuesday , the National Immigration Law Center and the American Civil Liberties Union were among the groups to challenge this part of the law on what they said were new grounds . As part of their argument , they pointed to e-mails from Arizona Sen. Russell Pearce , a Republican who authored SB 1070 and then was ousted from office in a recall election in his suburban Phoenix district last year . "  It 's very clear that they were pushing the implementation of SB 1070 , and they have racially discriminatory motivations for doing so , " said Alessandra Soler , executive director at the ACLU of Arizona . "  Race , ethnicity and stereotypes about Latinos were the driving force behind the passage of SB 1070 . " Attorneys representing Arizona dispute that claim . "  You look at the legislative record , and there were a lot of very good legislators involved from both parties . ... There was nothing in there dealing with trying to discriminate against Hispanics . They were talking about illegal immigrants and they were trying to deal with illegal immigrants , " Bouma told CNN Wednesday . Five things to know about immigration Pearce has contended that dozens of other states are trying to pass similar legislation , showing the popular support and need for such measures . In June , he said that accusations of possible racial profiling as a result of the law were "  demeaning to law enforcement . " "  There 's a lot of very professional , qualified law enforcement officers . . . who have been stopping people for crimes and making determinations that there 's a reasonable suspicion that they were illegal , " Bouma said . "  They 've been doing that for years , and there 's hardly any record of any racial profiling , and why would one suddenly suspect that they 've got to do that now ? " The civil rights organizations presented three new arguments against the Arizona law Tuesday , Tumlin said . The first was that the provision should be blocked because it would result in unconstitutional detainment under the Fourth Amendment , which protects against unreasonable searches and seizures . Mexico has its own immigration problem The opponents of the law also argued that the provision is inappropriately motivated by race , violating equal protection laws , she said . Finally , Tumlin said , the civil rights groups presented new evidence that the provision encroaches on the federal government 's responsibilities to enforce immigration laws . Attorneys representing Arizona have argued in court filings that the civil rights ' organizations evidence was "  entirely speculative " and that "  evidence demonstrates that  the provision  can and will be implemented in a constitutional manner . " In court Tuesday , U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton did not indicate when she would rule in the case , attorneys said .	NEW : Attorney for Arizona says authorities are "  trying to deal with illegal immigrants " A civil rights attorney says the law "  is infected with racial discrimination " A lawyer representing Arizona says the law does not discriminate Opponents point to e-mails from the law 's author
CNN  -- Motorsport 's governing body the FIA has told Red Bull to modify the floor of its controversial Formula One car ahead of this weekend 's Canadian Grand Prix . Australian Mark Webber drove the RB8 to victory at last month 's Monaco Grand Prix , but rival teams questioned the legality of a hole in the car 's floor located in front of the rear tire . FIA rules dictate the floor of an F1 car must be "  continuous , rigid  no degree of freedom in relation to the body/chassis unit  " and "  impervious . " It has now taken the step of issuing a note to teams in order to reinforce the laws of the sport , with two-time constructors ' champions Red Bull set to make the appropriate modifications . Red Bull 's RB8 causes a stir "  Red Bull are expected to revise the much-talked-about ` holes ' in their car 's rear floor ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix , " read a statement on the sport 's official website . "  Other teams had interpreted the rules to mean only floor slots are allowed and the FIA has now made clear that it will consider enclosed holes illegal from the Montreal race onwards . " Webber and two-time world champion teammate Sebastian Vettel are tied for second in the drivers ' standings , with Red Bull also leading the constructors ' championship after six races . The hole in the RB8 's floor was initially approved by FIA scrutineers , and the Austrian-owned marque have been running with their current setup since April 's Bahrain Grand Prix .	The FIA tells Red Bull to change the hotly-disputed floor of the team 's car The RB8 has an isolated hole on its floor , which is against F1 regulations Red Bull lead the Formula One constructors ' championship after six races Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber are joint second in drivers ' standings
Editor 's note : Dr. John Boyce , chief of the Infectious Diseases Section at the Hospital of Saint Raphael in New Haven , Connecticut , was lead author of the Centers for Disease Control 's national hand hygiene guidelines for health-care workers and heads the Hand Hygiene Resource Center . Dr. John Boyce says hands contaminated with virus are often a pathway for people to develop flu . CNN  -- The rapid spread of the 2009 H1N1 influenza virus  also known as swine flu  from Mexico to at least 19 other countries in less than 10 days is a cause of major concern . It emphasizes the need for the public to become familiar with how influenza is spread and which preventive measures they can use to reduce their chances of becoming infected . Although little information is available at this time , it appears that this influenza virus spreads from one person to another in the same way as other influenza viruses -- by "  droplet spread . " Respiratory droplets are generated when an infected person coughs or sneezes and expels droplets of fluid . Those droplets travel short distances  usually less than three feet  through the air and can be deposited on the mouth or in the nose of people or on surfaces . Those who develop influenza often shed large amounts of virus in their respiratory secretions for several days after they become ill . Experience with other viruses suggests that individuals with influenza can contaminate their hands when coughing , sneezing or blowing their noses . The virus can survive on the hands for at least one hour . If a person whose hands are heavily contaminated touches a surface such as a doorknob , table or computer keyboard , they can deposit the virus onto that surface , where it can survive for minutes to several hours . One study conducted with a regular seasonal strain of influenza virus found that the virus could survive on facial tissues for several minutes and for two to eight hours on stainless steel or plastic surfaces . If another person touches a contaminated surface with his hands when the virus is still alive and then touches his own mouth or nose , he may become infected . Infection might also occur when a person with influenza shakes hands with another person who subsequently touches their own mouth or nose with their fingers . Several studies have found that many people touch their noses or mouths several times an hour during the course of daily activities . So there are plenty of opportunities for people to inadvertently introduce a flu virus into their bodies if their hands become contaminated . As a result , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  recommends that individuals perform hand hygiene -- also known as hand washing or decontamination -- frequently during influenza outbreaks . In addition to reducing the risk of developing influenza , hand hygiene can help protect people from becoming ill with several other respiratory viruses by eliminating these organisms from the hands . A recent study found that hand washing with soap and water or using an alcohol-based hand sanitizer were both highly effective in reducing a seasonal strain of influenza virus on the hands . This should also be true for the 2009 H1N1 influenza virus . Either plain soap or antimicrobial soap will reduce the amount of virus on the hands . To ensure decontamination , be sure to wash your hands vigorously and keep both soap and water on your hands for at least 15 seconds . When sinks are not readily available , alcohol-based hand sanitizers are a convenient and effective way of eliminate the virus from hands . Use an amount of sanitizer at least the size of quarter or enough to keep your hands wet for at least 15 to 20 seconds while you 're rubbing them together . The CDC also recommends that people should avoid touching their mouths , noses and eyes , since surfaces they touch may be contaminated when flu virus is present . People who develop influenza or other respiratory viral infections should also clean their hands after blowing their nose or after covering a cough with their hands . Since droplet spread is the most common way influenza is transmitted from person to person , the CDC also recommends avoiding close contact with individuals who are sick . If you do become ill with influenza , the CDC recommends that you stay home from work or school and limit contact with others . Hand hygiene is an important tool in preventing infection from influenza viruses such as this recent strain and is an easy and effective way to prevent contracting infectious diseases in general . Take the time to educate yourself about proper hand hygiene to protect both yourself and your family . Note : Further information about the 2009 H1N1 influenza  swine flu  outbreak can be obtained by going to CDC 's Web site . For general information about hand hygiene in health-care settings , go to this CDC site or this Hand Hygiene Resource Center site . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Boyce .	John Boyce : Hands contaminated with virus often spread the flu He says viruses can survive for hours on various surfaces Boyce : People need to wash hands with soap and water for at least 15 seconds He says alcohol-based sanitizers can work in the absence of a sink
CNN  -- Great survivors were molded from Liberia 's bloody war that ended just six years ago . Among the violence and tragedy , new leaders emerged , including youth activist Kimmie Weeks . "  Going through the war and having that experience of nearly dying , essentially made me a stronger person , " he told CNN . At the age of 9 , civil war entered Weeks ' life . He had to flee his family home during the fighting , turning his life upside down . Weeks published a report on the Liberian government 's involvement in training child soldiers in 1998 and was then forced into exile in the U.S. . The experience of finding other children his age engaged in the fighting , and being so close to death himself , was a profound one . Since the war in Liberia he has dedicated his life to saving the country 's children from war and its devastating long-term effects with Youth Action International .	Kimmie Weeks experienced Liberia 's bloody civil wars first hand Forced to flee his home and country after publishing a report on child soldiers Works tirelessly with Youth Action International to improve children 's lives
Tuesday 's discovery of rockets hidden in a vacant U.N. facility is the sort of evidence that Israel cites when it accuses Hamas of using civilians and their institutions as shields in the ongoing Gaza conflict . The rockets were found in a vacant school between two other U.N. schools being used as shelters for 3,000 displaced Palestinians , the United Nations said . It was the second such discovery at a vacant U.N. school in Gaza in a week . As suggestive as those discoveries are , Israel 's claims that Hamas uses civilians as human shields are difficult to prove in an active ground conflict , experts say . "  It would be impossible at this point to say how much truth there is to the human shield argument , " said Michele Dunne of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  That 's not going to be possible to do in the heat of the conflict . " It 's a war of perception Possible or not , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu advanced the accusations earlier this week when asked to comment about the brutal conflict , whose death toll has clearly hit Palestinians harder . As of Tuesday , at least 630 Palestinians had been killed and nearly 4,000 wounded ; some 70 % to 80 % of them are civilians , the United Nations said . On the Israeli side , 28 soldiers and two civilians have been killed in the same time frame . Measuring such bloodshed is "  very difficult because Hamas is using them , Palestinians , as human shields , " Netanyahu told CNN . "  We develop anti-missile systems to protect , we use anti-missile systems to protect our civilians . They use their civilians to protect their missiles . That 's the difference . " Those assertions are significant in the war of perception , which is unfolding in tandem with the conflict between Hamas militants and Israel 's military , Dunne said . "  There 's many different dimensions of this conflict at the same time , " Dunne said . "  Civilian casualties on the Palestinian side are very high . That is something Hamas can use in the court of public opinion . Israel has to have an answer to that : The civilian casualties are so high because of Hamas , and this is their answer to that . " Civic presence complicates things What complicates the dispute over alleged human shields -- an offense against international law -- is how Hamas is also a political organization embedded in civilian life in the Palestinian territory , Palestinian leaders say . "  Hamas is a political party after all , not just a military wing . And it has institutions , organizations , homes " in Gaza , said Hanan Ashrawi , executive committee member of the Palestinian Liberation Organization in the West Bank . That means Hamas is more than its military wing , Ashrawi said . Its members are active in civilian society too . "  Several-story buildings were totally demolished and the people living there . How can you claim that Hamas is hiding anything in there ? These are normal residential areas with no military or any munitions hidden there , " Ashrawi said . "  The question is that Israel is not discriminating , it is destroying the homes of people who are active  in Hamas  . Now ` active ' could mean you belong to a social service institution . Hamas has day-care centers , has schools , has hospitals ; it 's a political party as well . It 's a movement . "  Hamas is not just an isolated , you know , sort of armed individuals . It belongs to a very pluralistic system . It has in Gaza many services , offices and so on . And therefore if you are going to destroy everything related to Hamas as a party , as a movement , it means that you 're going to go on the rampage against families , homes , hospitals , schools and social services , " Ashrawi said . Population plays a factor The geography and population density of Gaza further clouds efforts to determine whether civilian casualties are part of Hamas strategy of using human shields or collateral damage from Israel 's ground and aerial assaults , Palestinians say . Gaza , with a population of 1.8 million , is a rectangular tract about 25 miles long and just a few miles wide , bounded by the Mediterranean Sea on one side and Egypt on another . A border blockade on Gaza has been in effect for much of the past seven years . High unemployment and extensive poverty afflict the Palestinian territory . In such a place , it 's difficult for civilians to hide , Palestinians said . "  The population of  Gaza  -- 43 % of it is under the age of 14 , " said Diana Buttu , a human rights attorney who was a legal adviser to Palestinian negotiators . "  It 's simply a fact that what the Israelis are doing is they 're dropping bombs of a magnitude that we have never seen before on a captive civilian child population . " Israel said it strives to keep Gazans out of harm 's way by warning them with leaflets , text messages and phone calls in advance of a military strike . Israel blames Hamas ' aggression for putting Gazans in danger . "  They 're putting missile batteries next to hospitals , next to mosques , next to schools , " said Ron Dermer , Israel 's ambassador to the United States . "  They 're the ones who are putting their civilians in harm 's way . "  They 're saying , ` Ignore the warnings of the  Israel Defense Forces  , stay there , ' " Dermer said . As a result , civilians can become exposed to an Israeli strike . "  They use the strategy of human shields for a reason because they think it works . They think that Israel will be  blamed  for these civilian casualties , " Dermer said . "  Hamas should be responsible for the use of human shields . " Casualties are inevitable Israel has accused Hamas of using human shields in previous conflicts in Gaza . Also , in 1982 , when Israel invaded Lebanon with the intention of destroying the PLO , it accused PLO combatants of using civilians as human shields in that conflict , too . "  The problem with this particular crisis now is that it 's taking place at a time when the whole region from Basra in the east , to Beirut in the west , from Aleppo in the north , to Alexandria in the south , is sliding towards hell , " said Hisham Melhem , the Washington bureau chief for Al Arabiya News Channel . "  That 's one of the reasons , by the way , that you do n't see this Arab outcry , because the Arabs themselves are trying to put out fires in their own countries . " One thing is clear about the ongoing warfare between Israel and Hamas , said retired U.S. Gen. Anthony Zinni . Fighting in such a confined space as Gaza means civilian casualties . "  It 's so tightly packed , " Zinni said . "  In the end , it 's the poor innocents that are suffering as a result of this . " What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ?	Active conflict makes it impossible to prove use of human shields in Gaza , expert said Israel said high civilian death toll is because Hamas uses civilians as shields Palestinians say Israel is bombing ' a captive civilian child population ' ` It 's the poor innocents that are suffering ' retired U.S. general says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Mint will begin accepting orders Thursday for the first coin to feature readable Braille . The coin 's "  heads " side features a portrait of Louis Braille ; the "  tails " side features a boy reading a book in Braille . The 2009 Louis Braille Bicentennial Silver Dollar commemorates the 200th birthday of Louis Braille , inventor of the Braille system of reading and writing used by the blind . The National Federation of the Blind can receive surcharges from sales of the coins to further its programs to promote Braille literacy , the U.S. Mint said in a news release . Mintage of the coin , which is 90 percent silver , will be limited to 400,000 , the Mint said . The coin will be available in proof and uncirculated versions . An introductory sales period will last through April 27 , after which regular prices will go into effect , the Mint said . Introductory prices will range from $ 31.95 to $ 37.95 . Regular prices will be $ 33.95 to $ 41.95 . The "  heads " side of the coin features a portrait of Louis Braille and the inscriptions "  Liberty , " "  In God We Trust , " "  Louis Braille , " "  1809 " and "  2009 . " The "  tails " side depicts a child reading a book in Braille . The word Braille -- abbreviated as "  BRL " in Braille -- is depicted in the upper part of the coin and the word "  Independence " is featured on a bookshelf behind the child . The back side of the coin also has the inscriptions "  United States of America , " "  One Dollar " and "  E Pluribus Unum . " More information is available at the U.S. Mint 's web site www.usmint.gov or by calling 1-800-USA-MINT  872-6468  .	National Federation of the Blind can receive surcharges from sales of the coins Mintage of the coin , which is 90 percent silver , will be limited to 400,000 Initial prices will be from $ 31.95 to $ 37.95 . Regular prices will be $ 33.95 to $ 41.95
The father of a friend of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev spoke in support of his son Sunday , saying he was simply in the "  wrong place ,  at the  wrong time , with  the  wrong people . " Amir Ismagulov is the father of Azamat Tazhayakov , one of three friends charged in connection with the case . Tazhayakov and Dias Kadyrbayev are accused of obstruction of justice . They have already waived their right to bail . Robel Phillipos , charged with lying to investigators , will appear in court Monday and will ask to be released on bond , his lawyers said in a court filing . The FBI says that on April 18 the three friends went to Tsarnaev 's college dorm room at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth . Authorities believe two of the men -- Tazhayakov and Kadyrbayev -- removed items from the room , including a laptop and a backpack loaded with fireworks . Here are the latest developments in their cases : Azamat Tazhayakov Tazhayakov 's father , who lives in Kazakhstan , spoke to CNN in New York . He said he met with his son last week for about 40 minutes . Both father and son believe in the U.S. justice system , Ismagulov said . The government will get to the bottom of what happened and let Tazhayakov go , said the father , speaking in Russian . Tazhayakov is due back in court May 14 . He was already in federal custody on immigration charges related to his student visa , having been arrested in the days after the bombings due to his friendship with Tsarnaev . The Kazakhstan native is charged with obstruction of justice . If found guilty , he could face up to five years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines . He is being represented by Arkady Bukh , an attorney based in New York . Ismagulov said his son always admired and wanted to come to the United States . He was here to study engineering and work in the oil business , his father said . Teenagers sometimes do stupid things , said Ismagulov , stressing that his son did n't know he was doing anything wrong . He was in the "  wrong place ,  at the  wrong time , with  the  wrong people , " he said . Ismagulov said that he asked his son whether he had wanted to help Tsarnaev . He apparently told his father no , saying that if they had wanted to help Tsarnaev , he and Kadyrbayev would have thrown out the bombing suspect 's laptop and buried his backpack in the ground . Investigators found the backpack , loaded with fireworks , in a landfill after a two-day search . Tsarnaev 's laptop was turned over by Kadyrbayev on April 19 , the same day the FBI raided the apartment he shared with Tazhayakov , Kadyrbayev 's attorney Robert Stahl said . According to the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth , Tazhayakov is enrolled , but was suspended pending the outcome of the case . Robel Phillipos Lawyers for the Boston native say he was a "  frightened and confused 19-year-old " when authorities questioned him several times in the days following the April 15 bombing , which killed three people and wounded more than 260 . Police believe Tsarnaev and his older brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , set off the two bombs near the race 's finish line . Phillipos was under tremendous pressure when he was interrogated and did n't have an attorney at the time to help him , according to his lawyers , Derege Demissie and Susan Church . In a request for bond filed in federal court , the attorneys say their client 's future has been ruined by the arrest . "  He will suffer its enduring and devastating effect for the rest of his life . The only way he can salvage his future is by clearing his name , " the documents say . Phillipos is accused of lying to federal agents and faces up to eight years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted . He attended high school with the younger Tsarnaev at Cambridge Rindge and Latin School in Cambridge , Massachusetts , where they both live . According to the court document , Phillipos had n't seen or talked to Dzhokhar Tsarnaev for at least two months before the bombing . He was taking a semester off from UMass-Dartmouth and was only on campus the night of April 18 for a seminar . The document says Phillipos ' presence on campus that night is a case of "  sheer coincidence and bad luck . " Phillipos was living with his mother , an Ethiopian who immigrated to the United States in the 1980s and is now employed as a social worker . "  Everyone knows Robel as being a compassionate , thoughtful and sociable person , " his mother , Genet Bekele , said in an affidavit . Previously , a friend described Phillipos as a good kid who took care of his mom . James Turney told CNN affiliate WBZ : "  Phillipos plays basketball and does n't have ` any anti-American thing about him . ' " Dias Kadyrbayev Kadyrbayev also remains in jail , awaiting a May 14 court date . According to an FBI affidavit , Kadyrbayev had seen pictures of the suspects released by the FBI on April 18 and texted Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to tell him "  he looked like the suspect on television . " Tsarnaev texted back "  lol " and added , "  come to my room and take whatever you want . " ' Attorney Stahl also said his client "  did not have anything to do " with the bombings and disputed that he tried to block the investigation . Kadyrbayev , a Kazakh national , was taken into custody along with Tazhayakov on April 20 on suspicion that he had violated the terms of his student visa , Stahl said . According to an interview his father gave in April , Kadyrbayev , 19 , "  missed a couple , or maybe several classes . " "  I can say about my son that he finished school with excellent grades ; he was good at math . He helped others . When he saw that help was needed , he always accommodated , " Murat Kadyrbayev told Tengi News and STV channel in Kazakhstan . Kadyrbayev is not currently enrolled at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth . He is charged with obstruction of justice and could face up to five years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines if found guilty . Kazakhstan 's foreign ministry said it was offering consular services to both Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov . "  We would like to emphasize that our citizens did not receive charges of involvement in the organization of the Boston Marathon bombings . They were charged with destroying evidence , " the ministry said in a statement .	Azamat Tazhayakov 's father speaks to CNN after meeting with his son He says Tazhayakov was in the "  wrong place ,  at the  wrong time , with  the  wrong people " Tazhayakov and Dias Kadyrbayev are due back in court on May 14 Robel Phillipos faces a bail hearing Monday
