WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A number of atheists and non-religious organizations want Barack Obama 's inauguration ceremony to leave out all references to God and religion . President-elect Barack Obama will use the Bible Abraham Lincoln used for his inauguration . In a lawsuit filed Tuesday in Washington , the plaintiffs demand that the words "  so help me God " not be added to the end of the president 's oath of office . In addition , the lawsuit objects to plans for ministers to deliver an invocation and a benediction in which they may discuss God and religion . An advance copy of the lawsuit was posted online by Michael Newdow , a California doctor and lawyer who has filed similar and unsuccessful suits over inauguration ceremonies in 2001 and 2005 . Joining Newdow in the suit are groups advocating religious freedom or atheism , including the American Humanist Association , the Freedom from Religion Foundation and atheist groups from Minnesota ; Seattle , Washington ; and Florida . The new lawsuit says in part , "  There can be no purpose for placing ` so help me God ' in an oath or sponsoring prayers to God , other than promoting the particular point of view that God exists . " Newdow said references to God during inauguration ceremonies violate the Constitution 's ban on the establishment of religion . Newdow and other plaintiffs say they want to watch the inaugural either in person or on television . As atheists , they contend , having to watch a ceremony with religious components will make them feel excluded and stigmatized . "  Plaintiffs are placed in the untenable position of having to choose between not watching the presidential inauguration or being forced to countenance endorsements of purely religious notions that they expressly deny , " according to the lawsuit . Among those named in the lawsuit are Chief Justice of the United States John Roberts , who is expected to swear in the new president ; the Presidential Inauguration Committee ; the Joint Congressional Committee on Inauguration Ceremonies and its chairwoman , Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California ; and the Armed Forces Inaugural Committee and its commander , Maj. Gen. Richard Rowe Jr. . The two ministers scheduled to participate in the ceremony also are named : the Rev. Rick Warren and the Rev. Joseph Lowery . The document includes a quotation from Warren on atheists : "  I could not vote for an atheist because an atheist says , ' I do n't need God . ' " Newdow told CNN that he did n't name President-elect Barack Obama in the suit because in addition to participating as a government official at the ceremony , he possesses rights as an individual that allow him to express religious beliefs . "  If he chooses to ask for God 's help , I 'm not going to challenge him , " Newdow said . "  I think it 's unwise . " Newdow said that as a member of a racial minority , Obama should have respect for atheists , who also are members of a minority . Newdow said religious references in the inauguration ceremony send a message to non-believers . "  The message here is , we who believe in God are the righteous , the real Americans , " he said . Newdow said it 's unconstitutional to imply that atheists and others are not as good . He acknowledged that his suit is unlikely to be successful . "  I have no doubt I 'll lose , " he said , adding that he hoped to eventually succeed through appeals and hoped future inauguration ceremonies would exclude religious references .	Atheists want references to religion removed from inaugural ceremony Groups object to "  so help me God " at end of oath , benediction by pastor "  I have no doubt I 'll lose , " says California lawyer who filed lawsuit
CNN  -- Newcastle manager Alan Pardew 's head-butt on an opposition player has landed him with an improper conduct charge by the English Football Association  FA  and the prospect of a lengthy ban . As widely expected , the FA acted swiftly Monday to charge the 52-year-old Pardew , who has until March 6 to respond . "  Due to the serious violent and/or aggressive nature of the reported behavior this case has been designated as non-standard , " a statement on the official FA website said . Newcastle 's English Premier League match Saturday at Hull City 's KC stadium was in the 72nd minute when Pardew was involved with an altercation with the home side 's David Meyler , who was retrieving a ball for a throw in . Pardew , who had been standing in his side 's technical area , made a forward movement with his head , which was spotted by referee Kevin Friend , who sent him to the stands . Newcastle won the match 4-1 , but within hours of the match finishing the club took disciplinary action against Pardew , fining him Â # 100,000  $ 168,000  and warning him about his future behavior . Pardew , who has been manager of the north-east club since December 2010 , "  unreservedly apologized " for his actions in a statement on the club 's website . But he has previous history of controversial touchline incidents , as far back as 2006 tangling with Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger when he was in charge at West Ham . In March 2012 came another set to with then Sunderland boss Martin O'Neill , while later that year his touchline shove of a linesman in the season-opener against Tottenham Hotspur earned his a two-match touchline ban from the FA and a hefty fine . Earlier Monday , Pardew learned he would not face police action over his head-butt . Humberside Police confirmed it had received no complaint from Meyler and would be content to let the FA deal with the matter . "  Whilst we appreciate that some people may have found the behavior displayed at the game on Saturday offensive , Humberside Police will not be taking any further action , " read a statement . Saturday 's victory left Newcastle in eighth position in the Premier League , but with little prospect of qualifying for European football next season .	English FA charge Alan Pardew with improper conduct Newcastle manager Pardew head-butted an opposition player during EPL match Has been fined $ 168,000 by his club FA describe case as ` non-standard '
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi Olympic Committee said Saturday it stands by its decision to disband the country 's soccer association -- a move that led to the association 's suspension from international football . World governing body FIFA said Friday it had decided to suspend the Iraqi Football Association  IFA  because of the Iraqi Olympic Committee 's move to disband it . FIFA described that as governmental interference . The suspension means Iraqi soccer clubs and teams may not play in international matches or receive financial assistance , though FIFA made an exception for Iraqi female players to play in a weeklong under-16 regional football festival in Jordan starting Sunday . FIFA said it learned Monday that the Iraqi Olympic Committee had disbanded the IFA and that governmental security forces had seized control of the IFA headquarters . FIFA officials gave the committee 72 hours to revoke the decision and hand the headquarters back to the IFA . "  The deadline has expired without revocation of the decision by the Iraqi Olympic Committee and the IFA has not been restored to its headquarters , " FIFA said in a statement Friday . "  The FIFA Emergency Committee has therefore decided to immediately suspend the IFA until the decision of the Iraqi Olympic Committee is revoked and the IFA retakes possession of its offices . " The Iraqi Olympic Committee 's actions are in "  total contradiction " to FIFA statutes , which require national teams to have full independence , FIFA said . Two top Iraqi officials said Saturday the decision to disband the IFA was based on financial and administrative irregularities and violations , and that they were not surprised by FIFA 's decision and had expected it . Samir al-Moussawi , a senior member of the Iraqi Olympic Committee , told CNN he was hopeful the issue could be resolved with FIFA in the coming days , and that the Olympic committee had international lawyers working on the issue . He denied , however , that government security forces had seized IFA headquarters , saying the men were protection services personnel guarding the building . Ali al-Dabbagh , the Iraqi government spokesman who has been delegated for months to deal with the International Olympic Committee , told CNN he will work on cooperating with FIFA 's demands and holding transparent IFA elections . He said the suspension "  will not have a major effect " on Iraqi football because the national team has no international matches scheduled over the next six months . It is the second time FIFA has suspended Iraqi football . The first time was in May last year , after the Iraqi government dissolved the national Olympic committee and all national sports federations . FIFA lifted the ban after the Iraqi government excluded the IFA from dissolution . Iraqi soccer has come a long way since the days of Saddam Hussein , when Hussein 's son , Uday , was president of the Iraqi Olympic Committee and regularly threatened players with physical violence and torture if they played poorly . The national soccer team has continued playing , however , and has been viewed as something that has united Iraqis across sectarian lines . Although Iraq has not qualified for next year 's World Cup in South Africa , the national team was able to celebrate becoming the Asia champions in 2007 . In July , Iraq played its first home game since 2002 , beating its Palestinian opponents 4-0 . Tens of thousands attended the match in the capital after FIFA lifted its ban on international games in Iraq . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Iraqi Olympic Committee stands by decision to disband Iraqi football association FIFA banned Iraq from international competition following move Iraq won Asian championship in 2007 but failed to reach next year 's World Cup
CNN  -- Victoria Arter was outraged when she heard the announcement over the Wal-Mart loudspeaker . "  Attention , Wal-Mart shoppers , " she said a male voice announced . "  All blacks need to leave the store . " "  We waited and waited . Some people just left their carts in disgust and said they could n't believe it , " Arter told Philly.com , a CNN affiliate . It was busy shortly before 7 p.m. Sunday at the Turnersville , New Jersey , Wal-Mart Supercenter . Arter , a 29-year-old assistant bank manager who is black , did n't know what was going on , but she was not happy . Neither were other customers , who began dialing their cell phones and demanding answers from managers . Some were just quiet , still in shock at what they 'd heard . A few moments later , a store manager got on the public address system and began apologizing and contacted the local police . This week , authorities have said they 're investigating the episode as "  a suspected bias intimidation crime . " Arter frequently shopped at the Wal-Mart , but she wo n't go there any longer , she told the Philadelphia online news source . "  It could have led to violence , " Arter told Philly.com . "  It could have triggered someone who was having a bad day . I do n't want to be an innocent bystander to something because of someone 's not-so-funny joke . " "  I ca n't go back in , " said Patricia Covington , who was also in the store and spoke to Philly.com . "  I went to Target instead . I ca n't bring myself to go back in there . " She and her friend Sheila Ellington were checking out when they heard the announcement . An attorney , Ellington is also a member of the Gloucester County Minority Coalition . Both were frightened , unsure of whether the person on the microphone was going to do something violent . "  This voice was controlled and confident , " Ellington told Philly.com . "  It did n't appear to be a prank . " The discount chain is "  just as appalled by this as anyone , " Wal-Mart corporate spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said . "  Whoever did this is wrong and acted in an inappropriate manner . " Police and prosecutors are reviewing security camera video from the store . Any of the 25 in-store telephones could have accessed the public address system , although not all phones are within range of surveillance cameras , authorities said . It 's unclear whether the tape will be made public to help identify the speaker . The store has 700 employees ; many are part-time . Some of the store 's telephones can be accessed by customers .	Male said on PA system that black people should leave store "  Some people just left their carts in disgust , " one customer said Wal-Mart "  just as appalled by this as anyone , " spokesman says Local police are investigating incident
It used to be as simple as folding a piece of paper up your sleeve or writing on the inside of your wrist . But now , as students across the world ready themselves for exam season , cheating is going high tech . With smartwatches , smartpens and Google glasses now on the market , the modern pupil has an array of gadgets to trick the sharpest pair of eyes . Educators now need to spot -- not just keep up with -- the latest tech inventions . "  I do think wearable technology is going to be an issue , " Larry Rosen , psychology professor at California State University , told CNN . The Educational Testing Service , or ETS , is likely to be "  grappling with this for the SAT , GRE and other standardized exams that they administer , " he said . There are "  unanticipated consequences " of rules that lag behind technology , Rosen added . Governments are starting to respond to the high-tech threat , according to the UK Department For Education . Schools are expected to take "  appropriate action " on cheating , it said in a statement , and report the incident to the exam boards . The invisible threat But some devices are near impossible to see -- such as the so-called "  invisible " Bluetooth earpieces . They work with a tiny microphone , which is synced to a Bluetooth cell phone . They can enable questions , whispered from exam rooms , to be answered from someone outside the room . Taylor Ellis , associate dean at the University of Central Florida , heads its testing center and is familiar with the tactic . Examiners are trained to look for suspicious behavior and "  if we observe a student waving their pen in front of the computer , or if I see them waving their wrist close to it , these are all signs that they 're probably taking a photo of the screen , " Ellis said . "  That 's when we intervene . " The center is equipped with cameras so , once the exam is over , Ellis can review the footage to pick up any suspect activity he may have missed . "  I tell my staff we ca n't stop cheating , but I will find out about it . " China shows way to future China has been at the forefront of the tech cheating crackdown . Its schools and universities have been using technology to combat high-tech cheating for over a year . Among other anti-cheating tactics , staff members monitor radio signals and check students with scanners . Such advanced technology could , some argue , make teachers redundant . "  It 's hard to find a teacher who 's up on what 's happening in the tech world , " digital media consultant Shelly Palmer said . "  They do n't know about the latest wearable technology , you only see that in medical schools or in a research lab . " Palmer told CNN a complete overhaul of the education system was needed . Factoids and long division is a wasted skill in today 's society because in the future , a child will never be without a computer , he said . "  There was a time when you had to build a house and you needed the tools to do that , but most of us no longer translate mechanical energy into wealth , we do n't plough the fields , " Palmer added . Palmer said children would be better served by learning with such high-tech tools , rather than being separated from them . These days , it 's "  intellectual property " that is translated into wealth , he said . Read more : Keep kids from cheating in schoolRead more : South Korea cheating scandal hits university bidsRead more : Allegations of widespread	High-tech gadgets can be used by students to cheat in exams Examiners are trained to look for leads and hidden electronic equipment Some devices can not be spotted , such as "  invisible " Bluetooth earpieces Teachers could become redundant , some argue , because of technology
Beijing  CNN  -- The death toll may climb after a series of earthquakes in southwestern China killed at least 80 people and injured 731 , a state-run news agency reported Saturday . More than 6,600 homes were destroyed and about 430,000 damaged in Friday 's quakes , Xinhua said . 7.6-magnitude quake rattles Costa Rican coast Premier Wen Jiabao inspected stricken areas early Saturday and visited the injured , the news agency reported . Wen will direct rescue operations . President Hu Jintao called for immediate relief efforts , according to China Central Television . Xinhua reported that 100,000 people have been evacuated and another 100,000 are in need of relocation . Initial estimates put the "  direct economic losses " from the tremors at more than half a billion dollars , the news agency said . Xinhua described the mountainous area hit hard by the quakes as poverty-stricken . It said telecommunications and traffic infrastructure were seriously damaged . Four earthquakes struck near the border of the provinces of Yunnan and Guizhou between 11:19 a.m. and 1:12 p.m. local time , the U.S. Geological Survey said . Their magnitudes ranged between 4.8 and 5.6 , according to the U.S. agency . Strong offshore quake kills 1 in the Philippines The first quake took place near the border between Yiliang County in Yunnan and Weining County in Guizhou , Xinhua said . All four quakes struck at a depth of about 10 kilometers  six miles  , the USGS said . The southwestern region of China is prone to earthquakes . In May 2008 , a magnitude 7.9 quake in Sichuan province caused widespread devastation , killing at least 69,000 people . CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao visits stricken areas The quakes hit near the border of Yunnan and Guizhou provinces in southwest China Their magnitudes range between 4.8 and 5.6 , the U.S. Geological Survey says More than 430,000 houses are damaged and 6,600 destroyed , state media reports
CNN  -- Roger Federer began preparations for the defense of his Wimbledon title by cruising into the quarterfinals with a crushing victory over German wildcard Cedrik-Marcel Stebe at the Halle Open Wednesday . The 17-time grand slam winner needed just 67 minutes to record a 6-3 6-3 win in his first outing since losing to France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga at the quarterfinal stage of the French Open . Federer suffered defeat playing alongside Tommy Haas in the doubles on Monday but bounced back in comfortable fashion . "  I was satisfied with my performance even if there were things I could have done better , " the world number three told reporters . "  I hope to get stronger with each match . " Federer , 31 , has not won a single title this season and is keen to get to add to the five crowns he has already won at the German tournament . The Swiss ace has reached the final seven times , winning five of those between 2003-2008 , while he lost out in 2010 to Lleyton Hewitt , and to Germany 's Haas last year . "  Any title is good for your confidence , " he added . "  I want to be in the best position to do well here in Halle then at Wimbledon . I feel that my best chance is here . " Federer will face German Mischa Zverev , ranked 156 in the world , in the next round . One man who wo n't be playing at Wimbledon is France 's Gael Monfils , who has withdrawn from the tournament for personal reasons . "  I 've withdrawn my request for a wildcard because I 've got a small personal problem to sort out during the coming week , " he told reporters following his second round win over Jan Hernych in Halle . "  Something unexpected has come up in the first week of Wimbledon . " Monfils , ranked 67 in the world , is expected to compete at the Stuttgart clay-court tournament which starts on July 8 . Elsewhere at Halle , Japan 's Kei Nishikori suffered a shock three-set defeat by Russia ' Mikhail Youzhny . The Russian , 30 , claimed a surprise 6-1 6-7 6-3 win after a battle which lasted over two hours . Meanwhile , former World No. 1 Lleyton Hewitt pulled off an impressive straight sets win over Bulgaria 's rising star Grigor Dimitrov at Queen 's Club in London . Hewitt , who won at Wimbledon in 2002 , prevailed 6-4 6-3 in just 68 minutes . "  Today 's victory is going to help me immensely , " he told the ATP website . "  I feel like in practice , I have been hitting the ball great . It was just a matter of doing it on the match court . "  My first match was n't pretty , but I fought hard and got through it . That 's what I needed to do . Then today it was a classy performance . " Hewitt will play 2010 winner Sam Querrey for a place in the quarterfinals . Elsewhere , there were victories for Tomas Berdych , Alexandr Dolgopolov and British wild card Dan Evans . Andy Murray 's match against Nicolas Mahut was suspended because of rain after the Briton had taken the first set 6-3 .	Roger Federer wins opening match at Halle Open in Germany The 17-time grand slam winner yet to pick up a title this year Gael Monfils withdraws from Wimbledon for personal reasons Lleyton Hewitt shocks Grigor Dimitrov at Queen 's Club
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea on Monday fired more projectiles into the sea off its east coast , South Korean officials said , urging Pyongyang to refrain from "  tension-creating acts . " But Pyongyang described the launches as a "  regular military exercise . " The South Korean Defense Ministry still needs to analyze exactly what the North has been firing for the past three days , said Choi Yong-su , an official in the ministry representative 's office . They could be short-range missiles or a new kind of large-caliber artillery rocket , the ministry said . The North fired three projectiles into waters off its east coast Saturday and a fourth Sunday . It fired two more Monday , Choi said . The short-range launches have n't so far caused major concern in Seoul or Washington . North Korea last fired this kind of projectile as recently as March , South Korea said . Nuclear weapons : Who has what ? Accusations of escalation The office of South Korean President Park Geun-hye said Monday that the North "  should not engage in tension-creating acts , " Yonhap reported . A government statement carried Monday by the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency described the activities over the weekend as "  rocket launching drills . " It said the South 's reaction to them was "  another unpardonable challenge . " "  Their description of the drills as a factor of escalating the tension on the peninsula and in the region reminds one of a thief crying , ` Stop the thief ! ' " the statement said . This month 's launches come after Pyongyang last week criticized the presence of a U.S. nuclear-powered aircraft carrier in a South Korean port and its reported participation in joint naval drills . The stop in Busan by the USS Nimitz and its strike group signified a move "  to escalate the tension and ignite a nuclear war against " North Korea , the state-run newspaper Rodong Sinmun said in a commentary last week . Also last week , North Korea announced that Kenneth Bae , a U.S. citizen it had sentenced to hard labor , had begun his stay at a "  special prison . " Bae , whom the North Koreans call Pae Jun Ho , was arrested in November . The North says he wanted to bring down Kim Jong Un 's regime , but the U.S. and his family say he was just a tour operator . North Korea is considered to have one of the most repressive penal systems in the world . Human rights groups estimate that as many as 200,000 people are being held in a network of prison camps that the regime is believed to use to crush political dissent . Before last week , tensions in the region had eased from a period in March and April that included near daily North Korean threats of war against South Korea and the United States . U.S. and South Korean officials feared at that time that Kim 's regime was planning to carry out a test launch of longer-range ballistic missiles , believed to be Musudans . The South Korean government says Musudans have a maximum range of 3,500 kilometers  2,175 miles  . North Korea 's missile capabilities Missiles or artillery ? On Monday , South Korean Defense Ministry Spokesman Kim Min-seok said it remained unclear exactly what the North has been firing over the past few days . "  There is a possibility that the projectiles are either short-range missiles or large-caliber rockets with a similar trajectory as short-range missiles , " he said at a regular news briefing in Seoul . South Korea suspects that North Korea is still developing large-caliber rockets and is n't yet capable of deploying them , Kim Min-seok said . That could mean the North 's recent launches are tests of the weaponry . "  Large-caliber means bigger destructive power , so the threat can be greater , " he warned . Andrew Salmon , a journalist and author based in Seoul , said over the weekend that North Korea 's short-range launches should not cause the same degree of concern as the launch of a satellite or medium-range Musudan missile . "  It 's a short-range tactical weapon . If any other country launched this kind of weapon , it 's a routine test , nobody would be too worried . It 's really simply because it 's North Korea doing this that it raises concerns , " he said . South Korean officials have n't so far said any of the projectiles were aimed at the South . Tensions on the Korean Peninsula flared in recent months after the North 's long-range rocket launch in December and underground nuclear test in February , both of which were widely condemned . Pyongyang 's fiery rhetoric intensified in March , when the U.N. Security Council voted to tighten sanctions on the regime after the nuclear test . Annual U.S.-South Korean military drills in South Korea also fueled the North 's anger , especially when the United States carried out displays of strength that included nuclear-capable B-2 stealth bombers . North Korea is demanding recognition as a nuclear power , something the United States refuses to accept . READ MORE : More tests will take North Korea closer to nuclear missile , Pentagon says READ MORE : North Korea says it wo n't warn South Korea before an attack Journalist Yoonjung Seo reported from Seoul , and CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark in London contributed to this report .	North Korea says the launches are a "  regular military exercise " North Korea has fired six projectiles into the sea over the past three days , Seoul says The South says they could be short-range missiles or large-scale artillery The North last week criticized the presence of a U.S. aircraft carrier in the region
CNN  -- Britons , Germans and other tourists on the Spanish island of Mallorca "  can feel safe because they are n't targets of the ETA terrorist band , " which recently bombed the popular resort , Spain 's interior minister said Tuesday . Police cordon off the route leading to the location of the blasts in Palma de Mallorca . "  People should feel safe because security forces are on top of this , " Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba told a nationally-televised news conference in Madrid . Rubalcaba 's comments followed the Sunday explosions on Mallorca of what he said were four small ETA bombs that caused no injuries , and two weeks after an ETA car bomb killed two Civil Guard officers on the same Mediterranean island . But Rubalcaba said police are n't sure if the ETA militants behind the bombings remain in hiding on the island or have left , and he warned repeatedly that the Basque separatist group could attack again . "  We are on maximum alert in Mallorca and the rest of Spain , " Rubalcaba said . "  ETA , when it can , attacks , so you ca n't rule out that they wo n't attack again . We try to prevent them from doing so . " Watch background behind ETA 's decades-long struggle " The island 's regional government told CNN on Monday that since the bombings , there have been no "  significant " tourist cancellations . Tens of thousands of Britons and Germans are vacationing on Mallorca , as is Spain 's King Juan Carlos and the royal family . ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for Basque independence . Police initially attributed three small bombs on Sunday to ETA , which is listed as a terrorist group by Spain , the United States and the European Union . But Tuesday , Rubalcaba confirmed that police believe a fourth bomb also was ETA 's work . Some local authorities initially thought it might have been just an accidental gas explosion . Three of the bombs exploded in the restrooms of restaurants and a bar in the main city , Palma de Mallorca , and the other was placed in the restroom of an underground commercial area beneath a main square . Rubalcaba revealed that at least one of the bombs was in a male lavatory ; previously it was reported they were all in women 's restrooms . Rubalcaba said one of the three warning calls on Sunday preceding the attacks came from near Bordeaux , France -- ETA 's traditional rear-guard base . The warning calls , he added , provided only scant details about the bombs ' locations to police . The four small bombs were activated by timers , and one of them was hidden in a bar that had been closed since Friday . Rubalcaba reiterated the government 's position that "  these attacks do n't do anything but strengthen our determination . Those who placed the bombs will spend long years in jail and recent experience says they will . " ETA has been battered over the past 16 months by arrests of four suspected top ETA military chiefs and dozens of militants . Hours before Sunday 's bombs , ETA claimed responsibility for a series of bombings across Spain in June and July : the one that killed two Civil Guard officers , another that killed a police officer , and another that heavily damaged a Civil Guard barracks , slightly wounded dozens , including children . In a statement released to the Basque newspaper Gara , ETA said those attacks were in retaliation for the Socialist government 's crackdown on its ranks . The group said , "  What ETA has been looking for during long decades is a negotiated political solution . " But Rubalcaba recently ruled out a resumption of negotiations that his government tried without success in 2006 during an ETA cease-fire . Spanish media last week cited numerous politicians and analysts who suggested that ETA 's recent spate of violence might be trying to force the government back to the negotiating table .	Spanish officials say ETA not targeting tourists on island of Mallorca Four bombs detonated on Sunday with no injuries Two Civil Guard officers killed on Mallorca two weeks earlier
CNN  -- This week on The Big Three we say bye bye to Michele Bachmann ; comedian Russell Brand joins us  naked , apparently  to talk about his column condemning group-blame in the wake of the brutal beheading of a British soldier ; and Dean and Margaret offer their take on a commencement address for the Class of 2013 . First , one of the most polarizing figures in American politics decided not to run for re-election this week . I think I heard church bells ringing in reaction . Congresswoman Michele Bachmann was briefly an icon of the tea party movement and even pursued an ill-advised presidential campaign that resulted in numerous -- and ongoing -- ethics investigations . Bachmann used her 15 minutes of fame to divide and demagogue our national debates , routinely accusing opponents of being anti-American and parroting conspiracy theories from her congressional pulpit . Her frequently fact-free accusations made her a favorite on the far-right , but interestingly it is liberal Democrats like Dean who already think they 're going to miss her the most , while Margaret sees her departure as a win for reforming the Republican Party . Russell Brand is best known as a British comedian and TV/film star , who , in addition to co-starring in the upcoming animated film "  Despicable Me 2 , " is also a Solzhenitzyn-quoting , part-time essayist . In the wake of the barbaric beheading of a soldier in London , Brand wrote an essay in The Sun called "  Blame this on madness ... not Muslims . " Click here to hear podcast Dean was particularly touched by the effort to defend the Muslim community from the ugly passions stirred by group blame . Brand 's perspective is that mental illness is more at fault in the attack than the influence of radical Islam and that root causes must be analyzed , as well . While I agree with Brand 's assertion that we ca n't let extremists determine the terms of debate for the rest of society , especially when their goal is to take us off center by inspiring further hate and distrust , I 'm not convinced that taking troops out of Afghanistan would stop terrorism -- and , unlike Brand , I think that evil exists . But it 's a lively , thoughtful conversation -- especially considering that Brand informed us afterward that he conducted it naked looking in a mirror . Which is a sideways segue to commemorating the end of another college year . Yes , its commencement address season and already words of wisdom are being dispensed on college campuses across the country by the likes of Stephen Colbert , President Obama and Wolf Blitzer . The millennial generation is coming of age and we debate whether the "  everybody gets a trophy " ethos  plus the uphill economic climb  has left them well prepared for life after college . Dean orates a commencement address of his own , while Margaret and I dispense our advice  you have to be willing to work hard if you want to follow your bliss  . Plus , I trot out a dimly remembered quote I like : "  The only place where success comes before work is the dictionary . " Our collective consensus slogan : Ladies and gentlemen of the Class of 2013 : Lower your expectations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	CNN Radio podcast features CNN Opinion contributors and a guest on top three stories John Avlon : Departing Michele Bachmann has been a symbol for worst in U.S. politics Russell Brand : Blame mental illness for England hacking attack , not Muslims Hoover , Obeidallah , Avlon offer advice for class of 2013 : Success needs hard work
CNN  -- The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly known as the FARC , released a soldier hostage on Saturday , the International Committee of the Red Cross reported . The soldier , identified as Josue Alvarez , was captured on January 30 in Narino , a department in southwest Colombia . He was released in that same department to a humanitarian team . "  We hope Mr. Alvarez will soon be reunited with his family , " Jordi Raich , head of the ICRC delegation in Colombia , said in a statement . "  We are delighted that the operation went smoothly . " ICRC said it has facilitated the release of eight people this week , including Alvarez , two police officers , also held by the FARC , and five civilians , held by a second rebel group , known as the National Liberation Army , or ELN . The five civilians who were captured January 18 work for a mining company . The police officers were taken in Valle del Cauca , another department in southwest Colombia , and had been held since January 25 . Their releases come amid peace talks between the government and the FARC . The two sides have been at war since the 1960s . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has said he wants talks wrapped up by November . There have been sporadic attempts at peace in the past . The last effort fell apart in 2002 . Then-President Andres Pastrana ceded an area the size of Switzerland to the guerrilla group , but he ended negotiations after rebels launched a series of attacks across the country in an apparent bid to strengthen their position . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Soldier was captured by the FARC late last month He is at least the eighth person freed this week FARC rebels , the government are in peace talks
London  CNN  -- For the past week , members of Britain 's armed forces have been taking part in major exercises to prepare for the Olympics in London later this summer . Alongside the emergency drills and simulated alarms , designed to ready the city for potential terror threats to the 2012 Games , soldiers have also practiced launching missiles from the city 's rooftops . The residents of an exclusive apartment complex in London 's East End were horrified to discover that the UK Ministry of Defence planned to site ground-to-air rocket launchers from the roof of their homes . Now one historian has called on them to channel the spirits of the factory workers who once worked where they now live , and insist that the missiles are removed . Today Bow Quarter is an upscale gated community , complete with swimming pool , gymnasium , private gardens and its own restaurant , bar and shop . Makeup artist Susan Aherne , who has lived in the complex for 18 months , told CNN she was attracted to the complex by its air of security -- but now fears the missiles will mean her home becomes a terrorist target . "  I 'm frightened of getting my head blown off , " she said . "  I moved here because it 's a gated community and it made me feel safe , but now it feels like we 're living inside some military compound . They say it 's going to make us safe , but in fact it 's going to make us a target . They 're going to convert a residential area into a war zone . " And security guard Mohammed Miah , who lives opposite Bow Quarter , agreed : "  If terrorists are a threat , this is now the first place they 're going to come . Also , if something attacks us from the sky and they shoot it down , where is it going to land ? This is a residential neighborhood , loads of families , loads of kids . It just does n't make any sense bringing missile launchers here . " The Ministry of Defence says it chose Bow Quarter because "  it is situated close to the Olympic Park and offers an excellent view of the surrounding area , and the entire sky above the Olympic Park . " It says the ground-to-air missile system "  is operated by fully trained and experienced soldiers , " and insists "  it does not pose any hazard to residents , " adding that the missiles will be guarded 24 hours a day by a team of military personnel and police . For many of those living inside the high walls and security gates , what annoys them most is that no-one asked their opinion . Neil Midgley , Bow Quarter resident and one of the journalists who broke the story of the missiles , told CNN : "  In a Western democracy in 2012 , I do n't think the army should occupy private land without consulting the people who live there and getting their consent . "  People are grown-ups , they understand that the Olympics need to be protected , but there are questions : Do the missiles make us a target ? If they are fired , where does the debris fall ? And who pays for any damage caused ? " Bow Quarter was not always so glamorous and gentrified . The site was once home to the Bryant and May match factory , notorious for the horrific working conditions inside its walls -- until , that is , the mainly female workers rose up and demanded action , and changed British society for good in the process . The "  match girls " at Bryant and May were paid a pittance -- less than five shillings a week -- and those earnings were frequently whittled away by a system of fines imposed for "  offenses " including talking , lateness , talking , and dropping matches . In addition , the dangerous white phosphorous they worked with on a daily basis made them very sick , Louise Raw , historian and author of "  Striking a Light : The Bryant and May Matchwomen and their place in Labour history , " told CNN . Many were in poor health because of their work , left bald from carrying heavy boxes on their heads and suffering the horrific industrial disease known as "  phossy jaw " -- the necrosis of their jaw bones caused by the white phosphorus used in the matches . "  They were physically very frail , " Raw said . "  They were working in the factory from the age of 10 or 11 -- sometimes even younger . Their growth was stunted , they were malnourished , and the phosphorus made them really ill . "  It 's terrible stuff : Back then people used it to commit suicide or to cause abortions , and these women were working with it everyday . It made them really sick . The average life expectancy was just 25 . " Disgusted by working conditions at the factory , feminist and social campaigner Annie Besant wrote a crusading article , "  White Slavery in London " which brought the suffering of the match girls to a wider audience . They were , she wrote : "  Undersized because under-fed , oppressed because helpless , flung aside as soon as worked out . Who cares if they die or go on the streets provided only that Bryant & May shareholders get their 23 % . " Bryant and May were furious , but when they tried to force the workers to sign a statement insisting they were happy with their treatment , the matchmakers refused , and when one of their number was fired , they walked out . But despite the match girls ' lowly status , the resulting strike garnered the backing of high-profile supporters including playwright George Bernard Shaw , and led to a boycott of the company 's products . "  The match women were the lowest of the low , " said Raw . "  They were a wild and wonderful bunch : factory girls , working class , they were loud and dressed in colorful clothes -- they really had polite Victorian society reaching for the smelling salts . "  In contrast , Bryant and May were big , powerful men , and yet they had to give in to them . " Within weeks , the company reluctantly accepted the strikers ' demands for improved pay and conditions , an end to the system of fines . The match girls went on to found the first union for female workers in Britain , and their actions helped shape the modern Labour movement . That a location of such importance to workers ' rights should be the site of "  undemocratic " actions today is not lost on those who live there -- or their supporters . Twitter user Anne McCrossan  @Annemcx  was among those quick to point out the irony : "  Laughable that BQ was the site of emancipation in the past , but authoritarian control today , is this the spirit of the games ? " Raw said the match women should be an inspiration to those at Bow Quarter who were unhappy at the MoD 's decision . "  It is such Bryant and May-like behaviour to stick missiles on the roof without asking , " she told CNN . "  The match women would n't have stood for it . They were , in theory , completely powerless in the face of authority -- nobody thought they could change anything , but they stood together and they did change things -- they had a huge influence . "  It was a victory for people power , and they are an example to us all . " But Midgley said he doubted that the residents would take action in quite the same way . "  I wish I could tell you I think there will be a Bow Quarter uprising , a Bow Quarter Spring over this , but I doubt it . "  In reality , people are very concerned , and they have questions which will need to be answered . If they are not , then people will try to stop it . " CNN 's George Webster contributed to this report .	British Ministry of Defence plans to place missiles on top of east London apartment block Former match factory chosen because of proximity to , and view over , Olympic Park Residents angry at lack of consultation , fear missiles will make homes a terrorist target Historian says those angry at plans could take inspiration from match girls ' strike of 1888
CNN  -- When most people think of chocolate , Swiss confectionery houses and Belgian pralines spring to mind . It 's a picturesque scene . It 's also not the truth . That chocolate bar you 're usually unwrapping from its delicate silver foil probably comes from Africa . In reality , 68 % of cocoa grown in the world is from small-family farms in Africa , with a third of the global supply hailing from a single cocoa production powerhouse in the continent : the Ivory Coast . Yet , hundreds of miles away from Ivory Coast 's fertile lands in West Africa , childhood friends Stephen Sembuya and Felix Okuye are hoping to one day become the continent 's next cocoa kings -- while helping to put their country on the global chocolate map . "  We are branding our chocolate ` Uganda , ' " says Felix Okuye , co-founder of Pink Food Industries , a food startup in Kampala . "  Uganda is not popularly known as a cocoa-producing country , " he continues . "  As we brand our chocolate , the world out there will know that there is cocoa and chocolate coming from Uganda . " The duo 's entrepreneurial journey started after Sembuya inherited his family cocoa plantation . But instead of following the usual path of producing cocoa to be exported to EU countries , the two friends decided to start manufacturing cocoa products themselves . Last May , their startup began selling a variety of locally-made treats , including milk chocolate , cocoa powder , cocoa butter and white chocolate . "  We took it upon ourselves to teach ourselves , " says Okuye . "  So with the savings we had we began with the minimum , and as such we also developed artisan equipment , to process our products . " ` Small player ' The two Ugandan entrepreneurs might be working to ensure people know where their treat is coming from , but their country is still far from being considered a leading cocoa power player -- unlike countries like the Ivory Coast and Ghana . The Ivory Coast 's lion 's share is increasing year-on-year with cocoa bean production in the country expected to reach an estimated 1.730 million tons for the 2013/2014 cocoa season , compared to 1.449 million tons recorded for the previous period . In comparison , last year Uganda produced an estimated 20,000 tons of cocoa , according to data from the International Cocoa Organization  ICCO  . Ghana 's cocoa crop forecast has also increased to 920,000 tons for the 2013/2014 period ending in September , up from 835,000 tons , in part due to favorable weather conditions . Meanwhile other countries on the continent including Cameroon , Nigeria and Togo grow thousands of tons of beans per year . Despite the strong hold many West African nations have on the continent 's cocoa bean growth , all is not lost for Ugandan producers . "  We 're not talking about the same scale at all but I would say that Uganda is a smaller but significant producer at 20,000 tons , " says Michael Segal , information and media officer at the ICCO . "  In terms of volume , they have a long way to go -- having said that , there has been a lot of activity there recently . " Segal continues : "  There seems to be a lot of impetus behind developing the cocoa market and they have good experience already from having developed the coffee market . If they really got behind it , there is room in the market for them . " And it does seem like the Ugandan government has thrown its weight behind local cocoa growers , having established the Cocoa Development Board to oversee the industry from under the aegis of the Ministry of Agriculture , Animal Industry and Fisheries . John Muwanga Musisi , a coordinator from the ministry 's Cocoa Seedling Project says there is currently an estimated total of 9,000 small cocoa producers in the country , "  with well over 25,000 hectares planted with cocoa at various stages of maturity and production . " He continues : "  It is predicted that with the level of planting taking place today , -LSB- the -RSB- land area planted with cocoa will increase to over 50,000 hectares within the next five years , which will produce well over 50,000 metric tons , to earn Uganda over $ 125 million . " Big dreams In global terms , chocolate consumption across Africa is fairly uncommon , apart from South Africa and a few markets in North Africa . Yet , in recent years , the ICCO have tracked some growth in the gross import of chocolate and associated products to Uganda . "  Most of sub-saharan Africa have negligible consumption , " explains Segal . "  The fact that we are tracking some sort chocolate import -LSB- into Uganda -RSB- is an indication the local market is becoming more sophisticated . " Meanwhile back at the Pink Food Industries plantation , the founders are working to generate local buzz around the brand . Having launched just six months ago , Sembuya says they 've already had a lot of interest from Kamapla-based buyers . He adds , however , that they are n't going to pigeonhole themselves as just a chocolate startup . "  I 'm using the social media because everyone seems to be going on social media all day , " he says . "  I 'm selling a lot here in Kampala which is why I 'm getting lots of the market . I 'm selling to fewer people but -LSB- in -RSB- huge quantities . But we already have assembled a line to produce biscuits , candy and corn flakes too . " At the moment , the two enthusiastic entrepreneurs are limiting their sales to the capital but hope to branch out across the country soon . Okuye says : "  We believe that now we have a product out of our very own cocoa in our farm , we now have the confidence to promote cocoa growing in Uganda . " Read this : Unwrapping the chocolate industry Read this : Stopping carjacking criminals by SMS Read this : Meet the ` Afro-dandies ' Read this : Could wearable tech save lives ?	Two friends have launched "  Uganda " branded chocolate line The cocoa kings-in-the-making hope to help Uganda become known as a chocolate producer Face stiff competition from established African cocoa regions like Ivory Coast , Ghana
CNN  -- Chicago 's longstanding ban on handguns , which the Supreme Court this week ruled as unconstitutional , was a complete failure . Two years ago , every student in my first-period English class on the West Side of Chicago claimed to have easy access to a handgun -- even the goody-two-shoes Honors student in the front row . When I doubted her , she looked at me as if I were a fool . "  I could get you one from my uncle tonight , " she informed me with a quizzical look . "  He might ask me why I needed it , might not . " Guns were so abundant that there was only , maybe , one big fight a year among the males in our school building because it was understood that the simplest of physical confrontations too quickly could escalate into deadly shootings . "  You have to walk away from a lot , " observed one former student of mine who has lost several friends and relatives to gun violence . "  For instance , dude deserves to be beat and I know I could beat his ass , but then what ? No one is just going to take an ass-beating , they 're going to want to do something about it . " And he added , "  Then you got to worry about him and his guys jumping on you . Or more than likely , he 's going to get a gun to show that he 's not a punk . That 's how a lot of these shootings happen , it 's over nothing . " Violence was so omnipresent that when I returned to school a few days after being shot in the arm with a .22  I 'd rather not discuss  , a staggering number of students lifted their shirts to show their bullet wounds . "  What you going to do ? " they seemed to say with a shrug , as if this were everyday life . In a city where an average of four people are shot every day , the random shooting death a few years ago of an amazing , beautiful person , Alto Brown , a friend of mine , was reduced to a single line in a three-paragraph newspaper story coldly tallying weekend homicides . "  Everything happens for a reason , " the pastor said at his funeral . "  He 's now in a better place . " As gangs and their illegal guns held whole communities hostage , it seemed as if the only people prevented from possessing firearms were citizens like Keith Thomas , who was raised on the West Side and now works as a mentor to at-risk youth for an alternatives schools program in Chicago "  I do n't think anybody in their right mind would argue that more guns are a good thing , " said Thomas , who has the scar from a bullet wound on his right wrist . "  But I think the Supreme Court made the right decision . I think right now , at this point , the ban is not helping to serve any real purpose . " Thomas does not believe that the court 's decision will result in significantly more or less violence , but he does hope that the ruling will force political leaders to seek community improvements beyond just strict gun control . "  It 's not enough to just say we need more gun control . That 's not what 's causing all these problems out here , the guns are the result , " he explained . "  If we want to stop violence , we need to make real changes . That 's a lot harder and requires a lot more money than just saying no guns . " In too many low-income communities of Chicago , the schools are in shambles , quality after-school programs are scarce , well-paying jobs are almost nonexistent , and the family structure is in full crisis . It is an easy notion to disregard , but many of these children are struggling daily to thrive in an environment that fosters failure . "  We have to get them early , before they start getting lost , " Thomas said of the youth he advises , get them redirected with organizations like his and other successful mentoring interventions like the Youth Advocates Programs . "  Once they start believing there 's nothing else , that they have nothing to lose , they 're the ones most likely to do the shooting . " After a recent weekend in which 10 people were killed and 60 wounded by gunfire , Chicago Mayor Richard Daley continued to argue the necessity of a citywide gun ban . "  Look at all the guns that shot people this weekend . Where did they come from ? That is the issue . " But one must ask , truly , is it ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Will Okun .	Former Chicago high school teacher says guns were abundant in his school All students in one class claimed to have access to handguns , he says Gangs and illegal guns held communities hostage , writer says "  If we want to stop violence , we need to make real changes , " one man says
CNN  -- Paul McIlhenny , the chairman and chief executive of the company that makes Tabasco sauce , has died . He was 68 . McIlhenny Company , based in Avery Island , Louisiana , said he died Saturday . The cause of death was not immediately clear . "  All of McIlhenny Company and the McIlhenny and Avery families are deeply saddened by this news , " Tony Simmons , president of McIlhenny Company , said in a statement Sunday . "  We will clearly miss Paul 's devoted leadership but will more sorely feel the loss of his acumen , his charm and his irrepressible sense of humor . " McIlhenny was part of the sixth generation of his family to live on Avery Island and among the fourth generation to make Tabasco , the iconic hot pepper sauce . Eatocracy , the CNN food blog He joined the 145-year-old company in 1967 and is credited with overseeing years of record growth in sales and earnings . He is also credited with introducing new flavors and products , and expanding where Tabasco brand products are sold . McIlhenny attended the University of the South in Sewanee , Tennessee . In 2006 , he was Rex , the first King of Carnival after Hurricane Katrina . Around that time , McIlhenny reportedly joked that if the subject of hot sauce came up , he 'd say : "  That 's one form of global warming I 'm totally in favor of . " "  We 're defending the world against bland food , " he said , according to The Times-Picayune newspaper . McIlhenny loved wing shooting , red fishing , wine tasting and game cooking . He is survived by his wife , two daughters and four grandchildren . Obituaries 2013 : The lives they 've lived	Paul McIlhenny died Saturday at the age of 68 ; the cause of death is unknown McIlhenny was a fourth-generation member of his family to make Tabasco He is credited with increasing sales , adding more Tabasco-brand products He is survived by his wife , two daughters and four grandchildren
CNN  -- Espanyol suffered a setback in their quest for European Champions League football on Monday as they surrendered a one-goal lead to lose 2-1 at home to Mallorca . The Barcelona-based team currently occupy fifth position in Spain 's La Liga and they took the lead against their tenth placed opponents when striker Alvaro Vasquez converted Jose Callejon 's pass . The match was level after 63 minutes when Cameroon forward Pierre Webo finished from a Sergio Tejera cross . Michael Laudrup 's Mallorca ensured they would move up to tenth place in the table when 23-year-old Emilio Nsue grabbed his fourth goal of the season with just seven minutes remaining . The result means Mauricio Pochettino 's Espanyol stay fifth , seven points behind Villarreal in the fourth and final Champions League place . Sevilla closed within two points of Espanyol after a comfortable 3-0 home win over Sporting Gijon . Goals from Luis Fabiano , Diego Perotti and Alvaro Negredo edged them into seventh , level on points with Athletic Bilbao . In Germany , MSV Duisburg booked their place in the DFB Pokal Cup competition after beating Energie Cottbus 2-1 thanks to goals from Stefan Maierhofer and Srdjan Baljak . Duisburg will face either Bayern Munich or Schalke in the final . They play on Wednesday . In the French Cup , Nice booked their place in the semifinals with a 3-2 away win over second division outfit Stade de Reims .	Espanyol lose 2-1 at home to Mallorca in Spain 's La Liga Sevilla thrash Sporting Gijon 3-0 with Luis Fabiano among the goals MSV Duisburg reach the German Cup final after beating Energie Cottbus 2-1 Nice beat Stade de Reims 3-2 to reach French Cup semifinal
CNN  -- A 2-year-old boy missing in Rhode Island has been found wandering the streets of Providence , according to Johnston Police Deputy Chief Daniel Parrillo . Authorities had issued an Amber Alert for Isaih Perez on Sunday morning . The toddler was taken to a hospital to be checked out , but he appeared to be in good health , Parrillo said . Asked whether he had any idea how Isaih got where he was , Parrillo said he did not . "  A patrol man found him while on patrol just walking on the sidewalk . We do n't know he was dropped off , if he was left off there , we do n't have any particulars at this time , " he said . Earlier , Parrillo said that two men had been taken into police custody in connection with the kidnapping of the 2-year-old boy and a double homicide . The toddler was not with either man when police apprehended them . Authorities had said they believe Malcolm Crowell , 22 , fled the scene of the homicide in Johnston , taking Isaih with him . Crowell was found by police in Fall River , Massachusetts , following a tip related to an Amber Alert for the boy . Authorities identified Daniel Rodriguez as a second suspect during their investigation , and he was taken into custody by police in Providence early Sunday evening , Parrillo said . Charges are expected to be filed Monday . The relationship between the suspects and the child is unknown , Parrillo said . The victims of the double homicide have not been identified . Perez lived in the home where the double homicide occurred , CNN affiliate WPRI reported . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	2-year-old Isaih Perez is found wandering the streets of Providence , an official says The boy appears to be in good health , police say Two men have been apprehended in connection with the case Authorities had issued an Amber Alert for Isaih earlier Sunday
CNN  -- Blackburn is set to become the first English Premier League side to come under Indian ownership , the club confirmed Tuesday . Blackburn chairman John Williams told the club 's website that a deal with poultry giants Venkys would likely be completed in November . He said that after "  detailed talks " with the Premier League and an "  extensive due diligence process " that the way was clear for the groundbreaking deal . Venkys chairperson Anuradha J. Desai added : "  We expect to be the first Indian company to acquire a Premier League team and we are particularly delighted that the team is Blackburn Rovers , with whom we believe we have many shared values and ambitions . " The terms of the sale are yet to be disclosed , but Venkys joint managing director B Venkatesh Rao told CNBC the deal was worth # 46 million  $ 72.97 million  , with the full amount to be paid upfront . Venky 's is part of the # 290 million  $ 459m  valued Venkateshwara Hatcheries  VH  group , which is listed on the Mumbai stock exchange . The acquisition by the Indian conglomerate would take the number of English Premier League clubs with solely foreign ownership to nine , and comes in the wake of Liverpool 's highly-publicized sale to New England Sports Ventures , who own the Boston Red Sox baseball team . Aston Villa , Birmingham City , Chelsea , Fulham , Manchester City , Manchester United and Sunderland are also under exclusively foreign control while Arsenal , Blackpool and West Ham have influential foreign shareholders . Blackburn 's mooted sale would end a two-year wait for a buyer at Ewood Park , after the Jack Walker Trust put the club up for sale hoping to attract fresh investment . In that time two other Indian buyers , Saurin Shah and Ahsan Ali Syed , have seen prospective bids falter . With Blackburn currently languishing just above the Premier League relegation zone , manager Sam Allardyce needs a cash injection to strengthen his squad . Venkys certainly has the financial capacity to oblige . The group posted a profit of $ 187 million last year and has an annual turnover of $ 1.58 B. Formed in 1976 , the conglomerate has diversified in recent years to include nutritional supplements and healthcare products for humans alongside their mainstream poultry products . Blackburn won the English Premier League title in 1995 as former owner Jack Walker ploughed millions into the club , but have not enjoyed comparable success in the intervening years .	Indian poultry giant Venkys set to take over English Premier League Blackburn The company will be first Indian owners in the Premier League Blackburn desperate for investment after indifferent start to the season
CNN  -- The number of children living with HIV is slowing down in areas of the world that typically account for the most new infections , the Joint U.N. Programme on HIV/AIDS said Tuesday . That 's proof , organizers said , that a program it created to get antiretroviral medications to pregnant women is working . The program is known as "  The Global Plan Toward Elimination of New HIV Infections Among Children by 2015 and Keeping Their Mothers Alive . " It was created by a joint effort between UNAIDS and the U.S. President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief . The initiative targets 22 countries that account for 90 % of the world 's new pediatric infections . The program gives antiretrovirals to pregnant women who are infected with HIV in those countries . The medicine prevents the transfer of the virus to their babies . Seven countries in sub-Saharan Africa -- Zambia , Malawi , South Africa , Namibia , Botswana , Ghana and Ethiopia -- have reduced the number of new HIV infections among children by 50 % since 2009 . HIV discovery ` will change your life forever ' Ghana showed the most remarkable progress . The number of new pediatric infections there fell by 76 % since 2009 , according to a new report on the program . South Africa had a 63 % decline . In South Africa and Botswana , transmission rates between mother and child are now below 5 % . "  The progress in the majority of countries is a strong signal that with focused efforts , every child can be born free from HIV , " said Michel Sidibe , UNAIDS executive director . "  But in some countries with high numbers of new infections progress has stalled . We need to find out why and remove the bottlenecks . " One of the problems may be the small number of women who take antiretrovirals when breast-feeding . The report shows only half of all breast-feeding women living with HIV or their children receive these medicines to prevent mother-to-child infection . There is also an urgent need to improve early HIV diagnosis in children , according to UNAIDS . The goal of the program is to reduce mother-to-child transmissions by 90 % and to reduce the number of AIDS-related maternal deaths by 50 % by 2015 . "  Now we must all continue working together to see the day when no children are born with HIV , " said U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator Eric P. Goosby . This goal , he said , is clearly "  within our reach . " Could condoms change the world ?	New infections in children are down in large parts of the developing world A joint U.S.-U.N. program distributes antiretrovirals to pregnant women More breast-feeding mothers need to take the medication , organizers say
Suspected Boko Haram militants kidnapped at least 20 young women over the weekend in northeastern Nigeria , 8 kilometers from a town where more than 200 schoolgirls were taken nearly two months ago , local officials said Monday . The incident in the village of Garkin Fulani is the latest in a series of abductions for ransom in the area , according to an official with the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria , the umbrella union of all nomadic Fulani in the country . The MACBAN official , who is in Garkin Fulani , put the number of women kidnapped at as many as 40 . The suspected militants came into the village in broad daylight on Saturday , heavily armed and wearing military uniforms . "  They  took away 40 women , all of them young mothers , " said the official , who asked not to be named for safety reasons . A Borno state official confirmed the abduction but said only 20 women were abducted . "  We are working to establish the circumstances surrounding the abduction , " the government official said on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak about the incident . Alhaji Tar , a member of the Vigilante Group of Nigeria , a loosely formed civilian force tasked with providing security , also put the number at 20 , along with three young men who were left to look after the village while the other men took their cattle to graze in the bush . The location of the women is still unknown and the kidnappers have not made contact with their families , Tar said . "  This is not the first time women are being kidnapped in this area . It has happened several times , " said the MACBAN official . "  They come and herd young women into their vehicles and will only release them when 30 to 40 herds of cattle are paid as ransom . " The fear of deadly reprisals prevents the nomads from seeking military assistance , he said . The terror group Boko Haram abducted an estimated 276 girls on April 14 from a boarding school in Chibok . Dozens escaped , but more than 200 girls are still missing . The kidnapping drew widespread international condemnation . Nigerians and others have accused the government of not acting swiftly or efficiently enough to protect the girls seized in the dead of night . Mike Omeri , the coordinator of the National Information Centre in charge of counterterrorism , was unaware of the latest reported kidnapping . "  We have not received any information on the kidnap of any Fulani women , " Omeri said . Omeri did , however , note a Nigerian military operation over the weekend that killed 50 suspected Boko Haram militants in Bita village , near Garkin Fulani . The soldiers recovered 30 Kalashnikovs , 36 grenades , 11 rocket-propelled grenades and seven automatic rifles , Omeri said . The Ministry of Defense also confirmed the operation . Boko Haram translates as "  Western education is a sin " in the Hausa language . The militant group says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Last week , hundreds of people were killed in raids by suspected Boko Haram militants in Borno state . Local officials estimated between 400 and 500 villagers killed . If the death toll is confirmed , it will be the worst attack by Boko Haram in its five-year insurgency that has killed thousands , mostly in the northeast .	One official puts the number of women kidnapped at 40 The abduction takes place in broad daylight by suspected militants from Boko Haram The group is behind the April kidnapping of more than 200 schoolgirls Saturday 's kidnapping happens 8 kilometers from where the schoolgirls were taken
Washington  CNN  -- You want close ? We 've got close ! Seven of the eight national polls released since Sunday indicate the race for the White House is in a dead heat , like most have shown for weeks . More importantly , it 's a similar story in the key battleground states that will decide whether President Barack Obama or Republican nominee Mitt Romney will be victorious on Tuesday . According to the final CNN/ORC International poll released before the election on Sunday night , 49 % of likely voters questioned in the survey say they support the president , with an equal amount saying they back the former Massachusetts governor . What to watch for But it 's not just the horse-race numbers that show how equally divided American voters are over the two candidates . According to the CNN poll , the president 's favorable rating stands at 52 % in the poll , with Romney at 51 % ; 51 % say they agree with Obama on important issues and 50 % say the same thing about Romney ; 56 % say that Obama has the personal qualities a president should have , with 55 % feeling the same about the Republican nominee . Does either party have an edge on enthusiasm ? "  The CNN survey indicates the answer is no . Seventy percent of registered voters who describe themselves as Democrats say they are extremely or very enthusiastic about voting , with an equal amount of self-described Republicans saying the same thing , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . Margin of error : Two candidates , two journeys , one race of lost dreams And the survey indicated that 49 % say they will vote for the GOP candidate for Congress in their district ; with 48 % saying they will choose the Democrat . That 's where the similarities end . There are also some stark differences . When it comes to the racial breakdown , 40 % of white voters questioned in the CNN poll said they are supporting Obama , with 57 % backing Romney . The vote by race could be crucial to determining which candidate wins the White House . "  The formula for victory for Obama is to win at least 80 % of minorities and around 40 % of whites , if minorities represent the 26 % of voters that they constituted last time , " said CNN Senior Political Analyst and National Journal Editorial Director Ron Brownstein . Poll of Polls : Margin is thin in New Hampshire , Iowa "  The final wave of public polls all show Obama running right around that tipping point , among both whites and minorities , which means nothing looms larger than the racial composition of the electorate . " Obama obviously benefits if the minority share of the vote increases even by a point or two . The flip side is that if the minority share declines at all , the math gets better for the GOP challenger . "  And if it remains unchanged , we 're on the knife 's edge , " Brownstein added . "  But just remember , the minority share of the vote has increased , and the white share has decreased , in every presidential election since 1992 . Just holding the minority share steady , much less seeing it decline , will require a huge turnout among older and conservative whites , which is the last hope for Republicans looking at most public polls showing Obama holding a narrow , but steady , edge , especially in the battleground states . " CNN Poll of Polls : Ohio a close contest on eve of election The CNN poll was one of seven national nonpartisan , live operator surveys released Sunday and Monday to indicate the battle for the presidency either a dead heat or virtually tied . A Politico/George Washington University survey has it tied at 48 % ; an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll indicates Obama at 48 % and Romney at 47 % ; the latest ABC News/Washington Post tracking poll puts Obama at 49 % and Romney at 48 % ; Gallup 's latest daily tracking poll had Romney at 49 % and Obama at 48 % ; American Research Group had it deadlocked at 49 % and Monmouth University had it all tied upat 48 % . A Pew Research Center survey released Sunday indicates the president at 50 % and the GOP challenger at 47 % , which is within the survey 's sampling error . While the national polls are revealing , the battleground state surveys are what matter most , since the race for the White House is a battle for electoral votes . And it 's the eight swing states that will end up determining which candidate comes out on top on Tuesday . Of all the toss-up states , Ohio and it 's 18 electoral votes has gotten the most attention because many scenarios see the election being decided there . Both the president and the former Massachusetts governor hold campaign rallies in Columbus , the state 's capital , on Monday , the final day of campaigning . Provisional ballots could be key if Ohio margin razor thin A new CNN Poll of Polls compiled and released Monday show Obama at 50 % and Romney at 47 % among likely voters in the Buckeye State . The CNN Poll of Polls is an average of three Ohio polls of likely voters conducted in the last week : Ohio Poll/University of Cincinnati ; CNN/ORC International and NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist . The Poll of Polls does not have a sampling error . Florida , where 29 electoral votes are up for grabs , is also getting outsized attention and two polls released on Friday tell very different stories . An NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist survey gave the president a razor-thin 49 % -47 % edge , within the poll 's sampling error . But a Mason-Dixon survey conducted for many of the Sunshine State 's major newspapers indicated Romeny ahead 51 % -45 % . Four years ago Obama become the first Democrat to capture Virginia in a presidential election since 1964 . The battle for the state 's 13 electoral votes appears to be extremely close this time around . An NBC/WSJ/Marist survey released early Monday morning indicated Obama at 48 % and Romney at 47 % . The president closes his campaign on Monday night in Iowa . Then-Sen . Obama 's victory in the 2008 Iowa Democratic caucuses launched him towards the White House . The Hawkeye State is also a general election battleground , and a new CNN Poll of Polls that averages all three non-partisan , live operator surveys conducted over the past week indicates Obama with a 48 % -45 % edge . Romney closes his campaign Monday night in New Hampshire , the state were he officially launched his bid for the White House nearly a year and a half ago . Besides holding the first in the nation primary , the Granite State is also a general election battleground , and a new CNN Poll of Polls that averages all three non-partisan , live operator surveys conducted over the past week indicates Obama with a 50 % -38 % edge . In the two Western battlegrounds , the most recent polls in Colorado  by CNN/ORC and American Research Group  indicated the race all knotted up . And in Nevada , an NBC/WSJ/Marist survey indicated the president with the edge and an ARG poll gave Romney a slight advantage . The only state where the president appears to have a solid single digit advantage according to public opinion polls is Wisconsin , home to GOP running mate Rep. Paul Ryan . A CNN Poll of Polls of the three most recent surveys indicates the president with a seven point advantage in Wisconsin . Of course the only numbers that really matter are the numbers we 'll get on Tuesday . Romney breaks tradition with Election Day campaigning	Seven of eight national polls show race is in a dead heat Others including issues , favorable ratings polls , show a razor-thin margin Polls diverge by race , with 40 % of white voters for Obama and 57 % for Romney Polls in battleground states -- where candidates are finishing their campaigns -- also are close
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Los Angeles County judge rejected Wednesday a request to reduce the $ 23 million bail of a former elementary school teacher charged with 23 counts of lewd acts upon students . Judge Marcelita Haynes also rejected a request by the public defender for former teacher Mark Berndt to view prosecution photographs of other schoolchildren whom authorities are investigating as possible additional victims . Berndt , 61 , who taught at the Los Angeles school district 's Miramonte Elementary School , pleaded not guilty in February to allegations he bound young students , then photographed them with semen-filled spoons held at their mouths and three-inch cockroaches crawling across their faces , among other graphic depictions . In rejecting public defender Victor Acevedo 's request to reduce bail to $ 1 million , Haynes said in court there was "  evidence of emotional trauma in that some of the children have experienced unspecified nightmares . " The judge said she weighed "  the sophistication of the offenses and the alleged injuries to the victims , " the allegation of "  the exchange of bodily fluids , " and the defendant 's position of trust with "  particularly vulnerable " victims in making her decision . Acevedo argued the $ 23 million , $ 1 million for each of the 23 offenses , was unconstitutional because "  that 's the functional equivalent of no bail . " Berndt , wearing an orange jumpsuit , was seated beside his attorney during the hearing . Acevedo also argued that Berndt has no criminal record , is not a flight risk , and had taught at Miramonte Elementary for more than 30 years . After the hearing , Acevedo told reporters he was disappointed the judge declined to reduce Berndt 's bail . "  Mr. Berndt would n't even be able to go out of his home " if he were released on bail because of the case 's widespread publicity , he said . Acevedo also expressed concerns about the judge 's courtroom remarks about the victims ' nightmares , saying the comment could hurt his case . "  That 's news to me , " Acevedo said . "  Who has been feeding these kids information " of what was allegedly occurring in the photographs ? Meanwhile , Los Angeles County authorities have transferred Berndt to another detention facility after Acevedo complained in February that jailers identified Berndt as a child molester on the jail 's speaker system . The Los Angeles County sheriff has already ordered an internal affairs investigation of the complaint , and the administrative review is ongoing , spokesman Steve Whitmore said Wednesday . Jail supervisors have said they were unaware of the incident , Whitmore said . Berndt is still experiencing harassment from other inmates after the relocation , Acevedo said . The next court date is May 1 to schedule Berndt 's preliminary hearing , the judge said . Meanwhile , the California state auditor is going to carry out an emergency $ 300,000 audit of the Los Angeles Unified School District 's negligence in managing and documenting child abuse claims , said State Assemblyman Ricardo Lara , D-Bell Gardens , who sponsored the performance audit proposal . The incident at Miramonte and similar allegations of child sex abuse at other Los Angeles public schools prompted the audit , Lara said . The audit should be complete in seven to nine months , Lara said . Dismissed by the Los Angeles Unified School District school board about a year ago , Berndt was arrested January 30 . He appeared in court two days later , after which he was ordered held on $ 23 million bail . All the initial 23 victims were between 7 and 10 years old , and all but two of them were girls , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . Authorities have said they have discovered roughly 600 images allegedly taken by Berndt in his classroom . Since Berndt 's initial appearance , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Sgt. Dan Scott said an additional 200 photographs purportedly taken by Berndt have been found . It is uncertain what , if any , additional charges Berndt may face as a result of that discovery or other developments in the investigation . The law enforcement investigation began when investigators found "  over 40 photographs depicting children in a school classroom , with their eyes blindfolded and mouths covered with tape , " a Los Angeles County sheriff 's statement said . "  Investigators learned that some of the photos depicted suspect Mark Berndt with his arm around the children , or with his hand over their mouths , " according to the sheriff 's department . Some photos showed "  children with large live Madagascar-type cockroaches on their faces and mouths . " Others show female students with "  what appeared to be a blue plastic spoon , filled with an unknown clear/white liquid substance , up to their mouths as if they were going to ingest the substance , " said the sheriff 's department . Scott said that Berndt was arrested soon after lab testing matched Berndt 's DNA with a substance , later determined to be semen , from a blue plastic spoon and an empty container from a trash bin in his classroom . The young students "  did n't realize they were victimized , " said the sheriff 's department spokesman . "  They thought they were being blindfolded and gagged as a game , " Scott added . "  And they were rewarded with cookies or spoons full of sugar ,  but  they did not realize the spoon contained semen . " A search of Berndt 's home found hundreds of photographs depicting children and a video showing sexual bondage activity that "  mirrored the bondage-type photos of the children , " investigators said . Los Angeles School Superintendent John Deasy said Berndt was removed from his teaching job in January 2011 after school officials learned of the police investigation . A teacher for 30 years , Berndt initially challenged the school district 's decision to dismiss him . But he eventually dropped his appeal and resigned last spring . His arrest in January precipitated a broader fallout over the adequacy of safeguards for the school 's students and the prospect of more victims . Days after Berndt was taken into custody , another Miramonte Elementary teacher -- Martin Springer , 49 -- was arrested and charged with three felony counts of lewd acts with a girl under age 14 . He has pleaded not guilty . The school board subsequently shut Miramonte for two days , during which the board reconstituted the entire staff in the 1,400-student school . Miramonte is in unincorporated Los Angeles County within the Florence-Firestone area , about 6 miles south of downtown Los Angeles . CNN 's Jaqueline Hurtado contributed to this report .	A Los Angeles County judge says some of the young victims are having nightmares Los Angeles elementary teacher Mark Berndt is charged with 23 counts of lewd acts on a child The judge rejects a request to reduce Berndt 's bail from $ 23 million to $ 1 million Berndt transferred to another jail after his attorney complains about jailers ' harassment
CNN  -- The toughest conditions she has ever played in . That 's how one of tennis ' biggest stars described this year 's scorched Australian Open . And it 's not hard to see why . With temperatures in excess of 40 degrees , and after four days of players fainting , vomiting and tirelessly icing themselves to keep cool , Li Na was feeling hot and flustered . The fourth seed , a runner-up at last year 's Melbourne grand slam , was facing match point and a shock early exit at the hands of world No. 26 Lucie Safarova . But the Czech sent a backhand five centimeters long of the baseline , letting Li back in to take a second-set tie break and then take advantage of the extreme heat contingency plan . In light of the oppressive weather , tournament organizers have allowed for an extra 10 minutes between the second and third sets of women 's matches , a break which rejuvenated the 2011 French Open champion . "  After the second set , lucky thing we had the 10 minute break , " China 's Li told reporters after her 1-6 7-6  7-2  6-3 victory set up a fourth round match with Russia Ekaterina Makarova . "  I think five centimeters saved my tournament . If she hit it in , I think me and my whole team would be on our way to the airport now . "  At least I won the match , and I 'm still in the tournament now . It was a difficult day for me but I was really happy with the way I was fighting on the court from the first point until the last point . " While Li Na went to cool down , tournament doctor Tim Wood had defended organizers ' refusal to halt play during the sunniest parts of the day , saying that , while playing in the heat might be terribly uncomfortable , human beings "  evolved on the high plains of Africa chasing antelope for eight hours under these conditions . "  There will be some players who complain and no-one is saying it is terribly comfortable to play out there , but , from a medical perspective , we know that man is well adapted to exercising in the heat . Whether it is humane or not is a whole other issue , " Wood told the BBC . Words that might not be music to Britain 's Jamie Murray 's ears , who was treated for heatstroke . Whatever the conditions , world No. 1 Serena Williams continues her peerless dominance of the women 's game . The top seed has now won more matches at the Australian Open than any other woman in history after registering her 61st success at Melbourne Park by beating Daniela Hantuchova 6-3 6-3 . "  I feel good to have gotten through that one because it was tough conditions out there , but I was happy to win , " said the 32-year-old . "  Today actually was n't as hot . I think it was hotter yesterday . So it was n't as bad today . Honestly , on the one end I felt it was like a cool breeze coming over , so that was a good sign . " Williams ' fourth round opponent will be the resurgent Ana Ivanovic , who reached the fourth round after coming from one set down to end Australian Samantha Stosur 's hopes of a home grand slam triumph . In the men 's draw , defending champion Novak Djokovic remained on course for his fourth Australian Open title in a row as he eased into the fourth round with a 6-3 6-3 7-5 victory over Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan . "  I feel better on the court as the tournament is progressing , " Djokovic , who played under the cool conditions of the Rod Laver Arena 's closed roof , told reporters . "  Of course , I played three matches in different conditions . The roof was closed and the temperature dropped by at least 10 degrees , and you could feel that . It affected the play , it was much slower . " Victory for the Serbian , who won his first grand slam in Melbourne in 2008 , sets up a meeting with his old friend Fabio Fognini , after the Italian beat American Sam Querrey . "  I 'm going to try to win against him regardless of whether he 's a friend or not , " Djokovic continued . "  I have a real friendship with him for more than 10 years but once we get on court we 're both professionals and we want to win . " Spanish third seed David Ferrer , Tomas Berdych , the Czech seventh seed , and South African Kevin Anderson also booked their places in the next round of the sizzling Australian Open .	Li Na saves match point to reach the fourth round of the Australian Open The fourth seed says the conditions in Melbourne are the toughest she 's ever played in Serena Williams win a record 61st match at the year 's opening grand slam In the men 's draw , defending champ Novak Djokovic and David Ferrer march on
CNN  -- Political and anti-war activists in the Midwest said they were the target Friday of searches the FBI called part of an investigation into the "  material support of terrorism . " Warrants led to the search of five residences and one office in Minneapolis , Minnesota , said FBI spokesman Steve Warfield , who said there were no arrests . Two other searches were conducted in Chicago , Illinois . Activist Tom Burke in Chicago said he and others in Minnesota , Illinois and Michigan were served subpoenas to testify before a grand jury . He also said computer hard drives were taken from locations in both cities , as well as a cell phone in Minneapolis . Warfield would not comment on that statement or provide details of the searches . He also would not discuss the investigation , other than indicating it is the work of a joint task force on terrorism . The Minneapolis searches were concluded by mid-afternoon Friday , Warfield said . Burke said many agents were still at a Chicago location Friday afternoon . A coalition of groups represented on the Fight Back website released a statement condemning the raids as "  harassment . " "  We see them as a way to impair our freedom of speech , " said Burke , a member of the Colombia Action Network . "  We 've done nothing wrong . " The coalition came together after a large anti-war protest at the Republication National Convention in Minneapolis-St . Paul in 2008 , Burke said . "  We agree the U.S. should treat neighbors in peaceful ways , " said Burke , pointing to conflict in the Middle East and Colombia . "  We think they -LSB- the FBI -RSB- are on a fishing expedition . " Among the groups the activists are involved with are the Palestine Solidarity Group , the Freedom Road Socialist Organization , the Twin Cities Anti-War Committee , and Students for a Democratic Society , which was active during the Vietnam War . One of the apartments searched in Minneapolis belongs to Mick Kelly , an anti-war and government protestor , CNN affiliate KARE reported . Kelly said the search warrant indicated agents were looking for evidence of his travels to Latin America and Palestine . Jessica Sundin of the Twin Cities Anti-War Committee told CNN agents took a hard drive , paper files , photos , a cell phone and her passport during a search of her Minneapolis residence Friday . Denying any wrongdoing , Sundin said she was given a subpoena to appear next month before a grand jury in Chicago . She said she will not cooperate with federal investigators , but will talk to lawyers before deciding whether to appear . Sending American weapons and troops abroad is not the solution to international problems , Sundin said . "  We 've been unapologetic in our opposition to U.S. intervention , " she said . The task force carrying out the raids comprised a number of local and federal agencies , KARE said . CNN 's Katherine Wojtecki contributed to this article	FBI searches homes , office in Minneapolis and Chicago The searches are part of a joint task force probe of terrorism , the FBI says An activist says hard drives were taken during the searches
CNN  Chocolate buffs are clamoring for the Hershey Co. to "  gim me a break " after the chocolate manufacturer reached a settlement with an importer to stop distributing British-made candy bars . Let 's Buy British Imports , one of the nation 's top distributors of popular food brands from the UK , South Africa and Australia , agreed last week to stop selling confections like Maltesers and Toffee Crisps to stateside retail outlets and restaurants . Hershey , which was established in 1894 , has more than 80 brands worldwide , including brands like Reese 's and York . Hershey initially filed the lawsuit in August , citing trademark infringement because some British candies have similar packaging to a Hershey product and thus could be "  misleading " to the consumer . "  Given the immeasurable value of our brands , we work hard to protect these important intellectual assets and defend them against infringement , " said Jeff Beckman , a Hershey spokesman . The owners of Tea & Sympathy , a New York shop that stocks UK goods , are n't buying it -- even urging fans to contact Hershey 's CEO about the matter . "  May we politely suggest that if you think Toffee Crisps look like Reese 's Peanut Butter Cups your eyesight is a much bigger problem than your chocolate bar confusion , " the shop wrote on its Facebook page . Hershey lawsuit angers fans of British chocolate in U.S. . Many chocolate lovers have taken to social media to share a similar sentiment , some even calling for drastic action with the hashtag #BoycottHershey . Hershey holds the license to manufacture Cadbury chocolate products in the U.S. , so the import ban also includes UK-made Cadbury and Kit Kat products , which are made differently in the United States than across the pond . To qualify as milk chocolate by UK law , a product must contain at least 20 % cocoa and milk solids and at least 25 % fat . In the U.S. , the required percentage in both is less . Fans melt down over Cadbury creme egg change At the time of publishing , close to 15,000 people have also signed a petition against the ban .	British chocolates wo n't be imported after an agreement with Hershey Fans are outraged with the chocolate company on social media
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Last year 's inaugural Prix Pictet photography award for environmental sustainability produced a stunning shortlist of photos . Ed Kashi has documented the impact oil has made on the Niger Delta in Africa . This year is no different with 12 photographers in the running for the first prize of 100,000 CHF  $ 97,500  . The theme in 2009 is described simply as "  Earth . " The aim is to highlight how man exploits the planet 's resources and how this impacts the landscapes and communities surrounding them . In an extraordinary series of photos Canadian Christopher Anderson captures how the quest for raw materials affects Venezuela . In "  The Diminishing Present , " Portuguese-born Edgar Martins records forest landscapes in the moments before they are engulfed by flames . In "  Curse of the Black Gold : 50 Years of Oil in the Niger Delta , " Ed Kashi captures the impact of the oil industry on Nigeria 's environment and people since it was first discovered five decades ago . Kashi , an American photojournalist , spent three years compiling his photos of the Niger Delta , making a total of five trips to the troubled region . Kashi told CNN : "  It was truly one of the most graphic examples of economic inequity that I have ever seen . Especially with the backdrop of hundreds of billions of oil wealth that has been generated over the previous 50 years . " As a result of his work , Kashi says that his photos are now being used by universities and NGOs to raise awareness to try and effect change . To him , this has been one of the most gratifying and exciting by-products of his work . One of this year 's most intriguing entries is by Sammy Baloji , who superimposes colonial black and white archive photos of Belgian-run mines in the Democratic Republic of Congo and places them over his color images of the decaying mines as seen today . Nadav Kander 's images of China 's Yangtze River depict communities adjusting to the changes caused by the re-routing of the country 's largest river . And , Andreas Gursky has captured an extraordinary image of an ocean of rubbish at a landfill site in Mexico City . Darren Almond 's ethereal images of China 's Yellow Mountain Range are made all the more magical through the knowledge that they were shot using only the light of the Moon . All the nominees ' pictures showcase the power of the camera when in the hands of master craftsmen . Click here to view some of the short-listed images " The winner will be announced by Prix Pictet honorary president , Kofi Annan , on October 22 at the Passage de Retz gallery in Paris . All the short-listed photos can be seen at the same gallery for one month after the award . Further exhibitions are planned in Greece and Dubai and the Netherlands . If you ca n't attend the exhibitions , there is a book entitled "  Earth , " published by teNeues which showcases the work of all Prix Pictet nominees .	Shortlist for Prix Pictet photography award highlights destruction of natural resources Twelve world-renowned photographers are up for the award Prize of 100,000 CHF  $ 97,500  goes to the winner announced on October 22
CNN  The first doses of the Ebola vaccine were on a commercial flight to West Africa and were expected to arrive on Friday , according to a spokesperson from GlaxoSmithKline  GSK  one of the companies that has created the vaccine with the National Institutes of Health . Another vaccine from Merck and NewLink will also be tested . "  Shipping the vaccine today is a major achievement and shows that we remain on track with the accelerated development of our candidate Ebola vaccine , " Dr. Moncef Slaoui , chairman of global vaccines at GSK said in a company release . Ebola who is patient zero ? In December , the trial of the vaccine made by Merck and NewLink were stopped after some of the volunteers in the trial had "  transient mild " joint pain . After investigating that side effect , scientists concluded it was not a big enough issue to stop the development of the vaccine . No similar side effects were noted in the GSK trial . There are other Ebola vaccines being tested by companies in the United States and in Russia . This first shipment will be used , along with a placebo in this first large-scale trial in the next few weeks in Liberia . "  We are expecting to start by the last week in January , but there are some details that need to be ironed out regarding the FDA , " said Dr. Anthony Fauci , the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases  NIAID  at a press conference . Worst Ebola outbreak in history : What you should know The tests should begin in the Monrovia area and will involve nearly 30,000 people . People who have had the virus and survived will be excluded from this trial , according to GSK . The first people to get the vaccine will be health care workers who are some of the population that is most at risk for catching Ebola . That 's because it can be easily transmitted through exposure to bodily fluids . In Liberia there have been 370 cases of health care workers becoming infected with Ebola , 178 of them have died according to the World Health Organization . The number of newly infected health care workers has declined recently , as has the number of cases in general in Liberia . Hope for Ebola epidemic 's end in Liberia In August and September of 2014 the WHO was seeing 300 new confirmed cases per week , versus the 8 new confirmed cases according to this latest incident report . Another trial in Sierra Leone should start a few weeks after the trials get started in Liberia , according to the NIH . Sierra Leone has had the largest number of infections of any country with 10,340 reported cases and 3,145 deaths from Ebola . The disease has slowed down according to the WHO , but still there were 117 new confirmed cases according to the latest report . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will work with Sierra Leone 's government to help manage the tests . The NIH will also soon be testing the therapeutic drug ZMapp as early as next month . Ebola Fast Facts ZMapp is an experimental drug that has been used to help patients who have already been infected by the virus . The drug maker , Mapp Biopharmaceutical ran out of the drug last year , but has been making enough doses for a small human trial . The number of new Ebola cases in Liberia has been declining , but public health leaders say that there are still "  little mini outbreaks " and that "  until there is a very last case ,  an epidemic  is not over until it is over , " Fauci said . Since the outbreak began in December 2013 , there have been 21,759 infections and 8,668 people have died from Ebola .	The first vials of an Ebola vaccine should land in Liberia Friday Some 37,000 people are expected to be involved in the first large-scale test of the vaccine Health care workers will be the first to get the vaccine as they are most vulnerable
An Ebola outbreak has killed at least 59 people in Guinea , UNICEF said , as the deadly hemorrhagic fever has quickly spread from southern communities in the West African nation . Experts in the country had been unable to identify the disease , whose symptoms -- diarrhea , vomiting and fever -- were first observed last month . Health Minister Remy Lamah said Saturday initial test results confirm the presence of a viral hemorrhagic fever , which according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body . In a written statement , UNICEF said at least 59 out of 80 people who contracted Ebola have died . At least three of the victims were children . "  In Guinea , a country with a weak medical infrastructure , an outbreak like this can be devastating , " the UNICEF representative in Guinea , Dr. Mohamed Ag Ayoya , said in the statement . UNICEF has prepositioned supplies and stepped up communication on the ground to sensitize medical staff and local populations on how to avoid contracting the illness , Agoya added . Isolation units The Guinean Health Ministry warned that the disease is mainly spread from infected people , from objects belonging to ill or dead people , and by the consumption of meat from animals in the bush . So far , most of the cases have been in the forest area of southern Guinea , and health officials say they are offering free treatment for all patients . They 've urged people to stay calm , wash their hands and report all cases to authorities . The international medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres announced on Saturday it was reinforcing its medical and logistics teams in Guinea in response to the epidemic . It is also flying in 33 tons of medicines and equipment and setting up isolation units in the three affected areas in the country . "  Isolation units are essential to prevent the spread of the disease , which is highly contagious , " Dr. Esther Sterk , MSF tropical medicine adviser , said in a written statement . "  Specialized staff are providing care to patients showing signs of infection . " 2012 : Uganda declares end of Ebola outbreak	Medical charity MSF to set up isolation units in affected areas At least 59 out of 80 who contracted Ebola have died , UNICEF says Most cases were in Guinea 's southern forest areas , health minister says Symptoms include fever , vomiting and diarrhea
CNN  -- Atletico Madrid overcame struggling Elche at the Vincente Calderon on Friday and moved a step closer to the club 's first La Liga title in 18 years . Brazillian defender Joao Miranda rose at the far post to power home a header midway through the second half before Diego Costa scored an injury time penalty to seal a closely fought 2-0 victory . Atletico now requires three wins from its remaining four fixtures to claim the La Liga title . "  It was a very open and dangerous match , " Atletico manager , Diego Simeone , told reporters in his post match press conference . "  We could not find space in the first half and they took chances on the break to create danger . Our attitude changed in the second half , the intensity increased and from persistence came the prize . " While pleased with the result , the Argentine coach will hope for a more convincing performance in his side 's next fixture against Chelsea in the semifinal of the Champions League on Tuesday . Atleti struggled to break down their well-organized opponents all night and had to withstand a period of Elche pressure before Costa sealed victory in the 90th minute . A pedestrian first half produced few chances for either side with Atletico failing to register a single shot on target . At the other end , Atletico goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois had to be alert to make a smart save from Elche defender Cristian Sapunaru 's header . Atleti brought on midfielder Raul Garcia at the start of the second period to offer an aerial threat going forward and the tactic almost paid immediate dividends . Garcia was brought down as he attacked a high-ball into the Elche box by the retreating Sapunaru . Referee Carlos Clos Gomez pointed to the spot but David Villa could n't convert as he fired weakly at Elche keeper Manu Herrera . Ateltico did n't let the penalty miss effect them and kept pressing their opponents with a greater intensity than they had done in the first period . The breakthrough came in the 71st minute as Miranda climbed highest at the back post , directing a header back across goal and beyond Herrera who stood rooted to the spot . Elche , themselves seeking points as they attempt to move away from the relegation area , pressed forward in search of an equalizer but were caught on the break in injury time . Diego Costa burst through and was nudged in the back as he was about to shoot by Sapunaru who gave away his second penalty of the game and was shown a straight red card for denying a goal scoring opportunity . Costa stepped up to take the spot kick and sent the diving Herrera the wrong way . Atletico now stand atop the La Liga table on 85 points , six ahead of second placed Real Madrid and seven clear of reigning champions Barcelona . The Catalans can close the gap at the top of the table to four points with victory at home to fourth placed Athletic Bilbao on Sunday . They will have to do so without the services of Neymar , however , after the Brazilian striker was ruled out for at least four weeks with a metatarsal injury on Friday . Barcelona have suffered a dreadful few weeks , exiting the Champions League at the quarter final stage for the first time in six seasons , losing ground in La Liga after defeat at Granada and falling to defeat at the hands Real Madrid in the Copa Del Rey final on Wednesday . Real Madrid do not play this weekend after taking the option to postpone their match against Real Vallodolid in order to prepare for Wednesday 's Champions League semifinal first leg clash with Bayern Munich .	Atletico Madrid move seven points clear at top of La Liga after victory over Elche Goals from Jaoa Miranda and Diego Costa seal 2 - 0 win at Vincente Calderon Atleti can now lift first title in 18 years with victory in next three La Liga matches
London , England  CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth II 's annual budget this year is # 38.2 million  $ 57.8 million  , down from # 41.5 million  $ 62.8 million  last year , Buckingham Palace announced Monday . That means each British person contributes about 62 pence  94 cents  a year to support the royal household . The drop comes mostly because the queen took fewer charter flights this year and refunded money to the government after selling her old helicopter , the palace said in its annual financial statement for the royal household . Her annual spending has fallen by 17 percent in real terms since 2001 , the palace said . Queen Elizabeth II is worth an estimated # 290 million  $ 446 million  , making her the 245th richest person in the United Kingdom , according to The Sunday Times newspaper 's annual rich list published in April . The budget does not include the cost of security provided by the army or police . The government covers the Queen 's budget in exchange for her surrendering income from royal holdings , the budget report says . The budget runs from April 1 , 2009 to March 31 , 2010 .	Queen 's annual spending has fallen by 17 percent in real terms since 2001 Queen Elizabeth II is worth an estimated $ 446 million Budget does not include the cost of security provided by the army or police
More than 20 years after a major study said there is no evidence that people who live near nuclear power plants face an increased risk of dying from cancer , the federal government will look anew at the subject , starting with seven nuclear facilities from Connecticut to California . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission said Tuesday it is pushing forward with the study because an oft-cited 1990 study is dated and because more modern methods of analysis and information sources are available . In a briefing paper , the NRC staff says that given the known amounts of radiation released from nuclear reactors , researchers would not expect to observe any increased cancer risks for nearby residents . Nevertheless , the staff says , the studies would be "  helpful to address public health concerns " and could be a tool for allaying public health concerns . While some civic groups have supported the study , the top industry trade group had argued against it , saying the study is "  unlikely to produce scientifically defensible results . " In a pilot project to begin in the coming months , the NRC is commissioning the National Academy of Sciences to conduct cancer risk studies at six nuclear power plants and one nuclear fuel facility . If successful , the study would likely be expanded to the rest of the nation 's 104 commercial nuclear reactors . The six nuclear power plants in the initial study are : -- San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station , San Clemente , California . -- Dresden Nuclear Power Station , Morris , Illinois . -- Millstone Power Station , Waterford , Connecticut . -- Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station , Forked River , New Jersey . -- Haddam Neck , a decommissioned plant in Haddam Neck , Connecticut . -- Big Rock Point Nuclear Power Plant , a decommissioned plant in Charlevoix , Michigan . In addition , the pilot study will look at Nuclear Fuel Services in Erwin , Tennessee . The pilot study will take two to three years to complete and will cost about $ 2 million . For the past two decades , the NRC has relied on a National Cancer Institute 's report , "  Cancer Risks in Populations near Nuclear Facilities , " published in a 1991 edition of the Journal of the American Medical Association . That study showed no general increased risk of death from cancer for people living in 107 counties containing or near 62 nuclear facilities . When compared with control counties , some of the study counties had higher rates of certain cancers and some had lower rates . None of the differences could be linked to the presence of nuclear facilities , according to a synopsis of the study on the cancer institute 's website . "  From the data at hand , there was no convincing evidence of any increased risk of death from any of the cancers we surveyed due to living near nuclear facilities , " John Boice , chief of NCI 's Radiation Epidemiology Branch at the time of the survey , is quoted as saying . But he cautioned that the study had limitations , saying , "  If any excess cancer risk due to radiation pollution is present in counties with nuclear facilities , the risk is too small to be detected by the methods used . " Several years ago , the NRC staff started efforts to update the study because of the ongoing public interest in the issue , said NRC spokesman Scott Burrell . When the National Cancer Institute indicated it could not perform the work , Congress directed the NRC to work with the National Academy of Sciences . The academy developed methods for assessing radiation near nuclear plants and for assessing cancer rates in nearby communities . The academy recommended performing two types of epidemiology studies -- a geography-based study of people with various cancers leaving near nuclear facilities , and a study of cancers in children born near nuclear facilities . The academy selected the six nuclear power plants because they were a "  good sampling " with different operating histories and population sizes . Of the 74 individuals or organizations to comment on the proposed study , 44 encouraged the NRC to proceed . But the Nuclear Energy Institute did not support the study , saying an epidemiological study "  will likely involve an outlay of significant resources without much expectation " it would advance scientific understanding of potential risks . Other cancer risk factors , such as smoking or exposure to medical radiation , may surpass the effect from power plant releases and "  overwhelm the actual effect attributed to the releases , " the group said .	NRC is pushing forward with the study because an oft-cited 1990 study is dated Seven nuclear facilities from Connecticut to California will be involved in the pilot study Researchers would n't expect any increased cancer risks for nearby residents , NRC says
New York  CNN  -- Hip-hop artist Rick Ross learned Thursday he 'd been dumped by the sportswear company Reebok after the company decided he had n't shown an "  appropriate level of remorse " for using lyrics in one of his songs that seemed to allude to raping a woman . In the song "  U.O.E.N.O , " Ross raps : "  Put molly all in her champagne , she ai n't even know it . I took her home and I enjoyed that , she ai n't even know it . " The drug mentioned in Ross ' song is "  molly , " which is a slang term for a powerful form of the psychoactive drug MDMA , commonly called ecstasy . His lyrics sparked outrage from fans and activist groups . Reebok released a statement on Thursday announcing it had severed ties with Ross . "  Reebok holds our partners to a high standard , and we expect them to live up to the values of our brand , " the statement read . "  Unfortunately , Rick Ross has failed to do so . While we do not believe that Rick Ross condones sexual assault , we are very disappointed he has yet to display an understanding of the seriousness of this issue or an appropriate level of remorse . At this time , it is in everyone 's best interest for Reebok to end its partnership with Mr. Ross . " Ross took to Twitter in early April to seemingly apologize for the lyrics he used in his song . He tweeted : "  I dont condone rape . Apologies for the #lyric interpreted as rape . #BOSS " Two hours later he attempted to apologize again : "  Apologies to my many business partners , who would never promote violence against women . @ReebokClassics @ultraviolet " Much of the Twittersphere reacted negatively to his apology attempts : -- @RadicalONFIRE wrote : "  RICK ROSS needs to work on the sincerity of his apologies ... just saying . " â $	Rick Ross ' song "  U.O.E.N.O. " seems to describe date rape Public was dissatisfied with Ross ' tepid apologies Ross failed to show "  appropriate level of remorse , " sportswear label says
CNN  The Hillary Clinton presidential campaign surely anticipated the coming wave of inquiries and criticism about conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors to charities run by the Clinton family -- questions set to get a thorough airing in a new book called "  Clinton Cash : The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich " by Peter Schweizer , coming out May 5 . My guess is that the issues raised by the book will prompt Team Clinton to put its candidate on the road , where she can continue holding loosely scheduled , informal meetings with ordinary Americans -- the sorts of people more concerned about local jobs than whether some foreign government or company paid a big speaking fee to Bill Clinton in hopes of getting special treatment by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . It 's not that the alleged conflicts are n't potentially serious ; as I recently noted in these pages , they are . According to The Wall Street Journal , in 2014 the Clinton Foundation "  received money from the United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia and Oman , among others . The donors included Canada 's foreign affairs department , which is promoting the Keystone XL pipeline . " That 's the same Keystone XL pipeline from Canada that the State Department all but endorsed , concluding after a five-part analysis that ran to 17,000 pages that the project 's environmental impact would be minimal . President Obama vetoed a bill that would have allowed the pipeline to be built , but it 's legitimate to ask whether the donation from Canada directly or indirectly influenced the State Department 's analysis . And several news outlets have reported that banks and other companies with business before the U.S. government were donors to the Clinton Global Initiative , a sister group that was spun off from the Clinton Foundation . CNN 's Alexandra Jaffe wrote last month that "  listings for the Clinton Global Initiative 's Annual Meeting found partnerships with at least six banks that were under investigation , involved in litigation or had been fined by government agencies and regulators at the time of the meeting . In every case , the bank in question was listed as a sponsor of the event even after the investigations were widely reported in the media . " Those are serious matters -- but so are stubborn unemployment , troubled schools , high taxes and other problems that top the list of voters ' concerns . A bank giving money to charity in hopes of buying leniency from the government is a cause for concern , but until and unless a smoking gun appears in the form of a clear exchange of money for favors , it becomes hard to say what , exactly , is wrong with donating cash to aid in a good cause like combating world hunger or helping to rebuild Haiti . Even among the banks fined for wrongdoing that contributed to Clinton charities , noted Jaffe , "  there 's no indication the Clintons had any knowledge of the ongoing investigations into banks supporting the foundation 's efforts . " That does n't leave much room for outrage . A more serious critique of the Clinton foundations is that they have been an administrative and financial quagmire from their origins , running deficits , expanding uncontrollably and cutting deals that not only raise ethical questions but cast the family 's management skill in a less-than-flattering light . In a well-known case of deception , a con man named Raffaello Follieri charmed his way into the foundation 's good graces , earning public praise from Bill Clinton for promising $ 50 million to the Clinton Global Initiative -- money that never materialized . A more serious problem developed internally , with staff members fighting over the direction and management of the charities . In 2007 and 2008 , the foundation ran a $ 40 million deficit and in 2012 had an $ 8 million deficit . So we already knew that the Clintons ' charities suffered from poor management and took money from companies and governments that were clearly trying to curry favor . It 's distasteful , but by now it 's not news . Unless the forthcoming book unveils some blockbuster new information , questions about the Clintons ' charities is likely to wind up on the same political shelf on which voters seem to have parked concerns about Hillary Clinton 's use of private emails to conduct State Department business . According to a recent poll by the rightward-leaning Rasmussen -- taken after the email issue was splashed all over the news -- a survey of voters likely to vote in 2016 found that 57 % expect Clinton to win the presidency . No wonder Clinton seemed positively unconcerned about the forthcoming book . "  We 're back into the political scene , and therefore we will be subjected to all kinds of distractions and I 'm ready for it , " she said in New Hampshire . Calling extensive exposure of conflicts of interest "  distractions " suggests that Clinton knows what the polls suggest : that in a nation still struggling to emerge from a long recession , voters will likely judge her on something other than the efficiency and ethics of her charities .	Errol Louis : New book to detail alleged conflicts of interest with foreign donors to Clinton family charities He says without smoking gun , it 's likely not election deal-breaker for Americans worried about issues like economy , jobs , schools Louis : More notable is mismanagement , ethical history of Clinton charities
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Two more people have died from a rare strain of bird flu in China , as health officials investigate possible cases of transmission between family members . The latest fatalities occurred in Anhui and Jiangsu provinces -- both in eastern China -- and brought the total number of deaths from H7N9 avian influenza to nine , from 28 reported cases , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . So far the virus has been limited to the east of the country , with infections reported in the Shanghai region , as well as in the provinces of Anhui , Jiangsu and Zhejiang . A total of 13 cases , including five resulting in fatalities , have been reported in Shanghai alone , where the authorities are considering a permanent ban on the trading of live poultry after culling more than 100,000 birds in the past week in an effort to contain the problem . While the source of the infection is unknown , poultry markets have become the focus of the investigation by China 's health ministry and the World Health Organization  WHO  . The virus had been known to affect pigeons but had not previously been discovered in humans until a series of cases were reported in China last week . Other cities across China have announced plans to suspend trading in live birds . Authorities in the city of Nanjing took this a step further by announcing a ban on the trading of livestock and live poultry would come into effect from midnight on Tuesday , according to a statement from the Nanjing Urban Management Bureau -- though the WHO says no positive samples of the H7N9 virus have been found in pigs or farms in China so far . Meanwhile , the WHO is investigating suspected "  family clusters " of people who may be infected with H7N9 , potentially the first evidence of its spread between humans . "  At this point , there is no evidence of sustained human to human transmission , " said WHO spokesperson Gregory Hartl , in quotes carried by Xinhua . But he added that there are some "  suspected but not yet confirmed cases of perhaps very limited transmission between close family members . " According to Hartl , one of the suspected family clusters was in Shanghai , with three family members having similar symptoms and one of them being confirmed of H7N9 , Xinhua said . Two -- one confirmed and one suspected H7N9 case -- have now died , Hartl said . The other suspected cluster is in Jiangsu . However Hartl cautioned that even if an infection is confirmed in another family member , further investigations would be required to ascertain whether it is actually a human-to-human transmission between constant and close contacts or a viral infection from the same environmental source , Xinhua said . Despite assurances Tuesday from Vice Premier Liu Yandong that every effort would be made to prevent the spread of infections , Chinese netizens were taking to social media to voice their fears . "  I graduated from junior high school when there was an outbreak of SARS , then I graduated from high school and there was an H1N1 outbreak . Well , now I graduated from college and there is an H7N9 outbreak ... . this generation has seen it all ! " @Welly Han declared on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like micro-blogging service . Another , known as @Zhulin , posted : "  At this point  H7N9 influenza  , not going out would be a wise choice . " CNN 's Ke Feng in Beijing contributed to this report .	Nine people now dead in China following recent bird flu outbreak Officials probing possibility of transmission among families No evidence of human-to-human transmission of H7N9 so far Source of bird flu outbreak unknown , 28 infections reported
CNN  -- Paul Tanner , one of the last surviving members of the Glenn Miller Orchestra , died February 5 at an assisted-living facility in Carlsbad , California , his stepson said . Tanner was 95 and died of pneumonia , said Dick Darnall in a telephone interview . Tanner was born in Skunk Hollow , Kentucky , in 1917 , but soon left to tour the country with his five brothers and their father , all of them musicians , during the early 1930s . "  Everybody was trying to survive during the Great Depression , " Darnall said . After one gig , Miller , who scouted his own talent , came up from the audience and "  asked Paul to become part of his band . " The trombonist went on to play with Miller , who also played trombone , from 1938 until 1942 . But when the band leader joined the military and started a military band at military wages , the civilian band broke up . For the next few years , Tanner stayed in Hollywood , where he did studio work , Darnall said . At age 39 , he enrolled at UCLA , which offered him a teaching job and advanced degrees upon his graduation four years later ; he went on to teach music there for 23 years , Darnall said . Tanner was also working with the ABC Orchestra , where for 16 years he played with the likes of Leonard Bernstein , Andre Previn and Arturo Toscanini , Darnall said . His interests included early forms of electronic music , and he developed the Electro-Theremin in the 1950s , said Darnall . The device , which is mechanically linked to an audio oscillator , produced the eery , almost human sounds showcased by the Beach Boys on "  Good Vibrations " and on the TV series "  My Favorite Martian . " The Electro-Theremin also was used in movies , including 1964 's "  Strait-Jacket , " with Joan Crawford . "  She was accused of chopping off everybody 's heads , " Tanner said in an interview in 1997 that is posted on his website . "  So , she was a psycho , they thought . There was one spot in the picture where she was to go up the wall , and they put her in a little small room , and then she got more and more and more excited and then she gradually got limp and passed out . And all through that , I 'm the only thing playing . "  So , I told the guy who was going to conduct me , I said , ` Just raise your hand up when you want more intensity , and lower it when you want less intensity , that 's all you got to do , ' which was mainly a case of widening the vibrato . There was no music for that , I was just to make an effect , that 's all . " Though Tanner did not invent the device , "  He enhanced on it and made it easier to play , " his widow , Jeanette , said in a telephone interview . "  He made it more like piano keys . " But the device proved to be so simple that he put it into an elaborate container to make it look nicer . "  Otherwise , it would look like an oatmeal box , " he said . During his teaching years , Tanner wrote a number of textbooks , and his classes proved popular , his widow said . "  He used to crowd the auditorium area where he had his classes , and it got so full that the fire department closed the doors and would n't let any more in , " she said . Though he stopped teaching more than 30 years ago and moved to Carlsbad , "  I still get letters from people that were his students , " she said . "  They said that he changed their life . " Tanner wound up giving his Electro-Theremin to a hospital , where it was used to measure hearing , she said . In addition to his wife and stepson , Tanner is survived by another stepson , Doug Darnall . Tanner 's first wife , Alma , died in 1981 or 1982 after four decades of marriage , according to his family . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	"  Everybody was trying to survive " during the Depression , his stepson Dick Darnall says Glenn Miller offered the fellow trombonist a job after hearing him perform He left the band when Miller joined the military and started a military band Tanner 's work included the Electro-Theremin , featured on "  Good Vibrations "
CNN  -- Three ballistic missile crew members have been punished for sleeping during a sensitive task , the Air Force reported Thursday . Two first lieutenants and a captain fell asleep on July 12 while in control of a classified electronic part that contained old launch codes for intercontinental nuclear missiles . It happened during the changing out of electronic parts used to communicate with Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota . Maj. Laurie A. Arellano , an Air Force spokeswoman , confirmed to CNN they have been "  decertified from missile operations , " been given written reprimands and will forgo part of their pay for two months . This comes under an Article 15 procedure that allows for discipline without court action . She said two squadron commanders are among six other officers who were sanctioned for their roles in the incident , and disciplinary letters are in their files . Two officers are under investigation for lying about destroying classified missile components , and another for alleged sexual misconduct , the military reported . A crew member formerly from the 91st Missile Wing told the military last May that he and another officer formerly assigned to the wing did n't tell the truth about destroying classified launch devices in July 2005 , Arellano said . Such devices are approximately the size of a bandage and are used on equipment inside the launch control center to detect any equipment tampering , the Air Force says . Arellano said they were expected to destroy the items and they signed documents that said the material was destroyed . But the one officer who came forward said each man took one of the items home , Arellano said . That crew member who notified the Air Force turned over his device , but it is not known what happened to the other device , Arellano said . The two have been reassigned to other capacities while the investigation continues . Arellano said there is no security risk since the material that was expected to be destroyed had been overridden . Another incident involved alleged sexual contact at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana . Arellano said the Air Force was told in March that a male crew member sexually assaulted a woman in December while they were on duty in a launch control area . The man also has been reassigned during the probe and Arellano said she did n't know the duty status of the woman . "  There is no more important mission anywhere than maintaining the readiness , safety and security of our nuclear weapons . We are fully committed to demonstrating to the American people we deserve their trust to do that mission . " said Gen. C. Robert Kehler , head of the Air Force Space Command , quoted in an Air Force news release . "  Each violation of our very exacting standards is fully investigated , and every person at all levels is held fully accountable for their actions . " There have been a string of Air Force mishaps and problems relating to weapons . A truck carrying an unarmed missile booster tipped over in North Dakota in July . The vehicle , which was carrying a Minuteman III rocket booster , tipped on its side on a gravel road about 70 miles southwest of Minot Air Force Base . The crew received only minor injuries . Last August , a B-52 bomber flew from Minot to Louisiana with the crew unaware that six nuclear-tipped missiles were onboard , and a shipment of components that arm and fuse nuclear warheads was accidentally sent to Taiwan in 2006 . An investigation prompted by those incidents led to the firing of Air Force Secretary Michael W. Wynne and Chief of Staff Gen. T. Michael Moseley . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report	Two first lieutenants and a captain fell asleep while manning a classified device 2 officers are investigated for lying about destroying classified missile components There have been a string of Air Force mishaps and problems relating to weapons
CNN  -- Polish football fans have celebrated the launch of the biggest stadium for this year 's Euro 2012 finals with a free music festival and fireworks display . The newly-constructed National Stadium in Warsaw will host the opening match of the four-yearly tournament on June 8 when co-hosts Poland take on Euro 2004 winners Greece in Group A . The first 40,000 fans to arrive on Sunday were given the chance to see Polish pop acts including VooVoo i Haydamaky , Zakopower , Coma , T. Love and Lady Pank . The at the 50,000-seat arena , which will also host a semifinal , was built on the site of the old 10th Anniversary Stadium , which had stood since 1955 and welcomed Pope John Paul II in 1983 . "  I am very happy that the National Stadium has been finally unveiled , " Poland 's tournament director Adam Olkowicz told the website of European football 's governing body UEFA . "  It 's the biggest Polish venue for this year 's final tournament . On June 8 , we will witness the opening ceremony here followed by the first match between Poland and Greece . "  I hope that Poland 's players play to their best , with the backing of thousands of local supporters . " On February 29 , Franciszek Smuda 's Poland team will play in their new home for the first time -- exactly 100 days before the start of Euro 2012 -- when they take on Portugal , who boast players such as Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo . The first football match to be played at the stadium , located on the east bank of the river Vistula , will be a Polish Super Cup clash between Legia Warsaw and Wisla Krakow on February 11 . The National Stadium is one of five venues built especially for the 14th European Championship , which is being co-hosted with Ukraine , and one of three new stadia in Poland . The other two are the Arena Gdansk and the Municipal Stadium in Wroclaw .	The new National Stadium in the Polish capital of Warsaw was opened on Sunday Poland and Ukraine will host the forthcoming Euro 2012 football tournament The National Stadium will host the opening match between Poland and Greece on June 8 It will also be a semifinal venue , with Poland set to play there for the first time on February 29
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan will likely need two to three more months to bring an end to the disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , a nuclear industry official said Saturday . Takashi Sawada , the deputy director of the Atomic Energy Society of Japan , said Saturday that it was likely to take that long to restore normal cooling systems for the damaged reactors at Fukushima Daiichi . The plant 's coolant systems were knocked out by the March 11 tsunami , causing three reactors to overheat and producing what Japan 's government has designated a top-scale nuclear accident . Sawada 's organization is an association of nuclear engineers , scientists and professors , and it issued a Friday report that he called "  our best effort to imagine what the core looks like . " That report concluded that the zirconium alloy sheaths that surround the reactor 's fuel rods ruptured in the three units , sending pellets of molten uranium tumbling to the bottom of the reactors . The pellets are since believed to have cooled and solidified at the reactor bases , according to the report . The plant 's owner , the Tokyo Electric Power Company , has said it ca n't provide a timeline for bringing the crisis to an end and would not discuss Sawada 's assessment Saturday . "  We are trying to do our utmost at this moment , " a company official told CNN . But an adviser to Prime Minister Naoto Kan said the government wants to see some sort of plan by the end of April . "  We will set up a goal for the cooling process soon , " the adviser , Goshi Hosono , said during an appearance on the BS Asahi satellite network Saturday morning . Japanese nuclear regulators declared the Fukushima Daiichi accident a Level 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale this week , putting the crisis on par with the April 1986 fire and explosion at the Chernobyl plant in the former Soviet Union . While authorities said the amount of radioactivity released was only 10 percent of the amount that spewed from Chernobyl , it was far beyond the threshold for a Level 7 event . More than 78,000 people who lived within 20 kilometers  12.5 miles  of the plant were ordered to flee their homes . Another 60,000-plus living in the next 10 kilometers were told to shelter indoors , And Japan 's government ordered residents of several towns outside that danger zone that they would soon be evacuating due to the possibility of long-term health risks from radioactive particles released from the plant . Tokyo Electric has said it has to drain highly radioactive water from the basements and service tunnels of the reactor units ' turbine plants before it can work on restoring normal cooling systems . But workers are also pumping up to 7 tons  1,850 gallons  of water into the reactors every hour as an interim measure , and an unknown portion of that is leaking back into the plant . At the plant on Saturday , workers continued preparations to start pumping water from the No. 2 turbine plant into a treatment facility for low-level radioactive waste . More than 9,000 tons of less-contaminated water that had been held there was dumped into the Pacific Ocean last week in what Japanese officials called an emergency measure to make room for fluid that had been leaking into the sea until April 6 . Crews have been laying fresh pipes to the treatment center and hope to start transferring water from unit 2 on Sunday , the company said . But its capacity could be only a fraction of the volume now sloshing around in the turbine building basements , and engineers are still pouring hundreds of tons of water into the reactors every day to keep them cool . The treatment center could hold up to 30,000 tons of water , Tokyo Electric said -- but that could be only a fraction of the volume now sloshing around in the turbine building basements , the company said .	Industry group report says normal cooling may take 2 to 3 months Tokyo Electric wo n't comment on the estimate Japan 's government wants to see a timeline soon , adviser says
CNN  -- A plane crash in eastern Guatemala on Sunday killed 10 people , including eight Americans , a Guatemalan official told CNN . A Cessna Caravan 208 carrying 14 people was en route from Aurora to El Estor when the pilot started making distress calls about engine failure about 45 minutes after takeoff , said Jose Carlos , Guatemala 's director of civil aeronautics . The air traffic tower in Guatemala City lost communication with the plane at 9:45 a.m. . The plane crashed in Zacapa , an agricultural hub about 115 kilometers  71 miles  east of Guatemala City , killing the pilot Monica Bonilla , co-pilot Luis Fernando LanFiesta and the Americans . Four other passengers were injured and taken to a local hospital . "  It seems like the pilot tried her best to make a safe landing in a open field , but was not successful , " said Ricardo Lemus , a Zacapa firefighter at the scene of the crash told reporters . "  On impact , the aircraft was split into pieces . " The charter flight was operated by Aero Ruta Maya .	Cessna Caravan 208 was en route from Aurora to El Estor Pilot started making distress calls about 45 minutes after takeoff Plane crashed in Zacapa , about 115 kilometers  71 miles  east of Guatemala City
Washington  CNN  -- Nearly three-quarters of all Americans think Tibet should be an independent country , according to a new national poll . However , the CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Thursday also indicates that most Americans think it is more important to maintain good relations with China than to take a stand on Tibet . The poll 's release came as President Obama was to meet with the Dalai Lama , Tibet 's spiritual leader in exile , at the White House . The Dalai Lama is popular with Americans , according to the survey , with 56 percent holding a favorable view of him and only 18 percent having an unfavorable impression . "  That puts him in the same neighborhood as other major religious figures , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Favorable ratings for the pope , at 59 percent , and Billy Graham , at 57 percent , are virtually identical to the numbers for the Dalai Lama . " The poll also indicates that 53 percent say it 's more important for the United States to take a strong stand on human rights in China than to maintain good relations with Beijing , with 44 percent saying good relations are more important . Analysis : Meeting could hurt relations with China By a 6-point margin , the survey also shows that more Americans say taking a strong stand on Taiwan by force is more important than maintaining good relations with Beijing . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted February 12-15 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall survey . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this story .	Most support Tibetan independence from China , CNN poll says Poll also suggests 56 percent of Americans have favorable view of Dalai Lama President Obama to meet with exiled Tibetan spiritual leader on Thursday
Two years into the Syrian conflict , President Obama has decided it 's finally time to explain it to the American people in a speech he will give from the Oval Office on Tuesday . But from the beginning , President Obama 's strategy in Syria -- if he ever had one -- has been confused . Years of dithering , red lines that went unanswered , and a failure to persuade our international allies and the American public to get on board with the president 's nonplan plan , has resulted , not surprisingly , in a confused Congress . On the Republican side , Sen. John McCain was against the president 's plan for limited intervention but on Wednesday changed his mind . Sen. Marco Rubio was for intervention in Syria for the past two years , but he can not support Obama 's plan for military strikes . On the Democratic side , many who have previously defended Obama 's foreign policy as somehow morally superior to his predecessor for its caution and thoughtfulness now seem delighted to support his new war in Syria . Then there are Democrats who seem a little less fuzzy on their long-held principles and do not support intervening in Syria . Obama 's own administration seems confused as well . Secretary of State John Kerry has had to backpedal more than once after contradicting official policy in Syria , which is admittedly hard to discern . Even Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , has been an awkward spokesman , spending the better part of the past year telling Congress that Syrian intervention was unwise . As Eli Lake , a correspondent for the Daily Beast puts it , "  On Tuesday , Dempsey was not much more helpful for the president 's case for war in the Senate . He contradicted President Obama 's contention from Saturday that delays would not affect the Syria war plan , confirming the Syrian military was adjusting to press leaks about an early plan . " The confusion is n't merely a consequence of the complicated machinations in Syria or the fog of war . Everything we know now about the Syrian conflict -- that President Bashar al-Assad has been killing his own people , that he possessed chemical weapons , that he had pipelines to Hezbollah and Iran , and that al Qaeda was circling the wagons hoping to exploit the chaos -- we knew in the first week of the conflict two years ago . President Obama is solely to blame for the confusion . His spectacular failure of leadership on the crisis is coming into clearer focus with every passing day . It 's possible he just did n't know what to do two years ago , and does n't know what to do now . Syria is a messy conflict with few good answers . But in piecing together the president 's moves in recent months , it 's clear he 's also very much concerned about protecting his own legacy . That means spreading the blame around to others . First , he made his best effort  at the 11th hour  to get international support for a short-term intervention that -- by his own admission -- was not meant to actually change the course of the war . I call this the beach house strategy . You want to buy a beach house , but ca n't afford it . So you go in with a few friends so that when the dishwasher breaks , no one person 's on the hook for it . One would hardly call that leadership , and it 's no wonder few wanted to join us in "  not changing the course of the war " in Syria . Obama does n't want to be responsible for the red lines he set either , apparently . He insisted that when it came to al-Assad 's use of chemical weapons , "  I did n't set a red line ; the world set a red line . " Reactions to this absurd duck and cover were so immediate that the White House dispatched spokespeople to explain the president 's contradictory remarks . While it 's true that international peace accords bar the use of chemical weapons , it 's baffling and shameful that Obama does n't proudly and defiantly own red lines against a dictator who would gas innocent children in the streets . "  You 're damn right that 's my red line " -- would have been a far more impressive and effective message to the rest of the world . Lastly , it seems clear the president does n't want ownership of his own initial plan for limited strikes in Syria merely meant to punish al-Assad . I ca n't blame him there -- it 's an ill-conceived half-measure that even Democrat Rep. Charlie Rangel likened to being impossibly "  part pregnant . " After insisting he could go ahead with his plan even without Congress , he 's curiously allowing legislators to craft his strategy through resolutions and amendments that significantly alter the scope of his plans for intervention . If Obama truly believed his plan was the right one , and is prepared to move ahead without Congress , then why go through the charade of hearings ? I would venture it 's so that he can later claim that whatever we end up doing in Syria was largely the design of John McCain and other members of Congress . It 's a sad state of affairs . With so much at stake -- the stability of the region , the security of our allies , the spread of weapons of mass destruction , 100,000 deaths and Iran watching closely -- you 'd hope that the president of the United States would summon the wisdom and courage to take a clear position on Syria , and then accept whatever credit or blame follows . Instead , it seems the president 's primary concern in Syria is himself .	S.E. Cupp : President Obama 's strategy in Syria has been confused from the start Cupp : Obama 's failure of leadership on the crisis is clearer with every passing day She says the president sets the red line but then says the world sets the red line Cupp : It seems the president 's main concern in Syria is himself and his legacy
CNN  If you 're planning on packing up and changing addresses to Kepler-442b or Kepler-438b anytime soon , you can probably put away the moving boxes for now . While the newly discovered exoplanets and their six friends hold the exciting possibility of being capable of supporting life , scientists wo n't know for sure for a while . The Kepler Space Telescope made the discoveries , pushing the number of such exoplanets it has found to more than 1,000 . The punch list , according to astronomers with the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics  CfA  , sounds good . They are not too close or too far from their star so that they might have water instead of ice or steam . They are about the right size , and they get a decent amount of sunlight . And they also might have the kinds of surface that could bear life . "  Most of these planets have a good chance of being rocky , like Earth , " lead author Guillermo Torres of the CfA said in a release . Which is a lot more hospitable that being a big ball of gasses . "  We do n't know for sure whether any of the planets in our sample are truly habitable , " second author David Kipping of the CfA said in a release . "  All we can say is that they 're promising candidates . " Kepler-438b and Kepler-442b are the most similar to Earth of any known exoplanets to date . And even if there was confirmation , Christine Pulliam with the CfA said teams are "  still a couple of generations of telescope development away , " from even seeing them , much less visiting . Kepler-438b is 470 light-years away and Kepler-442b is 1,100 light years away , according to CfA . "  That 's a little far away , " Caldwell said , "  We need to get to Mars first . " Still it 's very exciting just to discover them and to be closer to identifying a "  second " Earth . At a panel held last summer at NASA headquarters in Washington , astronomers said they were "  very close in terms of technology and science to actually finding the other Earth . " That 's due in part to the Kepler telescope . The planet-hunting Kepler probe , launched in 2009 , finds planets by looking for dips in the brightness of a star as a planet transits , or crosses , in front of that star . Pulliam said the team of scientists monitored data for more than 160,000 stars , which led them to the eight new planets . The couple most like Earth , Kepler-438b and Kepler-442b , both orbit red dwarf stars , which are cooler and smaller than the Earth 's sun . Kepler-438b 's diameter is 12 % bigger than Earth and has a 70 % chance of being rocky , which means the surface of the planet appears to be like Earth 's . Kepler-442b is about one-third larger than Earth with a 60 % chance of being rocky . Scientists give it a 97 % chance of being in the habitable zone , but caution that the estimates are n't certain . NASA stuns with new image of ` Pillars of Creation ' CNN 's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	Scientists find eight new planets in habitable distance from their stars Two of the eight are most similar to Earth of any known exoplanets Observations of these new planets is difficult due to their light-years distance away from Earth
CNN -- When Maria Rubeo closed her arm , she felt something "  very big -- like a lemon . " Although Hispanic women have a lower incidence rate for breast cancer , they often get the diagnosis at later stages . Her doctor said the lump in her breast was nothing , so Rubeo , who did n't have health insurance , did n't seek a second opinion . With two jobs and two kids , she was busy and did n't go to the doctor 's office for another year . During her next visit , with a different doctor , Rubeo learned she had breast cancer -- and the tumor had been there for a while . Her story may not be particularly rare . Research suggests that breast cancer may be harder to treat in Hispanic women because they wait longer to receive care . Women in the fastest-growing minority group in the United States face issues such as language and cultural barriers , lifestyle choices and lack of insurance that could affect their health and medical care , according to research released Wednesday at the Science of Cancer Health Disparities Conference . Like Rubeo , about half of women in a study of 230 Mexican-American breast cancer patients in Arizona and Texas noticed changes in their breasts , but waited more than a month to seek medical attention , according to research presented at the conference hosted by the American Association for Cancer Research . "  We asked what the reasons were , " said Rachel Zenuk , a graduate student at the University of Arizona Mel and Enid Zuckerman College of Public Health , who spoke about the study . "  A third cited they did n't have insurance or were unable to afford medical care . Or they thought it was not important to report the medical finding to a professional . " Other factors included fear of the results and difficulty scheduling an appointment , she said . More than a decade after her mastectomy , Rubeo urges Hispanic women in the San Francisco , California , Bay area not to wait after seeing changes in their breasts . "  I explain : Take time for you to see the doctor , " she said . " -LSB- Some women -RSB- do n't have insurance , do n't speak English , it 's very difficult . " Hispanics are the largest U.S. minority group , constituting 14 percent of the nation 's total population . While Hispanic women have a lower incidence rate for breast cancer than whites , blacks and Asians , they have a less favorable prognosis because of delayed treatment . "  They 're not getting more breast cancer than other women , but they 're less likely to survive as long , " said Dr. Amelie G. Ramirez , a member of the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation 's National Health Advisory Council and chairwoman of the Komen Foundation National Hispanic/Latino Advisory Council . "  The reason is they 're diagnosed at a later stage of the cancer . " "  We 're seeing them at later stages , so the cancer is more advanced . Their five-year survival rates are lower than non-Hispanic whites , " Ramirez said . Data also showed that about two-thirds of breast cancer cases in the 230 Mexican-American women were found through self-detection , which suggests that the women were not receiving routine mammogram or exams . Rubeo said that when she first noticed the lump , she "  had no time for me to take care of myself . Only work , work , running , no time to eat . Sometimes you forget yourself , so there 's time for everybody and not enough for yourself . " At the Latina Breast Cancer Agency in San Francisco , she tells other women how she did n't take care of herself while working two jobs , 16 hours a day . "  I explain to the ladies my experience . Sometimes they cry and say it 's true , " Rubeo said . She now runs support groups for breast cancer patients , talking about health screenings , accompanying women to the hospital and helping them with paperwork . Aside from the pressures of being a busy , working mother , there are language and cultural barriers for Latina women . "  For women we work with , our focus is breast health , " said Olivia Fé , founder and executive director of the Latina Breast Cancer Agency . "  Within Latino culture , within family , the husband does n't want the wife to see a male doctor . ... That is a big deal . " The group partnered with public hospitals in San Francisco and San Mateo counties and made sure the medical staff who work with Hispanic breast cancer patients are female and speak Spanish . Hispanic women do n't take advantage of the free breast health screenings , because there 's a lack of awareness , Fé said . Many women speak only Spanish , so prevention messages in English do n't get through . Research showed that the women with more education and exposure to English-language media , such as television and radio , were more likely to have had a mammogram . Ramirez said there are now public service announcements in Spanish that target Hispanic women of all ages , so the younger ones will know the importance of family history and the older ones will become informed about the importance of mammograms . The Komen Foundation funds local efforts to increase enrollment of Hispanic women in clinical trials , provide medical interpretive and transportation services , and have Spanish peer support for 24-hour breast cancer hotlines . Lifestyle choices have an important role in breast cancer development , said Esther John , a research scientist and epidemiologist at the Northern California Cancer Center . One study that examined 2,533 Hispanic women found that the women born in foreign countries had 50 percent less risk of developing breast cancer than women born in the United States . This San Francisco Bay Area Breast Cancer Study compared the known breast cancer risks such as obesity , use of hormones , alcohol consumption , fat intake and lack of physical activity between the two groups and found women born in the United States had greater risk . "  The pattern suggests that when Hispanic women move to the U.S. , there are important changes from the traditional lifestyle to the Americanized lifestyle , " John said . "  There are lifestyle factors that increase risks of breast cancer . "	Hispanic women learn of breast cancer at later stages , research shows Language , cultural barriers and lack of insurance may impede medical care Other factors include fear of results and difficulty scheduling an appointment
CNN  -- The United States hailed a World Trade Organization ruling to open Chinese markets and ease controls on the import of U.S. films , DVDs , music downloads and books . U.S. Trade Rep. Ron Kirk , shown , says WTO 's decision will "  help pave the way toward more open trade . " "  Today , a WTO panel handed a significant victory to America 's creative industries , " U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk said Wednesday . "  These findings are an important step toward ensuring market access for legitimate U.S. products in the Chinese market , as well as ensuring market access for U.S. exporters and distributors of those products . " In its ruling , the WTO said China violates free-trade rules by requiring importers to channel media products such as movies , books and music through state-owned companies , rather than giving them direct access to Chinese markets . China denied the charges in the ruling . "  The country has always fulfilled its obligations set by WTO on issues related to publication products market entrance permission , " Yao Jian , a spokesman for China 's Ministry of Commerce , said Thursday . "  China will carefully evaluate the decision . ... Possibilities for China to issue an appeal on its concerned points can not be ruled out . " The U.S. trade representative 's office said the ruling could put an end to China 's discriminatory trade practices . "  This decision promises to level the playing field for American companies working to distribute high-quality entertainment products in China , so that legitimate American products can get to market and beat out the pirates , " Kirk said . "  To me , that is a clear win . We believe that this report will help pave the way toward more open trade between China and America . " In recent years , U.S. officials have pressed Chinese officials for help in controlling the counterfeiting of U.S. products and the illegal copying and distribution of copyrighted U.S. products , including movies , music and software . Counterfeit products are estimated to cost U.S. companies billions of dollars in lost revenue . Though senior U.S. law enforcement officials have expressed optimism , China remains a haven for pirated U.S. products .	China violates free-trade rules by impeding direct access to markets , WTO says China rejects charges "  This decision promises to level the playing field , " U.S. trade representative says
CNN  -- She may be a fully-fledged pop star with a growing global appeal but Nigerian singer , Asa , is determined to remain true to her African roots . The 29 year old artist initially found fame on her home continent thanks to her soulful musical melodies , which have since proved popular with audiences in Europe and beyond . She has since opened live shows for the musical superstars such as Beyonce , Snoop Dogg , Akon and John Legend . Ghana 's Bob Marley spreads message of brotherhood But despite sampling the sweet taste of global recognition , it is Nigeria and Africa that remain the singer 's main sources of inspiration . "  I 'm proud to be Nigerian and I also hope other Nigerians feel proud that they have a great country , she adds " "  People have preconceptions of Nigeria ... so for other Nigerians we need to know that we can not hide , we need to defend , and how do we defend , we need to be good at whatever we do , " she adds . Asa is just the latest in a long line of African artists to make it big on the world stage . Singer Nneka tells world of love and injustice in Nigeria Traditional acts such as Ladysmith Black Mambazo and Salif Keita have blazed a trail in years gone by , while up-and-coming hip hop artists such as K'naan and 2Face Idibia have taken on the mantle in recent times . In the gallery above , CNN takes a look at some of the continent 's most famous and much-loved musical exports .	Asa is a Nigerian singer songwriter Her soulful melodies have led proved popular with audiences in Africa and beyond The 29-year-old artist is the latest in a long line of African musicians to make it on world stage
It 's been almost two decades since I was separated from my family , my home and my past as a war child . Last year I was able to travel back to East Africa to find my parents , reconnect with others who survived the war and place my vote in the referendum that would eventually lead to the division of Sudan into two independent states . On July 9 2011 , the Republic of South Sudan was born . It 's hard to describe how I felt that day as I stood among tens of thousands of South Sudanese men , women and children waving our new flag and screaming "  South Oye ! Separation Oye ! " Through two civil wars that lasted a total of 39 years , this is what we had hoped , prayed and fought for ; it was hard to believe it was happening in my lifetime . Yes , each one of us has fears , hopes and dreams about how we are transforming into a nation . As a citizen , I do n't mind us having to crawl and take small steps in our progress . Development is not a race and for it to be sustainable it should be holistic . We 're starting from scratch and have a lot of ground to cover . I was born into Sudan 's civil war and before I could read or write I was using an AK47 in the conflict between the Muslim north and Animist/Christian south over the land and natural resources . I protected myself , survived and ended up in the Western world where I had to play catch-up with youth who had much calmer childhoods . It was never easy , but I always tried my best and kept complaints out of my heart by holding tightly onto the hope that one day , I would read and write . This is a dream for many boys and girls who were born on the battlefields of Sudan simply because during the civil war there were no schools at all . Now there are a few in Juba and a significant need for more all across the country . My main concern for the newest nation in the world is not tribalism or corruption -- though they both exist , it 's the fact that we are still at war with the National Congress  NCP  of Sudan , the governing official party of Sudan , and this needs to be permanently addressed before moving onto smaller issues . Five months ago I went to South Sudan to vote and raise the flag on the soil of my new country . While we were beginning the countdown to independence the NCP , which is headed by Sudan President Omar Hassan Ahmad Al Bashir , raided Abyei and forced innocent people from their land . Why ? Well , the region produces 70 % of our oil . As I write this article there are still many innocent people suffering and dying all across the country . If the International Criminal Court does not increase its pressure on President Al Bashir , a return to war and bloodshed over The Republic of South Sudan 's land and natural resources is very likely . That being said , I am very optimistic about the future of my country . We all feel a strong sense of ownership when we think of The Republic of South Sudan because everybody sacrificed and suffered to get us to where we are now . We need to feel the same sense of ownership towards finding solutions to our problems ; homemade solutions need to be found to fix what we messed up . To do this we need to work together with world powers while ensuring that the resulting plans hold the interests of South Sudan at heart . The Republic of South Sudan is still a baby ; our leaders should be willing to take small steps towards developments and not move too fast . The solutions we put into place need to be in line with our long-term interests while offering short-term relief , which is not always that easy to do . But if the government of South Sudan can provide security and education , the rest will begin to fall into place and matters such as finding alternative energy sources for Juba city can be taken care of . As the youngest nation in the world we have the advantage of learning from the experiences of others , starting with sustainable solutions from the beginning -- electricity made by generators can only take us so far ! With my fellow brothers I walked to Ethiopia barefoot without adequate food or water in the rain and burning sun , eating unripe mangoes and dodging the corpses of those who perished along the way . It took 18 years for me to find my way home again and through it , I was blessed to not experience any forms of physical war . But it became clear to me that human drama is unavoidable . All around the world there is corruption , tribalism and division , as many find it easier to pick on those that are different , which is why we need to hold tightly to the good in this world . We are all trying to make it the best way we know how , so when we look at each other as individuals and nations we should do so with compassion .	18 years ago , Ger Duany walked barefoot to Ethiopia from Sudan to escape its civil war The former "  Lost Boy " is optimistic about the future of South Sudan "  Homemade solutions need to be found to fix what we messed up , " he says He fears a return to war with South Sudan 's northern neighbor
Quetta , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suicide bombing tore through the funeral of a police official in the Pakistani city of Quetta Thursday , killing 30 people -- as well as the bomber -- and wounding at least 40 others , said Quetta Police Inspector Gen. Mushtaq Sukhera . The blast happened as people lined up for a funeral procession at a mosque , Quetta Police Chief Mir Zubair Mehmood said . Most of the victims were policemen , he said . Many of the wounded were taken to Quetta 's Combined Military Hospital . Doctors there said more than 30 security officials were among the injured , and that 12 people were critically injured . Three children among 7 killed in Pakistan blast , police say The police official for whom the funeral was held had been shot dead earlier Thursday , the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan reported . Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and outgoing President Asif Ali Zardari condemned the bombing in a statement , the APP reported . Pakistani artists challenging YouTube ban Journalist Nasir Habib in Islamabad , Pakistan , and CNN 's Aliza Kassim in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Report : Blast happened at funeral of police official who was killed earlier that day At least 40 people wounded ; about half were policemen , official says Explosion came as people lined up for funeral procession at mosque in Quetta , official says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese authorities have killed more than 20,000 birds from a live-poultry trading zone in Shanghai after an unusual strain of bird flu that has so far killed six people in the country was found in pigeons on sale in the city , state-run media outlet Xinhua reported Friday . Details of the slaughter of chickens , ducks , geese and pigeons come as the city prepares to temporarily close all its live poultry markets . It was n't clear how long the market closures -- announced Friday on the Shanghai Municipal Government 's microblog account -- would last . By Friday morning , authorities in Shanghai had already closed the Huhai agricultural market , where the H7N9 avian flu virus had been found in pigeons , Xinhua reported . The virus had not previously been found in humans until a series of cases were reported in China this week . The cull at the Shanghai poultry trading zone came as researchers in the United States said they had started work on developing a vaccine for H7N9 . Cambodia sees spike in bird flu deaths The Chinese Minister of Agriculture said Thursday an analysis showed a strong genetic overlap between the strain found in the Huhai market pigeons and the one detected in infected humans . At the Huhai market , Shanghai authorities were disinfecting the area and objects that came into contact with the birds , Xinhau reported . Officials are trying to track where the infected pigeons came from . A growing number of cases A 64-year-old man died Thursday night in Huzhou , Zhejiang province , the provincial health bureau said Friday . He died hours after doctors had confirmed he had been infected with the H7N9 virus , it said . He is one of the 14 human cases of H7N9 reported so far -- all of them in the coastal area of eastern China . Authorities there began reporting the first cases on Sunday . Four of the deaths happened in Shanghai , the two others in Zhejiang . The ages of those infected have ranged from a 4-year-old child , who was reported to be recovering , to an 83-year-old man . No cases of human-to-human transmission of the H7N9 virus have been confirmed so far . A person in Shanghai who developed flu symptoms after coming into close contact with a patient who died of the virus tested negative for H7N9 , city authorities said . Seeking the cause and a vaccine "  We do n't know yet where the humans got their virus from , " said Dr. Joseph Bresee , who heads the epidemiology and prevention branch in the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's  CDC  influenza division . The virus has not been shown to spread easily between humans , he added . The CDC , based in Atlanta , is working closely with Chinese authorities trying to find the source of the human infections , Bresee said . "  There are lots of things happening at CDC to prepare for this virus , " Bresee said . "  State health departments are readying themselves just in case , " and researchers are working on developing a vaccine for this strain , he said . Bird flu research resumes -- but not in U.S. Regional concerns In a sign of broader regional concern about the situation , the Hospital Authority in Hong Kong said it had sent a team of six people , including experts from Hong Kong University and the Center for Health Protection , to Shanghai on Thursday . The team 's purpose was to "  learn about the experience of H7N9 " in Shanghai , the authority said , adding that it was due to return late Friday . And Japan 's National Institute of Infectious Diseases will receive samples of the virus from Chinese authorities as soon as this month , CNN affiliate NHK reported . The institute is already analyzing genetic information from the virus in order to be ready to quickly produce vaccines , if needed , NHK said . Other strains from the H7 virus family caused previous outbreaks in poultry in countries including the Netherlands , Britain , Canada , the United States and Mexico , Malik Peiris , a professor at Hong Kong University 's School of Public Health , said earlier this week . Human infection was documented in all of those cases except the Mexican one . The outbreak of the H7N7 strain in the Netherlands in 2003 infected 89 people , one of whom died , according to Peiris . The better known H5N1 avian flu virus has infected more than 600 people since 2003 , of which more than 370 have died , according to the World Health Organization . In February , China reported two new human cases of H5N1 in the southern province of Guizhou , both of whom were in a critical condition , the WHO said . A spike in H5N1 deaths , many of them children , has been reported in Cambodia , prompting concern among health authorities . CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Feng Ke and Steven Jiang in Beijing , Pamela Boykoff in Hong Kong and Miriam Falco in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities slaughter market birds in Shanghai after H7N9 found in pigeons Poultry markets in Shanghai will close starting Saturday Fourteen human cases of H7N9 have been reported in eastern China so far No cases of human-to-human transmission virus have been confirmed
CNN  -- Spain is to be offered an initial 30 billion euros  US$ 36.9 billion  to bail out its troubled banks following an emergency meeting of Eurozone finance ministers . The agreement followed nine hours of talks in Brussels that concluded early Tuesday . It was aimed at preventing Spain , the eurozone 's fourth largest economy , from needing a full bailout itself . In June , European finance ministers agreed to set aside $ 150 billion to shore up the capital base of Spain 's banks . Madrid was also given an extra year to meet its steep budget deficit target , according to Jean Claude Juncker , Luxembourg 's prime minister and the head of the Eurozone finance ministers group . Spain had been told to cut the difference between its income and spending to within 5.3 % of gross domestic product  GDP  by the end of 2012 . But it will now be given until 2014 instead of 2013 to cut its deficit to below 3 % of GDP . Spain given extra time to cut deficit "  We are aiming at reaching a formal agreement in the second half of July , taking into account national parliamentary procedure , allowing for a first disbursement of 30 billion euros by the end of the month to be mobilized as a contingency in case of urgent needs in the Spanish banking system , " Juncker said in a statement to reporters after the meeting . The ministers from the 17-nation bloc met 10 days after their heads of government agreed to use its temporary bailout funds to recapitalize Spain 's ailing financial system and to set up a joint supervisory body for the area 's lenders . Under the terms of the deal , this supervisory body will oversee the eurozone 's banks and use the single currency area 's rescue funds , the European Financial Stability Facility or European Stability Mechanism , to aid banks directly without adding to governments ' debt . However , the first cash injection will be filtered through Madrid 's existing bailout fund . Audits commissioned by the Spanish government recently showed its banking sector -- beset by bad debt in the aftermath of the country 's property market crash -- is likely to need 60 billion to 70 billion euros in extra cash to stay solvent . Meanwhile , Spanish and Italian borrowing costs continued to rise to unsustainable levels Monday , with Spain 's 10-year bond topping the critical 7 % level . CNN 's Nina Dos Santos contributed to this report .	Euro ministers agree 30 billion euro  US$ 36.9 billion  bailout package for Spain 's banks Aimed at preventing Spain , eurozone 's fourth largest economy , from needing bailout itself Madrid was also given an extra year to meet its steep budget deficit target Spain 's banks suffering with bad debts mainly due to nation 's property market crash
CNN  -- Bayern Munich will enjoy home advantage when they play Chelsea in the European Champions League final after defeating Real Madrid at the Santiago Bernabeu following Wednesday 's dramatic penalty shootout . Bastian Schweinsteiger struck the winning penalty kick after nine-time champions Madrid won the second leg semifinal 2-1 , leveling the tie 3-3 on aggregate , and forcing the match into extra time . After a goalless 30 minutes , the match went to penalties . Bayern won the shootout 3-1 and booked their place in a final that is to be hosted at the German club 's Allianz Arena stadium on May 19 , where home fans will be hoping for a fifth European crown and first since 2001 . "  That was a magical night , " said Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes , who in 1998 led Real to the European title for the first time in 32 years before being sacked after only one season in charge . "  We were in real trouble in the first 15 minutes , but after that we played outstanding football for long periods . I 'm specially delighted for my players and the club management . " Madrid started in explosive fashion , dominating the opening exchanges , and quickly won a controversial penalty when Bayern defender David Alaba was adjudged to have handled the ball even though it had been blasted at him from close range . Cristiano Ronaldo converted the penalty , leveling the tie almost as soon as it had begun . And things got worse for Bayern when Madrid 's German play maker Mesut Ozil slide a perfect pass into the path of Ronaldo who coolly slotted home his , and Madrid 's , second . Incredibly the two goals were Ronaldo 's 55th and 56th of the season . But even with a two-goal cushion Madrid never looked particularly comfortable following their exertions defeating arch-rivals Barcelona in the Spanish league last Saturday . "  The final will be disputed between the fifth team in the Premier League and the runners-up in the Bundesliga , " Real coach Jose Mourinho said after failing to set up a clash with his former club Chelsea . "  Both used their reserve players this weekend , while Real Madrid and Barcelona faced each other in the most important match of the season in the Spanish league . People listened to me when I said the calendar had to be adjusted in these circumstances in Italy , and it made me happy . "  I do n't have that power or enjoy such respect for my opinions here in Spain . We 've started the most important month of the season with midweek games and it 's resulted in yesterday 's and tonight 's results . Bayern won and were luckier than us . " The Portuguese coach lifted the trophy with Porto in 2004 and led Inter Milan to victory over Bayern in the 2010 final but has fallen at the last-four stage in his two seasons with Real -- and could also take Chelsea no further than the semis . With Germany international Mario Gomez causing Madrid 's static defense problems and former Real and Chelsea player Arjen Robben using his pace to good effect , Bayern carved out chance after chance . It was to be another , less controversial penalty decision that would throw the visitors a lifeline when Portugal defender Pepe bundled over Gomez . Robben dispatched the penalty kick even though Iker Casillas got a hand to the ball . It would n't be the last time he would get his hand to a penalty kick . That goal meant that even though Madrid led 2-1 by halftime , the tie was level 3-3 on aggregate following Bayern 's 2-1 first leg victory in Munich last week . Perhaps unsurprisingly the second half was a tense affair devoid of the fluidity that had marked the first period . The game ground down to an attritional stalemate as the final whistle was blown and the match went to extra time . Again the two teams could n't be separated and the match went to penalty kicks . Ronaldo approached to take Madrid 's first , having not missed a penalty all season with 13 goals from the spot . But sensationally his kick was saved by Bayern 's Manuel Neuer . When Kaka saw Madrid 's second penalty clawed away by an even better Neuer save , the home side seemed dead and buried . But Iker Casillas pulled out two stunning saves of his own to level the shootout . It was n't to last . Sergio Ramos blasted over and Schweinsteiger stepped up to send the Germans home .	Bayern Munich will play Chelsea in the Champions League final The German team lost to Real Madrid 2-1 , but drew 3-3 on aggregate The match went to penalties ; Ronaldo missed Madrid 's first Bayern won through 3-2 and will enjoy home advantage in the final
CNN  -- Once investigators looking for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 decide to shift from listening for pings emanating from the floor of the Indian Ocean to poring over its terrain , they will begin drawing from a whole new set of tools . Among them will be the Bluefin-21 , a probe equipped with side-scan sonar -- an acoustic technology that creates pictures from the reflections of sound rather than light . "  That is a piece of equipment that does assist in locating where the wreckage may be , " said Sylvia Earle , an oceanographer from National Geographic who was chief scientist for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . A ` massive , massive task ' Though the discovery of four pings believed to be from the jet 's so-called black boxes -- its flight data recorder and its cockpit voice recorder -- have helped investigators narrow the search area , they would still face a formidable task . "  It 's a lot of terrain to cover , " given that the Bluefin-21 moves at the pace of a leisurely stroll , she told CNN . Though it moves slowly , it creates good images -- so good that they are "  almost a picture of what 's there ... but it 's imaged with sound instead of with a camera . " Listen for a ping , and the water may play tricks on you Once the debris field is found , then other equipment -- such as remotely operated vehicles -- would be brought in to recover the black boxes , Earle said . ROVs working at depths of three miles would require power conveyed down a cable from a ship above , she said . "  There are not many pieces of equipment in the world able to do this . " And there are only a handful of countries that have manned submarines capable of descending to such depths , she said , citing the United States , Russia , Japan , France and China . "  Having the human presence there can make a big difference , " she said . It "  can give you a real edge in terms of understanding what 's there . " The scarcity of resources "  shows how ill-prepared we are to operate in the deep sea , " Earle said . "  We 've invested in aviation and aerospace , and we 've been neglecting the ocean . " The time to move from listening for pings to looking for debris is fast approaching , said Alan Diehl , a former Air Force accident investigator . "  We 're right on the cusp where we need to go from passive listening to active  looking  with the Bluefin , " he told CNN . That 's because the batteries powering the black boxes ' locator devices are probably already dead , said Mary Schiavo , former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation , who noted that more than four days had elapsed since any pings were detected . "  I 'm surprised that they lasted as long as they did , " she said . The failure of searchers to find any debris linked to the plane has not surprised CNN Aviation Analyst David Soucie , author of "  Why Planes Crash . " The model used for tracking the debris could be incorrect , he said , noting that that was the case when investigators were searching for evidence of Air France Flight 447 , which plunged into the southern Atlantic Ocean in 2009 , killing all 228 people aboard . "  They spent weeks looking for debris in the wrong area , " he said . The lack of debris could also mean that the plane did not break apart on impact , but instead sank largely intact , he said . If that was the case , it could complicate the effort to retrieve the black boxes , since they were stored inside the tail of the plane . Investigators would have to dismantle the tail in order to extract them and whatever secrets they may hold . Lessons from past air disasters Where 's the debris ? How deep is deep ?	Probe of the ocean floor will move from ping locators to sonar The Bluefin-21 is equipped with side-scan sonar And once the debris field is found , investigators would turn to remotely operated vehicles An intact plane could complicate the search effort , CNN analyst says
Big Sur , California  CNN  -- A nearly uncontrollable 550-acre wildfire showed no mercy Tuesday and burned several homes in California 's Big Sur , including the fire chief 's . That twist was n't lost on Fire Chief Martha Karstens of the Big Sur Volunteer Fire Brigade . She oversees firefighters in a coastal wilderness renowned for its raw beauty . "  The irony does n't escape me , and again , I try to set an example for fire clearance , " Karstens told CNN . With severe drought conditions in the chaparral and timberland , the erratic fire was burning nearly uncontrollably , with only 5 % of it contained , authorities said . Are you there ? Stay safe , share your images "  The situation was too much , " Karstens said of the wildfire , whose growth potential was rated "  high " by fire officials . "  I went out to fight a fire . I had my purse , my cell phone and my glasses , and I did n't know I was going to be trying to save my own home , " she said . Firefighters have 36 hours to put out the fire before a weather system brings 30-mph gusts to Big Sur , which could energize and expand the wildfire , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . "  It 's the wind that 's going to get so very bad , " Myers said . "  It 's going to get ugly , and it 's going to get ugly fast . "  This is going to be a big fire if we do n't get it out in the next 36 hours , " he said midday Tuesday . "  It 's going to get tragically bigger . " Residences in the Pfeiffer Ridge community were evacuated . About 500 personnel were fighting the Pfeiffer Fire , which started about midnight Monday , and its cause is still being investigated , officials said . The Pacific Coast Highway , also known as California Highway 1 , remained open in Big Sur , authorities said Tuesday . Almost all of California is in a severe or extreme drought , the National Drought Mitigation Center website says . The Big Sur area is listed as being in a severe drought , and cattlemen such as Dick Nock are struggling with an extreme drought just down the coast . Nock 's rangeland along California 's picturesque central coast usually shimmers in a green grass blanket in December , but not in this dry spell . "  Everywhere you look , it 's just dirt . This is the worst drought I 've ever seen in 80 years , " he said . Nock recently thinned his herd from 400 to 200 cattle to save money . His livestock require expensive hay , he explained . San Luis Obispo and neighboring Santa Barbara counties have been tagged with "  extreme " conditions . For example , the 5,000-acre Lake San Antonio in the San Luis Obispo County coastal mountains has shrunk to 5 % of its capacity , closing boat ramps in October , officials said . Fire officials south of Big Sur are on alert for brush fires there , said Robert Lewin , the Cal Fire Chief for San Luis Obispo County . CNN 's Dan Simon contributed from the Big Sur , and Paul Vercammen contributed from San Luis Obispo County . Michael Martinez wrote from Los Angeles .	NEW : The wildfire burns several houses , including the fire chief 's NEW : "  The irony does n't escape me , " fire chief says NEW : Firefighters have 36 hours before 30-mph winds arrive , CNN 's Chad Myers says The Pfeiffer Fire is virtually untamed , with only 5 % contained
Health.com  -- People with Alzheimer 's disease who continue taking the drug donepezil  Aricept  do get some benefit even as their symptoms worsen , a new study suggests . While the drug is approved for all stages of the memory-robbing disease , many people stop taking it . As a patient 's memory and behavior problems get more severe , it can be hard to tell if the benefit of the treatment outweighs the risk of side effects , such as lack of appetite , weight loss , dizziness , and agitation . In general , Alzheimer 's disease treatment can be a heartbreaking disappointment . The few drugs that are available tend to stop working over time , giving patients and families only a brief reprieve from the disease 's relentless progression . Health.com : 25 signs and symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease In a new study of 295 people with an average age of 77 and moderate-to-severe Alzheimer 's , those taking donepezil saw improvements "  equivalent to around four months ' worth of deterioration in cognition and function , " says lead study author Dr. Robert Howard , professor of old-age psychiatry at King 's College London , U.K. Put another way , those who discontinued donepezil lost "  about a third more cognition over -LSB- one year -RSB- than they would have if they had stuck with it , " says Gary Kennedy , M.D. , director of geriatric psychiatry at Montefiore Medical Center in New York , who was not involved with the study . "  This may not sound like much , but to a patient with Alzheimer 's disease at this point in their illness or their carers , any improvement in cognition or function that supports independence is valuable , " Howard adds . Health.com : 7 ways to protect your memory It 's possible that in some cases , even this much of a benefit could mean the difference between staying at home and going into assisted living . About 5.4 million people in the U.S. have Alzheimer 's disease , according to the Alzheimer 's Association . Donepezil was also more effective than another common Alzheimer 's drug , memantine  Namenda  , in patients with later-stage disease , although memantine still showed some benefit , according to the study published this week in The New England Journal of Medicine . In general , Alzheimer 's drugs are notoriously fickle , working relatively well for some , not as well for others , and not at all for some . "  In some people , drugs are effective for many months or even up to several years . Other people do n't see any benefit . Other people are unable to take them because of side effects , " says Heather M. Snyder , Ph.D. , senior associate director of medical and scientific relations at the Alzheimer 's Association . Health.com : 9 foods that may help save your memory All of the patients included in this study were still living in communities  as opposed to nursing homes  in England and Scotland and all had been taking donepezil for about two to three years by the time they enrolled in the trial . The men and women were randomly assigned to one of four treatment strategies for one year : continue taking donepezil ; stop taking donepezil and start taking an inactive placebo ; substitute memantine for donepezil , or continue taking donepezil and memantine together . People who continued taking donepezil did better on two different scales of cognition and impairment than those taking no medication or those taking memantine alone . There was some evidence in the study that the improvements were actually noticeable to families and others . For example , people who were taking only an inactive placebo were more likely than patients in other groups to drop out of study , suggesting these families had noticed the placebo "  medication " was n't working . Health.com : Computer games that boost your memory "  People -LSB- who discontinued -RSB- donepezil were much more likely to abandon the drug altogether , which implies that families picked up on the subtle effects of the drugs , " notes Kennedy . Taking either memantine or donepezil alone was better than nothing at all , but taking them together offered no additional benefit . Although the combination of donepezil and memantine -- a common strategy in the U.S. , but not the U.K. -- had no added benefit , each drug had "  independent positive effects , " says Howard , who advises patients at this stage of the disease to continue taking both drugs if possible . Memantine , he says , "  has an additional benefit of preventing the emergence of symptoms like agitation , suspiciousness , and aggression . " However , Lon S. Schneider , M.D. , of the University of Southern California Keck School of Medicine , Los Angeles , wrote In an accompanying editorial that "  further study " is needed to determine if memantine should be used in combination with donepezil . Health.com : How to age-proof your memory Donepezil is approved in the U.S. for all stages of Alzheimer 's while memantine is approved for moderate-to-severe Alzheimer 's . Donepezil is one of a class of drugs known as cholinesterase inhibitors while memantine is a glutamate moderator . "  They both have slightly different ways of helping brain cells talk to each other longer , " says Snyder . It 's unclear if the results would apply to other cholinesterase inhibitors such as galantamine  Razadyne  or rivastigmine  Exelon  , the editorial noted . In any event , families , patients and healthcare providers still face difficult decisions in how to treat individual Alzheimer 's patients . Health.com : Need a memory boost ? Try these quick tips "  This study starts to look at some of the questions about decisions that physicians and families are making every day , treating loved ones in moderate to severe , what should be treating with , should they stop treatment , should they continue and if so how long , practical , " says Snyder . "  This underscores our need for more research to fully say what is the right path of treatment and we are desperately in need of more treatments and therapies to help Alzheimer 's patients . " The researchers note that stopping donepezil can cause withdrawal  which can temporarily worsen symptoms  , so the drug should be gradually tapered down before going off it completely . The U.K. Medical Research Council and the Alzheimer 's Society funded the study . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	In general , Alzheimer 's disease treatment can be a heartbreaking disappointment Drug donepezil helps slow deterioration in cognition and function , study shows Researchers note that stopping donepezil can cause withdrawal
CNN  -- An 11th person has died because of injuries sustained in the crash Friday at an air race at Reno , Nevada , an official with the Washoe County Medical Examiner 's Office said Tuesday . No details about this latest victim were released . The official , Michelle Anderson , said there would be a news conference revealing more information late Tuesday . Authorities have so far identified seven people who died from the crash . The list includes the pilot , 74-year-old Jimmy Leeward , who lost control of his vintage plane before it plummeted into a crowd of spectators . He and six others were killed on the tarmac , while four have now died at hospitals . The six others identified are Joseph Wogan , 22 , of Arizona ; George and Wendy Hewitt of Washington state ; Regina Bynum , 53 , of Texas ; Sharon Stewart , 47 , of Nevada ; and Gregory Morcom , 47 , from Washington state . Almost 70 people were injured in the crash . Five patients remained hospitalized Tuesday at Saint Mary 's Regional Medical Center , four in serious condition and one in fair condition , the hospital said in a statement . Investigators with the National Transportation Safety Board announced Sunday that the World War II-era plane was equipped with data and video recording devices that they hope to use to help determine what happened and why . NTSB member Mark Rosekind described the devices , as well as the discovery of information and pieces that may have come from the devices , as "  significant new information . " It was also not entirely expected , given the relatively small size and nature of the P-51 aircraft . "  I 'm not aware of a lot of aircraft having it ; this is the first one I came across , " said Howard Plagens , the NTSB official heading the investigation . Plagens was referring to a "  box " that recorded key variables such as altitude , latitude and oil pressure . In addition , there was an outward-facing video camera on the plane , according to Rosekind . Several memory cards have been found at the wreckage site that may have come from either device and will be sent to the NTSB laboratory in Washington for a full analysis , Rosekind said . They may belong to some of the 200,000 spectators who were at the annual National Championship Air Races and Air Show . Investigators do have a copy of the "  box " data , since it was sent in real time by telemetry to sources outside the aircraft . Besides the cards , Rosekind said , parts of a plane 's tail , an "  elevator trim tab " and video camera fragments have been found . "  There were thousands of pieces of debris , " Plagens said , explaining how the site had been laid out in a grid system to help organize the investigation . As with the memory cards , one of the authorities ' first goals will be to determine whether these came from the plane . Countering earlier reports , Rosekind said Sunday that Leeward did not send a "  Mayday call , " indicating he was in distress . Investigators have repeatedly stated that it is not known why the aircraft nosedived . Some speculation has surrounded the elevator trim tab , which was breaking apart prior to the crash , a photograph shows . Investigators also will pore over "  a tremendous  amount of  video that was captured " at the scene , according to Rosekind . A preliminary report will be available Friday , but Rosekind has said the full investigation could take six to nine months . "  It 's not just what happened , it 's why it happened , " he said Sunday . "  We 're  trying to make sure this does n't happen again . "	NEW : Five people remain hospitalized , four in serious condition Identities of seven of the dead are released The downed plane had video and data recording devices , an NTSB official says It 's unclear why the aircraft crashed , investigators have said
Two firefighters lost their lives responding to a nine-alarm fire at a brick brownstone in Boston 's Back Bay neighborhood Wednesday . More than a dozen other firefighters were injured . "  In 30 years , I 've never seen a fire travel that fast , escalate that quickly , and create such havoc in such a short period of time , " Deputy Fire Chief Joe Finn told reporters . He identified those killed as Lt. Edward Walsh , 43 , and Firefighter Michael Kennedy , 33 . Walsh had worked with the Boston Fire Department for close to 10 yeas , while Kennedy had 6 1/2 years on the job . Walsh was married with three kids , all under the age of 10 . Kennedy was a veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps . "  These two heroes ran into a burning building -- got people out of the building , " said Boston Mayor Martin Walsh . "  We lost two heroes here today . " According to Finn , firefighters were able to rescue a number of people stuck on upper floors . He said Walsh and Kennedy became trapped soon after entering the building . They were both later located in the basement , where the fire appears to have started . Fueled by strong winds , flames quickly engulfed the four-story building . At one point , there was an explosion and a number of firefighters were blown down stairs , Finn said . "  That fire ... was blowing like a blowtorch out the front , from the rear to the front , " the deputy fire chief added . In addition to those killed , 13 firefighters were injured . Some suffered burns , others broken bones . On its Twitter page , Boston Emergency Medical Services said that it had transported 18 patients to area hospitals from the Beacon Street blaze . The area is west of downtown Boston , near the Charles River . Video showed smoke rising over the city . More than 150 firefighters and between 20 and 30 trucks responded to the incident , according to Boston Fire Department spokesman Steve MacDonald . The cause of the blaze was not immediately clear . It 's under investigation . Mark Bristol , an eyewitness , told CNN affiliate WCVB , that he saw people climbing down the building 's fire escape . "  I watched it go from pretty small to really , really big -- like there was just smoke absolutely pouring out the front entrance , " Bristol said . 2 firefighters killed in Ohio blaze Opinion : When heroes face down fire -- and fate	Those killed are identified as Lt. Edward Walsh and Firefighter Michael Kennedy "  We lost two heroes here today , " says Boston mayor More than a dozen other firefighters are hurt Blaze appears to have begun in the basement of a brownstone
Paris  CNN  -- Newly appointed Finance Minister Pierre Moscovici said Thursday that France would not ratify a European pact on budget discipline if it does not include measures to boost growth . Moscovici said an "  ambitious " strategy for growth was needed , in an interview with CNN affiliate BFM-TV . The fiscal pact was signed by most European leaders late last year , and Germany , the economic powerhouse of the region , has said it is not up for renegotiation . Moscovici said French President Francois Hollande , sworn into office two days ago , was well aware of the gravity of the crisis facing Europe . But the new Socialist government would stick to the campaign promises made by Hollande , he said , including his pledge to incorporate a "  growth dimension " into the fiscal compact . Holding its first Cabinet meeting Thursday , the government agreed to scrutinize public spending and review all Cabinet ministers ' wages , spokeswoman Najat Vallaud-Belkacem said . "  The government is aware of the difficulties we face , in particular in terms of our public accounts , " she told reporters after the meeting at the Elysee Palace . Prime Minister Jean Marc-Ayrault has asked the French Court of Auditors for a report "  on the state of our public accounts , " she said . The Cabinet also agreed on a salary cut of 30 % for ministers and the president , in line with a campaign promise by Hollande , Vallaud-Belkacem said . The salary reduction would be retroactive to May 15 , after the law is passed by the National Assembly in June , she said . The cut means the gross salary of the prime minister and president will drop from 21,300 euros to 14,910 euros  $ 18,970  a month , a government statement said . A minister will earn a gross wage of 9,940 euros  $ 12,650  a month , rather than the current 14,200 euros . Hollande stressed the need for the government to be efficient and to set a good example in its own practices , the statement said . The 17 men and 17 women who make up the government posed for a "  family photograph " before getting down to business , BFM-TV reported . Speaking earlier as he took over as finance minister from Francois Baroin , Moscovici said the government 's focus would be on the Greek crisis , the consolidation of the eurozone and a reorientation of European efforts in favor of growth . He added that he is a "  committed European . " "  We are conscious that we can do nothing alone . We must work together with all our partners , and above all with Germany and the European institutions , " Moscovici said . Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius also stressed his commitment to Europe on BFM-TV . "  I feel deeply European , but we need a different Europe , a Europe that is much more concentrated on employment , " he said . The pact , championed by German Chancellor Angela Merkel and former French President Nicolas Sarkozy , is designed to increase fiscal discipline and prevent a future crisis by ensuring that governments respect deficit rules and do not overspend . Hollande 's first trip as president , made hours after his inauguration Tuesday , was to Berlin , where he met with Merkel to discuss the economy . "  I said that my wish is that growth is not an empty phrase , that it is something which , in reality , is happening , " Hollande told reporters at a joint news conference with Merkel after the talks . "  Because , without growth , we ca n't do whatever we want , we wo n't reach the goals which we want to -- and to reduce the debt and deficit . " He said the best solution would be to "  put everything on the table " on May 23 , when the region 's leaders plan to meet next . Speaking earlier this month , Merkel said that she was in favor of growth but that it must be sustainable , rather than programs made on the back of more debt . Increased competitiveness is the key to sustainable growth , she said . Voters in France and Greece , where political turmoil continues after an election failed to produce a government , are the latest in Europe to express their unhappiness about the policy of austerity . As Greek politicians set a new election date Wednesday , Merkel said she regretted the suffering of the Greek people in the face of harsh government budget cuts . "  It 's very bitter , obviously , " she said of the austerity measures that have left some Greeks struggling to pay for food or utilities . But , she said , "  Sacrifices had to be made . ... I think these are necessary measures that had to be taken . " Merkel , a champion of forcing governments to balance their budgets in order to promote stable economic growth in Europe , did offer possible assistance to Greece . "  Europe needs to show solidarity and help , particularly with growth , unemployment and development , " she said . CNN 's Alexander Felton , Laura Perez Maestro , Laura Smith-Spark and Rachel Ramsay contributed to this report .	NEW : Hollande and his ministers agree on a 30 % pay cut , as promised in campaigning Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault asks for a report on the state of French public finances New Finance Minister Pierre Moscovici says an ambitious strategy for growth is needed Hollande 's new government stresses its commitment to its European partners
CNN  -- What was the best moment of Willow Brugh 's weekend ? "  Someone stood up on a chair  and  asked if anyone had Arduino skills , " she said , in reference to the programming platform . "  And someone jogged over to them with a huge grin on their face . The joy of sharing . " It was n't a traditional weekend , of course . Brugh was one of the planners of the Seattle Random Hacks of Kindness event , one of about a dozen such "  hackathons " held last weekend around the world . About 1,500 self-proclaimed hackers and technology enthusiasts attended . It was a weekend of synthesis brought about by what Toronto organizer Heather Leson called "  brains colliding . " The RHoK events bring together disaster relief and climate change organizations and a variety of programmers and developers to see if they can generate new solutions to old problems -- in the space of a single weekend . The Random Hacks of Kindness umbrella organization was founded in 2009 by Google , Yahoo! , the World Bank , NASA , and Microsoft . This weekend was its third international event , and saw teams competing locally in places as far-flung as Bangalore , India and Buenos Aires , Argentina . World Bank Digital Strategist and RHoK Nairobi organizer Will Pate was proud to point out that almost every single person at RHoK Nairobi stayed the whole 36 hours , eating and sleeping at the hackathon , to get their projects done . "  What was really exciting was seeing a group of young people who are very talented just dive right in and be so dedicated that they stayed overnight . " You might not think even the smartest computer wizards could build much in just a day or two . But you 'd be wrong . RHoK events often end with fully functional products . And the products they create are as diverse as the teams that made them . In Sao Paolo , Brazil , the main focus was on tools relating to flooding and landslides . Organizer and World Bank Disaster Risk Consultant Aires Zulian Nunes da Conceicao said the top prize-winning hacks there both dealt with new , inexpensive ways to track and understand rainfall and to educate Brazilians about disaster risk . At the end of the conference , a new kind of synthesis was already occurring . "  We had nine problems with solutions in Sao Paolo , and after the event , the groups were coordinating a collaboration , putting all those solutions together into one package of software , " he said . "  Hacks to identify risks , in the event to find survivors and use social media to connect them , and then to fix things and manage costs post-event . " In Nairobi , the RHoK weekend started out with a presentation about challenges faced by the Kenya Red Cross . One new solution would help the Red Cross manage volunteers , from their names and skills to keeping track of the hours they 've worked so they do n't overexert themselves . Another focused on HIV/AIDS and people taking anti-retroviral drugs . These people are of particular concern in disaster situations because they have to take their medication at precise intervals . A new RHoK application could help coordinate efforts to prevent an interruption of that schedule . Interestingly , two versions of the same hack won the Atlanta , Georgia , and Toronto , Canada , RHoK events . MessageCarrier will take messages from people isolated in a disaster and keep them until it finds a data connection . Atlanta participant Blake Byrnes explains how this works : "  A relief worker goes into a devastated area where cell towers are wiped out and allows people to input messages into their phone . Once they return to an area that has connectivity , it will send all the messages for those people . Kind of like collecting letter mail for people . " One Seattle team designed a "  Tethered Tower , " a fire - and weather-monitoring sensor that can be mounted on buildings in urban areas or float on weather balloons for emergencies . Willow Brugh says Tethered Tower hack was her favorite "  because it was hardware hacking at a type of event which is usually software only . " The Tethered Tower could also be used as an emergency Wi-Fi hotspot in case of the general loss of Internet connectivity . Although the stated mission of RHoK # 3 addressed disaster and climate issues , not all of the solutions presented followed this guideline . Four different hacks attempted to connect food providers  like caterers with leftover lasagna  with local food banks to avoid waste . A Philadelphia team developed an already-functional application to allow local shoppers to find retailers participating in the federal Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program . One Seattle team created an application to educate individuals about environmental hazards . It would combine a variety of data sources and tell its user about the water and air quality , among other factors , in their specific current location , and also identify the specific legislator who should be contacted with complaints . In a true nod to geekdom , its current name is "  Eco-Tricorder . " Some of the solutions at RHoK herald a new direction for the organization . This weekend , RHoK announced that it will broaden its mission statement to include all challenges of global development , including water issues . Elizabeth Sabet of Second Muse , RHoK 's global operational lead , explained by e-mail : "  The first will be the WaterHackathon in October , where hackers are going to take on the world 's single largest cause of illness : lack of safe water and inadequate sanitation . " So hackers , fire up your engines . But those who might not label themselves hackers are welcome too . Everybody has a useful skill , according to Will Pate : "  Anyone who 's got any skill , RHoK is not closed to you . It 's a way to figure out how you can use what you 've got to serve development . "	One dozen Random Hacks of Kindness events held around the world Events bring together disaster relief/climate change organizations and programmers/developers RHoK events end with fully functional , diverse products
CNN  -- Walk into a room on the 17th floor of Copenhagen 's Bella Sky Hotel and you 'll be greeted by soft rose and burgundy toned colors , fresh flowers , fruit smoothies , fashion magazines , and a bathroom stocked with exclusive products , including day and night moisturizers . This might not sound all that appealing to Joe in accounting -- but that 's okay because he 'll never make it past the locked glass entrance to the floor . This is the Bella Donna -- Europe 's first hotel floor dedicated entirely to women -- and according to the hotel 's CEO Arne Bang Mikkelsen , it is designed by women , for women . See also : How to have more Sheryl Sandbergs "  Men 's and women 's preferences are very different . When men come into a hotel room , the first thing they do is check the view , turn on the TV , plug in their computer , and check out the minibar . Women on the other hand go straight for the bathroom . Does it smell nice ? Is it clean ? Does it have a nice bathtub and shower ? " To get it right , the hotel asked a number of women what they wanted , and added to their list of priorities things like cleanliness , a nice bathroom , high-powered hairdryers , steam irons , cosmetic mirrors , healthy options on the room service menus , and full-body mirrors . Judy Brownell , professor and dean of students at the School of Hotel Administration at Cornell University , says the hotel is onto something . According to her research , women 's hotel preferences are very different than men 's with key priorities being to feel safe , comfortable , empowered , and valued . "  The problem is that in many cases , no action has been taken to meet women 's needs , " she says . See also : Women ! Embrace your inner geek Michelle Williams , event coordinator with Ernst & Young and guest at the Bella Donna floor agrees . "  Unlike other hotels , it seemed like someone actually thought about what women wanted . And there are so many women in my type of role traveling around the globe -- hotels need to wake up to that a bit . " It seems they are -- helped along by the boom in female business travelers . Global numbers are hard to come by but research cited in Brownell 's Cornell University report shows women accounting for nearly half of all business travelers in the U.S. in 2010 , up from approximately 25 % in 1991 -- and less than 5 % just 40 years ago . Places like the Naumi Hotel in Singapore , the Premier Hotel in New York , The London Dukes Hotel and the Georgian Court Hotel in Canadian Vancouver , seem to be realizing the potential in catering for women . See also : How girl geeks can get the best tech jobs The Georgian Court Hotels says their Orchid Floor -- with its special offerings for women such as magazines , curling irons , nylon stockings , bath salts and yoga mats -- has been so successful they 're considering adding a second floor . At the London Dukes Hotel , management says bookings to their "  Duchess Rooms " -- which are standard rooms with fresh flowers , fruit , styling accessories , and other extras added -- have surged 25 % over the past year . But not everyone thinks this will last -- or that it 's a good idea . "  A lot of hotels will jump along on this fad -- and prove me wrong -- but I think it 's a flash in the pan , " says Marybeth Bond , National Geographic Author and founder of gutsytraveler.com . She sees it as little more then an advertising gimmick . "  I have seen the hotel industry cater subtly to women without being patronizing , for example by putting shower caps and nail files in the room , and adding a room service menu expanded beyond hamburger and fries to include a big salad . Why not have standard rooms and extras being offered at the front desk ? We 've lived through fighting for our equal rights and this is making us unequal . " Sanne Udsen , author and consultant on women 's issues and careers , participated in the Bella Sky survey and sees no problem in targeting women as a segment . "  A lot of hotel services are geared towards men , " she says . "  If you want to sell three-wheelers you target them at two-year-olds , " she says . But Bond is not the only one who sees a problem . Denmark 's gender equality board has ruled the women-only floor in Bella Sky Hotel discriminatory and illegal , following a complaint by a man . The hotel has been ordered to close the floor , but Mikkelsen refuses , saying he is prepared to take the case to court . "  It 's no different then women having their own cycling club . Should I be allowed to be part of that ? " Discrimination and disagreements aside , the bottom line , says Judy Brownell , is that women will likely reward hotels that are "  listening " to their preferences . "  This comment may stir controversy but that 's okay . My personal guess , having focused on this subject for several years : Men see the beer and nuts and go , "  Wow , food ! This is great ! " Women see the smoothies and fruit and go , "  I love this place -- they were thinking about my preferences . " But she adds , "  It 's important for hoteliers to recognized that separate floors are just one way to address the situation . "	Copenhagen 's Bella Sky Hotel was the first in Europe to dedicate a floor entirely to women Special touches in the rooms include fresh flowers , day and night moisturizers , and powerful hairdryers Hotels globally are adding women-only floors to cater to boom in female business travel
Capt. Francesco Schettino abandoned the cruise liner Costa Concordia after it wrecked in 2012 while hundreds were still on board , according to testimony and recorded phone calls played in a court in Grosetto , Italy , on Monday . Gregorio Di Falco of the Livorno Port Authority , the man who repeatedly ordered Schettino to get back on board , told the court he initiated rescue efforts on his own after distressed passengers called police . He did n't wait for a distress signal from Schettino , whose information was inconsistent , he said . In phone calls played in court , Schettino said from a life boat that only a dozen people were still on board the ship , when the coast guard had reported hundreds . Schettino later adjusted his numbers saying it was indeed 200 to 300 . Schettino faces charges of manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship with passengers still on board . He denies wrongdoing . The cruise liner capsized after it struck rocks off Italy 's Giglio Island in the Tyrrhenian Sea in January 2012 , killing 32 of the 4,200 people on board . Schettino 's trial is expected to continue for several weeks . Captain did n't fall , but jumped into lifeboat Accident witnesses testify Costa Concordia human remains believed to be found	Captain of Costa Concordia abandoned ship with hundreds still on board , according to testimony , evidence Information from Captain Schettino was unreliable and hindered rescue efforts , witness says Schettino faces manslaughter charges as 32 people died in the 2012 shipwreck
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- A strike by Italian truck drivers that has caused shortages of food , fuel and medicine across the country has ended -- at least for now . A spokesman for Italy 's government told CNN the strike was called off after a Wednesday meeting between government and labor leaders in which the government made an offer to settle truckers ' grievances . "  We can report that in the coming hours the country can return to complete normalcy , " Enrico Letta , undersecretary for Prime Minister Romano Prodi , said in announcing the end of the strike . "  It was a difficult and complicated negotiation . " Representatives for labor unions represented in the strike , however , said the strike has merely been suspended . They said union leaders wanted to talk to members before accepting what was described as a "  take it or leave it " offer from the government . Truckers are demanding more money to compensate for rising fuel prices , which in Italy is mostly a result of taxes . Truck drivers had defied a government order Wednesday to halt what they had said would be a five-day strike . Organizers of the strike , which began early Monday morning , said participation was massive , with 99 percent of trucking companies taking part . The strike was scheduled to last until midnight Friday . Already gas stations have been closed for lack of fuel , and supermarkets -- mostly those in large cities -- have shortages of produce and dairy goods . Trucks carrying fuel and medicines for hospitals and pharmacies have been let through , but pharmacists warned there could be shortages of medicine in the long run . Italy 's Transport Ministry demanded the strikers return to work Wednesday because of "  damages to the community , " but the truck drivers said they would continue striking . Pasquale Russo , head of Conftrasporto , the nation 's largest association of trucking companies , said some unions agreed to the government 's terms -- which have not yet been disclosed -- while others did not . He said some truckers remained unhappy Wednesday with the government 's offer and had not returned to work . Some 150,000 trucking companies are taking part in the strike , leaving 600,000 trucks idle , according to Conftrasporto . The government released no figures . Highways are essential to Italian commerce , accounting for the transport of 84 percent of its goods . Conftrasporto calculated that if the strike were to continue for the full five days , the Italian economy would suffer damages of 2.5 billion euros  $ 3.7 billion  . But the labor association defended the action by pointing out it would still supply hospitals , pharmacies , and emergency services . "  Of course we are sorry that we are creating some hardship , but if we do n't do it this way , no one will take us seriously , " said striking truck driver Massimiliano Antonini . International trucking routes are affected as well . British driver Brian Briggs , stuck since Tuesday , needed to deliver art to northern Italy and then head back to London . "  The company will lose money because they have to pay me for sitting here , doing nothing , " Briggs said . The protest has mostly been peaceful , though police reported a few arrests of striking drivers beating those who refused to participate . E-mail to a friend CNN Producer Flavia Taggiasco and Correspondent Alessio Vinci contributed to this report .	Government says Italian truckers ' strike is over Unions say strike suspended while an offer is considered Truckers want more money to compensate for rising gas prices Strike closed some gas stations ; some supermarkets running short of supplies
CNN  -- NFL teams have unanimously endorsed a new personal conduct policy for all NFL employees after discussions that included experts on domestic violence and sexual assault , the league announced Wednesday . The new measures include a more extensive list of prohibited conduct , independent investigative procedures , and specific criteria on paid leave for an individual charged with a violent crime . It also includes a six-game suspension for crimes involving violent conduct , including domestic violence and sexual assault , which Commissioner Roger Goodell had written about in an August memo to owners . The suspension could be longer if there are "  possible mitigating or aggravating circumstances . " Goodell called the enhanced policy "  significantly more robust , thorough and formal . " It applies to all NFL personnel , not just players . George Atallah , a spokesman for the NFL Players Association , said the union has not seen the new policy . "  There will be a lot of analysis about the differences in our formal proposal and what the NFL will present today on personal conduct policy , " he tweeted before the league 's announcement . "  Sadly , those discussions will be through the media , not through formal negotiations , which the NFL has said they 're not interested in . " In a statement on its website , the players ' union said it was never offered the professional courtesy of seeing the new policy before it was announced publicly . The National Organization for Women said the NFL is missing a vital aspect in its policy . "  The victim is an afterthought in this ` new ' policy -- as she was in the old policy , " NOW President Terry O'Neill said in a written statement . "  There is no guarantee that economic support will be there for as long as it takes for a victim to get back on her feet , and no indication that the NFL even understands that a six-game unpaid suspension could spark even higher level of violence . " A new conduct committee will include Cardinals owner Michael Bidwell , Falcons owner Arthur Blank , Chiefs owner Clark Hunt , Bears owner George McCaskey and Texans owner Robert McNair . Other members are Dee Haslam , the wife of Browns owner Jimmy Haslam ; Cowboys Executive Vice President Charlotte Jones Anderson and two former players who hold ownership stakes -- Warrick Dunn and John Stallworth . Their job will be to review the policy at least once a year .	NEW : NOW denounces policy , says it excludes provisions for taking care of the victims NFL teams endorsed the enhanced policy unanimously New measures include a more extensive list of prohibited conduct The players ' union says it has not seen the policy
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova returned to competitive singles after a near 10-month absence on Monday as she bids to prove her fitness for the forthcoming French Open in Paris . Maria Sharapova is hoping to prove her fitness ahead of the French Open in Paris starting on Sunday . The Russian defeated Italy 's Tathiana Garbin 6-1 6-7 6-3 to book her place in the second round of the Warsaw Open claycourt tournament Sharapova 's world ranking has slumped from No. 1 to No. 126 during her absence from the court because of a shoulder problem that saw her miss three Grand Slam tournaments . The 22-year-old had to sit out last year 's Wimbledon and U.S. Open and also failed to recover in time for the 2009 Australian Open . She has had to shelve comeback attempts but did appear in one losing game in the doubles tournament at Indian Wells in March . Sharapova , who has three majors to her name , broke her Italian opponent four times in a row in the opener , dropping her own serve once en route to the set . Garbin offered stiffer resistance in the second set although Sharapova wasted four match points at 5-3 and 40-0 up in the ninth game -- a seventh double-fault in the subsequent tie-break giving her rival a set point that she converted . Sharapova , playing with a bandage on her right shoulder , hit back from 3-1 down in the decider to seal victory in two hours and 35 minutes . The French Open begins in Paris on May 24 .	Russian Maria Sharapova returns with win after near 10-month injury absence She defeated Italy 's Tathiana Garbin 6-1 6-7 6-3 in Warsaw Open first round Sharapova hopes to prove fitness for French Open which starts this Sunday
CNN Student News  -- November 12 , 2014 International and interplanetary are two words that describe today 's show ! We 're traveling from China , where the APEC summit is taking place , to West Africa , where one nation is seeing some progress against Ebola . We 're featuring a random fact about the 13th state , and we 're setting our sights on a comet , where European scientists are hoping to land a spacecraft for the first time . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In most households , photo albums sit on shelves or in drawers for years on end collecting dust . Jonas Cuarón , son of Mexican director Alfonso Cuarón , with his girlfriend , Eireann Harper , who starred in "  Año Uña . " Jonás Cuarón has put his own to much better use -- the 25-year-old son of Mexican director Alfonso Cuarón has turned his collection of family photographs into a feature film . During the making of "  Año Uña , " Cuarón walked around , camera in hand for a period of twelve months , randomly capturing scenes from his personal life . At the end of the year he and his girlfriend Eireann Harper mounted thousands of these images in a room and wrote a fictional story to accompany them . The final product is a most unusual film -- a montage of stills , brought to life through a mixture of dialogue , narration and sound effects . The story is that of an impossible love relationship between a 24-year-old American girl  Harper  and a Mexican teenager played by Jonás ' half-brother , Diego Cataño . "  A common thing I hear from people who have seen the movie , is that the first five minutes they 're very worried that they 'll have to sit through eighty minutes of photographs , " Cuarón explained to CNN , "  But then by minute seven they forget they 're watching stills and become engaged with the characters . " Watch Jonás Cuarón talking about "  Ano Uno . " Amongst those engrossed by "  Año Uña " are some of contemporary Mexican cinema 's most iconic figures . The likes of Alejandro González Iñárritu and Gael García Bernal have championed the film for its originality . While Jonás ' family ties have undoubtedly been of much use in promoting "  Año Uña " amongst the great and good of Mexican cinema , his father 's influence on the film itself is minimal . Although Alfonso is credited as its producer , the renowned director knew nothing of the project during its production . "  Jonás showed me the final film and I said ` Yikes ! Look at that . You made a film . Show it to people you trust like Alejandro González Iñárritu , Guillermo del Toro , just for feedback . ' That was as far as the consultancy went , " Alfonso Cuarón told CNN . Father and son worked together previously on "  The Shock Doctrine , " a political short film released on YouTube . Unlike "  Año Uña , " the project involved a more traditional form of collaboration between Jonás as director Alfonso as producer . When asked about their working relationship , Alfonso 's response is filled with enthusiasm : "  Usually one of us throws an idea and the other catches it and throws it back . It 's telepathic in a way , we learn a lot from each other . "  Something that really fascinates me , not only about Jonás , but his entire generation , is how they work with their formats . " Indeed , Jonás ' ambition to break with the conventions of filmmaking is in line with a trend emerging amongst young filmmakers not only in Mexico , but across the world . According to Jonás this willingness to experiment is rooted in technological advances : " -LSB- In the past -RSB- filmmakers had really complicated screenplays and they would wait for grants and finance support . "  Now since video is not as expensive , people are starting to go out and film reality without a script , and then out of that reality , editing it and finding the story as they go . " In order to give such creative talent more exposure , the Cuaróns recently launched a competition -- the ` Año Uña ' Short Film Competition -- that challenges young filmmakers to step in Jonas ' footsteps . Aspiring writers and directors are encouraged to submit an "  Año Uña " - like short film made entirely from photographic stills . The winning submission will be screened at the premiere of "  Año Uña " later this month . In addition to promoting his own film , Jonás is convinced that the contest will create opportunities for his peers : "  I 'm thrilled that this short film competition will open doors for filmmakers to play with new languages and demonstrate that the creative process of filmmaking can be more accessible than is often assumed . " Despite Jonás ' position at the helm of this innovative community , he says would like to try using more traditional methods on his next film project . "  Well , next time I would like to start with a screenplay and shoot 24 frames per second , " he says with a smile , "  I do n't think that you necessarily need to go as far as using still images to find new languages in film . " Jonás may be laying the family photo album aside but the family legacy looks set to thrive regardless . With not one , but three Cuaróns  Alfronso 's brother Carlos is also a filmmaker  mixing up the cinematic landscape , filmmaking may well be in for a make-over . Entries for the ` Año Uña ' Short Film Competitionclose on November 19th "  Año Uña "  is released in the UK on November 28th	Jonás Cuarón 's debut feature , "  Año Uña " is a montage of photographic stills Jonás is the son of Mexican New Wave director , Alfonso Cuarón Father and son have launched a short film competition for young filmmakers
CNN  -- Canada 's Transportation Safety Board has determined "  the braking force applied was insufficient to hold " an unmanned train that became a runaway and crashed into the town of Lac-Megantic this month , killing 38 people , the agency said Friday . "  The ongoing investigation has determined that the braking force applied was insufficient to hold the train on the 1.2 % descending slope between Nantes and Lac-MÃ © gantic , " the board said . The unmanned 73-car train had been parked in the neighboring Quebec town of Nantes on July 6 but it suddenly rolled into motion after the engineer went to a hotel . The train slammed into the center of Lac-Megantic , and tank cars full of oil exploded and burned in the heart of the commercial district . The rail company contends the train 's engineer failed to set the brakes properly , but the engineer said he reported to managers that he set 11 hand brakes on the train cars before they broke away from their engines .	Canadian agency determines brake force was "  insufficient " on train Unmanned train crashed into town of Lac-Megantic this month Train incident killed 38 people
White House officials have pressured insurance industry executives to keep quiet amid mounting criticism over Obamacare 's rollout , insurance industry sources told CNN . Sebelius : ' I apologize , I 'm accountable ' for Obamacare website flaws After insurance officials publicly criticized the implementation , White House staffers contacted insurers to express their displeasure , industry insiders said . Multiple sources declined to speak publicly about the push back because they fear retribution . But Bob Laszewski , who heads a consulting firm for big insurance companies , did talk on the record . "  The White House is exerting massive pressure on the industry , including the trade associations , to keep quiet , " he said . Laszewski , who 's been a vocal critic of Obamacare , said he 's been asked by insurance executives to speak out because they feel defenseless against an administration that is regulating their business -- and a big customer . Government-backed plans accounted for about half of health care policies last year , a number that is expected to grow over the years . White House spokesman Jay Carney said the idea that administration officials are trying to silence insurance industry insiders is "  preposterous and inaccurate . " He added that Laszewski has been a vocal critic of health care reform for two decades . "  Plus , it ignores the fact that every day insurance companies are out talking about the law -- in large part because they are trying to reach millions of new customers who will now have new affordable insurance options available from providers through the new Market Places , " Carney said . Obama and his top advisers have acknowledged problems with the health care website . On Wednesday , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius was the latest administration official to apologize for the bungled rollout . Yet she and other officials continue to argue that once they are fully up and running , the insurance exchanges will benefit Americans . But Obama also has been accused of breaking his promise that people who like their current plans can keep them . Insurers have begun discontinuing policies that do n't meet Obamacare 's beefed up coverage requirements . Laszewski said insurance company officials are embarrassed that they have to cancel plans and force people into more robust , and possibly more expensive , coverage . Keep your plan ? Maybe not Insurers , he said , warned the White House that the regulations would lead to discontinued policies . "  One of the things I think is clear here is the Obama administration has no trust in anything the health insurance industry is telling them about how to run a health plan , " Laszewski said . 5 things we learned from Tuesday 's Obamacare hearing	Insurance company executives say they got calls from White House after speaking out A trade group leader says the Obama administration "  is exerting massive pressure " A White House spokesman calls the accusation "  preposterous and inaccurate "
CNN  -- Fierce political rhetoric in Venezuela took a sharp turn Wednesday with a warning from Vice President Nicolas Maduro , who told throngs of supporters that opponents were plotting to murder him . "  We are denouncing this because we have strong evidence , " Maduro said at a large rally marking the 1958 fall of Venezuela 's dictatorship . "  So do n't get surprised with the actions we will take in the next few hours and the next few days . " It 's unclear what actions he was referring to , but the Venezuelan vice president said he was committed to cracking down on "  criminals who have infiltrated the country " that allegedly plan to kill him and Diosdado Cabello , the head of Venezuela 's National Assembly . Maduro 's comments came as Venezuela 's opposition was also rallying in Caracas on a day that has important political significance in the South American country , the anniversary of the end of Marcos Perez Jimenez 's dictatorship . President Hugo Chavez has spoken at past January 23 events , but the Venezuelan leader remains in Cuba and has not made any public appearances for more than six weeks since he underwent cancer surgery there . His long absence has fueled growing speculation about his health and political future . Chavez ally : Ailing president undergoing physical therapy Political opponents have questioned who is running Venezuela while Chavez is gone . Venezuela 's government has offered conflicting assessments of the situation but maintained that Chavez is in charge . On Tuesday , Venezuela 's information minister said that Chavez was making encouraging progress , but there was no date planned for his return to Caracas . Maduro told the crowd Wednesday that Chavez was "  pressing on uphill " as he recovers from cancer surgery in Havana , Cuba . A large picture of the president hung behind Venezuelan leaders on a stage at Wednesday 's rally . Maduro said he would head to Cuba to visit Chavez later in the day . In an incendiary speech , he called for the use of an iron fist . "  He who makes a mistake has to go to prison . He who violates the constitution and the peace of this country has to go to prison . And do n't you come back crying after the fact and claiming to be political prisoners , " Maduro said . "  Iron fist against the conspiracy of the right . Iron fist of all the people , the government and the powers . " Venezuelan army backs Chavez amid uncertainty He accused infiltrators of a conspiracy to pit him and Cabello against each other . "  They 've orchestrated a macabre and criminal plot with the purpose of killing us , something they wo n't be able to achieve , " he said . "  Their plan is to kill one of us and then blame the other for it . That 's what they 're planning to do . " Political rhetoric in Venezuela is often intense . On the campaign trail last year , it was not uncommon for Chavez to sprinkle speeches with insults aimed at his political rival , opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski . Before masses of supporters and in state television interviews broadcast nationwide , Chavez described Capriles as a "  dirty swine " and a "  fly " who was not worth chasing . He called him a "  little Yankee " and assailed him as a member of the bourgeoisie . During Chavez 's absence in recent weeks , government officials have repeatedly accused political opponents of trying to destabilize the country with a campaign of rumors about the president 's health .	Venezuelan vice president : "  Do n't get surprised by the actions we will take " Nicolas Maduro says he has evidence that "  infiltrators " are plotting to kill him His comments come on the anniversary of the end of a dictatorship in Venezuela Venezuela 's opposition also staged a rally Wednesday in Caracas
CNN  -- Businesses in parts of Pakistan 's most populous city shut down Thursday , amid uncertainty and tension tied to the recent arrest , by London police , of the leader of one of the country 's most powerful regional parties . Video from CNN affiliate Geo TV showed shops that had closed or were in the process of closing in Nazimabad , Liaquatabad and other parts of Karachi . "  There are elements that are forcing people to shut down their shops and businesses , " local trade society president Tajir Ittehad Ateeq Mir told reporters . Such shutdowns have been connected to the arrest in London of Altaf Hussain , head of Pakistan 's Mutahida Qaumi Movement , on Tuesday morning . Metropolitan Police said they arrested a 60-year-old man , who they did not name , at a home in northwest London on suspicion of money laundering . But officials in Pakistan subsequently identified him as Hussain . Members of the Mutahida Qaumi Movement , which is known as MQM , have staged protests , including sit-ins , since that arrest . But party officials insist they have nothing to do with shutting down businesses , accusing others of manipulating the situation . "  The MQM Central Coordination Committee has strongly condemned the miscreant elements who are involved in closing down businesses and aerial firing in some areas of Karachi and Hyderabad , " the party said in a press release . "  It seems that some elements want to deteriorate the situation deliberately so that MQM can be blamed . " The party appealed for people to go about their business as usual and remain peaceful , with senior leader Haider Abbas Rizvi telling reporters that Hussain himself has related that he does n't want supporters to take the law into their own hands . MQM is the fourth-largest party in Pakistan 's parliament , holding 25 out of 446 seats , though it is a greater force in Sindh province , including Karachi . It is led by Hussain from his base in the United Kingdom , where he sought asylum in 1991 because of an attempt on his life , his party has previously said . Hussain -- who had been ill and was preparing to leave his home to get checked at a hospital when he was arrested , according to MQM Senior Deputy Gov. Nadeem Nusrat -- was still in a hospital Thursday under police watch . Pakistan 's High Commissioner to the UK Imran Mirza has visited Hussain at the hospital and given him documentation -- including a Pakistani passport -- so that he and other Pakistani officials could continue to have access to him , said Pakistani Information Minister Pervez Rasheed . Some protests called by MQM after Hussain 's arrest turned violent , something that the party condemned . Thursday saw more bloodshed in Karachi . A bomb placed on a motorcycle exploded outside of a mosque , killing one person and injuring five others , according to Ahmed Chinoy , the chief of the citizen 's police liaison committee told CNN . There is no indication whether that attack had anything to do with MQM or Hussain 's arrest . More arrests made in stoning death of pregnant Pakistani woman CNN 's Saima Mohsin contributed to this report .	Trade officials says "  elements ... are forcing people to shut down their businesses " This comes days after the arrest of Mutahida Qaumi Movement leader Altaf Hussain Hussain 's party condemns the shutdowns and "  aerial firing " in Karachi , Hyderabad Hussain is in a hospital in London , where he was arrested ; a Pakistani official visits him
Augusta , Georgia  CNN  -- I 'm a Masters rookie . My assignment here this week as part of CNN 's coverage team marks the first time I 've been to the tournament or Augusta National Golf Club . I do n't know what I really expected when I got this assignment , but it sure was n't what I found . Augusta is Orlando . That 's what keeps going through my mind . Orlando for golf freaks . Florida in Georgia . Golf World , anyone ? Arriving off Interstate 20 onto International Drive -- I mean Washington Road , which leads to Augusta National -- the first thing to catch my eye was the ticket brokers , some with just tents , others with tents set up outside their motorhomes . The only thing that seemed to be missing was the mandatory 90-minute timeshare presentation , but maybe that was being offered somewhere . Along the road , the restaurants and bars are jammed , and hawkers try to push traffic inside -- even the person dressed up as a Subway sandwich . Traffic is Orlando-like , too . It inches along and genteel Southern hospitality does n't extend to the road . It can take forever for someone to let you make a turn across traffic . The entrance to Augusta could really be any Orlando theme park . In the mornings , the multiple lines are long as people get their passes checked and check in any bags . No backpacks in Augusta National . That means you have to get stuff inside . Disney perfected this , to great profit . Augusta National has it nailed too , but at least they do n't nail you with the prices . Four dollars for a sandwich , chips and a Coke is nothing to complain about . Like Orlando 's theme parks , they will get your last dollar at the souvenir stand -- they call it the golf shop at Augusta National -- and a Masters 2012 cap will set you back $ 24 and a polo shirt $ 65 . But the lines are long and the patrons are leaving with large , clear plastic bags jammed with goods bearing the Masters logo . Before souvenirs though , should come the show , which is , of course , world class . These are the world 's best golfers . But like the Shamu show at Sea World , the place is always jammed -- and when you think about it , the whale does n't really do all that many tricks considering the time you waited . It was kind of like that watching the star of the Masters , Tiger Woods , on Thursday . I followed him on his back nine , about two and a half hours ' worth of show . Woods hit 37 shots during that time . Of course , though I was there on each hole , I did n't see them all . The crowds were just massive , and I 'm not tall enough to see over many folks . I did get within 20 yards of Woods twice , kind of in his splash zone , you could say . On the 18th hole , his tee shot did go directly over my head and get stuck under a bush . At Sea World , I would have needed the rainsuit . Another theme park show moment happened Wednesday when Woods , Mark O'Meara and Sean O'Hair came to play the 16th during their practice round . It 's tradition on the hole that during practice rounds , after taking their tee shot on the par-3 , players try to get balls onto the green by skipping them across the pond between the tee and the green . Most do it alone , I 'm thinking magicians during Disney World 's Main Street parade . But Woods , O'Meara and O'Hair lined up across the pond 's edge and hit their skip balls in unison . It was like when the dolphins all do the same leap at the same time at Sea World . It did elicit the same kind of "  that 's cool " laugh from the crowd . But , in the end , golf 's royalty saved this from being just like a trip to Orlando for me . During Wednesday 's Par 3 tournament , I got to see Gary Player , Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer play two holes together . I had goosebumps  chicken skin , for some of you  and moist eyes . Player and Palmer each even made birdies . There is nothing , absolutely nothing , in Orlando that could compare to that . Call my rookie Masters a success .	"  Augusta is Orlando for golf freaks , " says Masters first-timer No timeshare presentations , but it could be any theme park in Florida The top-class players on show have more tricks than killer whales at Sea World Seeing three of golf 's greatest legends tops off a perfect pilgrimage
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel is potentially just a week away from becoming only the third Formula One driver to win four consecutive world titles , but outside of the German 's continued dominance the big talking point of Sunday 's Korean Grand Prix was another ugly tire issue . For the second time this year , F1 's official supplier Pirelli has been forced to explain a potentially dangerous blowout during a race . Several incidents at June 's British Grand Prix forced the Italian company to strengthen its compounds amid threats of a driver strike if safety was not improved , and the issue has come to light again after Sergio Perez had to wrestle for control of his McLaren after the right-front tire fell to bits . "  I 'd done 21 laps with that set , when , all of a sudden , the front-right just exploded , destroying the front win , " said the Mexican , who also suffered blowouts at Silverstone in practice and during the race . "  It was lucky , because there were n't any other cars around me . " Pirelli motorsport director Paul Hembery defended the tires . "  It was a big flat spot that put a huge hole right the way through the tread . There 's not a lot we can do about that one , " said Hembery , whose firm will again be F1 's sole supplier next year . "  It was a big lockup and he just burned this huge hole which lost air , and when tires do that , all sorts of things can happen . So we 've absolutely no fears going forward . " Red Bull 's Mark Webber , however , voiced his disapproval . "  The drivers are n't super important , it is what other people want , " said the 37-year-old , whose race was ended when his car burst into flames after being hit by the Force India of Adrian Sutil . "  The tyres are wearing a lot and they also explode a bit , but that is for Pirelli to sort out , " the Australian added . "  Pirelli will also put the puncture of Perez down to a lockup , but the reason the drivers are locking up is because there is no tread left . " Vettel was able to clinch his fourth successive race victory , avoiding the chaos and tense battles going on behind him despite twice being held up when the safety car was brought out after the Perez and Webber incidents . He led from pole position to notch up the 34th win of his career as he closes in on the 41 of Ayrton Senna , who is third on the all-time list . "  This track , it 's known that the limit is the front-right  tire  . We saw it the previous years , and basically it 's good to have the team on the radio warning you -- because obviously you see what 's going on , the tire grains immediately and then kind of stabilizes , " said Vettel , who now has a 77-point lead over Fernando Alonso . "  But when it stops graining basically there 's nothing left and that 's quite dangerous because it 's quite likely to have a big lockup . You have a flat spot , which could end with pitting the stint earlier than you want or having a tire puncture . "  So yeah , they were quite worried , similar to last year . I thought I had it more or less in control but obviously it 's good to communicate . " The German will join Juan Manuel Fangio and Michael Schumacher in the history books if he wins next weekend 's Japanese Grand Prix and Alonso is no higher than ninth . The Spaniard finished sixth in Yeongam after tangling with Felipe Massa near the start -- while Alonso lost a place , his Ferrari teammate was left at the back of the field before battling back to claim ninth ahead of Perez . Vettel 's main threats ended up being the Lotus duo Kimi Raikkonen and Romain Grosjean , who claimed second and third . Sauber 's Nico Hulkenberg provided much of the day 's entertainment with an impressive drive to take fourth place ahead of Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton , another driver to complain about the tires after losing 16 seconds in the space of just six laps . "  After the second safety car , we lost out in traction to the Sauber , " said Hamilton , who dropped to fourth overall below Raikkonen . "  It was a nice battle with Fernando at the end , but it 's hard to take when it 's only for P5 or P6 . It was just not a good race for us , but we have the chance to bounce back in Suzuka . " The 2008 world champion 's teammate Nico Rosberg was seventh ahead of McLaren 's Jenson Button , putting Mercedes a point behind second-placed Ferrari in the constructors ' standings -- which Red Bull leads by 118 points . "  Vettel is a very long way off in terms of points , and we can not expect miracles between now and the end of the championship , " said Alonso , who had also criticized the tires following Saturday 's qualifying . "  Second place in the constructors ' championship is probably a more realistic target , but one thing is certain , we are not giving up now and we will give it our best shot right to the very end . " Vettel has won for the last three years in Korea and the previous race on the calendar , Singapore . He now heads to a Suzuka circuit where he has triumphed three of the last four times . "  The car is working ... it 's on the edge , to be honest , more so than you would probably think from the outside , but it 's obviously nice when you get the results like Singapore or this weekend , " he said . "  I look forward to Japan because it 's one of the nicest tracks of the whole season . It 's the best track in the world , with the fans completely crazy in a positive way . "  They 're big fans of motorsport , very passionate , so I 'm very much looking forward to one of the highlights of the season . "	Pirelli defends its tires after Sergio Perez suffers dangerous blowout in Korea Supplier dismisses safety concerns despite criticism from drivers Sebatian Vettel wins fourth successive race to close in on fourth world title German can potentially clinch championship in Japan next Sunday
Istanbul  CNN  -- The European Union avoided a rupture of relations with Turkey by agreeing to open a new round of membership negotiations with the Turkish government . But the date for the next round of talks on the nation joining the EU will be determined only after publication of an annual progress report on Turkey . The decision was reached after several long rounds of talks last weekend between the foreign ministers of Germany and Turkey . Germany had threatened to block Turkish membership negotiations after more than three weeks of riots in Turkey during which riot police repeatedly attacked anti-government demonstrators with tear gas and pepper spray . The development comes amid daily tensions . Turkish police detained at least 20 people in Ankara on Tuesday . Turkey 's semiofficial Anatolian Agency reported they were accused of being members of a terrorist organization , attacking police and destroying public property . Turkey 's foreign minister welcomed Tuesday 's decision by the EU . "  I hope we will not go through such a crisis again , " Ahmet Davutoglu said in remarks to journalists in Ankara . "  The Turkey-EU train will move to reach its target in the quickest way . " "  Compromise  is a  good decision in difficult times , " the German Embassy in Ankara said on Twitter , citing German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle . Turkey has been pursuing membership in the European Union for more than half a century . But while Turkey 's top diplomat was embracing international rapprochement with Europe , the Turkish prime minister was delivering a speech warning of a shadowy foreign conspiracy aimed at toppling him from power . Speaking before members of his political party in the Turkish parliament , Recep Tayyip Erdogan repeated his claims that the protests against him were being organized by the same "  center " that he alleged organized recent riots in Brazil . "  There are many similarities between what is going on in Brazil and here , " he said . " ... The button that was pushed to activate the riots in both countries was pushed from the same center . " Erdogan vowed to prosecute hotels that sheltered protesters during clashes with police . He also criticized a female journalist from the British Broadcasting Corporation 's Turkish service , who became the target of an online smear campaign by the mayor of Ankara last Sunday . Ibrahim Melih Gokcek , an elected mayor from Erdogan 's Justice and Development Party , launched a hashtag campaign on Twitter accusing the BBC 's Selin Girit of being a British spy . The BBC issued a statement on Monday expressing concern about what it described as Turkish government threats against a BBC employee . Monday night , U.S. president Barack Obama held a telephone call with Erdogan , a close Middle Eastern ally who received a warm reception during a visit to the White House last month . The two leaders discussed providing additional support to rebels battling the government in neighboring Syria . According to a White House statement , Erdogan and Obama also discussed "  the importance of nonviolence and of the rights to free expression and assembly and a free press . " Family of slain protester ` devastated ' Meanwhile , the family of Ethem Sarisuluk , a protester who died in a hospital after being shot by a police officer earlier this month in Ankara , said they were "  devastated " after a court released the suspected shooter on Monday . The court ruled the police officer shot Sarisuluk while firing in self-defense , Anatolian Agency reported . "  My family thought justice would be shown in this case , and now especially my mother is devastated , " said Sarisuluk 's brother , Mustafa , in a phone call with CNN . "  The government controls law and justice and blesses the murderous police department , " he added . Amateur video of what is believed to be the shooting incident on June 1 shows a helmeted police officer nearly surrounded by stone-throwing protesters . In the video , which has gone viral across Turkish social networking sites , the police officer lunges forward , kicking a demonstrator while being pelted with stones . Immediately afterward , he pulls out his pistol and fire three rapid shots in the air , at which point Sarisuluk , one of the masked demonstrators involved in the clash , drops to the ground . According to Anatolian Agency , the court ruled that "  the suspect 's action of firing into the air may fall within the limits of self-defense . " Sarisuluk , two other demonstrators and a police officer are among at least four people killed during the wave of anti-government protests over the past month . Earlier this month , the European Parliament adopted a resolution criticizing the Turkish government for "  the disproportionate and excessive use of force by Turkish police to break up peaceful and legitimate protests . " On Monday , several hundred demonstrators organized a protest march in Istanbul upon receiving news of the release of the suspected shooter of Sarisuluk . Protesters also organized a Twitter campaign repeating the message , "  My name is Ethem Sarisuluk . I was unarmed . Police shot me in the head and I died . They set my murderer free . " The unprecedented violence in Turkey began after riot police repeatedly attacked a group of demonstrators who were protesting against the demolition of a small park in Istanbul . Prime Minister Erdogan had announced plans to replace the park with a shopping mall . After police launched a predawn raid on the sit-in on May 31 using tear gas and water cannons , demonstrators began fighting back . The violence rapidly escalated and spread to other Turkish cities , as protesters began building barricades , hurling stones , and eventually throwing fireworks and gas bombs at police . The clashes blossomed into the largest civil disobedience movement Turkey has seen in a generation . Demonstrators have lashed out against what they describe as the increasingly dictatorial policies of Erdogan . Erdogan first swept to power after his party won national elections more than a decade ago .	The government 's harsh reaction to protests has raised concerns among EU nations Police detain at least 20 in Ankara Turkey 's prime minister warns of a shadowy foreign conspiracy aimed at toppling him Family of slain protester "  devastated " over release of shooter
ACCRA , Ghana  CNN  -- President Bush sought Wednesday to dispel rumors that the U.S. plans to bring "  all kinds of military to Africa , " saying that is "  simply not true . " President Bush shakes hands with Ghanian President John Kufuor in Accra , Ghana , on Wednesday . He said the United States has no plans to add new bases in Africa but may open an office somewhere on the continent as part of its plans for Africom , a new U.S. military command that will focus on Africa . The president did not elaborate on the size of such an office but took pains to say it would not be a military base in the traditional sense . "  The purpose of this is not to add military bases , " Bush said . "  I know there 's rumors in Ghana -- ` all Bush is coming to do is try to convince you to put a big military base here . ' That 's baloney . Or as we say in Texas , that 's bull . " Watch what gifts Bush brought to Ghana " The president of Ghana , John Kufuor , said he welcomed Bush 's comments . "  I am happy for the president 's dispelling any notion that the United States of America is intending to build military bases on the continent of Africa , " he said . The U.S. military divides the world into regions and has a "  command " for each region . The U.S. Central Command , for example , focuses on U.S. military concerns and activities in much of the Middle East and South Asia , while the U.S. Southern Command focuses on Latin America . The new command established last year , Africom , will be based in Stuttgart , Germany "  for the foreseeable future , " the U.S. military says . "  Now , that does n't mean we wo n't develop some kind of office somewhere in Africa . We have n't made our minds up , " Bush said Wednesday . "  I want to dispel the notion that all of a sudden America is , you know , bringing all kinds of military to Africa . It 's just simply not true . " About 1,800 U.S. troops are stationed in Djibouti , a country in the Horn of Africa , as part of the U.S. fight against Islamic extremists . Bush said Africom will "  provide military assistance to African nations so African nations are more capable of dealing with Africa 's conflicts , like peacekeeping training . " "  The whole purpose of Africom is to help leaders deal with Africa 's problems , " he said in a joint news conference with Kufuor . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ed Henry and Tim McCaughan contributed to this report .	Bush says U.S. has no plans for military bases in Africa Office in Africa is possible as part of new Africom command in U.S. military , he says Africom , established last year , focuses on Africa but is based in Germany Ghanaian president welcomes Bush comments on base rumors
EW.com  -- Spidey will cast his net across millions of TV screens during Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade , but that 's not where Thursday 's televisual treats end . Whether you 're a certified dude , a lady with a taste for the finer things , a procedural junkie , a spy fan , or someone who understands "  There 's always money in the banana stand , " we present a list of the all that 's worth watching this Turkey Day . Fun for the Whole Family While you 're slaving over your bird bright and early , give the kids a taste of what could await them if they do n't toe the line with the Style Network 's "  Supernanny " marathon  6 a.m.-6 p.m.  Kids will also love back-to-back "  Tom & Jerry " episodes on Cartoon Network  9 a.m.-7 p.m.  , and teens will be occupied by MTV 's double header of "  Friendzone "  9 a.m.-1 p.m.  and "  Ridiculousness "  3-7 p.m.  . Dudesgiving There 's a plethora of guy-friendly fare on all day . Early risers can flip between A&E 's "  The First 48 " marathon  8 a.m.-4 a.m. Friday  and History 's 12-hour block of "  Ice Road Truckers : Deadliest Roads "  8 a.m.-8 p.m.  . Outdoorsy types can catch up with "  Hillbilly Handfishin ' " on Animal Planet  9 a.m.-5 p.m.  , and weapons buffs have a choice between Discovery 's two-series gun spectacular  "  American Guns " from 9 a.m.-1 p.m. and "  Sons of Guns " from 1 p.m.-6 :30 p.m.  or G4â $ ² s "  Bomb Patrol "  1-11 p.m.  . For those with a truly unquenchable blood lust , Spike TV is kicking off the day at 10 a.m. with a "  Steven Seagal marathon " spearheaded by the martial arts master 's 1994 eco-actioner "  On Deadly Ground . " Ladies ' Choice Where better to go to appreciate your own dysfunctional family than WE tv ? The lady net is airing episodes of "  Braxton Family Values " from 10 a.m.-1 a.m. Friday . Past noon , the time will be right to bust our your diamonds  and perhaps even your claws  with Bravo 's "  Real Housewives of Beverly Hills "  noon-6 p.m.  , not to mention pop open the champagne with Patsy and Edina of "  Absolutely Fabulous " on LOGO  1-7 p.m.  . Come nightfall , BET is catching you up with its newest original offering , "  Reed Between the Lines " starting at 6 p.m. Get Your Procedural On For those who ca n't get enough of procedurals , TNT is airing "  Bones " all day starting at 10 a.m. , followed by a "  CSI : NY " marathon at 8 p.m. USA has "  NCIS " fans covered  10 a.m.-8 p.m.  and Oxygen is taking the night shift with a "  Law & Order : Criminal Intent " block from 7 p.m.-midnight . Eating With Your Eyes We have no idea how you could possibly be hungry , but in case you are , choose between TLC 's "  Cake Boss " and "  Cake Boss : Next Great Baker "  6 a.m.-8 :30 p.m.  , Nadia G 's "  Bitchin ' Kitchen " on the Cooking Channel  2-8 p.m.  , and OWN 's "  Welcome To Sweetie Pie 's "  5-11 p.m. The Geek Tube Whether you geek out over music , space  the final frontier  , or Buster Bluth , there 's a choice for you . VH1 i showing "  Pop Up Video " back-to-back from 12:30 -2:30 p.m. , and Fuse is airing its MC series "  Beef " from 6 a.m.-5 p.m. Over on BBC America , spend the day with Captain Picard on "  Star Trek : The Next Generation "  8 a.m.-5 a.m. Friday  . Perhaps most thankful of all , fans can eagerly anticipate the 2013 return of "  Arrested Development " with 12 hours of the show on IFC  6 a.m.-6 :30 p.m.  . Just Like Old Times The end of the year always lends itself to a bit of nostalgia , so why not embrace the remembrance of things past with some old classics ? Syfy presents its annual "  James Bond Marathon "  8 a.m.-5 :30 a.m. Friday  , spanning 44 years from 1964â $ ² s "  Goldfinger " to 2008â $ ² s "  Quantum of Solace . " Over on AMC , catch the first two "  Godfather " movies  it 's best to forget about that third one anyway  from 11:30 a.m.-8 p.m. And if you 're looking for a little bit lighter fare , look no further than Don Knotts . TV Land will show back-to-back episodes of "  The Andy Griffith Show "  8 a.m.-6 :48 p.m.  . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Outdoorsy types can catch up with "  Hillbilly Handfishin ' " on Animal Planet BET is catching you up with its newest original offering , "  Reed Between the Lines " TNT is airing "  Bones " all day starting at 10 a.m. , followed by a "  CSI : NY " marathon Fans can enjoy 12 hours of "  Arrested Development " reruns over on IFC
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Katherine Jackson 's sadness over the loss of her son is constant nearly two years after Michael Jackson 's sudden death from an overdose of a surgical anesthetic . "  There 's not a day that passes I do n't think about my child and he should be here right now , " Jackson said in a CNN interview at her home Tuesday . "  But it was negligence of a doctor and it 's just hard , really hard . " Dr. Conrad Murray , who was Michael Jackson 's personal doctor , is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the singer 's death . His trial has been postponed until September . Murray 's lawyers suggest a frustrated and sleepless Jackson may have poured the surgical anesthetic propofol mixed with lidocaine into his juice bottle while the doctor was out of his bedroom . To help her cope with the sadness , Katherine Jackson recently moved into a spacious new mansion on a hilltop above Calabasas , California , away from the Encino home where the Jackson family lived since 1969 . Katherine Jackson loves the higher ceilings and larger windows , but it 's also a refuge from sad reminders that haunt the old home . "  Michael was 11 years old when we moved there and he stayed there until he was well into his 20s before he moved , " she said . "  It just brings back a lot of memories , but they 're sad memories to me now because he 's not here . " Visitors to the ground floor see artwork collected by Michael Jackson , but they wo n't see his photographs . The three children left behind by the pop icon treasure images of their father , but his mother avoids them . What you do see are the flowers that Katherine Jackson surrounds herself with , a passion she recently turned into a business . She launched the Katherine Jackson line of floral arrangements this month , just in time for fans to send them to their moms this Mother 's Day . But since she 's a Jehovah 's Witness , Katherine Jackson does not observe holidays . Wednesday is her 81st birthday , but there will be no celebration in her home . The youngest of Michael 's children , 9-year-old Blanket , has his own way of remembering his father . His long brown hair grows longer , reaching halfway down his back . "  He does n't want to cut it , so I 've talked to him about it , " his grandmother said . "  He likes it long because his father wanted him to have long hair at the time , but there will be a day that he 'll have to cut it , I think . " Blanket studies at home with a tutor , while Prince , 14 , and Paris , 13 , attend classes at a private school . "  They 're doing very well , " she said . "  They 're going to school everyday . " The children are shielded from news about the criminal case against the doctor accused of causing their father 's death . The trial has been delayed until September , but when it does start , they wo n't see their grandmother around the house during weekdays . Katherine Jackson will be sitting in court . "  I plan to be there everyday , " she said . "  If I 'm able , I will be there . " She 'll be there listening as the doctor who conducted the autopsy describes again , as she heard in last January 's preliminary hearing , how Jackson 's liver was placed in a blender so he could measure the chemicals in his organs . "  Worse comes to worse , I 'll just step out , " she said . "  I heard they 're going to show some autopsy shots , and I do n't want to see that . So , I 'll leave and , you know , sit out in the hall or somewhere until it 's over and then I 'll come back in . But I just feel that I have to be there . " Katherine Jackson , although she 'd rather avoid sadness , proved her strength six years ago when she sat in court for five months as her son was tried and acquitted on child molestation charges . "  Yes , I was there every day , " she said . "  I wanted to be there for him , because I knew it was lies . I prayed for the truth to come , because I knew if the truth came out that my son would walk away and he did . " Some online media reports have suggested Katherine Jackson 's health is failing , but she laughs about the speculation . The limp you might notice in her walk is not from old age , but it a remnant of a childhood battle with polio . She stays active with her new floral venture and decorating her new home . "  I 'm still here and I 'm blessed and I thank God , " she said .	"  Not a day that passes I do n't think about my child , " Katherine Jackson says She moved from the home where Michael lived to escape "  sad memories " Blanket lets his hair grow long to honor his father , she says Jackson 's mother will step out of court when autopsy photos are shown
CNN  -- Investigators have arrested a suspect from Russia in connection with a fire that killed 156 people in a nightclub in Russia in 2009 , the Spanish National Police said Thursday . Authorities in Spain arrested Konstantin Mrykhin , who was the commercial director of a nightclub in Perm , Russia where fireworks triggered a fire and panic on Dec. 5 , 2009 , the police said in a statement . Mrykhin has been wanted in Russia , where police say he ignored safety measures in organizing the fireworks display that caused the fire , the statement said . Mrykhin fled Russia to Barcelona , Spain to evade a charge of involuntary manslaughter , police said .	Man arrested over Russian nightclub fire in 2009 156 people killed when fireworks triggered a fire and panic Konstantin Mrykhin had been wanted in Russia over the blaze
The Justice Department will no longer pursue mandatory minimum sentences for certain low-level , nonviolent drug offenders , Attorney General Eric Holder said Monday , noting the nation is "  coldly efficient in jailing criminals , " but that it "  can not prosecute or incarcerate " its way to becoming safer . "  Too many Americans go to too many prisons for far too long , and for no truly good law enforcement reason , " Holder told the American Bar Association 's House of Delegates in San Francisco . He questioned some assumptions about the criminal justice system 's approach to the "  war on drugs , " saying that excessive incarceration has been an "  ineffective and unsustainable " part of it . Although he said the United States should not abandon being tough on crime , Holder embraced steps to address "  shameful " racial disparities in sentencing , the budgetary strains of overpopulated prisons and policies for incarceration that punish and rehabilitate , "  not merely to warehouse and forget . " Holder invoked President Barack Obama , saying the two had been talking about the issues and agreed to try to "  strike a balance " that clears the way for a "  pragmatic " and "  commonsense " solutions to enhance public safety and the "  public good . " The centerpiece of Holder 's plan is to scale back prosecution for certain drug offenders -- those with no ties to large-scale organizations , gangs or cartels . He said they would no longer be charged with offenses that "  impose draconian mandatory minimum sentences . " They now "  will be charged with offenses for which the accompanying sentences are better suited to their individual conduct , rather than excessive prison terms more appropriate for violent criminals or drug kingpins . " The changes are effective immediately . Lessening the use of mandatory minimums -- sentences that require a "  one-size-fits-all " punishment for those convicted of federal and state crimes -- could mark the end of the tough-on-crime era that began with strict anti-drug laws in the 1970s and accelerated with mandatory minimum prison sentences and so-called three-strikes laws . Opinion : Shame of mandatory minimums shows in Marissa Alexander case The attorney general linked the effort to rethink mandatory minimum sentencing for drug crimes to key issues . Racial disparities Holder said "  unwarranted disparities are far too common " in the criminal justice system , reminding his audience that Obama alluded to some of the issues in remarks he made after the acquittal of George Zimmerman in the death of Trayvon Martin last month , giving voice to African-American concerns that "  there is a history of racial disparities in the application of our criminal laws -- everything from the death penalty to enforcement of our drug laws . " Holder said the nation "  must confront the reality " that once "  people of color " are in the criminal justice system , they "  often face harsher punishments than their peers . " He called it "  unacceptable , " "  shameful " and "  unworthy " of the U.S. legal tradition . Prison overcrowding Holder said the U.S. prison population has grown by almost 800 % since 1980 , and federal prisons are operating at nearly 40 % above capacity . "  Even though this country comprises just 5 % of the world 's population , we incarcerate almost a quarter of the world 's prisoners . More than 219,000 federal inmates are currently behind bars , " he said , noting that almost half are serving time for drug-related crimes and have substance abuse problems . Moreover , he said 9 million to 10 million more people cycle through America 's local jails each year . And roughly 40 % of former federal prisoners -- and more than 60 % of former state prisoners -- are rearrested or have their supervision revoked within three years after their release . It was not immediately clear Monday whether Holder 's announcement would have any impact on people already in prison . Economic , social burden Holder said overcrowding at the federal , state and local levels is "  both ineffective and unsustainable . " He said it imposes a significant economic burden -- totaling $ 80 billion in 2010 alone -- and it comes with "  human and moral costs that are impossible to calculate . " Legislation to lessen the use of mandatory minimums , Holder said , would ultimately save the United States billions . Holder going after Texas voting law Although Obama administration officials say the changes they are pursuing will not require congressional approval , some unlikely pairs of lawmakers have united to push for criminal justice changes . Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont and Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky have worked together to allow judges to depart from mandatory minimum sentences when circumstances merit . Democratic Sen. Richard Durbin of Illinois and Republican Sen. Mike Lee of Utah have undertaken similar efforts . Holder blasts ` stand your ground ' In recent years , there has been a rise in support among conservatives for reforms to the criminal justice system . While more flexible approaches to crimes have long held support among liberal Democrats , the fear of being tarred as weak on crime by Republican opponents has long caused moderate Democrats , particularly those running for president , to avoid the issue . In addition to changes to mandatory minimums , Holder called for expanding the use of "  compassionate release " from jail for those who "  pose no threat to the public . " He also said the Justice Department is taking steps to identify practices for enhancing the use of drug treatment and community service programs as alternatives to jail . Holder also said he has asked federal prosecutors to develop new guidelines for determining when federal charges should be filed and when they should not . "  I 've also issued guidance to ensure that every case we bring serves a substantial federal interest and complements the work of our law enforcement partners , " he said . Holder additionally directed prosecutors to create comprehensive anti-violence strategies for badly afflicted areas . Holder not afraid to take on race debate The American Civil Liberties Union praised Holder 's approach Monday , calling it an important step toward ending federal prison overcrowding and creating a "  fairer criminal justice system . " Laura Murphy , director of the ACLU 's Washington legislative office , said in a news release , however , that although Holder 's announcement "  is an important first step , " Congress also must act to change laws that "  lock up hundreds of thousands of Americans unfairly and unnecessarily . " Michael Mukasey , a former judge and an attorney general under President George W. Bush , said he is not a fan of mandatory minimums , but he does not support what Holder is doing . "  I generally agree with the goal of getting rid of mandatory minimums , " said Mukasey . "  But the way to do that is to pass a law , " he said in an interview on CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . "	Holder announces action for "  certain low-level , nonviolent drug offenders " Offenders must not have ties "  to large-scale organizations , gangs or cartels " Holder hopes the rising cost of incarceration in the United States will begin to shrink The effort has diverse support , including GOP Sen. Rand Paul , Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy
CNN  -- If you woke up this morning , looked at Twitter and wondered , "  Who the hell is Alex from Target ? " you 're not alone . If you 've been awake for a couple hours and are still wondering why #AlexFromTarget is trending ... Please do n't ask us to explain the Internet . According to Urban Dictionary , Alex from Target is "  a hardcore pimp who recently gained fame as an Instagram sensation for reasons beyond the comprehension of any sane person . " For the record , we do n't think Alex is actually a pimp . He seems to be a nice kid who works at Target who became famous after Twitter user @brooklynjreiff posted a photo of him in his uniform on October 26 . It was re-posted several times over the next few days , and then suddenly , as these things go , the Internet was hooked . There 's now an Alex from Target Tumblr . And many pieces of disturbing fan fiction . Several people have noted Alex from Target 's resemblance to Jake from State Farm  which , by the way , was a very popular Halloween costume this year  . The real Alex from Target , at least according to his Twitter bio , is Twitter user @acl163 . If the sweatshirt in his profile photo is any indication , he 's from Texas . And that 's about all we know about him . We 'd love to know what his girlfriend -- or his mom , for that matter -- thinks of all this .  If you 're reading this , contact me @jdwilson2 . We imagine the executives at Target are already dreaming up ways to cash in on this little meme . But if they know anything about the teenage attention span , they know they have to work fast . Let 's get back to work , shall we ?	#AlexfromTarget became a trending topic after a photo was posted on Instagram He appears to be a young man from Texas The Internet had fun with the #AlexfromTarget trend
CNN  Heidi Snow and Michel Breistroff were planning a future together . Breistroff , a Harvard graduate , was a professional hockey player with a promising career . Snow worked for a hedge fund in New York City . On July 17 , 1996 , their lives changed forever . Breistroff boarded TWA Flight 800 bound for his native France on his way to Germany to play professional hockey . "  He called me , and he told me he was getting on the plane . And he asked me to marry him on the phone before he got on the plane , " Snow told CNN the next day . Twelve minutes after takeoff from JFK Airport , the plane exploded in midair off the coast of Long Island . Two hundred thirty passengers were on board . No one survived . "  After we said our final ' I love yous ' ... about two hours later , my mom called , " Snow recalled recently . "  She said , ` Please tell me that Michel did n't go to Paris tonight . ' " Snow immediately turned on the TV . "  I just remember fire and really dark water . And at that point , my life stood still , " she said . "  He was strong , he was young , and he definitely swam to shore . And I held on to that hope . And then the next morning it became a recovery mission . " About five weeks later , Snow 's greatest fear was confirmed when Breistroff 's remains were recovered from the bottom of the ocean . "  One of the hardest things for me was just going home , " she said . "  Everybody is resuming life as normal but I had a huge hole in my heart , and I had a future planned with somebody and that was gone . " Snow looked for a support group in New York City but could n't find one . She spoke with Mayor Rudy Giuliani , and he suggested she attend a meeting with families from Pan Am Flight 103 , which had exploded over Lockerbie , Scotland , eight years earlier . "  When I walked in the room , it was the first time I did n't have to apologize for my tears . They did n't have to say a word . They got it , " she said . Snow met a woman who lost her fiancé on the Pan Am flight . "  She would meet with me and talk with me , " Snow said . "  She is really how I got through it . " From there , Snow began pairing up mothers to mothers , siblings to siblings , spouses to spouses -- Pan Am families with TWA families . A few months later , ACCESS was born . ACCESS , short for AirCraft Casualty Emotional Support Services , is a nonprofit bereavement support program for people who have lost loved ones in aviation disasters . "  We have 250 grief mentors from air disasters dating back to 1958 -- private , military and commercial air disasters , " Snow said . "  This gives people an opportunity to share what they went through with somebody else and also provide hope for them . " Most of the trained grief mentors have called in for help in the past , Snow said . Rachel Courtney is one of them . Courtney lost her father , James Courtney , along with his legal assistant in a private plane crash in 1998 . "  For a period of three weeks , we were searching for him in the woods , " Courtney said . "  The first night I was home , we were all in a small airport ... I thought he 's probably cold and in the woods and that nobody 's helping him . And I was completely panicked . " A year later , Courtney was still grappling with the loss . "  I realized that the world was moving on but in a lot of respects , I was n't , " she said . "  Heidi ended up pairing me up with another woman who was a mentor , who had lost her father in an aircraft disaster . " Courtney 's experience inspired her to help others . "  To me , it was ' I got through this , ' " she said . "  I wanted to be there to help other people see that there is a light at the end of the tunnel . " When planes go down , like AirAsia Flight 8501 , which left 162 people dead in December , Snow and her team of grief mentors stand by ready to help . "  Every time we have the opportunity to speak about ACCESS on the news ... We get calls for help from people who have lost loved ones who did n't know we were there , " she said . Snow appeared on several CNN shows after the AirAsia crash . "  Every time these incidents occur we are walking with them , we remember , we are grieving with them , " Snow told Michaela Pereira on CNN 's "  New Day . " In addition to providing one-on-one support , the organization shares information with airlines and organizations to help them offer more effective emotional support after these types of losses . Snow also wrote the book "  Surviving Sudden Loss : Stories from those who have lived it " as another tool families could use to deal with their grief . "  This is a lifelong journey . ... I feel so blessed that I 've been given the opportunity to be with these incredible people who come forward and volunteer their time , " Snow said . "  They really look at life differently because they start to realize how precious it is and how life can change in an instant . "	Heidi Snow lost her fiance when TWA Flight 800 exploded in 1996 Snow started ACCESS to help others who have lost loved ones in plane crashes Snow wants to make sure "  no one ever has to go through their loss alone "
Real Simple  -- Here are some tips for keeping your plants healthy , plus suggested flowers and plants for container gardens . 1 . Choose the pots Make certain there are one or more holes in the bottom of your container to allow water to flow out freely . Insufficient drainage can cause roots to drown , and the plant to die prematurely . Almost anything can be used as a container for plants , so what type of pot you choose depends upon your style preference and budget . If you prefer lightweight containers , which are easy to move around and can weather winter temperatures , look for resin , fiberglass , and plastic . Added bonus : These materials are not porous , so they absorb less moisture than unglazed clay or wood -- leaving more for the plant . 2 . Choose the potting mix Do not use soil from the yard or garden . It can be filled with weed seeds , insects , and fungal diseases . Buy potting soil at your local garden center . It is a loose and light mixture of materials like peat moss , vermiculite , and , often , decomposed organic matter . If you are planting succulents or cacti , use a mix especially formulated for them . To reduce plant maintenance , buy potting mix containing a time-release fertilizer and moisture-retaining polymer crystals . If that type of mix is not available , buy a time-release fertilizer  such as Cockadoodle Doo  and a jar of water-retaining crystals  like Soil Moist  and follow the package directions for adding to the potting mix . 3 . Choose the plants Make "  Right plant , right place " your motto . You must take into consideration the conditions of your space . Do n't try to grow a flower like a rose -- which requires six hours of full sun -- on a porch that gets only an hour in the early morning . Do your homework  read books and plant tags  , ask for advice at the garden center , and determine which plants will thrive in the available sun or shade . When deciding what to buy , the simplest approach is to use one kind of plant per pot . If you choose to combine multiple types of plants , make sure they all like the same light and moisture conditions . Do n't put a cactus and a pansy together in one pot and expect them to get along . 4 . Prepare the pots If your containers are large , place them where they 'll ultimately go before filling them . Once they are full and watered , they may be too heavy to move . Put a basket-type coffee filter or a shard of broken pot over the hole  s  in the bottom of the empty pot . This will prevent the potting mix from washing out but will still allow water to escape . Before pouring in the soil , check its moisture content . Read directions on the bag for wetting it properly . Generally , you need to add water a little at a time and knead the mixture with your hands . A good rule of thumb is to wet the mix until it feels like a damp sponge . Fill the container with the soil . Put in enough potting mix so the base of the plant  where the stem sprouts from the soil 's surface  is about 1 inch from the top of the pot  to help visually estimate , position your plant while it 's still in its nursery container  . Before planting , pat down the soil lightly with your fingers to eliminate any big air pockets . Do n't pack it down too hard . 5 . Pot the plant Remove the plant from its nursery container .  It 's a good practice to water plants in their original containers at least an hour before transplanting . This will ease their removal and diminish transplant shock .  Support the top of the "  root ball "  the semisolid mass of soil and roots  by placing a finger on each side of the stem ; then tip the pot and let the plant fall gently into your hand . Never pull a plant out by its stem . If it is stuck , tap the sides of the pot to loosen it . If the roots are circling around and around , the plant is "  root-bound . " Gently tease the ends of the roots free before planting . Set the plant on top of the mix . If you are potting more than one plant , leave at least an inch or so around each root ball so you can add mix in between them . Carefully fill in with small handfuls of soil . Pat gently to eliminate air pockets . Do not pile soil on top of the plant -- make sure the stem is completely above the surface . Leave about an inch between the soil surface and the rim of the pot . Water the container . This will settle the roots into their new home . If the soil level drops below the top of the root ball , add additional mix to bring it back up . Watering If you plant in the spring and the weather is mild , you can probably get away with watering about once a week . As the summer continues , plants need more water . Not only is the warm weather evaporating the moisture before the plant can use it , the plants need more water as they grow larger . Hanging plants and small pots may need watering twice a day  best times are morning and evening  ; once a day is enough for large pots . Water your plants until the water comes out of the drainage holes . That way you know the soil is getting moisture all the way to the bottom . Water the soil , not the leaves and flowers . Wetting the foliage can lead to fungal diseases and sometimes scorched spots on leaves . Do n't worry if plants and flowers look wilted in the hottest time of the day . As long as the top of the soil is moist , you probably do n't need to water . Wilting is a self-protective mechanism to prevent too much moisture loss from the root area . Wait and see if the plants perk up after the sun goes down . Do n't let pots sit in water ; this can cause root rot and death . If you are using saucers , empty them after you water and after it rains . Feeding Plants growing in containers need more fertilizing than those in the ground . The more you water , the more quickly you flush the nutrients out of the soil . It 's good to use a time-release fertilizer when planting  see Step 2 on the previous page  , but it 's the bare minimum . If you want really healthy and happy plants , feed them a liquid or water-soluble fertilizer every couple of weeks according to package directions . Deadheading Pinching or cutting off faded blooms , known as deadheading , is essential . It encourages a plant to keep producing more flowers . Some plants have so many tiny flowers and stems , it would be too time-consuming to snip or pick off individual flower heads . For those types , it 's best to shear the whole plant back to about one-third of its size . It will look "  whacked " for about a week , but you will soon be rewarded with a flush of new buds and blooms . Some flowering plants are "  self-cleaning , " meaning they do n't generally require deadheading or shearing . These are usually prolific bloomers covered in smallish flowers , which just shrivel up and almost disappear on their own . Some examples are impatiens , mini petunias , diascia , and browalia . If they start to flag late in the summer , cut back the plant by one-third to rejuvenate blooming . Good container flowers for sun Angelonia African daisy  Arctotis  Dahlia Purple fountain grass  Pennisetum setaceum ` Rubrum '  Lantana Verbena Zinnia Good container flowers for shade Tuberous Begonia Fuchsia Impatiens Browallia Torenia Good colorful foliage plants for sun and shade Caladium  shade  Coleus  sun and shade , depending on variety  Phormium  full sun to part shade  Canna  full sun to part shade  Ferns  various types , filtered sun to shade  Persian shield  Strobilanthes dyerianus , full sun/part shade  Ornamental sweet potato vine  Ipomoea batatas , full sun/part shade  Ornamental grass  various types , full sun Good container flowers for sun and shade Twinspur  Diascia , full sun/part shade  Mini petunia  Calibrachoa , full sun/part shade  Nemesia  full sun/part shade  Scaevola  full sun/part shade  Salvia  Salvia guaranitica , full sun/part shade Note : Where only one name is listed , the botanical and common names are the same . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Right pot , right place " is key to beautiful container gardens Choose plants for amount of sun they need -- do n't mix types Water them before transplanting into potting soil Potted plants need more fertilizer than garden plants
CNN  -- Riots broke out in central Myanmar on Wednesday , authorities said , as police struggled to stop groups of Buddhists from setting fire to mosques and Muslims ' homes . The violence comes after a state of emergency was declared last week in the area where clashes between the two communities first broke out , leaving at least 40 people dead . In Natalin township , rioters destroyed eight houses , 12 shops and one mosque , police said . In nearby Zigon township , 40 houses and one mosque were destroyed , they said . Police said they fired rubber bullets at rioters there . Some people were injured and admitted the hospital . The riots prompted new restrictions . Officials put dusk-to-dawn curfews in place in Natalin and Zigon , state-run TV reported late Wednesday , raising the total number of townships where a curfew is now imposed to nine . Officials on Tuesday put curfews in place in the townships of Gyobingauk , Okpo and Minhla , the New Light of Myanmar , a state-run newspaper , said . Police had reported arson attacks on Muslim properties in those three townships in recent days . U.S. authorities have issued a warning to U.S. citizens in Myanmar amid the unrest that began last week in the city of Meiktila , in the central Mandalay region , and spread to other towns . The situation has fueled fears in the commercial capital , Yangon , prompting stores to close in a popular shopping district Monday . The U.S. Embassy told U.S. citizens to avoid the Mingalar Market and Yuzana Plaza part of Yangon , the same area where the stores were shuttered . U.S. warns citizens in Myanmar amid deadly sectarian unrest A state of emergency During the clashes in Meiktila , which were reportedly set off by a dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and two Buddhist sellers , rioters set fire to houses , schools and mosques , prompting thousands of residents to flee their homes . The government declared a state of emergency in the city Friday , allowing the military to help reinstate order . But as the situation there appeared to calm , authorities reported arson attacks by groups of Buddhists in other towns in the region over the weekend . The unrest highlights the fragility of ethnic relations in Myanmar , also known as Burma , as it emerges from decades of military repression . Authorities have released thousands of political prisoners and pursued peace talks with rebel groups in the past two years . President Thein Sein , who has overseen the country 's initial moves toward democracy , vowed Monday "  to take action against those who led the violence and got involved in it and to expose those who flamed the conflict under the pretext of religion , " the New Light of Myanmar reported . The U.N. humanitarian agency says that the Myanmar government estimates that more than 12,000 people have been displaced by the unrest . "  They 're barricaded in schools and in a monastery , " said Ashok Nigam , the U.N. resident coordinator in Myanmar . "  They 're currently receiving humanitarian assistance provided by the government . " A Buddhist monk was reported to be among those killed when the violence initially erupted in Meiktila last week . But Win Htein , an opposition lawmaker for the area , has said that he believes the majority of the victims were Muslims . "  Most of the Muslims ' houses were destroyed and burnt down , " he said Tuesday . "  Very few are left . " Authorities have found dozens of bodies amid the wreckage left by the riots . Police confiscated weapons such as swords and machetes from groups of Buddhists -- some of them monks -- who were roaming the streets last week , officials said . Win Htein said Tuesday that the situation was improving in Meiktila , but that he was concerned that some young Buddhists were "  organizing their own security " despite government warnings not to carry weapons . Tensions persist between Buddhists and Muslims Growing insecurity Unsubstantiated rumors of unrest in other parts of the country such as Yangon are spreading via text messages and social media , stoking fears among residents . "  People are feeling totally insecure , totally not safe , " said Aye Chan Naing , the founder of Democratic Voice of Burma , an independent news website based in Chiang Mai , Thailand , less than 200 kilometers from the border with Myanmar . In one example , Si Thu , a Buddhist employee of the United Nations who lives in a mainly Muslim neighborhood of Yangon , said Tuesday he was moving his family to stay at a relative 's home elsewhere in the city . "  I ca n't think of any political or religious aspects now , " he said . "  I only know about how to protect my family . " The New Light of Myanmar suggested that such rumors are being "  circulated by those with ill will who want to harm peace and stability . " The clashes in Meiktila and elsewhere have drawn expressions of concern from U.N. and U.S. officials . The sudden boiling over of tensions between Buddhists and Muslims in central Myanmar follows sectarian troubles that killed scores of people in the west of the country last year . Those clashes , in Rakhine state , took place between the Buddhist majority and the Rohingya , a stateless ethnic Muslim group . Most of the victims in that unrest were Rohingya . Tens of thousands more were left living in makeshift camps , and many of them have since joined those who attempt each year to flee to Thailand and Malaysia in flimsy boats . CNN 's Kocha Olarn , Dana Ford and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report . Journalist Pho Wai Lin also contributed .	NEW : Four dozen homes and two mosques are destroyed , police say NEW : Myanmar imposes more curfews to try to prevent attacks on Muslims At least 40 people have been killed in clashes between Muslims and Buddhists President Thein Sein has vowed to take action against those responsible
CNN  -- Seventeen people in five states have been sickened by E. coli after eating clover sprouts , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . That 's up from the 10 cases reported by the CDC in late May . No deaths have been linked to the E. coli outbreak , the CDC says , but nearly half of those sickened were hospitalized . Three cases were identified in Idaho , one in Michigan , two in Montana , one in Utah and 10 in Washington state . The CDC said the source of the E. coli outbreak is likely Evergreen Fresh Sprouts , LLC of Idaho . Twelve of the patients whom health officials interviewed reported eating raw clover sprouts from the company in the week before they became ill . Evergreen owner David Scharf told CNN affiliate KREM-TV that U.S. Food and Drug Administration tests from his farm came back negative for the strain of E. coli involved in the outbreak . "  The FDA came in looking for proof and they got proof , " Scharf told the station . "  And we are free from the disease . " KREM reported Tuesday that FDA officials had recently found "  objectionable conditions " at the farm despite the negative test results . Evergreen has not issued a recall , the CDC said , so the sprouts may still be available in stores . The CDC , Washington State Department of Health and the Idaho Department of Health and Welfare are advising people not to eat any raw clover sprouts produced by the company . Escherichia coli is a large group of bacteria ; most are harmless , while some can cause serious illness . The strain involved in the sprout-linked outbreak is Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli O121 . E. coli infection can lead to severe diarrhea , abdominal pain and vomiting , according to the FDA . Most people recover within seven days , but some have severe complications , the CDC said . A type of kidney failure called hemolytic-uremic syndrome may result ; the elderly and children under 5 are most at risk . Evergreen Fresh Sprouts was also involved in a 2011 salmonella outbreak . Consumers then were discouraged from eating the brand 's alfalfa sprouts and spicy sprouts . Sprouts have a history of being involved in bacterial infection outbreaks . According to a study commissioned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. , the warm , moist conditions that are conducive to growing bumper crops of sprouts are also an ideal breeding ground for bacteria . In the study , Kevin Allen , a microbiology professor at the University of British Columbia , tested 44 samples of prepackaged sprouts  as well as 48 samples of leafy greens and 58 samples of various herbs  and found , "  Over 78 % of sprouts had levels of microorganisms too numerous to count . " Why sprouts make you sick	E. coli sickens people in Idaho , Michigan , Montana , Utah , Washington CDC says source of E. coli outbreak likely Evergreen Fresh Sprouts Evergreen has not issued a recall , so the sprouts may still be available in stores
CNN  -- For classic rocker Tom Petty the waiting is the hardest part after five guitars were stolen from a soundstage where the Heartbreakers were rehearsing for their upcoming U.S. tour . A $ 7,500 reward is being offered for the return of the guitars , including a vintage 1967 Rickenbacker , a 1967 Epiphone and a 1965 Gibson . "  Sometimes people make mistakes , but we 'd like these back , " Petty said on his Twitter account Friday . "  no questions asked . " Police in Culver City , California , are investigating the theft . Both as a solo artist and leader of the Heartbreakers , Petty is one of America 's top recording artists , selling more than 57 million albums , according to the Recording Industry Association of America . The band was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2002 . Among his hits are "  Refugee , " "  American Girl , " "  Free Fallin ' " and "  The Waiting . " The band 's tour is set to start Wednesday in Colorado . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Police are investigating the theft of five guitars Three of them were vintage guitars from the 1960s The band 's tour begins this week Tom Petty was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2002
CNN  -- Two men in New York allegedly produced and sold counterfeit NFL tickets for popular post-season games , including Sunday 's Super Bowl , and other high-profile events , the Queens County district attorney 's office said Tuesday . Damon Daniels ,43 , of New York City , and Eugene Fladger , 32 , of Philadelphia , allegedly forged and sold high-quality tickets on the Internet and on the streets of New York , according to the news release . Fraudulent items included tickets to the 2014 AFC championship game , the NFL Commissioner 's Party at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in Manhattan and the NFL Honors Party at Radio City Music Hall , according to the release . The forged tickets had the official NFL logo and bar code imprinted upon them ; the printing on the tickets was washed out and not properly aligned , according to the release . "  The defendants are charged with not only running a lucrative illegal operation that allegedly ripped off the National Football League and sports fans alike by manufacturing well-crafted counterfeit tickets using state-of-the-art equipment but creating a security nightmare ... at this Sunday 's Super Bowl by allegedly selling fraudulent parking passes , " Queens District Attorney Richard Brown said in the release . "  Beyond that , individuals who bought tickets or passes through the Internet may be in for a rude awakening on game day . " An undercover investigation into the operation began in December after the NFL 's Security Division notified the New York Police Department , according to the release . The joint investigation included the purchase or potential sale of 79 counterfeit tickets and parking passes for approximately $ 10,000 , according to a news release from the police department . Police also recovered a computer , printer and the same photo-grade paper that was used to make the fraudulent tickets from Daniels ' girlfriend 's home , according to the release . Daniels also allegedly stated that he made the tickets at a Manhattan copy store , according to the release . They are each charged with 79 counts of second-degree forgery , 79 counts of second-degree criminal possession of a forged instrument , three counts of criminal possession of a forgery devices , one count of criminal possession of computer-related material , 79 counts of second-degree trademark counterfeiting and one count of fifth-degree conspiracy . Daniels and Fladger are being held , and it was unclear Tuesday night whether they had lawyers . If convicted , they could each face a maximum of seven years in prison .	Two men produced , sold fake tickets to Super Bowl and related events in New York Damon Daniels ,43 , and Eugene Fladger , 32 , face dozens of charges , including forgery Purchasers of fake items "  may be in for a rude awakening on game day , " district attorney says
Guantanamo Bay , Cuba  CNN  -- Silence and the odd outburst from accused 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others turned an arraignment that could have lasted minutes into a 13-hour court session at Guantanamo Bay on Saturday . It was the first appearance in a military courtroom for Mohammed and four others since they were charged last month for their alleged role in the planning and execution of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people . The hearing , which wrapped just before 10:30 p.m. , offered a rare glimpse of the five men who have not been seen publicly since 2008 when they were first charged by a military tribunal . Mohammed and the others -- Walid Muhammad Salih , Mubarak bin ` Attash , Ramzi Binalshibh , Ali Abdul Aziz Ali , and Mustafa Ahmed Adam al Hawsawi -- appeared to work together to defy the judge 's instruction , refusing to speak or cooperate with courtroom protocol . The silence from the defendants -- some ignored the judge and others appeared to be reading -- slowed the proceedings to a crawl . Bin ` Attash was wheeled into the courtroom in a restraining chair . It was unclear why he was the only defendant brought into court in that manner , though he was allowed out of restraints after he promised not to disrupt court proceedings . Toward the end of the day , he took off his shirt while his attorney was describing injuries she alleged he sustained while in custody . The judge told bin ` Attash , "  No ! " and warned that he would be removed from the courtroom if he did not follow directions . At one point , bin ` Attash made a paper airplane and placed it on top of a microphone . It was removed after a translator complained about the sound the paper made against the microphone . The judge , Col. James Pohl , needed the five to vocally confirm their desire to be represented by the attorneys who accompanied them to court . Because the defendants refused to cooperate , Pohl ruled the men would continue to be represented by their current military and civilian attorneys . All five men are charged with terrorism , hijacking aircraft , conspiracy , murder in violation of the law of war , attacking civilians , attacking civilian objects , intentionally causing serious bodily injury and destruction of property in violation of the law of war . If convicted , they face the death penalty . There were so many allegations behind the charges , it took more than two hours for officers of the court just to read into the record the details of the 9/11 hijackings . Earlier , the refusal of the defendants to speak caused an issue with the court translations . Mohammed 's lawyer said that his client "  will decline to communicate with the court . " Because the men would n't speak , the judge could not confirm that they could hear the translation of the proceedings . Time elapsed while they set up loudspeakers in the court to carry the translations . Some lawyers objected to this solution , too , and translation remained a problem at the outset of the hearing . Pohl said he would enter a not guilty plea on Mohammed 's behalf , if he refused to enter a plea . Later , the five men chose to defer entering a plea , a routine practice during military court proceedings . The next hearing is scheduled for June 12 . It will likely be at least a year before the case goes to trial , Pohl said . Hours into Saturday 's proceeding , one of the defendants broke his silence with an outburst . Binalshibh shouted in heavily accented English : "  You may not see us anymore , " he said . "  They are going to kill us . " During recesses , the five men talked amongst each other and appeared relaxed . They passed around a copy of The Economist . Binalshibh appeared to lead the group twice in prayer in the courtroom , once delaying the resumption of the hearing . Mohammed , whose long beard appeared to be dyed red by henna , was much thinner than the last time he was seen publicly in a courtroom . He also appeared much smaller and paler than the man the world came to know through photos released after his capture in March 2003 in Pakistan . The charges allege that the five are "  responsible for the planning and execution of the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , in New York , Washington , D.C. , and Shanksville , Pa. , resulting in the killing of 2,976 people , " the Defense Department said . The military initially charged Mohammed in 2008 , but President Barack Obama stopped the case as part of his effort to close the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay , a U.S. naval base in Cuba . Unable to close the center , Obama attempted to move the case to federal court in New York in 2009 , only to run into a political firestorm . The plan was dropped after complaints about cost and security . Last April , Attorney General Eric Holder announced the five would face a military trial at Guantanamo Bay . The decision was met with some criticism , including from the American Civil Liberties Union . ACLU Executive Director Anthony D. Romero said last month that the administration is making a "  terrible mistake by prosecuting the most important terrorism trials of our time in a second-tier system of justice . "	Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and others drag out arraignment for 13 hours It is the first time the men have been seen publicly since 2008 The next hearing is scheduled for June 12 They face charges of terrorism linked to the September 11 , 2001 attacks
CNN  -- A California death row inmate has provided maps that led to the remains of two bodies and an abandoned rural well that has yielded 1,000 pieces and fragments of bone , authorities said . Wesley Shermantine , one of two so-called "  Speed Freak Killers , " was sentenced in 2001 for four homicides , Deputy Les Garcia , public information officer for the San Joaquin Sheriff 's Office , said Tuesday . Authorities now are looking into whether there could be more buried victims . They set up a hotline for relatives of missing persons who may have fallen victim to Shermantine and another man , between the mid-1980s and 2000 , Garcia told CNN . They had received about 50 calls by late Tuesday . Shermantine provided maps and letters to a reporter at the Stockton Record , who then forwarded them to investigators , Garcia said . Searchers , aided by dogs , first went to sites in San Andreas in Calaveras County , he said . One of the pieces of property belonged to the Shermantine family . Human remains were discovered . The remains of Chevelle Wheeler , who disappeared in the 1980s , were tentatively identified , Garcia said . Authorities believe the other victim was Cyndi Vanderheiden . The search for additional victims now is primarily focused on a 19th-century well near Linden , about 30 miles from where the two women 's remains were found , Garcia said . Linden is 55 miles south of Sacramento . "  It is very tedious work , " he said . Since Thursday , searchers have dug down about 45 feet and have not reached water . They have no idea how many victims may be in the well . "  We are committed to collect all the remains that are humanly possible so that we can bring the loved ones to their families , " Garcia said . Besides hundreds of pieces of suspected human bone , investigators are unearthing purses , belts , coats , shoes and rings . "  The personal items and the clothing we are finding have been buried for over 20 years , " he said . Bounty Hunter Leonard Padilla told CNN on Monday that he promised Shermantine $ 33,000 for information leading to the remains of Wheeler and Vanderheiden . About $ 18,000 was for the inmate 's restitution and $ 15,000 was for headstones for Shermantine 's parents ' graves , he said .	Authorities say Calfornia serial killer gave information on body locations They have found remains of two women ; other remains in rural well Wesley Shermantine was sentenced for four murders
CNN  -- Kawasaki have announced they will run Marco Melandri in a one-bike team in the 2009 MotoGP world championship . Italian Melandri will be the sole Kawasaki rider in the 2009 MotoGP championship . The news comes just weeks after the Japanese manufacturer confirmed it was to end its MotoGP activities due to the economic downturn . A statement confirmed the team 's return to the sport comes in the wake of "  constructive talks between Kawasaki , MotoGP organisers and other involved parties " . "  This decision was made after negotiations that followed Kawasaki 's January 2009 announcement to suspend its MotoGP activities due to the economic crisis , " the statement continued . "  The rider for the new MotoGP team will be Marco Melandri . The team will be equipped with Kawasaki motorcycles and supporting materials . "  That Kawasaki have come to this new team approach is the result of , on the one hand , the need for a strong reduction of MotoGP racing investments and , on the other hand , the necessity to come to constructive solutions for all related parties . " Melandri moved to Kawasaki from Ducati at the end of what was a dismal 2008 season for the Italian , but shortly afterwards was told his new team would not be on the grid in 2009 . While the 26-year-old has earned a welcome reprieve , the man who would have been Melandri 's team-mate this season , American John Hopkins , appears set for an extended spell on the sidelines .	Kawasaki will run Marco Melandri in a one-bike team in 2009 MotoGP season The news comes after manufacturer revealed it was ending MotoGP activities Italian Melandri moved to Kawasaki from Ducati at the end of the 2008 season
CNN  -- From the responses to our story Thursday on how tablets are paving a rough road for the future of dedicated e-readers , one thing was clear : We still love our E Ink . Hundreds weighed in with comments , and the overwhelming majority argued that while tablets offer a range of nifty features , they still have n't caught up with Kindles , Nooks , Kobos or Sony Readers for curling up with a good e-book . Many folks said they 've found a spot in their digital lives for both types of devices . "  I have a tablet and an e-reader . They both have their place , " wrote a commenter called Ken . "  I would n't give up my e-reader because for one , the battery life is amazing . And two , its e-ink makes it almost look like paper . "  E Ink is a proprietary type of electronic paper that 's found in most e-readers . Seventy-six of you voted up the comment . Ken 's clearly onto something . "  My Kobo is so small and light that I can hold it and click on it to turn the page with one hand , " wrote the ominously monikered Sharkmann . "  And the battery lasts about 1 week even if I use it a lot . For reading a book , e-ink is best , for web browsing and video , a bigger tablet is much better . Trying to make one device for everything leads to a device that does nothing well . " Experts quoted in our report painted a rosier picture for tablets . While the devices have n't yet matched the easy-on-the-eyes look of E Ink , most of the new ones have high-definition screens , and it may only be a matter of time before they catch up . For now , it 's the glare from a tablet 's screen that 's keeping some folks from spending hours on the devices , streaming Spotify and looking up definitions of big words while wading through , say , the bloody "  Game of Thrones " book series . "  Do n't forget that some of us are light sensitive . If I sat down for a long reading session on a tablet , I would get a headache , " commenter Otorman said . "  For this reason , my e-reader is great . I really do fear that tablets will kill off both paper and e-ink and will diminish the pleasantness of the reading experience . " Still , some folks agreed with what the analysts quoted in the report were saying . "  I can go to any of a dozen sites and order a cheap tablet from China for $ 50 to $ 75  including delivery  that does everything a reader does plus hundreds of things a reader ca n't do , " wrote Kevin Walker . "  So why waste money on a inferior product just because of the brand name ? " Added lasertekk , "  It 's only a matter of time before an e-ink screen gets combined with a LCD , giving you both devices in one package . " And some of the biggest fans of the readers noted that , in a way , they 're victims of their own success . ZJM555 : "  Nice thing about an e-reader is you do n't have to get the latest and greatest one every six months . " And Amber Hielckert : "  I agree . The real problem with e-readers is that they last  nearly  forever , that people do n't need to replace or upgrade every few years or so . I still have the Kindle with the keyboard , and it still works great . " So is there much hope for e-reader fans ' beloved devices ? Some of you seem to think so . Writing with the screen name guiwhiz , one commenter echoed a scenario voiced by analyst James McQuivey . "  Schools . This is where they are going to be relevant , " he wrote . "  Giving young teenage children tablets is a big investment not just in hardware , but in all kinds of other costs/headaches as well . Give a kid an e-reader with the textbooks pre-loaded , the ` limited browser ' locked down to the school websites/proxy server and then you have a potential replacement for textbooks . "  Just my two cents of course , but boy that is where I would be focusing my  research and development  money if I was Nook . " That , and several suggestions about improving Web browsing and other features , might keep tablets from killing electronic readers . "  Maybe not kill , " wrote Nodack . "  But put on life support maybe . "	Report on how tablets are hurting the e-reader market got CNN readers talking Tablets are booming , but many remain loyal to Nooks , Kindles and the like Tablets still have n't caught up for a pure reading experience , some commenters say Many have found a place in their digital arsenal for both devices
Mashable  -- It 's official : the first official biography of Steve Jobs will be making its debut sometime in early 2012 . The book , "  iSteve : The Book of Jobs , " is being penned by Walter Isaacson , famed biographer and the former CEO of CNN and managing editor of Time . While very little is known about the contents of the book , Isaacson did manage to obtain unprecedented access to Apple , Steve Jobs and even Jobs ' family . Simon & Schuster will publish and distribute the book . Mashable : Steve Jobs action figure looks amazingly real This will be Isaacson 's fourth biography , following "  Kissinger : A Biography , " "  Benjamin Franklin : An American Life , " "  Einstein : His Life and Universe . " "  This is the perfect match of subject and author , and it is certain to be a landmark book about one of the world 's greatest innovators . Just as he did with Einstein and Benjamin Franklin , Walter Isaacson is telling a unique story of revolutionary genius , " Simon & Schuster Publisher Jonathan Karp said in a statement . Mashable : Apple vs Adobe : Steve Jobs responds Apple 's CEO is famously secretive about his personal life . Some of the details of his past have been unraveled in unauthorized biographies such as "  iCon : Steve Jobs " and "  The Second Coming of Steve Jobs , " but none of them paint a complete picture . Isaacson 's book should hopefully provide some concrete answers to unresolved questions about Jobs 's life , along with some new insights into how Jobs runs the world 's most valuable technology company . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	"  iSteve : The Book of Jobs , " is being penned by Walter Isaacson Isaacson is a famed biographer and the former CEO of CNN Apple 's CEO is famously secretive about his personal life
CNN  -- English Premier League giants Liverpool announced plans Monday to stay at their "  spiritual home " of Anfield rather than move to a new stadium . The north-west of England club will be working with Liverpool City Council to regenerate the area around the historic ground , which would include new housing developments . Under the proposals , Anfield will be extended from its existing 45,000 capacity to a 60,000 all-seater stadium , enabling the club to better compete with other EPL sides such as Manchester United and Arsenal . The team 's U.S. Owners Fenway Sports Group are renowned for re-developing existing old stadiums , most notably the home of their Boston Red Sox baseball team , now named Fenway Park . Liverpool managing director Ian Ayre said that the decision to stay at Anfield rather than move forward with previous 10-year-old proposals for a new ground at Stanley Park , had been heavily influenced by the owners and the club 's 120-year history . "  I think this is the spiritual home of Liverpool Football Club , " he told the club 's official website . "  We 've had some of the greatest triumphs in our history here , so it makes sense if there 's a right solution that this is the place we should continue to play our football . " Criminal proceedings launched in 1989 Hillsborough Stadium crush The Mayor of Liverpool , Joe Anderson , told a press conference Monday that the local authority had developed a "  good , honest relationship and partnership " with Fenway Sports Group . He announced that the council had secured a $ 40 million grant to regenerate the area around the stadium , with further investment likely to be achieved . Anderson said he had visited Boston to see the Fenway Park development and meet Liverpool 's owners John Henry II and Tom Werner , who took control of the club two years ago . They replaced the previous American pair of Tom Hicks and George Gillett Jr. with widespread approval from Liverpool fans . Ayre said the announcement was a "  huge step forward " but warned that it was subject to the "  right financing solution " and the UK planning process . Liverpool dominated English football in the 1970s and 1980s , winning 11 league titles and seven trophies in European competition . But in recent years they have played second fiddle to arch-rivals Manchester United . Their success in the English League Cup last season was their first trophy since 2006 , but was not enough for manager Kenny Dalglish , appointed by Fenway Group , to stay in his job . Brendan Rogers took over in the summer , but has overseen a difficult start to the season with a squad weakened by injury and departures .	Liverpool to stay at their historic Anfield ground New project will see stadium capacity increased to 60,000 10-year-old plans for a new stadium at Stanley Park shelved Club shares same owners as Boston Red Sox baseball team
The U.S. Supreme Court will allow the National Security Agency 's surveillance of domestic telephone communication records to continue for now . The justices without comment Monday rejected an appeal from a privacy rights group , which claimed a secret federal court improperly authorized the government to collect the electronic records . The Electronic Privacy Information Center filed its petition directly with the high court , bypassing the usual step of going to the lower federal courts first . Such a move made it much harder for the justices to intervene at this stage , but EPIC officials argued "  exceptional ramifications " demanded immediate final judicial review . There was no immediate reaction to the court 's order from the public interest group , or from the Justice Department . The NSA has publicly acknowledged it received secret court approval to collect vast amounts of so-called metadata from telecom giant Verizon and leading Internet companies , including Microsoft , Apple , Google , Yahoo and Facebook . The information includes the numbers , time , and length of nearly every phone call to and from the United States in the past five years , but not the location or actual monitoring of the conversations themselves . To do so would require a separate , specifically targeted search warrant . The revelations on bulk data collection triggered new debate about national security and privacy interests , and about the secretive legal process that sets in motion the government surveillance . The once-secret approval came in April from a judge at the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , which handles individual requests for electronic surveillance for "  foreign intelligence purposes . " Verizon Business Network Services turned over the metadata to the government . Report : NSA , GCHQ among worst surveillance offenders , Snowden says "  Telephone records , even without the content of the calls , can reveal an immense amount of sensitive , private information . There are no reasonable grounds for the NSA to have access to every call record of every Verizon customer , " said Marc Rotenberg , president of EPIC . The Surveillance Court has applied the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act "  in a way that is contrary to both the text and purpose of the statute , " he said . This is the first direct challenge to the court order , and EPIC said the Obama administration should have to publicly explain its legal justification for the spying program . The group also argued restrictions in federal law mean no other state or federal court can review the Surveillance Court 's orders except the Supreme Court itself . The group is suing on behalf of itself as a Verizon customer , but also said the justices themselves have a stake in the legal fight . "  Because the NSA sweeps up judicial and congressional communications , it inappropriately arrogates exceptional power to the executive branch , " said the petition . The revelations of the NSA program and the inner workings of the Surveillance Court came after a former agency contractor , Edward Snowden , leaked documents to the Guardian newspaper in Britain . Snowden fled to Hong Kong and then Russia to escape U.S. prosecution , and his supporters say they are working on asylum deals with other countries on his behalf . The Justice Department urged the high court to stay out of the current fight , called a "  mandamus " review . EPIC 's petition "  does not meet the stringent requirements for mandamus relief , and this court lacks jurisdiction " to act , Solicitor General Donald Verrilli said in the government 's brief , filed last month . "  The mandamus petition does not establish that it is more than speculative that the NSA has reviewed , or might in the future review , records pertaining to petitioner 's members , particularly given the stringent ,  Surveillance Court  - imposed restrictions that limit access to the database to counterterrorism purposes , " the Obama administration added . The U.S. Supreme Court does not comment on pending cases . The privacy rights group now has the option of going back to the lower courts and starting the legal process anew . Prior lawsuits against the NSA program have been unsuccessful . Opinion : Has the NSA gone rogue ? Days after Snowden 's disclosure of the NSA program , the American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit in New York federal court . The San Francisco-based Electronic Frontier Foundation did so in July . And Freedom Watch also filed a separate claim on behalf of Verizon customers . The suits are still pending . Telecoms themselves were the initial targets of legal action , after the NSA domestic surveillance program was unveiled in 2005 . Congress later gave retroactive immunity to those private firms . The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court secretly decides whether to grant certain types of government requests , including wiretapping , data analysis , and other monitoring of possible terrorists and spies operating in the United States . Legal sources say the tiny courtroom and adjacent areas are sealed tightly -- ironically given the political debate -- to prevent any eavesdropping by outsiders . Eleven federal judges from around the country serve on the court for seven-year terms . They are appointed by the chief justice of the United States . John Roberts has named all current members , as a well as a three-judge panel to hear appeals of the Surveillance Court 's orders , known as the Court of Review . Because it is an "  ex-parte " body -- it hears only the government 's side -- the court has been criticized as a kangaroo court that too easily accedes to any government request . In order to collect information , the government has to demonstrate that it 's "  relevant " to an international terrorism investigation . The 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court Act lays out exactly what the special court must decide : "  A judge considering a petition to modify or set aside a nondisclosure order may grant such petition only if the judge finds that there is no reason to believe that disclosure may endanger the national security of the United States , interfere with a criminal , counterterrorism , or counterintelligence investigation , interfere with diplomatic relations , or endanger the life or physical safety of any person . " Several federal judges who once served on the Surveillance Court refused to discuss their service when contacted by CNN . The case is In Re Electronic Privacy Information Center  13-58  . NSA chief : Reports U.S. collected calls , e-mails from allies ` completely false '	A privacy group argues a secret federal court 's OK of NSA snooping was improper Supreme Court sidesteps the attempt to cut off NSA access to phone records The Justice Department urged the high court to stay out of the current fight The privacy group has the option of going back to lower courts
CNN  -- Hundreds of firefighters fought to control several dangerous blazes in Arizona , fighting to make progress even as expanded evacuations and power outages signalled that the battle was far from over . The Monument fire -- which U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell has deemed the nation 's "  number one priority , " putting it first in line for any air , ground or other resources -- jumped Highway 92 late Sunday afternoon at Carr Canyon heading east , according to the Cochise County website . "  We 've had a hard day today , with things that we did n't want to happen , " fire spokesman Bill Paxton told CNN on Sunday night . "  The bull came out of the pen . " Thanks to dry , windy conditions , the fire broke through four different contingency lines , including going over to the other side of the highway , said Paxton , part of the national Interagency Incident Management Team . "  Everything aligned for a massive push , " he said . "  It 's really hard on the community here . " The county sheriff 's office broadened the evacuation zone soon thereafter east to the San Pedro River , reports InciWeb , an online interagency database that tracks fires , floods and other disasters . On Sunday evening , that website noted that the fire had burned at least 20,956 acres and was 27 % contained . More than 1,000 personnel -- as well as 100 engines and nine helicopters -- were battling that blaze , which had burned 44 homes and 18 other structures from its start June 12 through Sunday . The weather has hardly been cooperating in the fight , with humidity at 7 % and temperatures topping 96 degrees . The National Weather Service forecast winds should weaken somewhat in the early part of this week , to between 7 and 13 mph in Sierra Vista , Arizona , though temperatures were still expected to remain in the 90s all week . "  The conditions that we 're dealing with here are as bad as we can get , " Tidwell said Saturday . "  It just ca n't get any worse . " People living in Sierra Vista were ordered to leave Sunday while firefighters conducted burn-out operations in an attempt to stop the fire moving that way , CNN 's Thelma Gutierrez reported from the area . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer has issued emergency declarations for the Monument fire and another blaze , Horseshoe II , making Cochise County eligible for $ 100,000 toward response and recovery expenses . This is just one of dozens of wildfires affecting the southwestern United States , where red flag warnings were in effect for most of Arizona , all of New Mexico , much of north Texas and portions of Oklahoma , Colorado , Kansas and Utah for Sunday . A red flag warning means weather conditions -- mainly high heat , low humidity and strong winds -- pose an extreme fire risk . "  The winds certainly will be very gusty and strong , " said Ken Daniel , weather service meteorologist in Flagstaff , Arizona . "  Any new fire starts would have the potential to have explosive growth . " Nationwide , wildfires have burned almost as many acres in the first half of 2011 as were recorded by the National Interagency Fire Center for all of 2010 . The agency reports on its website that 3.1 million acres in the United States had been ignited by wildfires as of May 31 , compared to 3.2 million burned acres cited in the organization 's year-end report in November 2010 . One Arizona blaze that started May 29 has mushroomed into a historically large wildfire . Known as the Wallow fire , it has burned 511,118 acres and was 44 % contained as of Sunday . This fire has caused power outages Sunday in Arizona cities Blue and parts of Alpine , Nutrioso and Greer , the Navopache Electric Cooperative reported on its website . Generators are powering some of the company 's New Mexico customers , as well as those in Alpine , Arizona . Residents of Luna , New Mexico , were ordered to evacuate Saturday afternoon after the blaze jumped containment lines along U.S. 180 , according to InciWeb . But fire public information officer Rich Szlauko had some good news , telling CNN that in terms of bringing the Wallow fire under control , "  everything is starting to look pretty good . " Some 3,600 people continue to battle the blaze , in the face of winds Sunday measuring 20-30 mph , he said . Tidwell said Saturday that he was "  very optimistic " that damage from future wildfires could be minimized by thinning forests and clearing out biomass -- which did occur , to some extent , in parts of eastern Arizona . He noted that 3.2 million acres were "  treated " nationwide last year . Sen. John Kyl , R-Arizona , noted Saturday that the estimated $ 64.1 million price for the Wallow fire would more than double after the costs of mitigation efforts to prevent mudslides from the summer monsoons . "  Just think that what we could have done using those funds to treat those forests in advance , " Kyl said . But government budget strains have limited the amount of money going to such efforts . "  The only way we are going to get these  forests  thinned is through greater participation of private enterprise , " Sen. John McCain said , adding that the government should try to facilitate such initiatives , including by allowing limited logging in national parks . "  There is simply not enough tax dollars to get the job done without them , " the Arizona Republican said of private companies . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : A fire spokesman said Sunday was a "  hard day " in southern Arizona The Monument fire jumps Highway 92 and Carr Canyon , heading east Power remains out in parts of eastern Arizona due to the Wallow fire Firefighters have been stymied by strong winds , high temperatures and low humidity
London  CNN  -- Tension in the stadium was at fever pitch , with the world record holder Jonnie Peacock gesturing for quiet from the partisan home crowd as two more star performers in the field settled into the blocks for what was billed as a grudge match . At stake was a London Paralympics 100m gold medal featuring rival runners who had been involved in a spat in an earlier race . But it was also the moment I realized for the first time that I was watching the contest not through the prism of disability but as a genuinely exciting sporting event that had me riveted to the edge of my seat . It was the first of two revelations of the night . As a sports fan and Brit I gobbled up hours of breathtaking competition from the London Olympics but I confess I had mixed views on the Paralympics before the event started . Great for the competitors , great for the home crowd who could be confident of a high medal count , great for the profile of disabled sport -- but would we really be watching a fair contest ? For the most part , that reservation has been blown away by a week of heart-warming stories of courage and determination , and of blistering , thrilling athletics , cycling , swimming and a host of other sports I have not explored before . Take blind football for example . It is an astonishing mixture of traditional football and a ballet in fast-forward . Players sprint across the pitch , skilfully tapping the football from foot to foot , while defenders follow the game by sound , listening for the bell inside the ball . You can only wonder at their close control and spatial awareness . It 's thrilling stuff and such was their mastery that if you did n't know better , you would swear the players could see . Then there 's the passion and aggression of wheelchair rugby , or "  Murderball " as it has been coined . It 's fast , it 's furious , and full-on . Never mind that they are in wheelchairs -- the hits are real . The same agility is evident in the wheelchair basketball where the athletes can turn their chairs on a dime . On Thursday night , Olympic and Paralympic sprint star Oscar Pistorius -- "  Blade Runner " as he is known -- was pipped for third place in that eagerly-anticipated 100m sprint by his South African team mate Arnu Fourie . Local boy Peacock duly delivered joy for the home crowd by winning gold , and American Richard Browne took silver . It was an explosive race that made a change to the medal table ... and my second pause for reflection . Where on earth was the United States of America in all this ? Given the size of the United Kingdom , we have no business occupying third slot in the Paralympic Games medal table . Browne ran well in the 100m but the U.S. languished in sixth place despite the team being the third largest represented at the Games . The CNN website has given prominent coverage to the London 2012 Paralympics but U.S. host broadcaster NBC decided to show only four hour-long highlight programs on its sport channel . It 's a decision that has drawn criticism from former Paralympian and chef de mission of the U.S. Paralympic team , Aimee Mullins . "  That disconnect between the U.S. being a world leader in disability issues and the broadcast coverage in real time of the Games is disappointing , " she said in the UK newspaper , The Guardian . The lack of coverage is a terrible shame because American citizens have missed out on the fantastic endeavours of their athletes and could potentially hold back the future aspirations of many more . U.S. athlete Tatyana McFadden has won a heap of Paralympic medals since 2004 . But as her own website puts it : "  She probably should not be alive . " She was born with spina bifida , resulting in paralysis below the waist , and spent the first six years of her life using her hands as if they were feet because she did n't have a wheelchair . She was rescued from a Russian orphanage in 1994 by Debbie McFadden -- then Commissioner of Disabilities for the U.S. Tatyana has overcome abandonment , disability and illness to become a world beating athletic star . Eight-time world champion Mallory Weggemann represents the U.S. in the swimming pool and described to CNN the commitment needed to win Paralympic gold . It would be a tragedy if people like McFadden and Weggemann were denied a chance to shine on an international stage . The UK has been creating opportunities for disabled athletes since the end of World War II , and it shows on the medal table . But many nations were only able to send one or two athletes to London . I hope the interest and enthusiasm demonstrated by the sell-out crowds at London Paralympic events will be matched by other countries because the fun attached to inspiring , entertaining sport has been a welcome tonic to the economic gloom . There may still be questions over whether there is a level playing field in all sports in the Paralympics but the exposure and debate can only improve the way the events are organized . Perhaps the real inequality is in the sporting chance that nations give to those who wish to confront their disabilities , excel in sports they have made their own and compete in the kind of activities that the able-bodied take for granted . Perhaps too they deserve better media coverage at home . For my part , I just ca n't wait for the Rio Paralympic Games . I hope you get to watch them too .	Paralympics showed stories of courage and thrilling athleticism , writes Dave Gilbert Gilbert asks : Where on earth was the United States of America in all this ? American citizens have missed fantastic endeavours of their athletes , he says Exposure and debate can only improve way events are organized - Gilbert
CNN  -- Cindy Goodman was having dinner with a group of girlfriends one night when the conversation took a surprising turn . Summer at the beach may seem like fun , but more Americans are afraid to take time off . Goodman asked her friends where they planned to go this year for their summer vacation . Nowhere , they answered . They were afraid to take time off because they did n't want to risk losing their jobs , she says . "  It 's going to be an interesting summer , " says Goodman , a Miami Herald business columnist . "  The people who still have a job are really feeling overwhelmed and overworked . They 're afraid to take vacations , but at the same time , they need them more than ever . " The bad economy is n't just depleting bank accounts . It 's cutting into people 's vacation time . Americans typically take time off and kick back during the summer . This year may be different . People are worried that a temporary vacation could lead to permanent time off , Goodman says . "  I do n't think anyone is going to be fired for taking two weeks off , but they might think that they 'll think of another way of doing my job without me , " says Goodman , who wrote about people 's vacation fears for her blog at http://worklifebalancingact.blogspot.com . How to take time off without guilt Americans had a difficult time taking vacations even before the economy slumped . Numerous articles and studies draw the same conclusions : Americans do n't know how to pry themselves away from the workplace . This year , Expedia.com , the travel reservation company , conducted a survey that compared Americans ' vacation habits with their counterparts in other countries . The survey said about 34 percent of Americans do n't take all the vacation time they earn each year . In contrast , 22 percent of French citizens and 24 percent of Germans do n't take all the vacation allotted to them . Japanese workers are the least interested in using all of their vacation days , according to the Expedia survey . About 92 percent of Japanese workers do not take all of their vacation days . Christine Louise Hohlbaum , author of "  The Power of Slow : 101 Ways to Save Time in Our 24/7 World , " says even when Americans manage to take vacations , they still do n't completely leave their office , because of technology . "  You can take a BlackBerry on vacation and still have a conversation with clients anywhere else in the world , " Hohlbaum says . "  It 's wonderful for innovation , but not so great for leisure . " But workers who do n't take vacation hurt themselves and their companies , Hohlbaum says . Overworked employees get sick more often and place themselves at risk for long-term illnesses such as heart disease . Companies suffer because their employees are too tired or ill to be productive , she said . Workplaces are full of exhausted employees who have already checked out in their cubicles , Hohlbaum says . "  If people are overworked , they 're surfing the Internet , " she says . "  They 're not contributing to the bottom line . " Hohlbaum says she talked to a computer technician who found a way to take more time off but be more productive . He started a walking group for his colleagues during lunch hour . He and his colleagues were transformed . "  It was an amazing experience , " Hohlbaum says . "  They bonded . It helped people relax and when they got back to work , they were much more productive . " She suggests that other workers follow his example . Explain the upside of the idea to the boss : The company benefits from well-rested workers because they 're more productive . Set performance goals with your boss to prove taking time off will allow you to thrive and will result in greater productivity , she says . Some workers , however , find that their biggest skeptic may be internal ; they do n't know how to take it easy anymore , Hohlbaum says . "  If you 're so used to being purposeful , make leisure time your purpose , " Hohlbaum says . Alternative ideas Goodman , the Miami Herald columnist , offers some of her own tips for taking time off . If you 're too afraid to ask for an extended vacation , plan four-day weekends or time off around holidays . Goodman says she 's going to take a four-day vacation around the Fourth of July . But there was a time when she traditionally took two-week vacations during the summer . "  I have the same kind of fear that everyone else has , " Goodman says . "  I want to take time off , but I do n't want to miss too much work time . I want to keep my column in the paper every week . "	People fear that vacationing in recession could lead to permanent time off Blogger says stressed-out workers need vacations more than ever Poll : 35 percent of Americans do n't take all the vacation they receive in a year Expert advises how to explain to your boss why you should have a vacation
CNN  -- Germany recorded their first win over Brazil in 18 years in stunning fashion by defeating the five-time world champions 3-2 in Stuttgart . Following a goalless first half , the match burst into life during the second period when Germany took the lead through a 61st minute Bastian Schweinsteiger penalty , dubiously awarded after Brazilian defender Lucio clipped midfielder Toni Kroos in the box . Germany soon added a second through 19-year-old prodigy Mario Goetze . The Borussia Dortmund midfielder added to his growing reputation -- German legend Franz Beckenbauer recently described him as the new Lionel Messi -- by scoring an individual effort seven minutes later . Robinho pulled one back from the penalty spot before Schweinsteiger set up Schuerrle for Germany 's third . Real Madrid target Neymar hit a late consolation but Germany 's young starlets held out for a famous win . Current world champions Spain suffered a shock loss against Italy in Bari . That the result would be considered a shock is perhaps indicative of both team 's international trajectories in recent years . Yet roared on by a large , partisan home crowd Italy took an early lead through a deft Riccardo Montolivo chip . The opening exchanges were marred by the early substitution of Fernando Torres , suffering from suspected concussion . A Xabi Alonso penalty before half time brought the scores level . In the second second half Spain looked the more likely to score before fate intervened when Alberto Aquilani 's poor shot was fortuitously deflected in . Elsewhere Chile held France to a 1-1 draw in Montpellier . Marseille striker Loic Remy gave Les Bleus the lead before Nicolas Cordova snatched a late draw . The result extended France 's unbeaten run under coach Laurent Blanc to ten matches . In Switzerland Ivory Coast overcame a late Israeli fight back to win 4-3 , Chelsea 's Didier Drogba scoring the fourth goal . In the night 's only competitive fixture Northern Ireland beat the Faroe Islands 4-0 to boost their hopes of qualifying for Euro 2012 . Fulham defender Aaron Hughes scored his first international goal before Steve Davis added a second and Paddy McCourt netted twice , lifting Northern Ireland to third in Group C a point behind Slovenia with a game in hand .	Germany beat Brazil 3-2 in Stuttgart It is the first time Germany have beaten Brazil in 18 years Italy shocked world champions Spain 2-1 Northern Ireland beat Faroe Islands 4-0 in Euro 2012 qualifier
CNN  -- The group of Hungarian teens and young adults had traveled to the United States to experience American culture during a three-week trip of hiking excursions , overnight retreats , home-stays and tourist stops . Now , the group will return home without two of its members , carrying memories of the tragic boating accident that took their lives . The bodies of Dora Schwendtner , 16 , and Szabolcs Prem , 20 , were recovered from the site of the boating accident in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , on Friday and identified later in the day , according to authorities . The discoveries came two days after a tour boat the group was on collided with a barge in the Delaware River . Rescuers saved 35 people on the tour boat , popularly known as a duck boat , an amphibious vehicle that takes passengers on land and sea to major destinations on Philadelphia 's tourist track . Among those rescued were some of the Hungarians and their hosts from Marshallton United Methodist Church of West Chester , Pennsylvania . Schwendtner and Prem were missing for more than two days before their fate was confirmed . The 15 Hungarians arrived in the United States on July 2 on a cultural exchange program organized by Atlantic Bridge , a Netherlands-based group that describes itself as "  a Christian , international , cross-cultural team with a passion for young people . " The team of Hungarian "  BridgeBuilders " came from Mosonmagyarovar , a town in northwest Hungary known for its hot baths and large number of dentists , drawing Austrians from across the border in search of cheap dental work , according to Atlantic Bridge 's website . The leaders of Atlantic Bridge did not respond to e-mails for comment Friday night , but the group 's website provides a loose timeline of the youths ' travels . Representatives from Marshallton United Methodist Church did not return requests for comment Friday night . After the youths arrived in New York they spent the Fourth of July weekend visiting ground zero , Central Park and Chinatown , and celebrating the nation 's birthday with host families , Atlantic Bridge 's director , John Oostdyk , wrote on the organization 's website . On July 6 , they set out in five cars to West Chester , Pennsylvania , to meet their hosts from the Marshallton United Methodist Church for the next leg of their trip . Marshallton sent a youth group to Hungary through Atlantic Bridge in 2006 , and a team from Hungary first came in 2007 , the church said on its website . "  Together the two youth groups share in Christian fellowship and fun , while the visitors stay with host families , and enjoy tours to various cultural and historic places in their respective countries , " a statement said . The next day , seven members of the church accompanied their Hungarian counterparts on a trip to Philadelphia , where they boarded the "  Ride the Ducks " tour boat at Penn 's Landing . The boat had mechanical trouble and the engine shut down after a fire onboard , Lt. Frank Vanore of the Philadelphia Police Department said Wednesday . While the boat was waiting for help in the river , the barge hit it , Vanore said . The boat overturned and passengers were spilled into the river . "  When I saw the picture I realized how true it was when someone earlier said ` it is a miracle anyone survived this , ' " Oostdyk said on Atlantic Bridge 's website . "  Ride the Ducks " voluntarily shut down operations at all its locations across the country , and the NTSB is investigating the incident . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with our Philadelphia tour guests , crew members and their families . We are attending to their needs first , " the company said on its website . After the passengers were brought to land , a count was taken and it was discovered that Schwendtner and Prem were missing , the church said . The group went back to Marshallton , where they were looked after by the Rev. Scott Widmer , the church 's pastor , and members of the congregation and community . "  The church is continuing to provide comfort , prayer , pastoral care and sanctuary for the spiritual needs of the youth groups in the midst of their shock and grief , " Marshallton said on its website . The Hungarian youths are still in Pennsylvania , according to an employee in Atlantic Bridge 's Netherlands office , but it was unclear whether they would stay until their scheduled return on July 23 . On Wednesday , Oostdyk flew to the United States to be with the group . On Thursday , prayer vigils were held at two United Methodist churches in the region , drawing attendees from churches and communities throughout the area . "  It was a world of grief , but also a world of compassion and prayer and of gathering around the team of Hungarian students who had seen their summer of high expectations destroyed in a matter of minutes just 24 hours earlier , " Oostdyk said .	Bodies of Dora Schwendtner , Szabolcs Prem , found near site of Pennsylvania boating accident They were among 15 Hungarians on cultural exchange program with Pennsylvania church They arrived in the United States July 2 to experience American culture It is unclear if the rest of the group will stay until scheduled return date of July 23
CNN  -- When Chokonjetsa was born , he weighed just over 2 pounds . His tiny , underdeveloped lungs struggled for each breath . Then doctors in the hospital in Blantyre , Malawi , put Chokonjetsa on a breathing machine made out of aquarium pumps . Chokonjetsa is one of dozens of newborns in the African country who have survived thanks to the ingenuity of students in a senior design class at Rice University in Houston . The overall survival rate of babies with respiratory distress at the Malawi hospital increased from 44 % to 71 % with the use of the students ' breathing machine , according to a recent clinical trial . Using aquarium pumps , the students have designed a low-cost version of a breathing device called a bubble CPAP , or Continuous Positive Airway Pressure , machine . Traditional bubble CPAP systems used in developed countries can cost upwards of $ 6,000 ; the students ' machine can be manufactured for around $ 350 , providing big savings for hospitals in poverty-stricken areas . Malawi has the highest rate of preterm birth in the world , 18.1 per 100 live births , according to the World Health Organization . Babies born too early often have underdeveloped lungs that do n't inflate easily . Premature babies struggle to breathe in part because they do n't produce enough lung surfactant , a naturally-produced chemical that keeps the tiny air sacs in the lungs , called alveoli , from collapsing . A lot of these babies die because of the stress struggling to breathe puts on their bodies . Second baby possibly ` cured ' of HIV In Malawi , when a newborn is suffering from respiratory distress , he or she is typically provided extra oxygen via tubes placed gently in the nose . But doctors do n't add air pressure to help inflate the infant 's lungs . This is the way respiratory distress was treated in newborns , even in developed countries like the United States , until the 1970s . With a CPAP machine , gentle air pressure is pushed via tubes into the nostrils and/or mouth to help facilitate breathing . To understand how a bubble CPAP works , think of a straw that is partially submerged in a glass of water . When you blow into the top of the straw , bubbles come out of the bottom of the straw and bubble up . "  When lungs are underdeveloped , it 's like when you 're blowing up a completely deflated balloon and that first breath to inflate the balloon is really difficult , " said Dr. Rebecca Richards-Kortum of Rice University , who helped facilitate the design of the students ' bubble CPAP machine . "  For a baby with underdeveloped lungs , every breath is like that . " Doctors and nurses know that it takes very little air pressure to assist newborns . The design students found that two aquarium pumps provided the perfect amount of gentle pressure for delicate lungs . In the original prototype , the machine was housed in a clear plastic shoebox from Target . The device 's latest casing box is made from bent sheet metal specifically designed for usability , funcation and durability , said Dr. Maria Oden of Rice University , a co-author of the device 's clinical trial along with Richards-Kortum . "  Having used bubble CPAP myself , the  low-cost aquarium pump  machine uses the same general principles , " said Dr. Andrea Trembath , a neonatal specialist at Rainbow Babies and Children 's Hospital in Cleveland who was not associated with the device 's design . "  We 've found bubble CPAP to be very beneficial in infants with respiratory distress . ... After taking a look at the photos , the low-cost machine does n't seem to be very different . " Jocelyn Brown , a former student who helped design the low-cost bubble CPAP machine , has lived in Malawi for almost two years . She is collaborating with aid organizations and using a transitions grant from USAID in hopes of rolling out the device across the country -- first in government hospitals , and then in private and rural hospitals . So far , the machines have been implemented in nine government hospitals , she said . Mysterious cluster of birth defects stumps doctors Brown said one major challenge to the rollout in Malawi is a lack of nurses and physicians ; the high turnover rate makes training difficult . "  Many district hospitals have maybe one doctor , who may not even be a neonatal specialist , " Brown said . "  Much of the care is provided by nurses , but one nurse could be taking care of 40 patients at a time . " Another challenge , Brown explained , is that parents in Malawi are sometimes reluctant to allow the bubble CPAP machine to be used , perhaps because nasal tubes and masks used in respiratory therapy are associated with death -- usually , only extremely ill patients receive breathing assistance . Fortunately , baby Chokonjetsa 's family allowed him to receive the respiratory therapy . His name , which means "  thrown away " in Malawi 's Chichewa language , was chosen by his grandmother . She feared he had been thrown away by God , as she did n't expect him to survive . But with the help of a breathing machine made of aquarium pumps , Chokonjetsa is now a healthy , thriving 7-month-old baby .	College students create a breathing machine from aquarium pumps The machine has helped dozens of newborns in Malawi survive Malawi has the world 's highest rate of preterm births per 100 births The machines provide gentle air pressure to help babies breathe
CNN  -- The violence and bloodshed on the streets of Kiev has left Ukraine on the "  brink of catastrophe , " according to one of the nation 's most famous sons . Sergey Bubka , a man known across the world for his record-breaking exploits as a pole vault champion , has been left shellshocked by the scenes in his home country . From Sochi , where he is trying to salvage the spirit of Ukraine 's athletes at the Winter Olympics , Bubka has watched on in horror as anti-government protestors clash with police . "  I could n't believe that has happened in my country , " the 50-year-old , who is head of Ukraine 's Olympic Committee , told CNN in Sochi Thursday . "  Ukraine is so nice and the country is beautiful . We are kind , we are friendly and have shown outstanding hospitality in many events . "  In this moment , I can not believe it . We can not go against each other . We need to understand each other . "  We must listen . We must go back to dialogue , save the peace , save our Ukraine and save our nation . " A fragile truce crumbled Thursday as gunfire erupted at Independence Square , where the anti-government protests have been taking place . The head of the protesters ' medical service told CNN that at least 100 people have died and 500 were injured . The Ukrainian government has not released an updated figure , but the interior ministry said earlier that one police officer was among the dead . "  The reaction is really shocking , " added Bubka . "  It 's difficult to say something because we love our country and our people . "  We saw some moves to take the situation in a better direction but then suddenly the real violence started . "  We 're really sad at what has happened and our team has expressed condolences to the victims who died . We want both parties to settle down and stop this . "  We have to try to start the dialogue again because we would love to see peace . " The pictures being broadcast across the world have led to shock and condemnation with Bubka and the nation 's athletes struggling to come to terms with the events . Also a member of the International Olympic Committee  IOC  , Bubka held a meeting with his country 's 43 athletes in Sochi . The team held a minute 's silence instead of wearing black armbands following discussions between the team and the IOC . However , two members of the team withdrew Thursday in a show of solidarity with the protesters in Kiev . Alpine skier Bogdana Matsotska and her father and coach , Oleh Matsotskyy , made a joint announcement on Facebook . "  As members of Ukraine 's national Olympic team , we are extremely indignant at latest actions by President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych , who has drenched Ukrainians ' last hopes in blood instead of resolving the conflict with Maidan  anti-government protesters  through negotiations , which we had hoped he would when we left for Sochi , " they said . "  This was the violation of the old principle of the Games -- the Olympic Truce . In solidarity with fighters on the Maidan barricades and as a protest against lawless actions made towards protesters , the lack of responsibility from the side of the president and his lackey government , we refuse further performance at the 2014 Sochi Olympic Games . " Bubka , who spoke with both athlete and coach before their decision was announced , admits that "  it is not an easy time to compete . " But he is adamant that Ukraine can be brought together by success in Sochi and through "  sporting and Olympic values . " Bubka , who won gold at the 1988 Summer Games , has put his hopes in the women 's biathlon team which has a great chance of a medal in Friday 's 4x6 km relay . "  We need this , " he said . "  We need this and we pray for that . "  We discuss with them to give them confidence and eliminate pressure from sport and situation at home . "  We tell them we love them and believe in them . ` Do what you do every time . It 's your time and it 's your day . We need this . ' "  We want to show to everyone that Ukraine exists and is united through sport and Olympics . " Earlier this month Olympic champion Renaud Lavillenie broke Bubka 's 21-year-old pole vault world record with a 6.16-meter leap in the Ukrainian 's home city of Donetsk .	Sergey Bubka tells CNN he wants the violence in Ukraine to stop Former Olympic champion wants government and protesters to "  start dialogue again " CNN told at least 100 people have died and 500 injured since Thursday morning Two members of Ukraine Winter Olympics team withdraw from Sochi Games
CNN  -- You know how good it feels when you fish a $ 10 bill out of your jeans pocket right before it hits the wash . Imagine coming into hundreds of dollars from a savings bond or a bank account you forgot about . Could there be a pile of money waiting for you to find it ? You may get a letter from a company saying you have unclaimed money or property , and for a fee , you 'll be able to reclaim it . But before you pay for this service , remember there are plenty of free Web sites that will help reunite you with your treasures . There 's almost $ 33 billion in unclaimed money from old payroll checks , utility refunds , trust distributions , stocks , banking or checking accounts , certificates of deposit and the contents of safe deposit boxes , according to estimates by the National Association of Unclaimed Property Administrators . Property is considered abandoned if there has been no activity on it for more than three years , according to Steve Larson of NAUPA . Such money is turned over to the state of your last known address , and the state holds the money in its coffers until you or your heirs claim it . There is no time limit to claim most abandoned property . In fact , years from now , your great-great grandchildren could claim it . To find your hidden money , go to http://www.missingmoney.com/ , an official database for the NAUPA that has records from most state unclaimed property programs . You can also link to your individual state unclaimed property program . If you come across records that indicate there may be money left in an old bank account , find out if the bank is still in business . For that , go to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Web site at www.fdic.gov . Look under "  Bank Find , " and you 'll be able to see the history of the bank , including any mergers . But if your bank failed , and you do n't claim those funds within a year and a half , the money in your account is turned over to the FDIC . To search for the failed bank , go to www2.fdic.gov / funds/index . asp . If you do n't claim the money after a few years , you 'll lose what 's in your account , says David Barr of the FDIC . "  There 's quite a bit of unclaimed property out there , " he says . Savings bonds Anything you 're supposed to keep for 30 years is bound to slip your mind . In fact , there are more than $ 15 billion worth of savings bonds that have stopped earning interest but have n't been claimed , according to the Treasury Department . If you have savings bonds that are still earning interest , but you have no idea where the documents are or how much they 're worth , get in touch with the record-keeping office of the U.S. Treasury Department . As long as you have enough information -- like when the bonds were issued or the Social Security number on the bond -- the Treasury Department will replace or reissue your bond . If you stumble across savings bonds that have stopped earning interest , or you think you may have had a bond or two as a kid , go to treasurydirect.gov/indiv/indiv.htm and look under "  Treasury Hunt . " This search mechanism will tell you if there are any bonds in your name . If there are unclaimed bonds , a member of the Treasury Department can contact you . There is no statute of limitations on claiming savings bonds . No matter how old they are , the money stays there for you or your heirs to claim , and the Treasury Department must respond to a claim . "  We want to get those off our books , " says Steve Meyerhardt of the Treasury Department . "  It does n't do us any good to be hanging on to the funds . " Pensions Pensions may be going the way of the dinosaur , but there 's still plenty of cash left from people who forgot to claim them . There 's about $ 133 million in unclaimed pension funds , says Gary Pastorius of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation , the federal pension insurance program . About 32,000 people may have pension money just sitting around . The PBGC takes over pension plans if a company goes out of business . If the employer ca n't locate people that have left the company , the PBGC tries to track them down . If you think you may have left a pension plan somewhere , you can check with the PBGC at search.pbgc.gov / mp / . There , you can type in your name and company in a search tool . Finding unexpected cash is n't hard as long as you know where to look . If an asset locator contacts you about unclaimed property , take the time to use the search tools . Asset locators generally charge a 10 to 20 percent fee to find your unclaimed funds . While this can be a legitimate service , you 're being asked to pay for something you can do for free . "  These asset finders are providing something of value , " says Joe Ridout of Consumer Action , a nonprofit consumer watchdog group . "  But you can do it yourself with a few mouse clicks . " E-mail to a friend	You or your relatives may be able to find lost money for free There 's almost $ 33 billion in unclaimed checks , utility refunds , stocks , bank accounts MissingMoney.com and FDIC are good places to start PBGC locates pensions , Treasury tracks bonds
Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey lives in San Francisco , not New York . But the tech entrepreneur , who also founded mobile-payments company Square , tells "  60 Minutes " he wants to move to New York someday and run for mayor . "  What I love about New York is just the electricity I feel right away , " he told CBS News ' Lara Logan in a segment that aired Sunday . "  It 's chaos . It 's kind of like being in a car in the middle of a thunderstorm . Everything is raging around you , but you 're safe inside that car . So New York feels very much to me like that . " With a net worth of more than $ 1 billion , Dorsey would follow in the footsteps of Michael Bloomberg as a billionaire-turned-New York politician . Moving to the Big Apple also would be a homecoming of sorts for Dorsey , who attended New York University and as a teenager was hired by a New York dispatch company after he hacked into its website . Dorsey , 36 , grew up in St. Louis and spent a lot of time at home playing with computers and studying trains . He also had a police scanner and told CBS the inspiration for Twitter came from listening to the short bursts of chatter from the city 's emergency dispatch center . "  They 're always talking about where they 're going , what they 're doing and where they currently are . And that is where the idea for Twitter came  from  ... , " said Dorsey , who created the code for Twitter 's 140-character messages . "  And  with cell phones  suddenly we could update where I was , what I 'm doing , where I 'm going , how I feel . And then it would go out to the entire world . " In December , Twitter announced it had surpassed 200 million monthly active users . Dorsey said he is proud of how quickly people adopted Twitter , which launched in 2006 , "  and used it in a million different ways . They 're all over the world . And Twitter enables them to take a $ 5 cell phone and , wherever they are , communicate with the world for free . " Launched in 2010 , Square now has more than 400 employees and has been adopted by Starbucks to help the coffee chain process sales transactions . Dorsey said the idea for Square came from talking to a friend , a glassmaker , who was frustrated that he lost a $ 2,000 sale because he could n't accept a credit card . Dorsey also said that to keep his employees inspired he leads company outings to a place in San Francisco called Lands End , which offers stunning views of the Golden Gate Bridge . Dorsey says he admires the bridge 's utility and elegant design , which he called "  this perfect intersection between art and engineering , " and believes software should work the same way .	Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey says he wants to move to New York someday , run for mayor Dorsey lives in San Francisco and also is CEO of Square , the mobile-payments company Dorsey was the subject of a "  60 Minutes " profile on Sunday
Police in eastern India have arrested the husband and parents-in-law of a young woman for allegedly burning her and her baby girl alive . The primary motive behind the January 30 attack is suspected to be dowry-related , as alleged by the parents of the dead woman , Jharkhand state police superintendent N.K. Mishra said . The three suspects poured kerosene on Annu Devi , 22 , and the baby girl at their village home in the state 's Dumka district and set them on fire , Mishra said . The 1-year-old child died instantly , and the mother later succumbed to her injuries in a hospital , police said . A court has sent the three suspects to jail to await trial , Mishra told CNN . Asked whether the fact that Devi gave birth to a girl was also a motive , Mishra said : "  That could be a factor . But it was mainly for dowry . Her family has said in their complaint she was harassed for money and other things . " Devi married three years ago , Mishra said . Dowry is banned in India , but giving expensive "  gifts " to the grooms and their relatives at weddings hosted by the brides ' families remains a common practice in the country . Police across India registered 8,233 murders of women as dowry deaths in 2012 , according to national crime data . Gang-raped girl burned alive	Police : 22-year-old Annu Devi and her baby were doused in kerosene Devi 's husband and parents-in-law are in jail awaiting trial Dowry is banned in India But India had over 8,200 dowry-related deaths in 2012 , crime records show
