CNN  -- After a night rife with primaries in the far-flung four corners of the United States , plus one in the nation 's breadbasket , one race in the far Northwest is still up for grabs . In Alaska , incumbent Sen. Lisa Murkowski is trailing a political unknown . Joe Miller , who has the support of the Tea Party and former Gov. Sarah Palin , is leading by 51 percent to 49 percent , according to election tabulations . The numbers , which show Miller clinging to a less-than-2 ,000 - vote lead , are based on a count of roughly 86 percent of the total expected vote . With as many as 16,000 absentee ballots expected to be received over the next couple of weeks , the contest is not likely to be resolved quickly . Among Tuesday 's big winners was Arizona GOP Sen. John McCain , who fought off former congressman J.D. Hayworth . Down in Florida , Democratic Rep. Kendrick Meek 's organizational support trumped political newcomer Jeff Greene 's billion-dollar bank account in a hard-fought Senate primary . Miller -- on the cusp of one of the biggest upsets of the year so far -- said on CNN 's "  American Morning " Wednesday that high-profile endorsements helped his campaign , which reflects "  one central concern , and that is the out-of-control nature of D.C. " "  Bankruptcy is crashing down on this country , " Miller said . "  Unless we end that entitlement mentality , no level of seniority is going to save us from that . " Miller added the problem is a result of a bipartisan "  crisis of leadership . " Alaska voters also went to the polls Tuesday to pick their gubernatorial nominees . Gov. Sean Parnell , who replaced Palin when she resigned last year , faced two challengers in the GOP primary . With 86 percent of the expected vote in , Parnell had almost 50 percent of the vote , according to the unofficial election count . His nearest challenger , Bill Walker , had 34 percent . On the Democratic side , Ethan Berkowitz led with 49 percent of the vote , while Hollis French had 39 percent . In the southeastern corner of the country , two wealthy candidates in Florida spent a lot of their own money on campaigns . Rick Scott 's investment paid off . Greene 's did n't . Scott , a millionaire political newcomer , defeated state Attorney General Bill McCollum in the Republican primary for governor , CNN projected . Scott spent $ 50 million of his fortune since joining the race in April . He claimed victory in front of supporters and alluded to the divisive nature of his fight against McCollum , the party-establishment favorite and former congressman . "  Some of you may have noticed this was a hard-fought race . We talked a lot about our differences , but tonight it 's time to remember those things that bring us together -- to recall our core beliefs and recommit ourselves to fighting for our principles , " Scott said . "  The Republican Party will come together , and the reason we will come together is our shared devotion to the values that make America great . " Scott was ahead of McCollum , 47 percent to 43 percent , with 92 percent of precincts reporting , according to election tabulations . Scott will face a November general election against Alex Sink , Florida 's chief financial officer , who CNN projected will win the state 's Democratic primary for governor . In a different race featuring a political veteran against a self-funded candidate with deep pockets , Meek declared victory over Greene in Florida 's Democratic primary for U.S. Senate . Meek led Greene 56 percent to 32 percent , with 78 percent of precincts reporting , according to election tabulations . Meek will take on Marco Rubio -- who CNN projected will win the Republican primary for Senate -- and Gov. Charlie Crist , a Republican turned independent , in the general election . Rubio has cast himself as the outsider in the race , painting Crist and Meek as "  two people who support the direction that Washington is taking our country . " He said on CNN 's "  American Morning " on Wednesday that "  Washington 's agenda is destructive for America 's future . " "  I 'm very proud of my association with the Tea Party , " Rubio said . "  But people misunderstand what the Tea Party movement is in America . It is not a centralized organization or a political party . It 's the sentiment of everyday Americans who think that Washington has it wrong -- they 're taking our country in the wrong direction . And they are looking for voices in American politics that will stand up to that and offer a clear alternative . " In northern Florida 's 2nd Congressional District , Blue Dog Democrat Allen Boyd faced a tough challenge from his left from Al Lawson . The Associated Press projects that Boyd won that race by a slim margin . Meanwhile , in the Southwest , Hayworth conceded the GOP Senate primary Tuesday night in Arizona after a bitter campaign against McCain . McCain -- seeking a fifth term as senator -- was ahead , 59 percent to 30 percent , with 50 percent of precincts reporting , according to election tabulations . The race between McCain -- the 2008 GOP presidential nominee -- and conservative talk show host Hayworth started off nasty and did n't get any friendlier down the home stretch . McCain spent $ 20 million to fight off the intraparty challenge , unusual for a four-term incumbent . McCain is expected to easily beat any of the four Democratic primary candidates in the solidly red state . A 10-way Republican primary in the Arizona 3rd Congressional District race to replace retiring Rep. John Shadegg has attracted national attention because Ben Quayle , son of former Vice President Dan Quayle , is one of the candidates . The Associated Press projected that Quayle has won the primary . Quayle would face Democrat Jon Hulburd in the fall in the heavily red district . In the Northeast , longtime Republican Gov. Jim Douglas is retiring in Vermont , giving Democrats hope of competing for the seat . Five Democrats are running in what is considered a tight race . With 89 percent of the precincts reporting , four of those candidates each have more than 20 percent of the vote . The winner will face GOP Lt. Gov. Brian Dubie . In Oklahoma , two U.S. House Republican nominations were decided in runoff elections . Charles Thompson and James Lankford trounced their opponents Tuesday night . In Thompson 's 2nd District , Republicans think they have a chance for a pickup this fall against conservative Democrat Dan Boren . Lankford will likely replace Rep. Mary Fallin , who 's running for governor . CNN 's Peter Hamby , Steve Brusk , Rachel Streitfeld , Jeff Simon and Mark Preston contributed to this report .	The Alaskan GOP senate nomination is still up for grabs Challenger Joe Miller says there 's a bipartisan crisis of leadership in D.C. Florida GOP Senate nominee says American voters are looking for alternatives Rick Scott , who spent $ 50 million on his campaign , wins Florida GOP primary for governor
CNN  -- Poached for use in traditional Chinese medicine or sold as exotic pets . Sometimes slaughtered in a vicious , drawn-out war . We 're all familiar with the themes dominating headlines about Africa 's declining wildlife . Lions , elephants and tigers , one might think , will exist only in sad tales told to children in a decade or two . Yet amid the disturbing news , one African wildlife success story stands out like the sun rising over the Serengeti -- and it 's great news for travelers . With sustainable wildlife tourism as the long-term goal , the southern African nation of Namibia has been making ambitious commitments to habitat conservation since its independence in 1990 . Almost half of country protected The nation of 2.2 million people was the first African country to write environmental protection into its constitution . More than 40 % of Namibia is now under some form of conservation management . Officially inaugurated in March 2012 , the KAZA  Kavango-Zambezi Transfrontier Conservation Area  initiative established a 100,000-square-mile , five-nation conservation zone -- the world 's largest . Encompassing the entire Caprivi Panhandle in Namibia , KAZA 's "  conservation beyond borders " approach protects wildlife corridors shared by Angola , Botswana , Namibia , Zambia and Zimbabwe . Central to the effort are the communal conservancies -- rural communities that share the proceeds of wildlife ventures equitably between members -- that now cover one-fifth of the country and affect 250,000 rural Namibians . Human-wildlife conflict reversed In many cases , poachers have become protectors , as Namibians have come to appreciate the long-term benefits of living with wildlife . Generations of human-wildlife conflict are being reversed , while communities are made stakeholders . Much of Namibia 's wildlife is now flourishing . This is also good news for travelers . With more than 30 conservancy lodges dotting the Caprivi Panhandle and north-central regions -- Namibia 's wildlife hotbeds -- visitors are privy to some of the most unforgettable wildlife encounters in Africa . Five top Namibian wildlife lodges Susuwe Island Lodge This remote island lodge in Namibia 's eastern Caprivi is a gateway to wildlife spotting along the Kwando River and perennial wetlands . Game drives deliver superb sightings of elephant herds , lion , leopard , hippo , zebra , impala and scores of bird species . Susuwe Island Lodge ; +264 64 40 3523 ; rates from N$ 2,408  $ 230  per person/day based on double occupancy  meals , activities extra Camp Chobe Boat safaris from this tent camp near the Botswana border spot elephant families in the river , along with buffalo , hippo and large Nile crocodiles . Camp Chobe ; +264 81 800 0762 ; rates from N$ 600  $ 57  per person/day based on double occupancy  meals , activities extra Chobe Safari Lodge This substantial lodge actually located in Kasane , Botswana , is a plush base to explore the wetlands of Chobe National Park . Land safaris into the park include sightings of elephant , giraffe , buffalo , hippo and lion . Chobe Safari Lodge ; +267 652 0 336 ; rates from N$ 1,333  $ 132  per room  meals , activities extra Ongava Lodge The stark landscape here includes huge saline deserts and intermittent waterholes that are magnets to wildlife . Game drive sightings regularly include lion , leopard and hyena , as well as endangered black and white rhino . Ongava Lodge ; +264 676 87187 ; rates from N$ 4,668  $ 463  per person/day , includes accommodation , meals/beverages , activities and guided tours Lianshulu Lodge Game drive sightings departing from this isolated lodge on the Kwando River include large herds of elephant , antelope , zebra , leopard and , uncommon for Namibia , herds of buffalo . Lianshulu Lodge ; +264 64 40 3523 ; rates from N$ 2,184  $ 216  per person/day based on double occupancy  meals , activities extra Ted Stedman traveled to Namibia with the Adventure Travel Trade Association .	Namibia was first African nation to write environmental conservation into constitution Lion , leopard , elephant , rhino and other big game is regularly spotted in Namibia More than 30 conservancy lodges dot the Caprivi Panhandle and north-central regions of Namibia
CNN  -- Parts of the Texas town of Wheeler were evacuated Saturday as strong , shifting winds fanned wildfires that had already destroyed three buildings , law enforcement officials said . Wildfires in the Texas panhandle are being fed by sustained winds of about 40 mph . Two homes and one business had been burned down by a fire that had grown to engulf about 8,000 acres by Saturday night , said Lewis Kearney , a spokesman for Texas emergency services . Another 12 homes had been damaged , and 300 homes and 60 business were threatened , according to a report from state emergency officials . The heavy winds -- sustained at about 40 mph with gusts up to 60 mph -- were making it hard for helicopters and other firefighting vehicles to battle the blaze , Kearney said . Further complicating matters were three other smaller fires , about 100 acres each , elsewhere in the state that had already stretched emergency resources . There were no immediate reports of injuries in the Wheeler fire . About 200 residents of the town of about 1,400 people on the eastern edge of the Texas panhandle were evacuated Saturday , state officials reported . The fire was believed to have started at about 4 p.m. ET Saturday , according to the state report .	NEW : Wind-driven fire had grown to 8,000 acres Saturday night Two homes and one business destroyed , hundreds threatened in Wheeler Wind gusts up to 60 mph hampered helicopters and other firefighting vehicles
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- A grassroots activist , a head of state and a symbol of the Arab Spring . Three women -- two who struggled in an African nation plagued by bloody civil war and a third who stood up to absolute dictatorship -- were bestowed with the Nobel Peace Prize Saturday . That the three of them shared the coveted prize was unusual . That all three are women was unprecedented . As was the conversation that followed with CNN . Punctured with the gravity of the unspeakable cruelty women have endured in Liberia and Yemen and with the humor that can come only from women who have led the battle to end it , the conversation reflected the indomitable spirit for which the Nobel was awarded . "  Beyond fighting for our individual countries , we are fighting for the emancipation of women and girls , " said Leymah Gbowee . This was no token prize . "  We worked very , very hard for this . It 's been a long time coming , " Gbowee said . Women 's rights take center stage at ceremony This was no prize given out of sympathy , either , added Tawakkul Karman , the first Arab woman to win the honor . "  We deserve it , " she said to thundering applause in the same room where hours before she accepted her medal and diploma . "  It 's recognition that women can do a lot . " And Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf , Africa 's first female head of state , said it was still harder for women to achieve what men can . That has not changed . "  Let 's face it , in a way , women are stronger than men , " she said to laughter . The women have much in common , they agreed . But each has their own tale set against a backdrop of injustice and violence . For most of the 1990s , Liberia meant bloodshed , a maelstrom of violence that bled across its borders and where , child soldiers became killers and warlords became presidents . Charles Taylor bludgeoned his way into power in 1997 and many , sadly , predicted perpetual conflict in the West African nation . No one figured that it would be Liberia 's women who would be the ones to stand up to Taylor . Gbowee , a trauma counselor , led them by the thousands . They dressed in stark white T-shirts and demanded an end to the violence against them . "  When you find yourself at a place where there seems to be no hope , you find yourself at a place you are destitute , you find yourself at a place where you are angry -- you have two options , " Gbowee said . You either pick up a gun or you try to do something different , she said . She chose the latter . The women threatened curses on Liberia 's men , organized sex strikes and sit-ins to shame them . Gbowee even threatened to shed her clothes as a gesture to show how her dignity had been stripped . "  It was the women in white looking Charles Taylor in the eye , " she said . Gbowee supposes that many others are deserving of a Nobel Peace Prize for their roles in securing peace in Liberia . But they were mostly people in positions of authority ; people who had the power to implement change , she said . But the women she led were ordinary citizens who had nothing in hand . "  The story of the Liberian women is a typical Cinderella story , " she said . The women braved death to pray for peace . Their movement found a powerful ally in Johnson-Sirleaf , a former finance minister and champion for women 's rights who also wanted to an end to the war and its perpetrators punished . When she became president , her challenge was daunting : to bring Liberia back from the abyss . But she brought with her something new for her people : Hope , where there had only been despair . Days before the Nobel presentation , Johnson-Sirleaf was re-elected to office after a runoff vote . She will serve another six-year term . Would she consider herself a success if after her six years , there is peace in Liberia even if little else has been accomplished ? "  Definitely . I am already a success , " she said of the economic strides Liberia has taken . But there will be more than peace , she hopes . She promises progress . There will be lights where streets were dark , running water where there were only buckets . Education , health and all the things that make a nation great . "  We will make Liberia a post-conflict success story , " she said . "  I am certain of it . " On another continent , on the southern end of the Arabian Peninsula , Karman , also dreamed big . As President of Women Journalists Without Chains , a group campaigning for press freedom , she was a voice of protest long before the Arab Spring took root in Yemen . This year , she came to be known as Yemen 's mother of the revolution . By late January , the 32-year-old mother of three children was out on the streets of Sanaa , rallying protesters to call for the ouster of President Ali Abdullah Saleh . She was threatened repeatedly and detained . But that did n't stop her . Yemeni women , inspired by her courage , followed Karman 's lead and called openly for change , a daring act of defiance in the conservative Islamic country . Saturday , she was asked if Yemen was perhaps the worst place on earth for women . She replied : "  It 's the worst place to be human . We believe our freedom will come through freedom for all of society . " Saleh has stepped down but not relinquished power , she said . And he will never leave Yemen on his own accord . She took the Nobel interview opportunity to ask the world to step up pressure on Saleh as they had done on Moammar Gadhafi and Bashar al-Assad . She did not want the killings and injuries of 28,000 Yemenis to be in vain . Saleh , is a liar , she said . "  And he will continue lying . " She said she would n't mind running for president herself . Will there be a free and fair election in Yemen ? "  Do we have this opportunity ? Please ask this to the American administration ? " she said . But one thing she was sure of . "  If I will run , I will win , " she said . "  And I will take more than 90  percent of the vote  . " It was that confidence , that courage that had brought her and her two fellow laureates to the Oslo 's celebratory stage . For them , the Nobel was hardly a finality , but another beginning . CNN 's Jonathan Mann reported from Oslo , Norway , and Moni Basu from Atlanta . CNN 's David McKenzie and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Unprecedented : Three women share the coveted peace prize Yemen 's Tawakkul Karman says she will win if she runs for presidency Liberia 's Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf vows to hold peace , deliver progress Compatriot Leymah Gbowee says Liberian women braved death for peace
CNN  -- The Mississippi River : home to grand old paddle steamers , blues music , Huckleberry Finn , and ... pirate ships . With its skull-and-cross-bones flag flapping in the wind , and swashbuckling captain at the helm , this is perhaps the last boat you 'd expect to find on America 's most famous inland waterway . But the 12-meter Gypsy Rose II is just one of six pirate ships built by 54-year-old Captain Tim Woodson and setting sail on the iconic river . Now the buccaneering boat has been sold to the History Channel for $ 80,000 , after being advertised on classifieds website Craigslist . "  It 's probably the most photographed ship on the Mississippi River , " Woodson , from St Louis in Missouri , told CNN . "  We get a lot of kids running along the shore , trying to catch the cannonballs as we go by , " he said , referring to the 4-inch sponge balls shot from the ship . Dream boat The professional boat builder first started making pirate ships five years ago , converting ordinary house boats into fairytale vessels . "  I wanted to find an old boat that I could transform into something really cool , " said Woodson . "  My girlfriend asked : ` What are you going to do ? ' I do n't know where it came from , but I said : ` I 'm going to build a pirate ship . ' " That 's exactly what he did , adding fake masts and covering the boat in planks of wood stained with varnish and black spray paint . "  As you walk on board you see a skeleton wearing an eye patch -- that 's the old captain we pillaged the boat from , " said Woodson . "  The sails are all torn with cannonball holes , " he added . "  Inside , the first thing you see is a hand-drawn map , globe of the world , and an old desk covered in treasure . " Luxury living The remarkable boat may appear to be something out of a 17th century European fable , but inside it has all the luxuries of a modern ship . Woodson spent just over two months building Gypsy Rose II , which can hold around 30 passengers . It features two bedrooms , a bathroom , kitchen , and putters along at 30 kilometers per hour . "  The galley is fully functional but is stacked with rum barrels and pewter mugs , " said Woodson . "  It really is a modern-day pirate ship with 1600s treasures scattered throughout . " Costume drama With his battered hat , ripped vest , and dangling earring , Captain Woodson is every inch the pirate of old . Alongside his girlfriend , Wench Maria , he can be found steering his fantastical vessels from Missouri to Illinois as part of sightseeing tours down the murky Mississippi . Groups can also rent the boats for pirate-themed parties , with one elderly woman recently celebrating her 99th birthday on board . "  When I was a kid , pirates were cool and that has n't changed , " Woodson said . "  It 's about that feeling of being free , of being an explorer . " "  It gives you an excuse to be the bad boy . " One man 's fleet Among Woodson 's six converted pirate ships are a former 21-meter U.S. troop carrier and another 12-meter boat now lined with 18 bunk beds for school trips . Once complete , each boat is advertised for sale on Craigslist , with the History Channel snapping up Gypsy Rose II for its TV series Ax Men , which follows the history of timber cutters . Other boats have been bought by cruise operators and restaurateurs . "  When I was building my first ship , people would say I was crazy , " said Woodson . "  But five years , six boats , and probably 200 cruises-a-year later -- they 're not telling me I 'm crazy now . "	Missouri boat builder creates his own pirate ship , sails Mississippi River Ship Gypsy Rose II advertised on classifieds website Craigslist Snapped up by History Channel for $ 80,000 to be used in TV series One of six ships built by Captain Tim Woodson , dressed as pirate
Editor 's note : "  Glenn Beck " is on Headline News nightly at 7 and 9 ET . Glenn Beck says to always question conventional wisdom . NEW YORK  CNN  -- "  The people who survived the Great Depression were the ones who had money to buy when everybody else was selling . " -- My grandfather I learned a lot from my grandfather , but that might have been the greatest lesson he ever taught me . He was n't just talking about managing money , he was talking about managing life -- and his words have stuck with me since I was a child . A few years back , I was taking a theology course and the professor recommended only the books whose authors he agreed with . I read those books , but I also asked that professor which books he thought had it completely wrong -- and I read those too . Then I made up my own mind . After all , following the herd is fine until they all run off the side of a cliff together . Less than a year ago , a recession was the last thing on anyone 's mind . In fact , over the summer , as I was questioning the conventional wisdom , I read an article on my television show that quoted a financial expert as saying , "  It is the strongest global market that we 've seen in the history of measuring these things . " That 's when I realized how fast the herd was approaching the cliff . But with predictions of a recession now more common than Fed rate cuts -- and that 's saying something -- maybe now it 's time to look at a worst-case scenario . After all , considering all sides of an issue , no matter how extreme they may be , does n't make you a crazy person ; it makes you an educated one . So to understand what a real meltdown could look like , I turned to Nouriel Roubini , chairman of RGE Monitor and professor of economics at New York University 's Stern School of Business . He 's also a former adviser to the U.S. Treasury Department . Professor Roubini recently laid out what he called the "  12 steps to financial disaster . " Unfortunately , they were really complicated , and I have severe ADD , so I 've boiled them down into five phases that even a rodeo clown like me can understand . I think of these like our military 's "  DEFCON " -- or defense readiness condition -- scale , except that this countdown could end in the meltdown of your bank account : • DEFCONOMY FIVE How you 'll know we 're here : The housing downturn turns into a free fall , making it the worst collapse in our country 's history . That not only triggers massive numbers of foreclosures and lost household wealth , but it also sets off another large wave of bank write-downs . Odds we get here : Roubini told me that it 's "  extremely likely , even unavoidable " that we hit this stage because "  the excess supply of new homes in the market is like we 've never seen before . " Prices , he believes , "  need to fall another 10 to 20 percent before that clears . " • DEFCONOMY FOUR How you 'll know we 're here : Americans upside-down on their mortgages and unable to pay their home equity loans begin defaulting on other debt , like credit cards , car loans and student loans . In addition , bond insurance companies lose their perfect credit ratings , forcing already troubled banks to write down another $ 150 billion . Odds we get here : High . Roubini says that 8 million households are already upside-down on their mortgages and he thinks we could see that number go to between 16 million and 24 million by the end of 2009 . A lot of those people , he believes , will simply walk away from their homes and send their keys back to the bank . • DEFCONOMY THREE How you 'll know we 're here : Some banks begin to crack under the pressure of continuing write-downs and mounting defaults by consumers . A national or large regional bank finally collapses , triggering hedge fund failures and general chaos on Wall Street , potentially leading to a 1987-style market crash . Odds we get here : Very good . Roubini says that we 'll likely socialize the losses , "  effectively nationalizing the mortgages or the banks . " It would be , he told me , "  like Northern Rock  the large bank in England that was recently taken over by the British government  times three . " He thinks the stock market will head south throughout the year as fears about a severe recession are confirmed . • DEFCONOMY TWO How you 'll know we 're here : Most forms of credit  both to consumers and businesses  become virtually nonexistent . That results in a "  vicious circle " of additional write-downs , stock market losses , and bank collapses , which leads to even less credit being available . Odds we get here : Good . Roubini says that credit conditions are becoming worse everyday across a variety of markets and wo n't be getting better anytime soon . Without extra credit available , people might have to actually  gasp !  live within their means . • DEFCONOMY ONE How you 'll know we 're here : Welcome back to 1929 . A full economic meltdown results in a complete failure of the underlying financial system . What will be known to future generations as "  The Greater Depression " has arrived . Odds we get here : Not likely . Roubini believes that this will be a "  very painful and severe recession " that could last for 18 months or more , but it will be more like 1981 than 1929 . Families may be eating soup again , but at least it 'll be in their own kitchens . Now , do I think any of what you just read will happen ? I have no idea , and that 's exactly the problem . I 'm not an economist or a stockbroker ; I 'm just a guy trying to make the best decisions I can , and picking the brains of real experts helps me do that . But I do know one thing for sure : Depressions are n't advertised in advance . Last time around we went from the Roaring '20s to bread lines in a matter of just a few years . Anyone who says that ca n't happen again either does n't know history , does n't understand how interconnected the world 's economies have become , or is lying to you . While that does n't mean you should panic , it does mean you should prepare -- something my grandfather would 've done a long time ago . E-mail to a friend	Glenn Beck lays out the DEFCONOMY scale Beck ponders : Will the economy collapse into "  The Greater Depression " ? "  Maybe now it 's time to look at a worst-case scenario , " he says Then again , maybe not : Be prepared is the key
CNN  -- Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg has secured the first pole position of his career at the qualifying session for Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai . The German driver snatched top spot on Saturday with a superb lap of one minute 35.121 seconds , over half a second faster than his nearest rival Lewis Hamilton of McLaren . Mercedes teammate Michael Schumacher finished qualifying in third place . But the seven-time world champion will start from second place in Sunday 's race after the Hamilton incurred a penalty for changing a gearbox which sees him drop down to seventh . Rosber 's emphatic drive is the first time in 110 attempts that the 26-year-old has claimed pole and is the first time since the 1955 Italian Grand Prix that two Mercedes drivers have claimed to the top two qualifying positions . "  It went really well and it 's a very special feeling . It 's fantastic , it all came together . It 's perfect till now so I am very happy . It shows that we are moving forward , " Rosberg said . "  We are not quite where we want to be in the races , but we are progressing . The first two races of the season have not gone too well . We 've not been as good in races as qualifying lately , " he added . Bahrain GP gets green light from FIA But there was little joy for his compatriot and reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel who will start from 11th after failing to make the final qualifying session . The Red Bull driver is struggling to make an impact this season , starting the first two races of the season from seventh which were converted into finishes of 12th and 13th in Australia and Malaysia respectively . His teammate Australia 's Mark Webber fared a bit better in qualifying claiming sixth place on the starting grid . Lewis Hamilton 's demotion means Sauber 's Kamui Kobayashi moves up to third on the grid , ahead of Lotus driver Kimi Raikkonen . McLaren 's Jenson Button will start Sunday 's race from fifth . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso , winner in Malaysia three weeks ago , had a disappointing qualifying session finishing down in ninth with teammate Felipe Massa three places further back .	Nico Rosberg secures first pole position of career at qualifying for Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix Mercedes teammate Michael Schumacher will start from second , Sauber 's Kamui Kobayashi starts third on grid Reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel disappoints in qualifying and starts from 11th
New York  CNN  -- A transit advertisement depicting deceased American journalist James Foley moments before he was beheaded by ISIS was pulled from circulation in New York and San Francisco , according to the attorney representing the organization behind the ads , American Freedom Defense Initiative . The ad , which read in part , "  IT 'S NOT ISLAMOPHOBIA ... IT 'S ISLAMOREALISM , " was intended to launch Monday , appearing on buses and at the entrance of subway stops . David Yerushalmi , the attorney representing the president of American Freedom Defense Initiative , Pamela Geller , said he sent a letter to the Foley family attorney on behalf of his client Sunday in response to a letter from the Foleys ' attorney requesting the ad be pulled . Foley disappeared on November 22 , 2012 , in northwest Syria , near the border with Turkey . At the time of his disappearance , he was working for the U.S.-based online news outlet GlobalPost . The video of his beheading was posted to YouTube on August 19 . Yerushalmi 's letter reads in part : "  As a mother , and one who still feels the pain of the hideous murders of many in her extended family by the Nazis , and with friends in Israel brutally affected by Islamic terrorism as a constant of daily life , Ms. Geller understands and feels intimately the pain your clients are suffering . Neither she nor AFDI wish to add to that pain , even if only tangentially . " James Foley 's final months The letter goes on : "  For this reason , and this reason alone , my clients have reached out as early as this morning to the New York and San Francisco transit authorities ' respective advertising agents to pull the displays depicting the captive Mr. Foley prior to his beheading . " Yerushalmi said the ad was pulled "  as a matter of compassion for the family , " but the rest would remain in circulation . Geller , who is behind the campaign , said the ad featuring Foley is speaking out against jihad terror . "  I am thinking of the family . I 'm thinking of the next victim as well , " Geller told CNN 's Rosa Flores on Wednesday . "  But frankly , I think that that ad does a service to the family to expose the ideology that incites this kind of barbarity . " Diane Foley , James Foley 's mother , said in an email Monday that her family received the letter and "  greatly appreciate the compassionate response . " Foley 's mother ` appalled ' by U.S. government handling of case Ibrahim Hooper , the national communications director for Council on American-Islamic Relations , told Flores , "  These ads are targeted mainly at people who are not Muslims trying to get them to hate Islam and be hostile to Americans Muslims . Despite criticism , Geller said her message is not anti-Muslim , it 's anti-jihad . "  There is nothing in my ads that say Muslim . We oppose jihad , and the idea that it 's anti-Muslim , in my opinion , is a way of detracting from the message , " Geller said Wednesday . One of the ads in circulation reads : "  Islamic Jew-hatred : It 's in the Quran . Stop the hate . " Geller said she believes the Quran ignites jihad . "  There are numerous , numerous , verses ... calling for the annihilation of the nonbeliever . Smite them at their necks . ... Every action is accompanied by an Islamic prayer , " she said . Peter Awn , a religion professor at Columbia University , said , "  to say that the Quran in and of itself is really what guides the choices Muslims make is really naive . " This is not the first time Geller has rattled emotions with edgy campaigns . In 2012 , when the metropolitan transportation authority rejected one of her ads , Geller took her message to federal court and won . The 2012 ad read : "  In any war between the civilized man and the savage , support the civilized man . Support Israel . Defeat Jihad . " All the ads launched Monday in New York have a disclaimer that reads : "  The display of this advertisement does not imply MTA 's endorsement of any views expressed . "	"  IT 'S NOT ISLAMOPHOBIA ... IT 'S ISLAMOREALISM , " ad says It shows photo of Foley just before he was beheaded Creators say they are removing ad only because of Foley family request
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria 's Independent National Electoral Commission is urging would-be voters to turn out for the scheduled voter registration session in January , in hopes for a "  free fair and credible elections in 2011 , " a Commission spokesman said Thursday . "  This reassurance is necessary against the backdrop of the theft of some Direct Data Capture machines at the Lagos airport , " said Kayode Robert Idowu , a Commission spokesman in a press statement . On Tuesday , 20 voting machines were stolen at the Lagos airport , out of a total of 6,000 brought into the country by Zinox Technologies Ltd. , Idowu said . Sixteen machines have been recovered so far and security agents are investigating the case , he said . The equipment , meant for registering voters for the upcoming election in Nigeria , is comprised of laptops and webcams . It was stolen from a clearing point at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport , said Idowu . The equipment was the first consignment ordered to help register voters for the 2011 elections . The presidential election is expected to take place in April 9 . President Goodluck Jonathan , who became president after the death of Umaru Yar ` Adua earlier this year , is running for election to the office . He will be challenged in the primaries by another former vice president of Nigeria . Atiku Abubakar is the consensus candidate put forward by a bloc of leaders from Nigeria 's influential Northern Political Leaders Forum , which announced in September that it would name someone to take on Jonathan in the presidential primaries for the People 's Democratic Party . Abubakar served as vice president under Olusegun Obasanjo from 1999 to 2007 . Under Nigerian "  zoning " rules , power must shift to between regions and ethnic groups every eight years . Jonathan -- who is from the Niger Delta , in the south -- was part of the joint ticket with Yar ` Adua , who was from the north . He was elected in 2007 . Because Jonathan took office after Yar ` Adua 's death in May , the northern leaders say the presidency should rotate back to the north . Jonathan disputes that . Voter registration for the presidential election will be January 15-29 .	Equipment stolen from an airport clearing point The presidential election will be April 9 Former Vice President Atiku Abubakar will challenge President Goodluck Jonathan Most of the equipment has been recovered
CNN  -- Costa Rica 's first female candidate held a two-to-one lead in the country 's presidential election , as the second-place candidate , Otton Solis of the Citizen 's Action Party , conceded defeat . If the PLN -- the Spanish acronym for the ruling National Liberation Party party -- wins , Laura Chinchilla would become the nation 's first female president . Polls showed Chinchilla garnering 47.3 percent of the vote , with 24.9 percent of election sites reporting . Solis had 23.3 percent , while Otto Guevara of the Libertarian Movement had 21.9 percent . Before noon Sunday , all three leading candidates had cast their votes in events broadcast live by local media . If none of the candidates gain 40 percent of the vote , a runoff election will be used to select the next president . In addition to president , Costa Ricans also cast ballots Sunday for two vice presidents , 53 congressmen and 495 councilmen . Video footage showed flag-waving supporters of the main presidential candidates dressed in their respective campaign colors throughout the country . International observers interviewed on CNN affiliate Teletica compared the election scene to a festival . The festivities included election sites where children could vote in a mock presidential vote . The educational outreach let the children pick their candidate on a digital ballot not unlike the ones the rest of the electorate cast their votes with . Some 2.8 million Costa Ricans are eligible to vote . The legacy of outgoing President Oscar Arias -- a Nobel laureate who leaves office a popular , if polarizing leader -- has in many ways shaped the presidential race . Although he has given Costa Rica a larger role in foreign affairs through his involvement in seeking resolution to the political crisis in Honduras , but his style has rubbed some the wrong way . After casting his vote Sunday , Arias called the electoral process transparent and trustworthy . "  I would like to thank the Costa Rican people for filling the streets with color , " he said . CNN 's Roberto Pazos contributed to this report .	NEW : Solis bows out with 23.3 percent of the vote so far NEW : Polls show Chinchilla with 47.3 percent of vote , with a quarter of sites reporting Chinchilla represents ruling National Liberation Party If no one takes 40 percent of the vote , a runoff election will be necessary
CNN  -- Manchester United 's Park Ji-Sung scored twice including an injury-time winner as they beat Wolverhampton Wanderers 2-1 on Saturday to cut Chelsea 's lead at the top of the English Premier League to two points . It was a scarcely convincing performance from United at Old Trafford and the visitors looked to be heading to a deserved point until the South Korean international burst into their penalty area to beat Marcus Hahnemann with a convincing finish . Park had put United ahead in first half injury time only for Sylvan Ebanks-Blake to equalize for Wolves just after the hour mark with a neat turn and shot . The result leaves United with 23 points from 11 games , with leaders Chelsea on 25 from 10 . The reigning champions can re-open a five-point gap with victory over Liverpool at Anfield on Sunday . Third-placed Arsenal will join United on 23 points if they beat promoted Newcastle in another Sunday fixture at the Emirates Stadium . A sour note for Manchester United was the truncated return of England international midfielder Owen Hargreaves , the long-term injury absentee lasting just a few minutes in his first start for two years before he limped off with a hamstring strain . "  It was a long struggle , " manager Alex Ferguson told MUTV . "  Given the changes I had to make , trying to get the continuity of performance was difficult . "  Some players played with touches of flu and others with diarrhoea , so we 've done really well to get a result . " Earlier , Tottenham Hotspur suffered an hangover from their midweek Champions League triumph over Inter Milan as they went down 4-2 at Bolton in the lunchtime kick off . Two goals from Kevin Davies , who would have impressed watching England manager Fabio Capello , including a second half penalty , put them 3-0 up at the Reebok with Greta Steinsson crashing home the second . It was the cue for a belated Tottenham comeback as an Alan Hutton curler and superb volley from Roman Pavlyuchenko cut the deficit to a single goal , only for Martin Petrov to kill the game off in injury time . They move above Tottenham on goal difference into fifth place , with Sunderland , who beat Stoke City 2-0 , also on 15 points . Meanwhile Fulham 's Brete Hangeland headed a 94th-minute equalizer to salvage a 1-1 draw at home to Aston Villa , who are still searching for their first Premier League win since September . Marc Albrighton had put Villa ahead just before halftime . In the Scottish Premier League , Celtic have gone to the top with an amazing 9-0 thrashing of Aberdeen at Parkhead . Anthony Stokes and Gary Hooper both scored hat-tricks in the rout which sees Celtic move two points clear of Rangers in the title race .	Park Ji-Sung scores twice in Manchester United 's 2-1 win over Wolves Korean star grabs winner in added time at Old Trafford Tottenham Hotspur falter with 4-2 defeat at Bolton as Kevin Davies scores double Celtic go top of Scottish Premier League with 9-0 rout of Aberdeen
AUSTIN , Texas  CNN  -- At dusk , stand on the Congress Avenue bridge over Town Lake , the span linking hip downtown to funkier South Austin , and you 'll see it . Austin offers an array of choices for fitness and nightlife . No , not the 1.5 million Mexican free-tailed bats that emerge from crevasses below and fwip-fwip-fwip into the night  although they 're pretty cool -- see them on the way to doing something else and it will be time well spent  . What you 'll see is Austin 's diversity . And I do n't mean yuppies , hippies , hipsters , scenesters , tech geeks , cowboys , students , musicians , politicians or got-more-money-than-sense rich folks , either -- though Austin has 'em all and more . Think Lance Armstrong . Think Willie Nelson . Day people . Night people . Cooling off after a run , perhaps . Or headed downtown . They come together here to witness the bats ' spectacle . Live music capital of the world ? Well , Austin at least has the clubs , dance halls , bar districts and late-night restaurants to keep a night person hopping . But Austin also caters to the early-to-bed , early-to-rise , run-six-miles-before-breakfast person . And , if you think you can , you can run all day and dance all night . Daylight 's burning A swath of wilderness : With no mountains , you would n't think Austin would be a destination for mountain bikers . Well , it 's not Moab , Utah , but it 's not bad . The highlight : The Barton Creek Greenbelt . This strip of green meanders from Zilker Park in the heart of Austin westward for 7.5 miles  with many side trails  , ending at the Hill of Life -- a quarter-mile climb to test your thighs and lungs . The Greenbelt is popular with hikers and wanderers , so it 's best not to crank with abandon , but the wooded straightaways and wet  sometimes  creek crossings make for an enjoyable ride . Ca n't bring your bike ? Rent one at Bicycle Sport Shop , 517 S. Lamar Blvd. . Ten miles downtown : The Town Lake Hike and Bike Trail runs 10.4 miles , mostly along the shores of the Colorado River on the southern border of downtown . There are walkers and easy-going cyclists , but this is also an excellent trail for running and getting a good look at Austin  as well as at other runners  . The western half of the trail is alive with people  and an occasional celebrity  , surrounded by trees . The eastern half involves crossing over Interstate 35 , navigating some neighborhoods and a small stretch along city streets , but offers more solitude and wide-open trail . The soul of Austin : Barton Springs Pool  2101 Barton Springs Road  is three acres of old-school , spring-fed swimming . Open year-round , it 's a jump-in-and-gasp 68 degrees no matter the weather . Nestled in a corner of Zilker Park , surrounded by pecan trees , the pool is often crowded  but seldom overwhelmed  on summer weekends and draws one of the most diverse crowds in Austin . Refueling stations Enchiladas and margaritas : Matt 's El Rancho  2613 S. Lamar Blvd.  is big , busy and well worth the wait . Since 1952 this hot spot has been Austin 's self-proclaimed "  King of Mexican Food . " If they 're not right about that , they 're at least in the royal family . You ca n't get away without trying the Bob Armstrong dip -- think "  super-queso . " Dueling barbecue joints : Whatever you 're looking for in Texas barbecue , you only have to choose between Stubb 's Bar-B-Q  801 Red River St.  and Sam 's Bar-B-Que  2000 E. 12th Street  . Stubb 's was once owned by the late patron saint of barbecue , C.B. Stubblefield . Sam 's was a favorite of the late blues legend Stevie Ray Vaughan . Stubb 's is a restaurant and live music venue . Sam 's is a joint with uneven floors and character . Stubb 's anchors its own entertainment mini-district . Sam 's is definitely outside the tourist zone . Either way , you get a true barbecue experience . Nighttime is the right time Bars , bars , bars : A river of alcohol runs along Austin 's Sixth Street . The current is strongest in the entertainment district between Interstate 35 and Congress Avenue : A cluster of crowded nightspots ranging from the rarified air of the elite Driskill Hotel bar to the Chuggin ' Monkey . Heading west , the river thins out and the scene grows up : There 's Mother Egan 's Irish Pub  715 W. Sixth  , where the Dixie Chicks once ruled the Tuesday night trivia contest . And at the intersection with Lamar Boulevard , there 's Whole Foods ' flagship store -- where you can drink and shop at the same time . Live Music Capital of the World ? You ca n't go anywhere here without seeing some fellow earnestly strumming a guitar . For the best chance at hearing something good , you want to head to a venue known for live music . The Continental Club  1315 S. Congress Ave.  is not just one of Austin 's best , but also in the midst of the South Congress district of fashionable stores , oddball shops and restaurants  try the tacos al pastor at Guero 's Taco Bar -- 1412 S. Congress Ave. Honky-tonk heaven : It 's a tech geek world , but the Broken Spoke  3201 S. Lamar Blvd.  is a refuge for those whose appreciation of cowboy boots and heartbroke country songs is irony-free . The Spoke is the real thing -- no urban cowboy stuff here . Populated by singers such as Dale Watson and Alvin Crow , serving up a mean chicken-fried steak and complete with its own museum of photos from better days , the Broken Spoke looks and feels ... just like it should . E-mail to a friend	Austin , Texas , has clubs and bar districts to keep a night person hopping It also has outdoor activities to please a run-six-miles-before-breakfast person Barbecue , enchiladas and margaritas help visitors refuel
CNN  -- Four Americans were killed in a small plane crash in northwestern Mexico , the president of the volunteer organization Flying Samaritans said Saturday . The plane had been headed on a medical mission in the Mexican state of Baja California and lost radio contact with the ground on Friday afternoon , said Flying Samaritans President Victor Jones . The wreckage of a Beechcraft A36 plane and the bodies of the four volunteers were discovered Saturday "  after an extensive ground , air and water search , " Jones said in a statement Saturday . The wreckage was located in rough terrain about 30 miles south of Ensenada , Mexico -- a city on the Pacific coast -- where the plane had departed Friday afternoon en route to San Quintin , Mexico . Jones said that Mexican authorities found four bodies in the wreckage . Radio contact with the plane was lost shortly after the pilot reported to the Ensenada airport on Friday when it was about 10 miles south of the airport , Jones said . He identified the victims as : James Thornton , a plastic surgeon ; Graciela Sarmiento , a doctor ; Andrew Theil , a non-medical support staffer ; and Roger Lyon , the pilot . Flying Samaritans transports medical and support personnel to clinics in Baja California -- which is just south of California , the American state -- where they provide free medical services and supplies to those who lack medical care . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Radio contact with the plane was lost Friday afternoon Victims are volunteers who were on a medical mission Wreckage and bodies are discovered in northwestern Mexico
BUNNELL , Florida  CNN  -- Faith Coleman had no health insurance when she learned she had cancer , but she describes her battle with the illness as "  one of the absolute greatest blessings " of her life . Faith Coleman 's ordeal as an uninsured cancer patient drove her to help others without health insurance . "  Having kidney cancer was one of the best things that ever happened to me ... because I can truly empathize with patients , " said Coleman , 54 . That compassion inspired Coleman to open a free clinic in her Florida community to help other uninsured people in need of medical care . In July 2003 , Coleman , a nurse practitioner , learned she had a malignant tumor growing on her right kidney . But as a contract worker for several doctors , she did not receive health insurance . Coleman 's treatment totaled about $ 35,000 , and she was forced to take out a mortgage on her house to help pay for it . "  I -LSB- fell -RSB- through the crack ... and I -LSB- had -RSB- a great job and a good education , " said Coleman , a mother of six . Realizing that her financial and health woes were not unique , Coleman -- now in remission -- became determined to help those in similar situations access medical treatment . "  I have been given another chance , and I felt that it was important for me to make a difference and to help other people , " she said . So after her recovery in 2004 , Coleman approached Dr. John Canakaris . The local physician with 60 years of experience had been treating the indigent population for years . Canakaris was eager to reach more patients in need . The two worked together to establish the Flagler County Free Clinic in Bunnell , Florida , which provides medical care for the uninsured . It has treated more than 6,700 patients . The clinic opened its doors in February 2005 , with eight volunteers treating eight patients . Since then , it has expanded to 120 volunteers who see about 80 patients every other weekend . Coleman said she 's seen an increase in the number of patients at the clinic , which serves people who meet federal poverty guidelines . "  If you see 100 cars in the parking lot , that 's us ! " Coleman said , describing how she tells people the way to find the clinic . "  We have what I call ` controlled chaos . ' It 's just busy , busy , busy , go , go , go . " Watch the "  controlled chaos " at the clinic " Health insurance : ` Nebulous , fairy-like thing ' Flagler County has a 15.5 percent unemployment rate -- the highest in Florida -- according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . Living without medical insurance often is the only way for some local struggling families to make ends meet , Coleman said . "  When your health insurance -LSB- premium -RSB- is the same or more than your mortgage payment on your home , which one do you think they 're going to choose ? " Coleman asked . "  They have to live . They have to eat . Insurance becomes the nebulous fairy-like thing that 's flying around out here . It would be nice to have because it 's silver and shiny and pretty , but it 's too expensive to hold on to . So it has to go , " she said . The clinic , which operates out of a building donated by Canakaris and other doctors for use on the weekends , is not affiliated with any hospitals , Coleman said . The local Rotary Club , churches and private contributions help fund the operation . In addition , physicians volunteer to see patients recommended by the clinic , and an imaging center donates two X-rays and two CAT scans per month . Coleman says she and her team generally treat common illnesses like diabetes , hypertension and other chronic diseases , but adds "  we 've also found a lot of cancers . " Many diagnoses have led to life-saving treatments . Watch Coleman interact with patients at her clinic " "  I had this lump growing in my throat on the right side and it just kept getting bigger and bigger , and I did n't have any insurance , " said Franklin Dias , a cancer survivor . "  Ms. Coleman called in one of her buddies who said this is an emergency ... -LSB- then -RSB- I was in the hospital . " Today , Dias is cancer-free . And to show his appreciation of the clinic , he bakes . "  I paid them in banana bread , zucchini bread , pumpkin bread , " Dias said . Emilio Viera , a Cuban immigrant , also credits Coleman with saving his life . "  She was perfect , she was precise , she was accurate , " said Viera . "  I 'll be very grateful all my life to Ms. Coleman . She 's ` Faith , ' and when you have five minutes with her she makes you have faith . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Flagler County Free Clinic and see how to help .	Faith Coleman was uninsured when she found out she had kidney cancer Her experience inspired her to help others with similar financial , health issues She co-founded a free clinic in Florida to help the uninsured access health care
CNN  Australia 's Queensland coast continued to be lashed by heavy rain and winds exceeding 250 kilometers per hour  155 mph  Friday , despite Tropical Cyclone Marcia being downgraded to a Category 4 storm . Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk warned the storm remained "  very serious " and urged the public in affected areas to remain indoors amid the threat of flooding and high winds , which have brought down trees and caused some damage to homes . During a press conference , she said the storm system was now moving south along the coast from the town of Yeppoon towards Rockhampton , which lies 595 kilometers  370 miles  north of Brisbane , the state capital . Around 33,000 households in the area are now without power , she said , warning that this number was likely to grow as the day progresses . "  It is still a dangerous cyclone . We are heartened that it has reduced from a  Category  five to a four , but ... it is heading towards Rockhampton , a heavily populated regional town in Queensland , and we want everyone to be safe . So stay in doors , " Palaszczuk said . Queensland 's Bureau of Meteorology said the Yeppoon area , where some 800 people were forced into temporary shelters , had seen the most "  destructive winds " after the storm made landfall at around 8 a.m. Friday  5 p.m. ET Thursday  . But it said the winds would weaken further by the time it reached Rockhampton -- though Category 3 winds in excess of 100 kph  62 mph  were still destructive . Along the coast , the storm brought higher than normal tides and dangerous surf conditions . Chris Campey , a video journalist for the CNN affiliate , described the ocean waves as "  intimidating . " Seven News reporter Tom Hartley posted a video that showed winds whipping through palm trees as heavy rains pelted Rosslyn Bay . CNN 's Gena Somra , Pierre Meilhan and Bobby Afshar contributed to this report .	Storm makes landfall around 8 a.m. Friday Queensland 's Bureau of Meteorology warns that "  very destructive winds " were on the way State premier says storm has weakened but remains very serious
Washington  CNN  -- With South Dakota Democrat Tim Johnson 's announcement this week that he will not seek re-election this year , the recent string of Senate retirements has the political class debating whether Republicans have a real shot at taking control of the upper chamber . But this biennial parlor game overlooks a stunning dynamic that has been developing on Capitol Hill over the past decade : massive turnover . Think back to late 2004 , when a young hotshot from Illinois had just been elected to the Senate . National TV appearances led to obvious questions about his future political plans , but the senator-elect joked that he would finish out a full term , considering he was entering the upper chamber as its 99th-ranking member . Consider this : â $ cents If Barack Obama had stayed in the Senate , he would be ranked 46th today . Given all the retirements that have been announced for the 2014 election cycle , he 'd be ranked at least as high as 39th -- and maybe higher -- in early 2015 . In other words , he would have taken a giant leap in seniority had he waited until 2016 to run for president . â $ cents Only 32 current senators were in office in 2001 for the September 11 attacks . That number will shrink to 28 -- perhaps even lower -- when the next Congress convenes in early 2015 . â $ cents Since the Republicans last had the Senate majority headed into the 2006 midterm elections , 54 new senators have joined the chamber .  Fifteen new members have been sworn in since last fall 's election ; 14 new members joined after the 2010 election and another 15 after the 2008 election . There were 12 new senators as of the 2006 elections -- and 11 of those remain . Virginia Democrat Jim Webb served just one term and was succeeded by Democrat Tim Kaine . A few lions of the Senate remain , like Vermont Democrat Patrick Leahy . The Senate 's most-senior member has served 38 years . But so many of his contemporaries have left the building . This year , West Virginia Democrat John Rockefeller , New Jersey Democrat Frank Lautenberg and Iowa Democrat Tom Harkin decided to call it quits after 30 years each . Michigan Democrat Carl Levin , who is also not seeking re-election next year , will have 36 years of Senate service to his name when his successor takes office in early 2015 . Senate passes its first budget proposal in four years Last cycle , it was North Dakota 's Kent Conrad  D  , Indiana 's Richard Lugar  R  , New Mexico 's Jeff Bingaman  D  and Wisconsin 's Herb Kohl  D  , among many more . In recent years , the Senate has lost Edward Kennedy , Robert Byrd , Daniel Inouye and Craig Thomas to death in office . Other long-time senators like Joe Biden and John Kerry have moved to the executive branch . Consequently , a much different Senate is emerging . The first Japanese-American woman , Mazie Hirono , and the first openly gay woman , Tammy Baldwin , joined the Senate this year . The country 's most exclusive club boasts a record number of women , 20 ; a Cuban-American Republican and an African-American Republican both in their 40s ; and a growing number of senators with young children  and who still are many years away from grandchildren  . Another case in point : If a Democrat succeeds Lautenberg in deep-blue New Jersey , it could be Newark Mayor Cory Booker , who is running for the open seat . Lautenberg at 89 years old is more than twice the age of Booker , who is 43 . And on the other side of the aisle , aggressive conservatives are shaking things up , too . Already running for Johnson 's seat in South Dakota is 58-year-old Republican Gov. Mike Rounds . But the Senate Conservatives Fund blasted Rounds on Tuesday for not being conservative enough . Republican campaign sources say the group has met with Republican Rep. Kristi Noem to recruit her into the race instead . Noem , a 41-year-old mother of three , is quietly considering the race . Of course , Democrats have their own younger options , like former Rep. Stephanie Herseth Sandlin , 42 ; or Johnson 's son , U.S. attorney Brendan Johnson , 38 . Even though party leaders on both sides of the aisle like to keep retirements each cycle to a minimum , Democratic operatives say they 're not disappointed in the predicament this year , because those with access to early polling data in states like West Virginia and South Dakota say some of the younger , newer faces in those states are polling better against potential Republican opponents than the veteran senators did . Senate Historian Donald Ritchie says that overall , the trend is a cyclical one , but he acknowledges that the current dynamic stands out . "  We have 45 senators serving in their first six-year term , " he said . "  It 's quite remarkable . It 's the largest turnover we 've had since the late 1970s . " Ritchie remembers a long list of retirements in 1976 and 1978 , followed by a rout of veteran senators in 1980 . "  This is a very personality-driven institution , " he said . "  When you change some of these larger-than-life personalities , it really changes the place . " Ritchie expects that some of the newer members will become veteran , seasoned members in time for a new generation , but he conceded that the brain drain in the upper chamber does infringe on some of the important expertise . Indeed , according to a handful of experienced Washingtonians who have worked in and around the Senate , the heavy turnover cuts both ways . Leadership aides close to Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell say that he and some of his staff believe there 's more energy in the upper chamber now and more of a willingness to fight for causes . Despite some of the nostalgia surrounding some of the old bulls who were more comfortable compromising and cutting deals , they believe the GOP conference is working harder than ever . Democratic Senate aides say a positive outcome of the Senate 's changing face is that Americans may now find them more relatable . And it makes the tough task of recruiting new candidates easier with a diverse caucus because more potential recruits can actually see themselves in the Senate . Bob Stevenson , a Republican , and Jim Manley , a Democrat , were longtime and highly influential staffers within the Senate leadership . Warner joins fellow senators supporting same-sex marriage Both harbor typical complaints about the opposing party , but they both long for the days of compromise , when some of the younger , newer members respected their elders . "  Making the Senate work requires cooperation and compromise , " Stevenson said . "  Deal-making and compromise have never been ` easy , ' but the leaders forced it on the rank-and-file . Not as much today . " Stevenson , who advised former Republican majority leader Bill Frist , continued , "  Sharp division in the country and ` compromise equals weakness ' is reflected in the younger members . Great political strategy but not conducive to governing . " Manley advised the first Democratic majority leader after Frist , Harry Reid . Now outside the Senate , he complained about some of the same things : that the massive turnover also means a loss of institutional knowledge . "  There 's no one to negotiate with in the House with a Republican caucus full of tea party types , " he said . "  After 21 years in the Senate , I 've come reluctantly to the conclusion that the process on Capitol Hill is broken . " Manley continued , "  Times have changed , and the Senate 's changed . It 's the influx of new members from the House that brought all the bad habits they developed in the House . " And citing Texas Republican Ted Cruz , he said , "  This is a potent group of freshmen who have no respect for the Senate as an institution , who would rather burn the place down so they can remake it again . "	With departures of long-serving members , a new Senate is emerging First Japanese-American woman and first openly gay woman joined Senate this year Record number of women now serve and growing number of senators have young children Aggressive conservatives are shaking up makeup of Republican side of the aisle
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- Concerns were growing Wednesday for a polar bear born last month at a German zoo after its twin died and was possibly eaten by its mother . One year ago Vera gave birth to Flocke , pictured here playing in her enclosure in April . The young polar bear died Monday , less than two weeks after it was born , Nuremberg Zoo said . The surviving twin was doing well , the zoo said , but added that it was concerned the mother may not be able to care for it properly . Zookeepers watching a video feed from the bears ' enclosure said they had noticed the baby bear looking thinner and weaker . They saw the bears ' mother , Vera , nudging the dead bear with her nose and observing it -- and as of Wednesday , they said , the dead bear was nowhere to be seen . "  It is very , very sad , " said zoo director Dag Encke . "  it is unfortunately frequently the case that with twins , one of the animals does n't survive . " Zookeepers had kept their distance from Vera and her babies , watching them only on camera so as not to make the mother feel threatened . Polar bears are known to eat their young if they sense any danger or interference . "  We have to worry more about the surviving young animal and take care that the polar bear with her baby is not disturbed , " Encke said . "  So far , Vera is caring for the surviving baby in an exemplary way . " One year ago Vera gave birth to Flocke , who became an instant celebrity across Germany . Flocke 's first birthday is Thursday .	German zookeepers concerned for baby polar bear after its twin died Young polar bear died Monday , less than two weeks after it was born Baby nowhere to be found in enclosure ; mothers often eat young if sense danger
Director-choreographer Adam Shankman has entered a rehab facility , but no details have been made public about what treatment he is seeking . A representative for the "  Hairspray " director and "  So You Think You Can Dance " judge confirmed to CNN Tuesday that he was admitted to an undisclosed rehabilitation facility . His last posting on Twitter came Monday when Shankman posted a red carpet photo with "  Glee " stars Jane Lynch and Darren Criss , along with singer Adam Lambert . The photo was taken Sunday night at the Trevor Live charity event in Hollywood . Shankman , 49 , has three "  Glee " episodes on his directing resume . His film directing credits include "  Rock of Ages , " "  The Wedding Planner " and "  A Walk to Remember . " He joined the Fox Network 's "  So You Think You Can Dance " show as a judge in season three .	Shankman films include "  Hairspray , " "  Rock of Ages , "  The Wedding Planner " He appeared at a charity red carpet event Sunday before entering rehab Monday Shankman is also a judge on "  So You Think You Can Dance ? "
CNN  -- Almost six months after Japan 's women gave the country a much-needed boost by winning the football World Cup , the team was again celebrating after scooping a hat-trick of prestigious awards . At a ceremony in Zurich , Switzerland late Monday , Homare Sawa was crowned FIFA Women 's World Player of the Year after she captained Japan to the Women 's World Cup title in Germany , while her manager Norio Sasaki was named coach of the year . "  I could n't comprehend it when my name was called , " Sawa told reporters Tuesday . "  I felt like I was in a dream , just like the World Cup . There are so many great players out there . It was an unimaginable moment , walking up to the podium , being among all those people . " Japan 's Football Association also picked up the FIFA Fair Play Award in recognition of the hardships the country endured following the earthquake and tsunami that devastated large parts of Japan on March 11 last year . Team skipper Sawa , dressed in a traditional kimono , was joined on stage by JFA president Junji Ogura to receive the accolade . "  It 's a great honor for JFA to receive such a prestigious award from FIFA , " said Ogura . "  We will do our best to continue to prepare in our activities . We are very proud in this award . " Japan 's surprise victory in Germany in July last year denied the much-fancied U.S. team a record third title . They even battled back twice after going a goal behind . But even as the team progressed through the competition against the odds , it became about more than just football or a trophy . Their exploits were inspiring a country that had suffered so much . "  After the disaster , the whole country was in the spirit of trying their best . What we saw was the soul of Japan , " one fan , Yasushi Tsuha , told CNN after watching the match at a Tokyo bar . Despite the fact the game kicked off at almost 4 a.m. local time , men and women flocked to watch the game . By the end of the epic clash , there were few dry eyes in the bar as the victorious Japanese players lifted the World Cup trophy for the first time . They were overcome with emotion and pride in a team that few knew anything about before this competition . "  When I see women like me giving so much spirit , it gives me energy to keep going in my daily life , " said another fan Ayako Nishi . The national team left Japan bound for the tournament with little fanfare . A month later , they were swamped by jubilant fans as they arrived back at Tokyo 's Narita airport as national heroes . Their success looks likely to continue in 2012 , after the Nadeshiko qualified comfortably for the Olympic Games in London later this summer .	Japan captain Homare Sawa is crowned FIFA Women 's World Player of the Year Norio Sasaki is named coach of the year , while Japan 's FA takes Fair Play award Japan 's World Cup win lauded after devastation of March 11 earthquake and tsunami Japan beat favorites the United States in the World Cup final in Germany in July
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate sergeant at arms has ordered a review of all websites associated with the chamber after an intruder hacked into the server that supports Senate.gov over the weekend . "  Senate sergeant at arms staff traced the source of the access to a vulnerability in a portion of the website that is maintained by an individual Senate office , and immediately took steps to remove the vulnerability , " Sergeant at Arms Martina Bradford said in a statement Monday . Despite the intrusion , no user account information was compromised , Bradford said , noting that whoever hacked into the server "  was only able to read and determine the directory structure of the files placed on Senate.gov . " The server accessed contained only files intended for public consumption , she said . Bradford and her team are conducting a review of all the websites hosted by Senate.gov and are urging individual offices that maintain some of those sites to take steps to enhance their security . Bradford 's statement did n't identify who or what may have been behind the hacking . The Department of Homeland Security 's Computer Emergency Readiness team is working with the Senate and other law enforcement authorities to investigate and analyze the incident , DHS spokesman Chris Ortman said . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	No user account information was compromised , Senate sergeant at arms says The server accessed contained only files intended for public consumption The vulnerability in the system that allowed the intrusion has been fixed
James Gandolfini , best known for his role as an anxiety-ridden mob boss on HBO 's "  The Sopranos , " died Wednesday while on vacation in Italy . He was 51 . The exact cause of death is not known , but his managers said it was possibly a heart attack . His body is in a hospital morgue in Rome . Once the U.S. Embassy issues a death certificate , Gandolfini 's remains can be returned to the United States . "  It is with immense sorrow that we report our client , James Gandolfini , passed away today while on holiday in Rome , Italy , " managers Mark Armstrong and Nancy Sanders said in a joint statement . "  Our hearts are shattered and we will miss him deeply . He and his family were part of our family for many years and we are all grieving . " The actor had been scheduled to make an appearance at the Taormina Film Fest in Sicily this week . Gandolfini won three Emmy Awards for his portrayal of Tony Soprano , the angst-wracked mob boss who visited a therapist and took Prozac while knocking off people . "  The Sopranos " aired from 1999 to 2007 . Share your memories Edie Falco , the actress who played Tony 's wife Carmela , said she was "  shocked and devastated " by the news . "  He was a man of tremendous depth and sensitivity , with a kindness and generosity beyond words . I consider myself very lucky to have spent 10 years as his close colleague . My heart goes out to his family , " Falco said in a statement Thursday . "  The love between Tony and Carmela was one of the greatest I 've ever known . " "  Jimmy was the spiritual core of our Sopranos family , and I am stunned at this devastating loss , " said Chris Albrecht , the former president of HBO who gave the green light to the show . "  He was a great talent , but an even better man . My thoughts are with his family . " HBO is owned by TimeWarner , which is also CNN 's parent company . Actor Steve Van Zandt , who played Tony Soprano 's confidant Silvio Dante , felt equally close to Gandolfini in real life . "  I have lost a brother and a best friend , " he posted on Twitter . "  The world has lost one of the greatest actors of all time . " Gandolfini was born September 18 , 1961 , in Westwood , New Jersey , according to Biography.com . He graduated from Rutgers University and , as the story goes , worked as a bartender and a bouncer in New York City until he went with a friend to an acting class . He got his start on Broadway , with a role in the 1992 revival of "  A Streetcar Named Desire " with Jessica Lange and Alec Baldwin . Entertainers , politicians mourn Gandolfini Gandolfini 's big screen debut came in the role of a heavy in the bloody "  True Romance " in 1993 . His breakthrough on the small screen came in 1999 with the role of Tony Soprano . "  He was a genius . Anyone who saw him even in the smallest of his performances knows that , " David Chase , who developed "  The Sopranos , " said in a statement . " ... A great deal of that genius resided in those sad eyes . " Gandolfini , who was notoriously press shy , had a reputation in the tabloids for being sometimes difficult . "  He was n't easy sometimes . But he was my partner , he was my brother in ways I ca n't explain and never will be able to explain , " Chase said . ` Sopranos , ' Gandolfini left mark on N.J. businesses While Gandolfini was known for sometimes ruthless , often imposing characters , those who worked with him described an actor who put his heart into a role . "  He was just so good at the emotion . A very passionate man and a very , very tender man , " Matthew Warchus , who directed Gandolfini in the 2009 Broadway play "  God of Carnage , " told CNN . "  I really loved him and admired him a great deal . " Larry King , who saw Gandolfini in Las Vegas just weeks ago , told CNN the actor was "  jovial and seemed happy . " "  He stamped himself in ` The Sopranos ' so much , people have overlooked his many diversified roles he 's performed , " King said . "  He was a very diverse character actor , who became a star . " IReporter Shana O'Neil worked in an office , where Gandolfini was shooting in 1994 . She remembers him as "  Jersey through and through " with a great smile . "  I just always think of him as that guy . " His Sopranos fame , she said , changed nothing about the way she remembers him . Best quotes from the mouth of Tony Soprano Gandolfini 's acting credits included roles in "  The Last Castle " with Robert Redford , "  The Mexican " with Brad Pitt and Julia Roberts , and "  Surviving Christmas " with Ben Affleck . In recent years , he had starred in several movies , including the Oscar-nominated "  Zero Dark Thirty , " "  The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 " and "  Killing Them Softly . " Gandolfini was also known to children , voicing Carol , a wild thing , in the 2009 movie adaptation of Maurice Sendak 's classic "  Where the Wild Things Are . " He took to the stage to do a reading of Sendak 's "  In The Night Kitchen " to mark the author 's 80th birthday . News of the actor 's death spread quickly , drawing shock and sadness from those who had worked with him . "  James Gandolfini was a kind , funny , wonderful guy . I 'm so lucky to have worked with him . Sending love to his family . Such a sad , sad day , " Olivia Wilde , who starred with the actor in "  The Incredible Burt Wonderstone , " said in a post on Twitter . Gandolfini lives on in collectibles Actor Steve Carell of "  Office " fame , who also appeared in "  Wonderstone " , simply said on Twitter : "  James Gandolfini . What a great loss . " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie described himself as a "  huge fan " of Gandolfini . "  It 's an awful shock . James Gandolfini was a fine actor , a Rutgers alum and a true Jersey guy , " he said . If his managers are right , and he died of a heart attack , it struck much too early , said CNN 's chief medical correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta . "  The  average age of someone having a first heart attack -- if this is in fact what we 're talking about -- is usually in the mid-60s , " he said . Risk factors such as smoking , lack of exercise , obesity and high cholesterol can lower the age range significantly , according to Gupta . Gandolfini is survived by his wife , Deborah , and their 9-month-old daughter , Liliana . He is also survived by a son , Michael , from another marriage . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Edie Falco , who played Tony Soprano 's wife , is "  shocked and devastated " James Gandolfini won three Emmy Awards for his role as Tony Soprano He was scheduled to appear at the Taormino Film Fest in Sicily He is survived by his wife , a daughter and a son
CNN  -- When doctors had to remove Aaron Loy 's lower legs in November after he contracted meningococcal disease , his parents hoped students at his university would receive protection against it . So far , they 're still waiting . Loy , a promising lacrosse and soccer player at the University of California Santa Barbara  UCSB  , was the victim of an outbreak of meningococcal disease , a bacterial infection that causes bloodstream infections and meningitis . Meanwhile , across the country at Princeton , eight cases of meningitis B were reported last year . Princeton was given special permission to use a new vaccine . Four meningococcal disease cases were reported at UCSB , but the vaccine is not being used there . Some of the UCSB cases were caused by type B bacteria , the same strain as at Princeton , although officials found no link between the two outbreaks . European , Canadian and Australian students have access to a meningitis B vaccine called Bexsero , but the Food and Drug Administration still has n't approved it for routine use in the United States . Loy 's parents hope that will change . "  It 's absolutely devastating to have Aaron , in the prime of his life , be stricken " with the disease , Mike Loy said previously . "  We hope that Aaron 's horrific illness brings increased awareness and rapid approval by the FDA of the vaccine " for the type B strain . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention sent a team of scientists to study the outbreak in California in December . It recently amended a letter it wrote to the FDA to get special permission to use the unlicensed vaccine to include UCSB students , but permission has not yet been granted . "  You do n't go online and order 10,000 doses and get next-day delivery of this vaccine , " said Dr. Tom Clark , chief of the CDC 's meningitis branch . "  It takes time . " Fortunately , he said , a meningitis B outbreak moves more slowly than others . "  It smolders . You have a bit more time to get everything in place . " 8th case of meningitis confirmed at Princeton In December , the FDA agreed to the CDC 's request to give Princeton special permission to bring the vaccine over from Europe to protect its students . The CDC had been carefully monitoring the Princeton cases since the first couple of students had been diagnosed about nine months before . Meningitis B outbreaks are rare but can be deadly , according to the CDC . In 2012 , there were 480 cases of bacterial meningitis ; some 160 of those were group B , the agency said . There 's an approved vaccine for other types of meningitis . There is none for group B , which is the one the CDC describes as "  pack  ing  the most powerful punch . " College dorms are perfect breeding grounds for an outbreak . This infection of the protective tissue around the spinal cord and brain called the meninges can spread when someone coughs or sneezes . It can spread if people forget to wash their hands or belongings , or through sharing a glass or a kiss . Excessive alcohol use leaves people susceptible to it . And it 's tricky , because students who get sick with it may think they merely have flu . Patients experience flu-like symptoms : fever , headache , stiff necks , vomiting and delirium . But if the bacteria spreads to the meninges , patients can suffer hearing loss , permanent neurological damage , and even death . Novartis , the Swiss company that makes the group B vaccine , declined CNN 's interview request , but confirmed it is working with the FDA for approval . A press release on its website from December said : "  Over the last few weeks , we have been working closely with officials at Princeton and the CDC to put in place a timely and decisive response to the outbreak . This situation serves as a reminder that MenB can strike anyone at any time . " Novartis successfully tested the vaccine on almost 8,000 infants , children , adolescents and adults . That qualified the vaccine for a license in European Union last January . Australia approved it in August , and Canada in December . In an e-mail to CNN , the FDA explained it is kept from legally "  discussing investigational drug applications . " However , the fact that the vaccine has n't been approved yet has been criticized by at least one former FDA scientist . "  The FDA 's demands are excessive , " said Dr. Henry Miller , the Robert Wesson Fellow in Scientific Philosophy and Public Policy at the conservative Hoover Institution at Stanford University . Miller spent 15 years at the FDA and founded its office of biotechnology . He has written extensively about his belief that the FDA has gotten "  fanatically risk-averse . " In the past five years , the FDA has approved only a couple of new vaccines on average every year . But a 2012 study in the New England Journal of Medicine found that the FDA review time is comparatively faster than Europe 's or Canada 's . Miller believes the California students could have been vaccinated by now if the FDA had granted accelerated approval . Accelerated approval means the FDA would temporarily allow U.S. use of the vaccine without this extra step involving the CDC letter requesting special permission . Accelerated approval , he said , still leaves the FDA a legal mechanism to withdraw the vaccine . Meningitis outbreak : California students wait for vaccine "  The FDA should have negotiated in good faith for reciprocity with their foreign counterparts , " Miller said . Dr. David Gortler , a former FDA senior medical officer and FDA regulatory expert , said vaccine approvals generally require special caution . "  When our FDA gives its approval to a drug , this is the gold standard for drug approval in the world , " said Gortler , who is now an associate professor of pharmacology and medicine at Georgetown University . If a drug is going to be approved in the United States , he said , there should be "  no room for doubt of its clear safety and efficacy . " Gortler points to the 1960 's Thalidomide scandal as the primary example of why the FDA 's strict standards are essential . The morning sickness drug had been approved in the United Kingdom and in Europe , but pregnant women who took Thalidomide had babies with severe birth defects . In the FDA 's careful review of the drug , medical officer Dr. Frances Kelsey discovered Thalidomide had never been tested on pregnant animals . Her discovery and her agency 's refusal to approve it averted a major public health catastrophe in America . The FDA 's drug and vaccine approval process is exhaustive . Pharmaceutical companies spend hundreds of millions of dollars on testing that can take several years . Scientists must prove vaccines are safe and effective in the lab , in animal tests , and then in larger and larger groups of humans . The companies send the FDA test results throughout the testing phase . Before digital records , Gortler said it took more than one loaded 18-wheeler of paperwork for the FDA review . "  It 's not an easy process to review such voluminous amounts of data , while simultaneously being mindful to enforce the heavy federal regulations concerning new drug approval in the USA , " Gortler said . The FDA is still reviewing the results for the meningitis B vaccine . Novartis , meanwhile , said on its website it is "  committed to continuing the dialogue with the FDA to find a licensure pathway to bring a MenB vaccine to the U.S. to fulfill this unmet public health need for the future . "	A meningitis B outbreak hit students at Princeton and UCSB Princeton students got special permission to get unlicensed vaccine , UCSB 's still waiting Vaccine approval is a complicated and time-consuming process
CNN  -- World champion Casey Stoner has given himself the perfect chance to return to the top of the MotoGP standings after qualifying in pole position for Sunday 's Portuguese Grand Prix . The Australian set the fastest time of one minute 37.188 seconds at Estoril on Saturday to head off Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa and British rider Cal Crutchlow . It was Stoner 's second pole position this season and the 35th of his top-level motorcycling career as he bids to close the four-point gap on series leader Jorge Lorenzo . The Spaniard failed to qualify on the front row of the grid at the circuit for the first time in his career , with Yamaha 's 2010 world champion finishing fourth fastest ahead of American teammate Ben Spies and San Carlo Honda Gresini 's Alvaro Bautista . Crutchlow 's Monster Yamaha Tech 3 teammate Andrea Dovizioso headed the third row in seventh ahead of Pramac Racing 's Hector Barbera , who finished in front of seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi to be the top Ducati rider . Rossi 's Ducati teammate Nicky Hayden was 10th , with the American failing to follow up his third-place qualifying effort at the last race in Spain . Stoner won that event in Jerez , having started fifth on the grid , but finished third in the season opener in Qatar despite claiming pole position . Saturday 's session was marred when French rider Randy de Puniet crashed into Colin Edwards , leaving the 38-year-old American with a broken collarbone .	Casey Stoner will start first on the grid for Sunday 's MotoGP race at Estoril World champion sets the fastest time in Saturday 's qualifying session Australian heads a front row of teammate Dani Pedrosa and Cal Crutchlow Championship leader Jorge Lorenzo is fourth while Valentino Rossi is ninth
Washington  CNN  -- A pre-dawn raid by elite U.S. forces in southern Somalia , in the heart of territory controlled by the al Qaeda subsidiary Al-Shabaab , targeted an Al-Shabaab commander connected to one of the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings , a senior Obama administration official said Sunday . The suspected foreign fighter commander is named Ikrima , a Kenyan of Somali origin about whom little is known . The official said Ikrima is associated with two now-deceased al Qaeda operatives who played roles in the 1998 bombing of the U.S. embassy in Nairobi , Kenya , and the 2002 attacks on a hotel and airline in Mombasa , also in Kenya . A recent Kenyan intelligence report alleged that Ikrima was behind several foiled terror conspiracies against targets in Kenya between 2011 and 2013 . The most recent was a plot to attack Mandera Airport in Kenya 's North Eastern province in April . Kenyan officials said last year that Ikrima had a significant role in recruiting and training Kenyans in Al-Shabaab . He is thought to have been a close associate of Saleh Ali Nabhan , a fellow Kenyan and senior al Qaeda operative in east Africa , who was killed by U.S. forces in 2009 in Somalia . He is thought to have been a close associate of the Saleh Ali Nabhan , a fellow Kenyan and senior al Qaeda operative in east Africa , who was believed to have been connected to the embassy attacks .  Ali Nabhan was killed by U.S. forces in 2009 in Somalia . Ikrima also appears to be close to Al-Shabaab leader Mukhtar Abu Zubayr , who also goes by Ahmed Abdi Godane . How the raid happened U.S. Navy SEAL members traveled by sea to reach the coastal villa frequented by top Al-Shabaab commanders , storming the house early Saturday . Until Sunday , no U.S. official disclosed the target of the raid . The SEALs ' mission did n't go as planned , however . The U.S. commandos encountered heavy fire and had to withdraw , not knowing whether their target was dead or alive . Al-Shabaab is the U.S.-designated terrorist group that claimed responsibility for last month 's siege on a Kenyan shopping mall that killed 67 people . Residents of the port city of Barawe said the home belonged to Al-Shabaab leader Mukhtar Abu Zubayr , also known as Ahmed Abdi Godane . An Al-Shabaab spokesman had said Godane was the target of the attack . The group said one of its fighters was killed in the attack . No SEAL members were killed or hurt , a U.S. official said . It was one of two raids carried out by elite U.S. forces in Africa on Saturday against targets connected to the 1998 embassy bombing in Nairobi . The other was an operation in Tripoli , Libya , by the U.S. Army Delta Force against Abu Anas al Libi , indicted in the United States for helping to plan the Nairobi embassy attack . Delta Force members captured al Libi , who will eventually be taken to New York to face federal charges . In the 2002 attacks , three suicide bombers detonated a car bomb outside the Israeli-owned Paradise Hotel in Mombasa , killing the bombers as well as 12 Kenyans and three Israelis . The same morning , a missile attack unsuccessfully targeted an Israeli airliner taking off from Mombasa 's airport . Al Qaeda claimed responsibility for both Mombasa attacks . U.S. forces strike in Libya , Somalia , capture al Qaeda operative ` Most wanted terrorist ' al Libi nabbed in native Libya Witness accounts Residents of the port city of Barawe said about a dozen "  foreign forces " went from a nearby warship to a smaller , faster boat before jumping onto the Somali mainland . Before long , the sounds of heavy gunfire and several large explosions echoed across the city , locals said . After coming under fire , the U.S. forces -- members of the Navy special forces unit known as SEAL Team Six , the same unit that killed Osama bin Laden in 2011 -- made a "  prudent decision " to pull back , a senior U.S. official said . Barawe "  is a main center , if not the center " for Al-Shabaab , said Matt Bryden , the former head of the U.N. Monitoring Group on Somalia and Eritrea . "  It 's a big source of revenue for them . It allows for trade , " said Bryden , now the director of a Kenya-based think tank , Sahan Research . They "  fully control the town " and hold large exercises on the beach , including target practice and even sack races . Once a tourist destination , the city is now an important port for charcoal , a common fuel in Somalia , Bryden said . That makes it a revenue source for the jihadists , with the charcoal trade bringing in as much as $ 25 million a year to Al-Shabaab , the United Nations estimated in July . Al-Shabaab 's growing menace Al-Shabaab , designated a terrorist organization by the United States , has a relationship with al Qaeda that goes back several years . Last year , the two groups effectively merged , said CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen . Bergen : How Al-Shabaab picks its targets Al-Shabaab hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state but has launched attacks in other countries as well . In 2010 , Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for two suicide bombings carried out in Kampala , Uganda , amid crowds of soccer fans watching televised screenings of the World Cup final . The bombings left 74 people dead . The group said at the time the attacks were retaliation for Ugandan participation in the African Union Mission in Somalia , known as AMISOM . One AMISOM goal is to support Somali government forces in cracking down on Al-Shabaab . Al-Shabaab has also mounted many smaller attacks against targets in Kenya , hurling hand grenades into nightclubs , restaurants and schools . The group has also kidnapped tourists and aid workers . Its attack on the Westgate mall in Kenya on September 21 killed at least 67 people . Al-Shabaab said the attack was retaliation for Kenya 's involvement in the African Union effort against the group . In recent months , Al-Shabaab 's haven in south-central Somalia has been been increasingly squeezed as Kenyan forces fight the group from the south and African Union forces come down from Mogadishu , the Somali capital . Journalist Omar Nor contributed to this report from Mogadishu , Somalia ; CNN 's Tim Lister , Nima Elbagir , Holly Yan , Emma Lacey-Bordeaux , Melissa Gray and Greg Botelho also contributed to this report .	NEW : Kenyan officials said Ikrima helped recruit Kenyans into Al-Shabaab The raid was led by members of SEAL Team Six , the unit that killed Osama bin Laden The SEALs withdrew because they came under fire , a U.S. official says Al-Shabaab has claimed responsibility for last month 's Kenya mall attack
Beijing  CNN  -- The public outcry continued in China 's cyberspace days after Haobo , a two-month-old boy , was killed by a man who stole his parents ' car with the child inside . The incident attracted attention at the highest levels of government , and raised much online finger-pointing to the suspect , police , the parents , Chinese media and society . It also shed light on censorship in China , after a decree from propaganda chiefs on how local media should cover the case was leaked online . The tragedy started Monday morning when Haobo 's father , who lives in the northeastern Chinese city of Changchun , left him in his car with the engine running while he went into the store he owns to turn on indoor heating . When he came out , the car was gone with Haobo inside . The parents turned to the police and the public for help . Over 8,000 police officers took part in a manhunt , searching neighborhoods and parks . READ : Body of baby killed in China carjacking found The news of Haobo 's disappearance spread quickly , his picture forwarded across Chinese websites and on mobile phones . Millions of netizens were on tenterhooks , waiting for updates . Over 30 hours after the car theft , a 48-year-old man named Zhou Xijun turned himself up to the police . He admitted to strangling the toddler and burying him in the snow . The baby 's body has been found later . China soul-search This sad story reminded me of what happened last year to Wang Yueyue , the 2-year-old girl in southern China who was run over by a truck twice and was left dying unassisted as 18 people passed her by . Her plight , and the lack of human compassion , also triggered nationwide soul-searching . Many Chinese complain about the decline in public ethics . To some , this week 's death generated debate about the nation 's apparent moral decay in the midst of an economic boom . "  How can one even imagine strangling a baby just to steal a car ? " Ping Gu , a white-collar worker in Beijing tells me . "  What about basic humanity , conscience , values ? " At the ongoing annual meeting of China 's legislature , Premier Wen Jiabao obliquely acknowledged the problem , too . "  We should greatly increase education in public morality , professional ethics , family virtues and personal integrity , " the outgoing premier said in his state-of-the-nation speech last Monday . Wen proposed to "  foster healthy social conduct . " Censors jump on coverage Meanwhile , China 's propaganda czars have imposed a gag rule to stop the negative reporting on the case . In an internal decree issued Tuesday soon after the killer surrendered , they instructed the local media in Changchun to mute their reporting . A screen grab of the decree was captured before it was deleted . Translation : 1 . No front page coverage , the story should n't be bigger than half a page on newspapers . TV channels shall not run long feature reports . 2 . Reports should criticize the killer and highlight the positive efforts made by the police . 3 . No questioning or finger-pointing of the police . Do n't criticize the city 's  Skynet  surveillance network . Stop interviewing victim 's family and relatives . 4 . Without further orders , newspapers should stop covering the incident starting tomorrow . TV and radio should stop covering after tomorrow 's morning news . Perusal of the local Changchun newspapers the past few days show that the local media have acceded to the decree . Recent reports on the incident were short , tucked inside and uplifting . On March 7 , four days after the incident , the Changchun Daily published on page 4 a short report saying that the Changchun city officials had visited Haobo 's relatives , who "  expressed thanks to people from various sectors for their concern and hard work . " A local Changchun journalist , who requested anonymity , complained of being "  caught in between a furious public who wants follow up stories on the incident and the propaganda officials who imposed the gag order . " Online firestorm Despite the media clampdown , Haobo 's grisly death has sparked public uproar , especially on Weibo , China 's micro-blogging site with more than 250 million users . Many condemned the killer . "  Hurry with the verdict ! " said @LuoMoShideShang . "  He deserves death penalty , no better way to calm people 's outrage . " Others blamed the parents . "  What kind of parents will leave their babies alone in cars ? " asked @Qiyanhenziaozhang . Still others blamed the media . "  Everywhere is posting information about the baby , and they irritated the killer and provoked his desperate act . The media has done a really bad work , " said Shenshang . Several netizens juxtaposed Haobo 's death with a similar incident in the United States . A month ago , an SUV was stolen in the Bronx in New York City , with an 8-month-old girl still inside . "  The silver Jeep was found abandoned just over an hour later with the child unharmedâ $ " after the perp phoned in the car 's location to police , " the New York Post reported . @ZuoJingXiaoWu : "  Ironically it 's the same story but with very different outcomes ! I believe that race has nothing to do with it but the problem is that Chinese people 's moral education is disgusting . Also , brain-dead parents have no qualifications for parenthood . " @LanXiaoHaiMayday : "  It 's either a matter of better law or purer hearts . " As the finger-pointing continues , other netizens have turned their ire on the police . One noted how the government in Changchun , the city where the crime took place , had since 2007 invested 140 million yuan  $ 22.5 million  to install a "  Skynet project " an intra-city video surveillance network , equipped with some 60,000 closed-circuit cameras . A micro-blogger named @LaoXuCommentary wryly noted : "  Citizens found the stolen car , the suspect turned himself in , thousands of police searched downtown while the man had escaped to the countryside already . A camera surveillance system worth 140 million yuan went blind in this case . " While some angry postings have been deleted on China 's social media sites , no new key words related to the case have been blocked on Chinese search engines -- a common censorship tactic -- just yet . Meantime , citizens are still expressing their grief and outrage on Haobo 's grisly death online .	Huge outcry in China 's cyberspace after a two-month-old boy was killed by a carjacker Incident has raised finger-pointing to police , the parents and Chinese society A leaked memo shows how Chinese censors sought to clamp down on media coverage Despite the media clampdown , the grisly death has sparked public uproar online
A FedEx package handler went on a shooting rampage early Tuesday at his workplace in suburban Atlanta , wounding six people before turning the gun on himself , officials said . "  That individual is deceased here at the scene , " Cobb County Police Sgt. Dana Pierce told reporters . Police were sweeping the area with search dogs to ensure no secondary devices had been planted . Authorities identified 19-year-old Geddy L. Kramer of Acworth as the shooter . His body was found near a shotgun , Pierce said . "  That was the only weapon that he had at that time , " Pierce said . The warehouse is located in Kennesaw , Georgia , about 21 miles northwest of downtown Atlanta . "  Numerous " 911 calls from inside the half-million-square-foot package and delivery facility alerted police to the shooting at 5:54 a.m. , Pierce said . The victims were taken to WellStar Kennestone Hospital , where an emergency room doctor involved in the response said three were in critical condition . EMS officials warned the hospital at 6:26 a.m. to prepare for the victims ' arrival , Dr. Michael Nitzken said . By 7 a.m. , the six patients -- all of whom had suffered multiple gunshot wounds -- had arrived . Without naming them , Nitzken identified them as : -- a 28-year-old man in critical condition after undergoing surgery ; -- a 52-year-old woman in stable condition after undergoing surgery ; -- a 22-year-old man in stable condition ; -- a 38-year-old man in stable condition ; -- a 42-year-old woman who was treated and released ; -- a 19-year-old man who was treated and was to be released . Two of the patients -- the 28-year-old man and the 52-year-old woman -- suffered life-threatening injuries and the man was placed on mechanical ventilation , he said . "  They appeared to be shotgun blast effects , with multiple , small projectiles , " Nitzken said . Their arrival at the level-two trauma center coincided with a shift change . "  That proved to be to our benefit , " the doctor said , because the staff was double what it typically would be . "  We 're trying to make the best of a bad outcome . " FedEx spokesman Scott Fielder told CNN that the situation had stabilized "  and we are focused on the needs of our team members and cooperating with the law enforcement investigation of this tragedy . "	Shooter has been identified as 19-year-old Geddy L. Kramer of Acworth Kramer died "  from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound , " police spokesman says Six people are taken to Wellstar Kennestone Hospital
CNN  -- There 's no escaping the fact that the Human Brain Project , with its billion-dollar plan to recreate the human mind inside a supercomputer , sounds like a science fiction nightmare . But those involved hope their ambitious goal of simulating the tangle of neurons and synapses that power our thought processes could offer solutions to tackling conditions such as depression , Parkinson 's disease and Alzheimer 's . The Human Brain venture is the next step in a long-running program that has already succeeded in using computers to create a virtual replica of part of a rat 's neocortex -- a section of the brain believed to control higher functions such as conscious thought , movement and reasoning . Scientists at its forerunner , the Switzerland-based Blue Brain Project , have been working since 2005 to feed a computer with vast quantities of data and algorithms produced from studying tiny slivers of rodent gray matter . Last month they announced a significant advancement when they were able to use their simulator to accurately predict the location of synapses in the neocortex , effectively mapping out the complex electrical brain circuitry through which thoughts travel . Henry Markram , the South African-born neuroscientist who heads the project , said the breakthrough would have taken "  decades , if not centuries " to chart using a real neocortex . He said it was proof their concept , dubbed "  brain in a box " by Nature magazine , would work . Read : Mapping out a new era in brain research Now the team are joining forces with other scientists to create the Human Brain Project . As its name suggests , they aim to scale up their model to recreate an entire human brain . It is a step that will need both a huge increase in funding and access to computers so advanced that they have yet to be built . If their current bid for â ‚ ¬ 1 billion  $ 1.3 billion  of European Commission funding over the next 10 years is successful , Markram predicts that his computer neuroscientists are a decade away from producing a synthetic mind that could , in theory , talk and interact in the same way humans do . His bold claims have inevitably fueled comparisons to doom-laden popular fiction in which conscious machines turn on their creators and wreak havoc . The project 's scientists have been referred to as "  team Frankenstein " and their computer likened to "  Skynet , " the virtual intelligence that unleashes a robot war on humanity in the "  Terminator " films . Sean Hill , a senior computational neuroscientist on the project , laughs at such comparisons . He says the computer will primarily become a repository for knowledge about the brain that will allow scientists to conduct experiments without the need to probe inside people 's skulls . Read : $ 1 billion mission to reach the Earth 's mantle "  This is a tool for research , not a giant simulated brain that is going to rule the world , " he said . "  Right now , we 're in a crisis in neuroscience . There 's a lot of wonderful data being gathered but we do n't have a place where we can put those experimental results together and understand their implications . "  The benefit of having this facility is you have a place to integrate the data into a model where you can test predictions and start to learn principles of how the brain operates . " The computing power needed to build the model is phenomenal . Simply to replicate one of the 10,000 neuron brain cells involved in the rat experiment took the processing capacity usually found in a single laptop . To simulate a fully functioning human brain , it would take billions . Hill says that such computational power -- known as exascale -- will be available by the end of the decade . The Human Brain Project 's scientists are hoping to work with supercomputer developers to ensure future machines match their requirements . But , even as the team touts its experiments as a possible solution to the brain diseases that affect about two billion people worldwide , they have attracted critics who say their work is far too broad in scope to achieve usable results . Professor Terry Sejnowski , head of the Computational Neurobiology Laboratory at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in San Diego , has been quoted as saying the Blue Brain project is "  bound to fail . " Read : How the search for aliens can help sustain life on Earth He told CNN via email that "  progress is being made but there is still a long way to go before we will understand the computational capabilities of cortical circuits . " He added : "  We are just beginning to appreciate how complex our brains are , far beyond any other device in the known universe . " Sean Hill said the team hoped it was answering skeptics with its achievements so far . "  It 's just a matter of keeping on doing it . Let 's keep improving these tools and open them up so that many scientists are engaged and collaborating and using it as common point to bring the data together , " he said . "  The only way to address the critics is to keep working , showing the positive results and do the best we can -- and that is starting to happen . "	Human Brain Project will use supercomputers to mimic tangle of neurons and synapses that power our thoughts Scientists say the simulator could offer new insight into the treatment of brain disease like Parkinson 's and Alzheimer 's "  Brain in a box " is unlikely to transform into sci-fi-style computer bent on world domination , scientists say
-LSB- Breaking news update , Saturday , 12:54 a.m. ET -RSB- The number of power outages that occurred across 16 states and the District of Columbia during the latest winter storm dropped to 525,273 early Friday from a previous 625,000 late Thursday . -LSB- Originally published story , Friday , 9:55 a.m. ET -RSB- Massive winter storm taking toll in power outages , canceled flights -- and lives CNN  -- Enough already . Really . As if the East Coast had n't gotten the point by now , Mother Nature drove it home yet again -- that this is winter , hear it roar . Roar it did Thursday , as a massive storm system that just finished pummeling much of the Southeast moved northward . Some of what fell from the sky was rain , some was sleet , some was snow . Whatever it was , it made for a mess . Fast-falling snow caused tractor-trailers to jackknife and prompted authorities in New York to ban commercial traffic on Interstate 84 -- a major east-west highway running through the state -- the state transportation department tweeted . As of 9:30 p.m. , the New York metro area was already buried : The National Weather Service reported up to 11 inches in the Bronx , 14 inches in Fairfield , Connecticut , and even more than that in East Rutherford , New Jersey , home to the recent Super Bowl . And it 's not like the end is near . Another round is expected to wallop the same area overnight , coming down 1 to 3 inches an hour at times . And Massachusetts ' Berkshires could see 14 to 24 inches of snow before the storm runs its course . For some , the issue is n't just the fact that there 's snow : This is winter , after all , in the Northeast . But it 's more that people there have n't gotten much of a reprieve . That 's why New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , opening up his press conference Thursday , said : "  Welcome to winter storm six of the last six weeks . " And as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie pointed out before the worst of the storm hit : "  This has just been a brutal winter where it never really has gotten warmer . And so the natural melting away of snow and ice is not happening . " Especially over its full course , this storm has proven to be nothing to mess with . At least 16 deaths have been blamed on the storm . Three of them were in Howard County , Maryland , where three men -- ages 45 , 55 and 57 -- suffered suspected cardiac arrest "  while in the act of shoveling snow , " said county spokesman Mark Miller , who noted that what fell there was "  a heavy wet snow . " There were also three deaths apiece in Texas and North Carolina , including one in a rural part of the latter due to a falling tree limb . And in the New York borough of Brooklyn , a 36-year-old pregnant woman died after being struck by a small tractor clearing snow . Her nearly full-term baby was delivered by cesarean section at a hospital and was in critical condition . Amid such tragedy , even as people hunker down or cope without electricity , life has gone on , too . Augusta Kalsky documented the snowy , icy , windy morass Thursday for CNN iReport , calling this system "  one of the more aggressive Nor'easter s " she 's seen since returning to Manhattan four years ago . At the same time , she added , "  The usual drivers and pedestrians  are  attempting to go about their business as usual . " Power outages ; about 6,500 flights canceled There was nothing usual about Thursday for Aretha Williams . The Fairburn , Georgia , woman 's power went out at 6 a.m. Wednesday -- her birthday , of all days . And 34 hours later , it was still out . Over that time , she and her teenage daughter took turns going back and forth to their car to get warmed up by the engine and heater , and charge their phones . When they tried to contact the local utility , Williams says , the calls went straight to voice mail -- leaving her with no idea when her lights and heat would come back on . "  We are just frustrated , " Williams said late Thursday afternoon , hours after first alerting CNN iReport to her ordeal . Venturing out on the still slippery roads , Williams and her daughter did manage to buy lunch but could n't find any available firewood . That 's one reason why she 's strongly considering trying to find somewhere warm to spend the night . As she said , "  It 's too cold . I ca n't go through this another night with my daughter . " Unfortunately , Williams has plenty of company in being in the dark . Some 625,000 customers -- more than half of whom were in North and South Carolina -- were without power up and down the East Coast as of 6:45 p.m. . One positive was that number was down about 75,000 from a few hours earlier , indicating utilities were making progress . Many others have other kinds of headaches , like would-be air travelers . FlightAware , an air travel tracking website , reported around 8 p.m. Thursday that nearly 6,500 flights originating in or destined for the United States had been canceled . Charlotte 's airport in North Carolina was among the most impacted . Still , there are few along the East Coast -- from Atlanta to Washington to Philadelphia to Boston -- that have n't had their schedules turned upside down , yet again , by this winter storm . And rail travel has n't been immune . Amtrak has suspended some service in the Northeast , South and Mid-Atlantic regions again for Thursday . East Coast travelers brave another nasty day N.C. governor : ` Some people did n't take my warning ' In and around Atlanta , the storm could have been worse . For proof , all Georgians had to do was think back two weeks ago -- when motorists ditched hundreds of cars along roads , students had to camp out overnight in school and some spent upwards of 20 hours stuck on impassable roads . This time around , the state seemed to have learned its lesson . A combination of snow , ice and rain slammed Georgia , leading to widespread power outages . But this time , at least , people stayed off the roads . It seemed like deja vu , though , for a time in North Carolina . There , the snow showed up fast and furious in the middle of the day on Wednesday . And when motorists hit the road , many got stuck -- with some of them even leaving their vehicles in the road and walking away altogether . Yet Gov. Patrick McCrory , speaking Thursday to CNN , resisted comparing what happened in his state to what had happened earlier in Georgia . He pointed out that he 'd declared a state of emergency and began warning people "  do n't put your stupid hat on " well ahead of the storm . "  Some people did n't take my warning , " McCrory said . There were drivers who spent four to five hours in gridlock traffic but none were on the road overnight , added the governor . And by Thursday , when round two of the storm rolled through , much of the state was quiet as people hunkered down inside . Rather than pin it on officials or citizens , McCrory suggested that the uniquely large , powerful , fast-moving storm deserved the blame for it all -- the traffic jams , the widespread blackouts , and the deadly dangerous conditions outside . In North Carolina alone , the storm was hitting in full force in five different metropolitan areas at the same time . "  We have not seen a storm like this in decades , " the governor said . Opinion : Storms could 've been worse	Power outages in 16 states and DC down to 525,000 from 625,000 At least 16 deaths are linked to storm , including 3 while shoveling snow in Maryland Some 625,000 customers are without power ; nearly 6,500 flights are canceled N.C. governor says , " "  We have not seen a storm like this in decades "
CNN  -- Some athletes earn the right to be considered a sporting legend . Few , in truth , are truly deserving of such an honor . But there can be no quarrel over the greatness of Ethiopia 's Haile Gebrselassie who , in a career spanning 16 years , has redefined the art of long-distance running . Haile Gebrselassie during the epic 10,000 meter final at the Sydney Olympics in 2000 . It is regularly described as one of the greatest track races of all time . Born in the rural town of Asela in the central province of Arsi , Haile Gebrselassie was seven years old when the Ethiopian Miruts Yifter triumphed in the 10,000 meters final at the 1980 Moscow Olympics . Listening to the victory on the family radio the feat implanted not only a desire to run , but also a belief that it was possible for Ethiopian athletes to succeed at the highest level . Gebrselassie soon took up running . Poor transport services in Ethiopia necessitated that he regularly run 10 kilometers to school and back with his books tucked under his left arm . When he began to run competitively -- he won his first 1500 meter race at primary school when he was eight years old -- he ran with a crooked arm , as if the books were still there . But the bent arm did n't hinder him and it has remained a distinctive feature of his running style ever since . Spurred on by his physical education teacher , Gebrselassie started training after school . Extra sessions running around his father 's farm soon reaped rewards as he began to win not only local but regional races . When he was 15 years old , he and his brother joined an athletics club in Addis Ababa and tried to make the national team . The young Gebrselassie 's devotion to running initially annoyed his father , who implored his son to forge a career as a doctor or a teacher , but he kept up his training schedule and the more he practiced , the faster he got . In 1992 , the same year he met his future wife Alem , a 19 year-old Gebrselassie won the 5,000 and 10,000 meter finals at the World Junior Athletic Championships . The following season his senior career would take off in spectacular fashion . At the World Athletics Championships in Stuttgart , Germany he claimed the 10,000 meter title . The following year he broke his first world record -- 5,000 meters at a meet in Hengelo , Holland -- surpassing the time set by the Moroccan Said Aouita seven years earlier . 1995 produced further extraordinary success . Not only did Gebrselassie retain his World 10,000 meter crown -- he would eventually win four -- but he clocked three world records in just 71 days . Still only 23 years old , his fledgling career reached its pinnacle when he won the 10,000 meter Olympic gold at Atlanta in 1996 . In doing so , Gebrselassie had emulated his boyhood hero Miruts Yifter . The next four years saw Gebrselassie go unbeaten over 5,000 and 10,000 meters , smash records indoors and out -- taking his career world record tally to 15 -- and star in the 1999 Disney movie "  Endurance " which chronicled his life . His triumph over his great rival , Kenyan Paul Tergat at the Sydney Olympics in 2000 is perhaps his most famous race . Gebrselassie -- who had spent the weeks prior to the games struggling with an Achilles tendon injury -- piped Tergat on the line by 0.09 seconds to retain his 10,000 meter Olympic title in dramatic fashion . The victory secured him national hero status at home in Ethiopia , and hundreds of thousands of fans cheered him through the streets of Addis Ababa in a homecoming parade . His attempts to win an unprecedented third Olympic title in Athens in 2004 were dashed by a recurrence of the Achilles tendon injury . Any sense of personal disappointment -- it is difficult to tell as Gebrselassie has always worn a smile in triumph or defeat -- was replaced with elation as his protégé and countryman Kenenisa Bekele took the gold medal . The previous year Gebrselassie had finished runner-up to Bekele in the World Championship 10,000 meters in Paris . Gebrselassie soon turned his attentions away from the track and began to focus on road running , in particular the half-marathon and the marathon . In 2006 , he duly added the half-marathon world record to his collection and in September 2007 he broke the marathon world record in Berlin to register his 25th world record mark . Now 34 years old , his body shows no signs of fatigue -- physical or mental -- and he retains a hunger to achieve . Whatever happens in the future , his performances merit a permanent place in the pantheon of truly great sportsmen . Off the track , Gebrselassie has maintained his links with Ethiopia , choosing to live and work in Addis Ababa . He remains committed to promoting the Ethiopian cause , not always through charity -- although he lends his vigorous support to numerous projects -- but by repeating the mantra of reward through hard work . There can be few better role models for sport and life than he .	Inspired to start running after watching the 1980 Moscow Olympics Early promise quickly realized as he triumphs at World Junior Games Serial world record breaker completes Olympic double in 2000 Marathon glory in 2007 caps an unprecedented running career
CNN  -- It could be Juan Martin del Potro 's week at the Shanghai Masters . Suffering from a fever in the early rounds , he needed a third-set tiebreak to see off Philipp Kohlschreiber in his opener . But then the Argentine caught a break , advancing to the quarterfinals when Tommy Haas withdrew with a back injury . Recovered from his illness , del Potro blasted his way past new world No. 1 Rafael Nadal 6-2 6-4 to reach Sunday 's final against Novak Djokovic . It was del Potro 's first victory over Nadal since 2009 -- the year the former won his lone major at the U.S. Open -- and booked his spot at next month 's year-end championships in London . "  I played so solid all the time , hitting the ball so hard , " del Potro was quoted as saying by the ATP 's official website . "  I saw Rafa playing very far off the baseline , which is good for my game , for my serve , and confidence . That 's the way to beat this guy . " Del Potro hit five aces , was n't broken and consistently applied pressure on the Nadal serve , manufacturing 11 break points . Nadal had no answers . "  He played amazing , " Nadal told the website . "  I just congratulate him . "  Very few times I play against a player with a level like today . I really go home with the feeling that I did n't play bad . That 's the thing . It is fair to say that . I am humble enough to say that I played well and I lost 6-2 , 6-4 . " Del Potro will likely have to play just as well or better to defeat Djokovic , who boosted his winning streak in China to 19 matches by downing Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-2 7-5 earlier Saturday . Djokovic , now second in the rankings , regained his composure after a controversial line call in the second set . "  I would wish to get even a better performance tomorrow for the most important match this week , " Djokovic , who crushed Nadal last week at the China Open , told reporters . "  But we 'll see . " When Djokovic and del Potro last met , Djokovic prevailed in a near five-hour classic in the Wimbledon semifinals .	Juan Martin del Potro beats new No. 1 Rafael Nadal at the Shanghai Masters With the win , del Potro also earns a spot at the year-end championships in London Del Potro faces Novak Djokovic in the final after the Serb dispatched Jo-Wilfried Tsonga Djokovic boosted his winning streak in China to an impressive 19 matches
CNN  Recently , Robert Kennedy Jr. was in Sacramento , California , to campaign against Senate Bill 227 , which makes it harder for parents to opt out of vaccinations . In his remarks at an anti-vaccination movie screening , he decided to compare "  vaccine-induced " autism to the Holocaust . He said , "  They get the shot , that night they have a fever of a hundred and three , they go to sleep , and three months later their brain is gone , " Kennedy said . "  This is a holocaust , what this is doing to our country . " A few days later , he apologized to people who were outraged on behalf of the memory of the Holocaust . To many , it 's sacrilege to compare any lesser issue to the horrors perpetrated by the Nazis . In a statement , Kennedy said , "  I want to apologize to all whom I offended by my use of the word to describe the autism epidemic . I employed the term during an impromptu speech as I struggled to find an expression to convey the catastrophic tragedy of autism , which has now destroyed the lives of over 20 million children and shattered their families . " Robert Kennedy Jr. has apologized for the wrong things . First and foremost , vaccines do not cause autism . The two have nothing to do with each other . Second , he seems to think people with autism are "  gone , " their lives "  destroyed " and their families "  shattered . " Autism is not a death sentence . People with autism are not missing or destroyed . They are everywhere , trying to live their lives in a society that too often demeans them as subhuman , missing or worthless . Kennedy 's rhetoric is a problem , even beyond the fraudulent basis for his claims about vaccines . People who believe autism is an environmental disease try to cure kids with quack treatments like giving them bleach-based enemas . Others , believing autism functions as a death sentence , even kill their children . I am worried about the effect of having such a powerful , high-profile member of our political class endorse this demeaning depiction of life with autism . I reached out to a number of autistic activists for comment . Ari Ne'eman , president of the Autistic Self-Advocacy Network , wrote , "  Robert Kennedy Jr , who has engaged with autism only to spread lies , misinformation and dehumanizing rhetoric , has never meaningfully engaged in efforts to improve the lives of autistic Americans . While his father , uncle and many others in the Kennedy-Shriver family championed the rights of people with disabilities , he has instead cast his lot with those who use pseudo-science to question our humanity . " These are harsh words , but try to see the situation through Ne'eman 's eyes . Not only is Kennedy perpetuating a discredited theory , but he 's also suggesting that it 's better to let your children get preventable and sometimes fatal diseases than risk becoming autistic . The usual response to people like Ne'eman is that he is "  high functioning , " but what of the burden to families who are struggling to care for less able individuals ? Henry Frost , an autistic teenager and writer , is devastated by this focus on burden . Last year , he wrote a post to other autistic children : "  Know you are not a burden or trouble for being . You are a person who has every right to be . A family that is saying love but saying you are so hard so wrong for not being as they wanted . The family is wrong . Not You . " Meanwhile , Amy Sequenzia , an autistic activist and blogger , wrote , "  I am very disabled , have most of the usual not autism but co-occurring conditions , seizures almost every day , but am happy , proud and accomplished , with the human supports I have . That 's what is missing . Acceptance . " As children , Sequenzia and Frost might well have been just the kinds of people labeled as "  gone , " by Kennedy . Clearly , both are very much present . The solution lies in understanding autism and related conditions as part of human diversity . Michael S. Monje Jr. , an autistic writer and editor with Autonomous Press , wrote , "  The neurodiversity movement is a direct counter to this kind of attitude . It is a way for autistic people , as well as anyone else who experiences the world differently due to their neurology , to assert that these natural divergences in human development are just that -- natural . The fact that they are largely unsupported by our society as it is currently configured does not make them in any way less natural , less worthy , or less beautiful than other ways of being in the world . " I wish Kennedy realized how much his apology demeaned people with intellectual disabilities , even as he defended the sacred status of the Holocaust . There is , though , one story from the Holocaust that he might do well to consider . The first group the Nazis systematically exterminated , in the infamous Action T4 , were people with intellectual and other kinds of disabilities . Thousands of children , adolescents and adults were sent to gas chambers , laying the groundwork for the later , larger scale acts of genocide . Underlying Action T4 was the belief that people with disabilities were devoid of value . We fight those beliefs by celebrating neurodiversity , not by fearmongering . Kennedy owes a lot of people another apology .	David Perry : Robert Kennedy Jr. compared autism to the Holocaust , wrongly tied it to vaccines He says it 's sad such a prominent Kennedy demeans people with autism
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama took veiled shots at New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Tuesday for ordering quarantines for medical workers returning to the United States after "  doing God 's work " treating Ebola patients in West Africa . Obama told reporters on the White House 's South Lawn that he had spoken by phone with Amber Vinson , a Dallas nurse who contracted Ebola while treating a patient but was discharged from Emory University Hospital on Tuesday after doctors declared her free of the virus . He said he 'll meet with health workers who have returned from West Africa on Wednesday , and that American officials should not "  just react based on our fears " by imposing policies that discourage more workers from volunteering in the region that is the epicenter of the Ebola outbreak . Army major general speaks to CNN from inside Ebola quarantine "  We do n't want to do things that are n't based on science and best practices , " Obama said , "  because if we do , then we 're just putting another barrier on somebody who 's already doing important work on our behalf . " Christie and Cuomo have faced pressure from the administration in recent days over their state policies mandating quarantines for medical workers returning from West Africa after treating Ebola patients . Obama ignored a reporter 's shouted question about whether he has spoken to Christie this week . Chris Christie on Ebola policy : ` We 're not moving an inch ' "  This disease can be contained , " Obama said . "  It will be defeated . Progress is possible . But we 're gon na have to stay vigilant , and we 've got to make sure that we 're working together . " Obama said different rules apply , though , for military personnel who have been deployed to West Africa . The Army has imposed a 21-day quarantine on returning troops , and White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday that the Pentagon will decide soon whether that policy will apply to the entire military . "  We do n't expect to have similar rules for our military as we do for our civilians , " Obama said . Complete coverage on Ebola	Obama said the United States should n't put "  another barrier " on medical workers who treat Ebola patients in Africa His comments were a veiled shot at the governors of New Jersey and New York Those governors announced mandatory quarantines for medical workers returning from West Africa
CNN  -- American al Qaeda member Adam Gadahn appeared in a video posted on the Internet on Saturday , focusing on Pakistan , with references to the U.S. economic meltdown and fighting in Kashmir . Adam Gadahn , also known as Azzam the American , is seen in a video posted on the Internet in August 2007 . The rambling , wide-ranging video was released by www.LauraMansfield.com , a Web site that analyzes terrorism . The 32-minute video was produced by As Sahab , al Qaeda 's video production arm . Gadahn , also known as Azzam the American , is on the FBI 's Most Wanted List , with a reward of up to $ 1 million for information leading to his capture . He was indicted in 2006 on charges of offering material support for terrorism and treason , making him the first American charged with treason since World War II . He has renounced his American citizenship . "  It 's time for you to put aside tribal , ethnic and territorial differences and petty worldly disputes not just for now but forever and unite to restore the glories of your forefathers and hasten , Allah willing , the defeat of the Zionist-crusader enemy and the establishment of the Islamic state , the Ummah , the so eagerly anticipated , " Gadahn says in English . Gadahn also notes that "  victory in Kashmir " has been delayed for years , adding that , "  It is the liberation of the jihad there from this interference which , Allah willing , will be the first step towards victory over the Hindu occupiers of that Islam land . " He also cited the economic woes in the U.S. economy . "  The enemies of Islam are facing a crushing defeat , which is beginning to manifest itself in the extending crisis their economy is experiencing . The crisis , whose primary cause , in addition to the abortive and unsustainable crusades they are waging in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Iraq , is they are turning their backs on Allah 's revealed laws , which forbid interest-bearing transactions , exploitation , greed and and injustice in all its forms and demand the worship of Allah alone to the exclusion of all false gods , including money and power , " he said . Gadahn , who grew up in rural California , embraced Islam in the mid-1990s and moved to Pakistan . Since October 2004 , he has appeared in at least eight al Qaeda videos speaking in English and praising the terrorist network . In a video released in January , Gadahn renounced his U.S. citizenship and destroyed his passport on camera , saying , "  I do n't need it to travel anyway . " His demands have ranged from pulling out all soldiers from "  every Muslim land " to halting support of the "  enemies of Islam " and freeing all Muslims in detention centers and prisons . Failure to take any one of the steps , he said , would be "  considered sufficient justification " for continuing the fighting and killing . However , according to CNN Senior Arab Affairs Editor Octavia Nasr , no known terrorism activity has been linked to his messages .	Al Qaeda member Adam Gadahn appears in video posted on Internet on Saturday Video refers to ethnic divisions in Pakistan , fighting in Kashmir , U.S. economic woes The native Californian was charged with treason in 2006
CNN  -- Investigators have arrested a third suspect in the killing of a prominent doctor near Houston , Texas . Dr. Jorge Mario Gonzalez was found dead at his ranch last month , police say . The Texas Rangers arrested Misael Sotollo , 18 , Tuesday evening in a Houston apartment , the Austin County Sheriff 's Office said in a statement . Sotollo and two others -- brothers Cristobal Galvan Cerna , 23 , and Moises Galvan Cerna , 18 -- are charged with murder in the death of Dr. Jorge Mario Gonzalez . Bail has been denied for all three , according to authorities . The doctor was chief of the critical care section at Houston 's Methodist Hospital and "  a pulmonary medicine leader , " according to the hospital system 's Web site . Gonzalez was found dead August 22 , after deputies responded to a 911 call of a burglary in progress at his weekend ranch , in a rural and isolated area outside Bellville , Texas , authorities said . Bellville is about 50 miles west of Houston . The suspects were already at the home when the Gonzalez family arrived around noon , law enforcement officials said . The doctor was able to enter his home and obtain a handgun in an attempt to defend himself and his family , authorities said . Gunshots were exchanged , and the doctor died at the scene , they said . Also wounded in the shooting was ranch hand Noel Galvan Cerna , who worked for Gonzalez and is the brother of two of the men in custody in the killing . Sotollo is their cousin . An officer responding to the Gonzalez home on the robbery report was met by vehicles leaving the location , Austin County Sheriff 's spokesman Sgt. Paul Faircloth said , and a person in one vehicle fired on the officer . Neither the officer nor his patrol car was struck , and the officer did not return fire , Faircloth said . The officer was able to provide a detailed description of the vehicles , he said . The officer found Gonzalez ' wife and toddler unharmed inside the home .	Dr. Jorge Mario Gonzalez found shot to death at his ranch on August 22 Police say Gonzalez arrived at the rural home to find suspects already there He was able to get his gun from the house but died in ensuing gunfire , police say Ranch hand was injured in the attack ; the suspects are his brothers and cousin
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania minister was found guilty in a church trial on Monday for officiating his son 's same-sex wedding , according to church officials . Frank Schaefer , 51 , the pastor at Zion United Methodist Church of Iona in Lebanon , Pennsylvania , was found guilty by a jury of 13 ordained clergy members on two counts : officiating a same-sex wedding and being disobedient to the discipline and order of the church , according to Cathy Husid-Shamir , a Schaefer family spokesperson . Schaefer told CNN 's Zoraida Sambolin that his son , Tim , asked him to officiate his wedding seven years ago , and he decided to do it "  out of love for him . " Despite at one point believing that homosexuality was incompatible with his Christian beliefs , Schaefer told CNN his views on the controversial topic began to change over time . "  By the time our son came out I was ready to embrace him , " Schaefer told Sambolin on November 14 . The complaint was filed by one of Schaefer 's church members and the church leadership decided to act upon it , according to Schaefer . The church told Schaefer he could avoid a trial if he agreed never to perform another same-sex marriage again , but he refused . "  I ca n't commit to a statement like that , " Schaefer said . "  Especially in light of the fact that I have two more children that are gay . " "  We want to express care and concern for everyone involved in this difficult process , " Michele Bartlow , district superintendent of the United Methodist Church , said in a statement following the guilty verdict . "  We ask for prayer . " The penalty phase of the trial begins on Tuesday and new witnesses will be heard , Husid-Shamir told CNN . The jury has full power to determine Schaefer 's penalty , which can range from a reprimand or suspension to a full defrocking , Husid-Shamir said . With Hawaii and Illinois , U.S. crosses a same-sex marriage mark	Frank Schaefer found guilty by jury of ordained clergy on two counts Church officials had asked him not to officiate future gay weddings ; he refused He faces receiving a reprimand or suspension up to a full defrocking
CNN  -- If it 's cold outside and you have electricity , consider yourself lucky . Thousands of people in the Northern United States and southeastern Canada have endured at least four days without power because of ice-related outages . And for some , the heat might not come back on until this weekend , utility companies said . More than 127,000 customers were without power in below-freezing temperatures Friday in parts of Michigan and northern New England and the Canadian provinces of Ontario , Quebec and New Brunswick . The winter weather has also turned deadly . At least 24 people have died in weather-related incidents since Saturday . Nineteen of those deaths were in the United States ; the majority died of carbon monoxide poisoning , emergency management officials said . Carbon monoxide poisoning often occurs when people run generators inside their homes . Another five people died in Canada from carbon monoxide poisoning , including three in Quebec and two in Toronto , officials said . The frigid weather will spread across the United States this weekend , with temperatures expected to fall 10 to 15 degrees below normal in the Midwest on Saturday . On Sunday , the chill will move into the Plains . Snow may hit New England on Sunday or Monday . In areas near Toronto , where officials said the storm was one of the worst to hit the city , more than 32,000 were without power Friday . While that 's down from 300,000 at the peak , utility officials there declined to estimate when the last outages would be fixed . Toronto Mayor Rob Ford said his biggest concern now is the possibility of high winds in the evening . "  It 's taking long because we have n't seen a storm like this in our history , " Toronto Hydro spokeswoman Tanya Bruckmueller told CBC News . "  The amount of damage to both our equipment due to the trees coming down is slowing us down , as well as this morning we 've got snow coming , which is much heavier on the branches and is now covering a lot of what we need to be repairing . " Toronto resident Vic Baniuk told CBC on Thursday his family has n't had power for five days , and they were using a fireplace and a cast-iron stove to stay warm . "  We 're sitting in the dark and cold , and I feel that everybody has ignored us , " he told CBC . A tree branch pierced his roof , making a bad situation worse . "  This is not an inconvenience . This is an emergency , a disaster , " Baniuk said . The temperature in Toronto is n't expected to rise above freezing until Saturday , with a forecast high of 3 degrees Celsius  about 37 degrees Fahrenheit  . Another 5,800 people were without power Thursday elsewhere in southern Ontario ; 19,000 had no electricity in New Brunswick , and another 2,200 still had outages in Quebec province , utility companies said . Power to the people Power crews were working around the clock and called in reinforcements from other states to help them wrangle electric lines back into place . In Michigan , ice could finally start melting Saturday when temperatures could reach the high 30s or lower 40s . But Michigan power company Consumers Energy warned the thaw could cause more outages by allowing tree branches to snap and crash into power lines . Consumers Energy said it expected to have most outages fixed by the end of Saturday . About 330 customers had no power in parts of Vermont on Friday morning . Roughly 12,500 people still were without electricity in Maine . With no power in her Litchfield , Maine , home on Wednesday afternoon , Mary Beth King cooked her family 's Christmas dinner -- seafood chowder -- on an outdoor grill , CNN affiliate WGME-TV in Portland reported . Friends and family find shelter But many of those who lost power found generosity and new friends after turning to shelters to stay warm . More than 200 people took refuge Thursday in Red Cross shelters in Michigan and Maine , according to the group 's online shelter tracker . Bonnie Libby told CNN affiliate WOOD-TV in Grand Rapids , Michigan , that after living with shelter mates for three days , she now describes them as "  friends and family . " The outage was a cure for loneliness on Christmas Day for Larry Sutherland . If not for it , he said , "  I would be spending it alone , and my Christmas dinner would be a microwave meal . " CNN 's Mayra Cuevas , Stephanie Gallman , Kevin Conlon , Carma Hassan and Matt Daniel contributed to this report .	At least 24 people have died in the U.S. and Canada since Saturday Many of the deaths were caused by carbon monoxide poisoning , officials said At least 127,000 people have lost power in Michigan , New England and Canada Rising temperatures are forecast in Michigan but could cause more power outages
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. troops based in South Korea have not been put on a heightened state of alert in the wake of that country 's announcement that North Korea was behind the sinking of one of its warships in March , the Pentagon said Thursday . At a Pentagon press briefing , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said the United States supports the findings of the investigation -- that the ship was sunk by a North Korean torpedo -- but he would not say what the United States is prepared to do , if anything , militarily . "  We are in close consultations with the South Koreans , " Gates said . "  The attack was against one of their ships and , naturally , they will have the lead in laying out the path forward and we will be consulting with them very closely as we move ahead . " Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen said the status of the 28,500 U.S. troops in South Korea has not changed because of the findings . "  They are on their normal state of readiness . They are engaged very routinely out there , " Mullen said . "  We have a considerable number of forces stationed both on the land and sea and the forces are clearly aware of what 's going on , " he said . Though Gates and Mullen would not speculate on what the next step would be for South Korea , the United States is bound by treaty to assist that nation if it goes to war . The U.S. Army is stretched thin in two wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , but Gates said there are other options in the case of armed conflict on the Korean peninsula . "  We have said for a long time that if there were a problem in Korea our main arms would be the Navy and the Air Force , and those are not stretched in the same way that the ground forces are , " he said . Earlier Thursday , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the United States was "  in consultation with a host of different entities , including the -LSB- U.N. -RSB- Security Council ... and we 're working closely with the South Koreans . " "  I think there 's a lot of things on the table " in terms of possible responses , he added . Gibbs refused to comment on any specific response . Meanwhile , the State Department said the United States will send a clear signal to North Korea that the sinking of the warship was in violation of international norms and it must pay a price . "  Provocative actions will not be tolerated and ... there will be consequences for those , " Assistant Secretary of State P.J. Crowley told reporters . "  At the same time , we will continue to try to see what can be done ... to continue to work towards a peaceful and stable Korean Peninsula and the broader region , " he said . Crowley said the United States has a "  range of tools available " to respond to the incident both unilaterally and collectively with other countries , including unilateral financial sanctions and other measures . However , he said , Washington will be guided by the actions the South Korean government wants to take . Asked whether the United States would consider putting North Korea back on the State Department 's list of state sponsors of terrorism , Crowley said it was unclear whether the ship incident would be considered an act of terrorism to meet the legal threshold for such a designation . The Bush administration took North Korea off the list in 2008 as part of negotiations on ending Pyongyang 's nuclear program . "  This is not something that anyone would do lightly , and there is an evidentiary standard here that has to be applied , " Crowley said . "  Terrorism normally involves ... acts of violence against innocent civilians . You know , at one level this was a torpedo fired by one military vessel at another military vessel . " Senior State Department officials said that although the department 's lawyers would make the final determination , the attack is not likely to be considered a terrorist attack because North and South Korea are technically at war . They pointed to a statement issued by the White House calling the attack an "  act of aggression " and "  a violation of the Armistice Agreement . " That 1953 agreement inaugurated an uneasy truce between the two Koreas , but no peace treaty has been signed to end the war . Additionally , the officials suggested that putting North Korea back on the terrorism list could be counterproductive because the United States was not the target of the attack .	State Dept. spokesman : U.S. has "  range of tools available " to respond U.S. in close consultation with South Koreans , officials say U.S. troops "  on their normal state of readiness , " joint chiefs chairman says Treaty says U.S. must help South Korea in case of war
CNN  -- The 10-year-old American girl went to the Vatican on a prayer of maybe , just maybe , meeting the Pope this week to deliver an important message . Her prayer was answered , against all odds . But for a while , Jersey Vargas ' pilgrimage seemed doomed when a bystander pushed the little girl in a pink hat out of the way as the Pope approached a Vatican grandstand filled with supplicants and the faithful . Jersey wept . "  I had to get through a fence , and I was waiting for a long time , " said the 10-year-old girl from Panorama City , California , near Los Angeles . "  But when Pope Francis was getting near me , there was a woman who pushed me because she did n't want me there because Pope Francis was coming near . So I started to cry because when she pushed me , it did hurt . " A Good Samaritan saw the weeping child and gave her a front-row position to see Pope Francis . It worked . Pope Francis barely saw Jersey standing eye-high at a white-draped railing . He approached her . He touched her head . He blessed her . The family now has photographs of the extraordinary encounter between their small daughter and the people 's Pope , who 's increasingly shown a penchant to enter a crowd and mingle . It was then that Jersey delivered a message that she had carried for more than 6,300 miles . "  I told him , ` Please help my family because we are suffering and my dad is suffering deportation and it 's not fair . Other children are suffering because their parents are getting separated , ' " Jersey recounted . She was referring to how U.S. immigration policy -- a vexing issue that has left Congress polarized and gridlocked about how to reform it -- breaks apart families by deporting parents who are undocumented immigrants while allowing their U.S.-born children to remain in the country , left in the care of relatives or on their own . Her message on Wednesday just happened to be delivered as President Barack Obama was about to visit Pope Francis at the Vatican . In fact , the two leaders discussed immigration reform on Thursday , though no formal agreements were made , the Vatican said . Jersey even gave the Pope a simple gift during their chance meeting . The offering was a cloth napkin , embroidered with an image of two birds , made by Jersey 's mother . The birds represented her mother and father . Also embroidered on it was a legend : "  Nest of Love , " it said . But that nest is n't complete because her father faces deportation . "  Pope Francis had it in his hand , " she said of the napkin . "  I told him about my family , and that 's when he blessed me and touched my head . " The girl was flanked by chaperones and fellow members of a group called Hermandad Mexicana  Mexican Brotherhood  , which trekked to the Vatican to bring attention to U.S. immigration reform efforts . To get the Argentina-born Pope 's attention , they carried a banner that stated in Spanish : "  Dear Pope Francis , Help us legalize our parents . " Lola Vargas , Jersey 's mother , said she 's so happy that her daughter was able to talk to the Pope . "  She told me what happened and what she told the Pope . I am so proud of her and she represents other kids who are in the same situation , " the mother said . Jersey 's father , Mario Vargas , 43 , was arrested in Blount County , Tennessee , for driving under the influence last September , said U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials . He was later convicted of the charge , officials said . At the time , Mario Vargas was working a construction job , said family attorney Alex Galvez . The father was then transferred to Louisiana because there was no ICE detention center in Tennessee . "  The police took him into custody and forgot about him for two months , " Galvez said , "  He was recently turned into ICE when the police filed the deportation proceedings two weeks ago . " Galvez said he spoke to the judge a week ago and presented the family 's situation . The judged asked for the family to post bail of $ 15,000 but the family 's attorney was able to reduce the bond to $ 5,000 . Galvez said Jersey 's father was released on bail Friday , but the family still faces a legal battle in his ongoing deportation proceedings . Galvez hopes to transfer his case to Los Angeles and said Mr. Vargas will be returning home with his family this weekend . Jersey 's visit was part of a campaign where 11 immigration activists , plus some relatives , traveled to Rome hoping to talk to Pope Francis and ask him to speak to Obama about immigration reform . Doris Benavides of the Los Angeles Archdiocese said Archbishop Jose H. Gomez has been a big supporter of children like Jersey and their crusade for reform . Earlier this year Gomez relayed more than 1,000 letters to Pope Francis from children whose families members were facing deportation or were deported . "  Archbishop Gomez met Jersey at the Cathedral of Our Lady of Angels and thinks she is poised and articulate and has never met anyone like her , " said Benavides . Gomez helped the group by sending a letter to the Vatican requesting 17 tickets for the group , so they could have a viewing space Wednesday outside the Vatican , Benavides said . The 17 tickets were granted . But Jersey was lucky enough that she was able to get very close and deliver her message . The Los Angeles Archdiocese believes that this visit to Rome will open a dialogue on how important immigration reform is . "  Jersey 's story will help see the suffering caused in families by a broken immigration system , " said Benavides . The archbishop also posted a comment on his Facebook page . "  Please keep praying for Jersey and for all the families who are suffering because of our broken immigration system , " he said . Jersey hopes that her messages will be heard . "  I am very proud of myself because I already accomplished my mission , that was to talk to him and to please stop deportations because the kids are suffering , " she said .	Jersey Vargas , 10 , travels to the Vatican with family and church members She gets lucky and actually meets Pope Francis She urges immigration reform and seeks help for her father facing deportation Pope meets with President Obama the next day , when they talk about such reforms
CNN  -- South Africa 's Caster Semenya has been given the all-clear to compete again as a woman after undergoing a series of gender tests , the International Association of Athletics Federation  IAAF  announced Tuesday . "  The process initiated in 2009 in the case of Caster Semenya has now been completed , " the IAAF said in a statement on its website . "  The IAAF accepts the conclusion of a panel of medical experts that she can compete with immediate effect . " The IAAF added : "  The medical details of the case remain confidential and the IAAF will make no further comment on the matter . " The 19-year-old Semenya was delighted to be able to return , after nearly a year of controversy and uncertainty . "  I am thrilled to enter the global athletics arena once again and look forward to competing with all the disputes behind me , " she said in a statement released by her legal team . Semenya emerged from obscurity at the beginning of last year to run world class times over 800 meters , culminating in victory over the distance in the world championships in Berlin in August . Her runaway gold medal performance in one minute 55.45 seconds raised eyebrows and the IAAF announced at the championships that they would be conducting tests to determine her gender . On return to South Africa , Semenya became a cause celebre among the public and was feted by leading politicians , who were angered by her treatment . But it later emerged that Athletics South Africa  ASA  had carried out a gender test on her even before she departed for Berlin . The ASA president at the time , Leonard Chuene , initially denied that such a test had taken place , but was forced to admit he lied and has been suspended along with the rest of the ASA board . Semenya 's lawyer Greg Nott said that the decision to allow her to compete again had come after protracted negotiations between the IAAF and her own medical team . "  Our direct negotiations with the IAAF representatives , through the mediator , have been ongoing for 10 months , " he said . "  Meetings have been held in Monaco , Istanbul and Paris , but due to the nature of the matter the parties resolved to keep the negotiations confidential , " Nott added . Semenya now has the opportunity to compete in the world junior championships in Canada later this month , but October 's Commonwealth Games in Delhi is a more realistic target .	Caster Semenya gets the all-clear to compete again as a woman Semenya has had to undergo a series of gender tests after doubts over her sexuality Semenya has not raced internationally since winning the world 800 meters title last year
CNN  -- Afghan insurgents who staged a daring , well-planned raid on Camp Bastion , the military base where Britain 's Prince Harry is deployed , were wearing U.S. Army uniforms , NATO said a day after the attack . It 's extremely rare for Afghan insurgents to use U.S. uniforms in their attacks . The last time CNN can identify was more than two years ago , when NATO repelled attacks on two bases in Khost province in August 2010 . No coalition troops were killed in that attack , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said at the time . At least two U.S. Marines were killed in the brazen strike late on Friday , and six jets were destroyed , ISAF said as it released more details about the raid . Well-trained , well-rehearsed fighters carried out the sustained assault in Helmand province , ISAF said . About 15 insurgents organized into three teams penetrated the base 's perimeter fence and did considerable damage , destroying six refueling stations and damaging six aircraft hangars . The attackers toted automatic rifles , rocket-propelled grenade launchers and suicide vests . They destroyed six AV-8B Harrier jets and damaged two others before the attack ended , the coalition said . Fourteen of the fighters were killed and one was wounded and captured , ISAF said . Eight coalition military personnel and one civilian contractor were also wounded . It is too soon to say whether the attackers had "  inside knowledge , " ISAF spokesman James Graybeal said . ISAF would not say how the attackers got the uniforms , but CNN staff who have spent time in Afghanistan say they are for sale in markets there . There has been at least one other case of Afghan insurgents wearing U.S. uniforms , in May 2010 . And in Iraq five years ago , there was a dramatic and successful raid using the tactic . Attackers wearing what appeared to be American uniforms were responsible for the kidnapping and killing of five U.S. soldiers in Karbala , Iraq , in 2007 . Prince Harry is an Apache helicopter pilot based at Camp Bastion , but the British Ministry of Defence categorically rejected reports in Sunday 's British press that he was just a few hundred yards away from the gun battle . Harry , a grandson of Queen Elizabeth II and third in line to the British throne , "  was in no way in any danger " during the latest attack , ISAF spokesman Maj. Martin Crighton said earlier . On Saturday , ISAF said the camp is secure and the strike would not "  impact " air and ground operations . Camp Leatherneck , the U.S. side of the base , was not affected by the attack , Maj. Adam N. Wojack , an ISAF spokesman , told CNN . The joint base is located in a remote desert region of Helmand , the southern province in the Taliban heartland . The Taliban said it carried out the strike , calling it a response to the anti-Islam film stoking anger among Muslims . Yet Crighton said there had no organized demonstrations outside its gates before the assault . Afghanistan has seen only relatively small and peaceful demonstrations against the film during a week in which there were protests across predominantly Muslim-countries and other locations . Separately , four American troops were killed by Afghan police on Sunday , an administration official said after NATO 's International Security Assistance Force reported the attack . The latest attack on coalition troops by their supposed Afghan allies brings the number of people killed in so-called "  green on blue " incidents to more than 50 this year . The killing of the four Americans on Sunday is the latest in a series of incidents in which members of Afghan security forces have been suspected of turning their weapons on coalition or Afghan soldiers , known as green-on-blue attacks . White House says Karzai , Obama committed to preventing Afghan riots Sunday 's killings came only a day after the British Ministry of Defence announced that two troops had been killed in Helmand province 's Nahr-e Saraj district . In that attack , a man wearing an Afghan police uniform fatally shot two members of the 3rd Battalion at a checkpoint , according to Maj. Laurence Roche , a spokesman for Task Force Helmand , said in a statement released by the ministry . The killing occurred the same day that another British soldier died in in a separate incident in Nahr-e Saraj , according to the ministry . He was killed when his vehicle struck a bomb . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Adam S. Levine , Kevin Flower , Jessica King and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : It appears to be the first time Afghan insurgents have worn U.S. uniforms in years Insurgents in U.S. Army uniforms attack the camp where Prince Harry is based The well-trained , well-armed attackers kill two Marines and destroy six jets Four NATO troops killed by Afghan police were American , an official says
CNN  -- Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo has urged his team not to rest on their laurels after Fernando Alonso 's superb win at the British Grand Prix Sunday . Alonso 's victory at Silverstone was the team 's first since last October 's Korean Grand Prix , but Montezemolo , while also congratulating his charges , said Ferrari mush continue to improve . "  We managed to win and that is down to you -LSB- the team -RSB- and I want to thank you all for it , " the 63-year-old told the manufacturer 's official website . Alonso claims British win for Ferrari "  Now however , we must keep our feet on the ground ... we must take another step forward , because we want to win again this year : to succeed in that , you must all try and do your best in your daily work , trying to achieve a personal pole position . " Two-time world champion Alonso , 29 , is third in the drivers ' standings , behind the Red Bull duo of Australian Mark Webber in second and reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel in first . Ferrari have clinched 16 constructors ' championships in their illustrious history and are currently third in the team rankings , 54 points behind McLaren and 164 points behind runaway leaders Red Bull . Passing judgment : Hamilton must stay aggressive Team boss Stefano Domenicali accepted there was still a large gap between Ferrari and the championship leaders , but said Ferrari must not give up on their pursuit of British-based Red Bull . "  Let us continue like this , " the 46-year-old said . "  We are a long way off the leaders , but who knows , if things go in a certain way , the air could begin to get more rarefied . " Vettel , 24 , has become the first-ever driver to finish in the top two of the season 's opening nine rounds and he said Tuesday that Red Bull must now redouble their efforts . Latest Formula One standings after British Grand Prix "  It was a tough race and Ferrari were very quick , " the sport 's youngest-ever world champion told Formula One 's official website . "  We need to accept this and to understand that when you get beaten you have to accept it . It is a very important time now for the championship . "  We are in a good position still , but we need to keep working on ourselves otherwise the others come too close for our liking . " The Formula One circuit will now head to Germany , home ground for Vettel , and the 10th round of the season at the Nurburgring .	Luca di Montezemolo has warned against complacency at Ferrari after British GP win Fernando Alonso 's victory was Ferrari 's first since Korean GP in October 2010 Sebastian Vettel has said Red Bull must refocus after the setback at Silverstone
CNN  -- More than 28,000 people have died in drug violence in Mexico since President Felipe Calderon took office in December 2006 and stepped up the fight against organized crime , the nation 's intelligence and national security director said Tuesday . In addition , said Guillermo Valdes Castellanos , Mexican authorities and drug gang members have been engaged in 963 gun battles in that time period , or about one per day . The large number of confrontations show that the government is taking the fight to the drug cartels , which previously operated with impunity , Valdes said . Calderon said in April that more than 22,700 people had died in drug violence since he took office . The Mexican attorney general 's office said a few weeks ago the death toll for the same time period stood at 24,826 . "  Calderon and party probably never thought it would get this high , " said Samuel Logan , founding director of Southern Pulse Networked Intelligence , an online information network focused on Latin America . "  The acceleration year to year is an indication that things are likely to get worse before they get better . We are still on that footing . " Still , Logan cautioned that 90 percent to 95 percent on the fatalities are "  bad guy versus bad guy . " The latest tallies were revealed at a summit Calderon held Tuesday called "  Dialog for Security , Evaluation and Strengthening . " The president and other high functionaries , academics and security experts met in Mexico City and sat around a large table , calmly discussing the bloody struggle for control of the nation . They painted it as a matter of regaining control and rooting out corruption . Around the same time , firefights broke out in Reynosa , a city in the border state of Tamaulipas . Residents there sat around their computers and posted comments on Twitter about the violence outside their doors . "  Shootouts , chases & several blocked highways in Reynosa , " wrote Sergio Chapa , a reporter at KGBT-TV in the Rio Grande Valley of Texas , who covers the border region . Said a Twitter user who identified herself as DianaOlga , "  Reynosa is in chaos at this moment there is no nextel , the streets are closed you can only hear the bullets . " Another person noted that his father had been shot and he was leaving for Reynosa first thing in the morning . Many residents posted photos of blocked roads or people taking refuge during a gun battle . Tamaulipas has seen some of the most violent atrocities since January , when the Gulf and Zetas cartels went to war . The Zetas used to be the armed enforcers for the Gulf Cartel but broke away over a gang member assassination and other matters . Scared residents were n't the only ones tweeting about the violence Tuesday . The city government also took to the web to warn citizens . "  Blockades on 20th Street , Soriana Blvd. , Morelos , Gemelos Bridge , Libramiento Chedraui . Take precautions until new information , " the city government said . About a half-hour earlier the Reynosa government had posted a tweet that said , " RISKY SITUATION continues in VARIOUS POINTS IN THE CITY . It is convenient to PROTECT YOURSELF . Blockades to be confirmed . " Earlier Tuesday , an explosive device blew up at an open air market in the city , causing damage to structures but no casualties . At his summit Tuesday , Calderon said the violence could persist "  for a while among us . " That was n't welcome news to any Mexicans . But neither was it particularly surprising , especially to those in battleground areas . While the politicians talked in Mexico City , a twitterer who goes by the name of AnnyGirl1 summed up her day . "  A sad case , when I thought that things were calming in Reynosa , we woke up to a grenade attack and then 12 hours later a shootout . "	The new tallies were revealed at a summit called by President Felipe Calderon At the same time , residents in Reynosa reported gunfights and chaos Authorities also have engaged drug gangs more than 950 times since 2006 Mexican President Calderon said the death toll stood at nearly 23,000 in April
CNN  -- Take two parts Jamie Dornan 's bare torso , one part Dakota Johnson blindfolded and arching on a bed , mix in Beyonce singing over a throbbing beat with a dash of whips , and you 've got a recipe for a whole lot of hot . The new "  50 Shades of Grey " trailer premiered Thursday night during an episode of ABC 's hit show "  Scandal , " and wow . Fans got to see Christian Grey  Dornan  meet Anastasia  Johnson  and embark on quite the relationship . There 's some sexy elevator action , Mr. Grey looking every inch the dapper millionaire he is and a sneak peak at the Red Room of Pain very familiar to fans of the wildly successful E.L. James novel on which the film is based . Beyonce 's song "  Haunted " serves as a soundtrack for the trailer . There have been teases of what 's to come with the movie , which arrives on Valentine 's Day . But the almost 2Â 1/2 - minute trailer definitely whets the appetite -- despite knowing that there will be no full frontal action from Dornan . One fan summed it up like this in a tweet : "  50 SHADES OF GREY TRAILER OMFGG JAMIE . " Indeed . The SFW gif guide to the new '50 Shades ' trailer	The new trailer premiered Thursday night There was plenty of sexy action The film comes out on Valentine 's Day
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The official limousine awaiting President Barack Obama 's arrival in Israel malfunctioned after its driver refueled it using gasoline rather than diesel fuel , an official said Wednesday . The limo failed to start , and required towing in Jerusalem at 10 a.m. local time . Obama , who landed in Tel Aviv around noon , was not in the country at the time the limo was towed . A second presidential limo was brought to transport Obama . "  We experienced mechanical trouble with one of the cars , " Edwin Donovan , a spokesman for the Secret Service , told a pool reporter traveling with Obama . "  We do n't know the cause . " Donovan could n't confirm reports the limo was refueled using gasoline rather than diesel . "  That 's why we bring different multiple vehicles , " Donovan said . The tow truck company owner who picked up the limo said the U.S. consulate called him to tow the vehicle in Jerusalem because it would n't start . Multiple official vehicles are typically flown ahead of time to destinations where Obama is visiting . On his trip to the Mideast , Obama will stop in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem in Israel , Ramallah in the West Bank , and will visit with Jordan 's King Abdullah in that nation . The presidential limousine , known as the "  Beast , " is a specially built Cadillac that 's estimated to weigh 8 tons . There are multiple , identical copies that are used to transport Obama around Washington and on his trips out of town . The Secret Service is tight-lipped about the specifics of the vehicle , but the car reportedly features inches of armor and bulletproof glass , doors and windows that seal shut in the event of a gas attack , and special shocks to absorb blasts . It 's said to be built on a medium-grade truck chassis , the Chevrolet Kodiak , which runs on diesel fuel . Diesel engines differ from gas engines in the way the internal combustions are created to drive the pistons . Diesel engines utilize compressed air to generate heat that causes the fuel to ignite . Gas engines ignite fuel using spark plugs . Using gas instead of diesel could cause major damage to the pistons , wrist pins and connecting rods , which would be destroyed if the fuel is ignited at the wrong time . Gasoline is also less viscous than diesel , which acts as a lubricant for the fuel pump and fuel delivery systems . Those parts could also be destroyed if gasoline is pumped into a diesel engine . CNN 's Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	Barack Obama 's official limousine in Israel failed to start The driver refueled it using gasoline instead of diesel fuel The limo had to be towed and a second limo brought in for Obama
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Blake Mycoskie was traveling in South America when he saw , for the first time , hundreds of children without shoes . TOMS founder and entrepreneur Blake Mycoskie says he wanted to make money and do good at the same time . "  I had never met anyone who did n't have shoes , " the veteran entrepreneur told CNN . That visit to a village in Argentina inspired the creation of a socially responsible footwear company that blends philanthropy and business . Mycoskie called the company TOMS : Shoes For Tomorrow -- a name that reflects his desire to provide shoes for disadvantaged children in a sustainable way . Mycoskie , now 32 , said he realized he could make money and do good at the same time with TOMS . The company 's mission is uncomplicated : It gives a free pair of shoes to a child in need every time it sells a pair . Santa Monica , Calif.-based TOMS gave away 10,000 pairs of shoes in the first six months after its launch in 2006 . This year the company is on track to donate 200,000 pairs . The stylish slip-ons , which Vogue magazine declared "  cool shoes for a cool cause , " have become a must-have item among fashion elite and received the People 's Design Award from the Smithsonian 's Cooper-Hewitt Museum last year . By the time he launched TOMS , Mycoskie already had four start-ups under his belt . But he did n't always have his sights set on the business world . Growing up , his aim was to play professional tennis . He trained hard and earned a scholarship to Southern Methodist University , where he studied philosophy and finance . But an injury sidelined him his sophomore year . That 's when he got the idea for his first venture , a college laundry service . Within one year , the business , Easy Laundry , had 40 employees , had expanded to three schools and was generating nearly $ 1 million in sales . That 's when Mycoskie realized he was born to be an entrepreneur and dropped out of school . "  I realized I loved doing this . I realized I loved the idea of creating something out of scratch and seeing it work and seeing the benefits of that , " he said . Mycoskie eventually sold the company and began other ventures , including an outdoor advertising company and a 24-hours-a-day , 7-days-a-week reality TV channel , which he launched after appearing on the second season of "  The Amazing Race " with his sister . They finished the competition in third place  missing out on the million-dollar prize by just four minutes  , but the experience exposed Mycoskie to the astounding amount of poverty in the world -- a problem that TOMS is tackling today , one pair of shoes at a time .	Entrepreneur Blake Mycoskie is blending philanthropy with business He is the designer and self-titled "  chief shoe giver " at TOMS Shoes His company gives away a pair of shoes for every pair it sells TOMS expects to donate 200,000 pairs of shoes to children in need this year
Editor 's note : Malaak Compton-Rock is founder and director of The Angelrock Project , "  an online e-village promoting volunteerism , social responsibility , and sustainable change . " One of her initiatives , "  Journey for Change : Empowering Youth Through Global Service , " will be seen as part of CNN 's "  Black in America 2 . " Her first book is being published by Broadway Books in May , 2010 , titled , "  If It Takes a Village , Build One : How I Found Meaning Through a Life of Service to Others and 100 + Ways You Can Too . " Malaak Compton-Rock says focusing on problems facing African-Americans is difficult but necessary . CNN  -- In the words of my mentor and America 's foremost child advocate Marian Wright Edelman , founder and president of The Children 's Defense Fund , it 's time to "  raise a ruckus people , it is time to raise a ruckus ! " CNN 's "  Black in America " raised many critical issues facing African-American people in this great country of ours . It was not pretty , it was not flattering , but it was very , very frank . The show delved into the negative issues that have plagued the African-American community for generations , i.e. , crime , education , single parent families , drug abuse and the like . People got mad . People sent many e-mails and letters to Soledad O'Brien and CNN and cried foul . People said "  Black in America " was not consistent with the lives of many African-American people and was one-sided . Blogs and Web sites popped up all over the place where people "  raised a ruckus " about the content of the show . I read a lot of these comments . As a matter of fact , I was obsessed with people 's views for many weeks after the documentary aired . And the more I read , the more I got angry . The more I read , the more I wanted to "  raise my own ruckus . " But I was frustrated and upset for a very different reason than most . I was almost apoplectic with the amount of criticism for "  Black in America " without critical , thought provoking commentary about how each person can do their part to make a difference to change the very startling and distressing issues facing most African-American children and adults in America . On a typical day in the lives of black American children : And on a typical school day for black children in America : And consider that in America , -LSB- Statistics are from the Children 's Defense Fund 's Child Research Data . -RSB- This is serious stuff people . And it is the cold-hearted truth . So , it is okay to comment that the documentary did not represent your life . It is okay to comment that it was upsetting to see images of black men in jail , children dropping out of school , and unwed mothers . It is okay because the truth hurts , especially when it is seen by 16 million people . In fact , most of the images shown in "  Black in America " do not represent my personal life or the lives of my children . But because these issues face my brothers and sisters in my collective African-American family , they concern me , they hurt me , they belong to me , and I will own them . We know that as African-Americans we have come a long way . We know that we are doctors , lawyers , CEOs , philanthropists , politicians , and even the president of the United States of America . And yes , it would do our children a lot of good if these images were portrayed more frequently in the media . But this does not change the very real issues facing African-American people portrayed in "  Black in America . " And frankly , with so many of our people struggling , we ca n't just celebrate our achievements -- we must make it a priority to work on the most critical and urgent matters in our community . As I always say , "  The blessed and the best of us , must take care of the rest of us . " So why did the criticism make me so mad ? Because so much of it was unaccompanied by real ideas , thought-provoking suggestions , plans of action , or inspiring initiatives or solutions . How can you complain if you are unwilling to join the fight ? How can you get mad , if you are disinclined to make a difference in someone else 's life ? And why would you take the time to write an accusatory e-mail to Soledad O'Brien instead of writing a letter to your representative in Congress demanding health care for all children and pregnant women , increased funding for schools , or new initiatives to increase black-owned businesses in black neighborhoods ? "  Black in America 2 " will offer many solutions to the ills facing African-American people . I think it will make the naysayers happy . But it will only make me happy if the naysayers "  raise a ruckus " by joining the fight to better the lives of all black folks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Malaak Compton-Rock .	Malaak Compton-Rock : Some critical of "  Black in America " focus on problems She says community has serious challenges to overcome , particularly for children Compton-Rock : "  Black in America 2 " will show solutions She says naysayers must join the fight to improve conditions
CNN  -- Fine Arabic calligraphy and street art may seem worlds apart , but for artist eL Seed , they 're one and the same thing . eL Seed , a 31-year-old French Tunisian artist , has just used his distinctive style of Arabic street art , which he calls "  calligraffiti , " to decorate the tallest minaret in Tunisia with a verse from the Quran that tackles intolerance . The mural , on the Jara Mosque in eL Seed 's hometown of Gabes is 47 meters tall , 10 meters wide and covers two sides of the minaret , his biggest artwork to date . eL Seed said he was reacting to clashes between hardline Islamist Salafists and artists at an art fair in Tunis in June that showed works the Salafists believed was insulting to Islam . Tunisia has experienced the resurgence of ultra-conservative Islamist groups since since the revolution that ousted president Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011 . eL Seed said he believed both the artists and the religious extremists were showing intolerance and he wanted to bring a message of tolerance . "  My goal was to bring people together , which is why I chose these words from the Quran , " said eL Seed . "  I like graffiti because it brings art to everyone . I like the fact of democratizing art . "  I hope it will inspire other people to do crazy projects and not to be scared . " eL Seed , who was born and raised in France by a Tunisian family , grew up speaking Tunisian dialect . He did not learn to read or write Arabic until his late teens and discovered a renewed interest in his Tunisian roots . He began experimenting with street art both in France and Tunisia at the age of 16 , and gradually increased the scale of his work . He said street art has boomed in Tunisia since the revolution . "  Street art is not new to Tunisia , but it was much more small scale before the revolution , " he said . "  I would do a wall in a community and people in the neighborhood would come along and help me . "  In the beginning I would work when no-one was around , but as I got more well-known , people would invite me to decorate their walls . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Syrian artists fight Assad regime with satire After the revolution in January 2011 , street art was possible on a bigger scale , he said . "  Before the revolution art in Tunisia was quite bourgeois , but if you put big pieces of art on walls it is for everyone , " said eL Seed , now living in Montreal , Canada . "  The revolution pushed people to be more creative because before they were scared -- and now they have more freedom . " Exactly a year after the start of the protests against President Ben Ali which sparked uprisings across the Arab world , eL Seed took on his first large-scale mural to celebrate Tunisia 's revolution . In the city of Kairouani , he painted a giant mural with a passage from a Tunisian poem he intended as a message of hope to all those engaged in struggles against tyranny , corruption , and injustice . The wall he used had been used during the revolution to voice dissent during the revolution , he said , adding that six others spontaneously joined him to help with the mural . eL Seed wrote on his website : "  The wall on which we painted had actually been used to voice dissent and commentary throughout the protests . Folks painted freely on this wall and would discuss current opinions and the changing state of Tunisia . "  This wall , however , was painted over not long after the ousting of Ben Ali : Those revolutionary words no longer able to conjure the memories of defiance and dignity . In this sense , the mural creation became a public memorial commemorating these words and their meaning . " Also on Inside the Middle East : W hat happened to Tel Aviv 's tent city ? For his recent projects , eL Seed worked with a community organization Al Khaldounia , which obtained authorization for his murals . He was sponsored to do the minaret mural by Barjeel Art Foundation in the United Arab Emirates . In his earlier works , he simply asked people if he could paint on their walls . eL Seed chose his nickname as a tag for his grafitti at the age of 16 while studying a French novel "  Le Cid . " "  My teacher said ` le cid ' comes from the Arabic word ` el sayed ' which means ` the master , the man ' . So I was 16 years old and I said to myself ' I am the master , the man ' so I called myself ` eL Seed . ' " eL Seed has a solo exhibition opening at Gallery Itinerrance in Paris 13 on October 12 . Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN , writer Catriona Davies : @catrionadavies and digital producer Mairi Mackay : @mairicnn .	eL Seed painted tallest minaret in Tunisia with passage from Quran that tackles intolerance Artist 's work combines Arabic calligraphy and street art to form his distinctive "  calligraffiti " Says he was reacting to clashes between hardline Islamist Salafists and artists Street art has boomed in Tunisia since the revolution , says eL Seed
Djerba , Tunisia  CNN  -- The evacuation of the tens of thousands of refugees who have streamed across the Libyan border to Tunisia has stepped up dramatically . Tunisian authorities have established an air bridge from a provincial airport on the island of Djerba that is now moving out thousands of migrants a day . "  We are expecting 10,000 passengers to leave every day with 66 movements , that 's to say 66 planes , " said Djerba airport director Zouhaier Badreddine told CNN . "  The majority go to Egypt . But there are also Chinese , Pakistanis , Filipinos , Bangladeshi , Vietnamese , Turks in the beginning but now they all seem to have left . There are many nationalities and many destinations . " As of Thursday , more than 172,000 people had left Libya , most of them migrant workers returning home , the U.N. 's emergency relief coordinator , Valerie Amos , said in a statement issued Friday . Among them were women and children , she said . The United Nations ' figure was slightly less than that of the International Organization for Migration , which has been working with the U.N. refugee agency and estimated that 200,000 people had fled Libya . Some of those crossing the border told CNN that government forces in Tripoli had confiscated their mobile phones and cameras . A majority of those fleeing are Egyptians who had been working in Libya . But the foreign workers also include citizens of other nations including Bangladesh , Thailand , Vietnam , Sudan , Ghana and Mali . A U.S. Agency for International Development official said approximately 90,000 people were in transit camps over the Libyan border in Tunisia . Almost half of them are Egyptian , said the official , who did not want to be identified because he was not authorized to speak on the record . Closer to the Egyptian border , in the eastern city of Benghazi , about 8,000 foreigners awaited evacuation . They included Eritreans , Ethiopians and Somalis , according to the refugee agency . "  They appear to have gathered spontaneously and are camping together for security as they await , " refugee agency spokeswoman Melissa Fleming said in a statement . She said most of those people will be evacuated within two days . Another 110,000 people inside Libya have been affected by the crisis , the International Committee of the Red Cross said Friday . It appealed for $ 26 million to help those inside the country and those in Tunisia . The agency said it will use the money for food , water , medical care , sanitation and hygiene items . As the violence has escalated in the past few days , U.S. military aircraft and French charter jets have scrambled to evacuate tens of thousands from the north African nation . In Washington , President Barack Obama said he has approved the use of U.S. military aircraft to help Egyptians who have fled the unrest to return home . He said he authorized the U.S. Agency for International Development to charter additional planes . "  Tens of thousands of people from many different countries are fleeing Libya , and we commend the governments of Tunisia and Egypt for their response , even as they go through their own political transitions , " Obama said . The Pentagon announced that two planes carrying humanitarian supplies were being dispatched Friday to Tunisia in what has been dubbed Operation Odyssey Dawn ; the planes were carrying blankets , rolls of sheeting and water cans . CNN learned that a C-130 cargo plane labeled with a U.S. flag landed in Tunisia . Badreddine stood in the departure hall of an airport that normally welcomes sun-hungry European tourists traveling to the wind-swept beaches of Djerba 's Mediterranean coast . Instead , the hall was filled with hundreds of tired and dirty migrant workers . Some camped out on the floor on blankets . Others stood in orderly lines in front of a booth normally reserved for car rental companies and money exchange , which instead held Tunisian volunteers distributing sandwiches , fruit and water to the arrivals . "  Of the 50,000 refugees who have come through here " since the crisis began , Badreddine said , "  everybody has been given shelter and food at the airport . " The conditions at the airport were dramatically better than the scene that awaited many migrants immediately after entering Tunisia from Libya . On Thursday , more than 5,000 Bangladeshi men were camped out in a vacant lot next to the border gate , huddled under blankets next to a fetid pond of muddy water as howling winds whipped dust through the compound . Tunisian authorities and volunteers distributed food and water . A tent city that serves as a transit center was erected this week some 10 kilometers from the border . But the camp can hold only some 15,000 people -- that 's how many people are estimated to have arrived in a single day and not near enough to accommodate all those in need . Still , conditions have improved dramatically since Wednesday , when Libyan authorities began regulating the flow of refugees across the border . Instead of allowing them to mass by the thousands in front of the Tunisian border gate , refugees must now approach the border with Tunisia in orderly groups in single file . The U.N. refugee agency said Friday that the number of civilians fleeing the violence in Libya to Tunisia "  has dropped significantly since Wednesday afternoon , " with armed , pro-government forces manning the Libyan side . Compared with earlier in the week , when 10,000 to 15,000 people were crossing daily into Tunisia , fewer than 2,000 made it across on Thursday and about the same number did so on Friday , the agency said . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said it was "  very concerned that the security situation in Libya may be preventing people from fleeing . " The Libyan government appeared eager to show off the orderly border . Officials bused in a group of foreign journalists from Tripoli Thursday afternoon as part of a guided tour of the frontier region . But , upon their arrival in Egypt , dozens of refugees have said they had been robbed at Libyan checkpoints . Many said that , as they sought to get out of Libya , they were stopped and searched by Libyan security forces who confiscated their cell phones and computers . Many refugees also accused Libyan police and soldiers of having robbed them at gunpoint . "  I have no passport , only a passport photocopy , " said Mohammed Shafiq al Islam . The 29-year-old man sat on the floor of the airport with more than 100 Bangladeshis -- all of them awaiting a flight home . He wore a uniform labeled "  Hanil , " the name of the supply company that paid him $ 250 a month to work in Libya . "  The Libyan people take my money and passport and all the time say ' I will kill you , I will kill you , ' " al Islam said , speaking in broken English . "  I am run away  for  my life . " Like many Bangladeshi migrant workers , al Islam had borrowed some $ 4,000 to pay employment agencies to give him a job in Libya . Upon their arrival in Libya , many migrant workers were forced to hand over their passports to their employers . Human rights groups have denounced such practices , arguing they amount to little more than indentured servitude . The flight back to Bangladesh for al Islam and his fellow migrants will be free , but he and many of his fellow Bangladeshis face crushing debts . "  We are very helpless now ; we are beggars now , " al Islam said . Djerba airport officials said 25 flights were scheduled to take off Friday for Cairo . The French government has helped with the Egyptian airlift by chartering several passenger planes to Cairo . A number of charter flights are scheduled as well to India , Jordan , China , Vietnam and Dubai .	"  We are helpless now " U.N. estimates 172,000 people have fled Libya Most of them are migrants returning home 10,000 are expected to leave daily , a Tunisian airport official says
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI visited Jerusalem 's holiest sites Tuesday , touring areas sacred to Muslims , Jews and Christians and stressing the common threads of the three faiths . Pope Benedict XVI prays at the Old City 's Western Wall , also known as the Wailing Wall . After visiting the Dome of the Rock , an Islamic shrine , the pontiff prayed at the Old City 's Western Wall . Also known as the Wailing Wall , it was once part of Judaism 's Second Temple , which was destroyed . Later , the pope was scheduled to celebrate Mass at Gethsemane , the site where the Bible says Jesus prayed to God for guidance the night before his crucifixion . "  The Dome of the Rock draws our hearts and minds to reflect upon the mystery of creation and the faith of Abraham . Here the paths of the world 's three great monotheistic religions meet , reminding us what they share in common , " the pope said at the Islamic shrine after a meeting with the grand mufti of Jerusalem , the city 's top Muslim religious leader . "  Each believes in one God , creator and ruler of all . Each recognizes Abraham as a forefather , a man of faith upon whom God bestowed a special blessing , " the pontiff said . Muslims believe that the Dome of the Rock is where the Prophet Muhammad ascended to heaven , while Jews believe that it is where Abraham prepared to sacrifice Isaac . A short distance away in the Old City is the Church of the Holy Sepulcher , believed to be located on the site where Jesus was crucified and buried . The visit took place under extremely tight security . Security personnel with machine guns could be seen across the Temple Mount .	Visits Dome of the Rock , an Islamic shrine , before meeting city 's top Muslim leader In Islam Dome of the Rock is where Prophet Muhammad ascended to heaven Pope : "  Here the paths of the world 's three great monotheistic religions meet " Visit takes place under extremely tight security
Health.com  -- Four doses of rabies vaccine are enough to prevent infection in most kids exposed to the deadly virus , according to a new policy statement from the nation 's largest organization of pediatricians . Between 20,000 and 40,000 people in the U.S. receive the rabies vaccine each year , usually after being bitten by an animal . The standard vaccine regimen has been five shots over a 28-day period , but recent research has shown that the vaccine works in just four  or even three  shots . The American Academy of Pediatrics is now recommending that children who have potentially been exposed to rabies receive four shots in two weeks .  Children with weakened immune systems should continue to receive the five-shot regimen , the group says .  This recommendation affirms a set of 2010 guidelines for all ages from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Health.com : 12 vaccines your child needs The policy change is designed in part to avoid shortages of the vaccine , says Rodney E. Willoughby , M.D. , a professor and pediatrician at the Medical College of Wisconsin , in Milwaukee , who helped write the policy statement in this week 's issue of the journal Pediatrics . The most recent such shortage , in 2009 , required public health officials to ration rabies shots . The change will also minimize the small chance of side effects  such as hives and swelling  associated with the vaccine , says Brett Petersen , M.D. , an epidemic intelligence service officer in the CDC 's rabies department . "  It 's a very safe vaccine , but at the same time it does carry some risks , " he says . "  We want to limit the number of doses we 're giving to people . " Lowering the dose will also save nearly $ 17 million a year in health-care costs , the CDC estimates . Health.com : 8 ways to make shots easier for kids The rabies virus causes brain swelling that is almost always fatal , but the vaccine is 100 % effective when given in time . In the U.S. , just two to three people are infected with rabies each year . Rates of rabies in the U.S. began falling in the 1950s , when local governments began requiring that dogs be vaccinated against the disease . Most states now require cats to get the shots too . Wild animals -- especially bats -- are by far the most common cause of rabies exposure in the U.S. Bat bites , which typically occur when a person finds a bat in his home and tries to shoo it out , are responsible for 80 % of cases in which the vaccine is given , Willoughby says . "  Bats are about the size of mice and they have very small teeth , and so if you have a bat fly into you or bump you , that bat may have just bitten you and you may not appreciate it , " he says . "  The bat bite looks like a staple wound , and that 's enough to get rabies into you and kill you . " Health.com : Vaccines adults need now For nearly a century after Louis Pasteur invented it in 1885 , the rabies vaccine was made from ground-up animal brains and spinal cords . These vaccines -- "  really scary things , which were designed to prevent an even scarier disease , " Willoughby says -- were painful and dangerous , causing serious neurological damage in about 1 in every 1,000 people who received them . They were n't very potent , however , so as many as 21 of the shots were required . In the 1970s , the first vaccines made from weakened rabies virus grown in cell culture became available . These shots , which are still used today , are much safer and more effective than the old-fashioned rabies shots , and are delivered into the upper arm or thigh . Children are much more likely than adults to be exposed to rabies . Kids are less likely to fear wild animals , Willoughby says , and because of their small stature , they are more likely to be bitten in the face or neck , which means the virus can travel to the brain much more quickly . A key strategy for protecting kids against rabies is to teach them a healthy fear of wild animals , he adds . "  Wild animals are to be admired from a distance , and not approached or picked up . " Copyright Health Magazine 2010	Between 20,000 and 40,000 people in the U.S. receive the rabies vaccine each year The standard vaccine regimen has been five shots over a 28-day period Wild animals are by far the most common cause of rabies exposure in the U.S
CNN  -- A new night proved not to be a major hindrance to the Emmys . According to the Los Angles Times , Monday night 's NBC telecast of the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards saw a slight dip in viewership , with 15.6 million tuning in . Last year 's CBS show , hosted by Neil Patrick Harris , was Emmy 's most watched ceremony since 2005 , with 17.8 million total viewers . Yet even with the decline the show still won its time slot . TV By The Numbers reports that the Emmys garnered a 4.2 rating in the coveted 18-49 demographic . That made it NBC 's most successful Monday night programming in the past two years , excluding the Olympics . 5 buzzworthy moments of the 2014 Emmy Awards It was the first time the Emmys has n't aired on a Sunday night since 1976 . Last year 's show saw robust ratings despite the challenge of going up against series finales of popular cable shows "  Dexter " and "  Breaking Bad . " It also got help from having Sunday night football as a lead-in . This year 's show was hosted by late-night talk show host and former "  SNL " funnyman Seth Meyers . On Tuesday , NBC posted footage of Meyers ending the Emmys by participating in the ALS ice bucket challenge . Primetime Emmy Awards 2014 : The winners list	Monday night 's show draws 15.6 million viewers Last year 's had 17.8 million viewers Monday is first time Emmys has n't aired on a Sunday night since 1976
CNN  -- The parents of missing English toddler Madeleine McCann on Friday unveiled a digitally enhanced picture showing what she might look like today if she is still alive . Madeleine McCann was 3 when she disappeared in 2007 ; this photo shows what she may look like at 6 . Madeleine was 3 years old when she disappeared during a family vacation in Praia da Luz , Portugal , on May 4 , 2007 . Portuguese police closed the case last July without a resolution . The picture , which her parents revealed in an interview on the "  Oprah Winfrey Show " airing Monday , is a school-style photo showing Madeleine at 6 years old , with a pink headband and shoulder-length hair . An expert at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children created the image using photographs of Madeleine 's parents , a spokesman for the center told Guardian.co.uk . Kate and Gerry McCann also discussed how they 're coping with the disappearance of their daughter . "  Child abduction , I think , could destroy any family . There 's no doubt about it , " Gerry McCann told Winfrey . Watch why the McCann 's are waiting for Madeleine " "  But we 've been supported tremendously well and I think that 's helped us stay strong and stay together . Obviously , we 're really united in our goal and our love of Madeleine and Sean and Amelie . " Kate McCann said she keeps Madeleine 's room ready for her and admitted to visiting it twice daily , "  just -LSB- to -RSB- say hello ... just -LSB- to -RSB- tell her we 're still going ... to do everything we can to find her . " Madeleine vanished from the family 's holiday villa at the Portuguese beach resort while her parents dined in a nearby restaurant . The couple have campaigned publicly for information about their daughter 's whereabouts since her disappearance .	Digitally enhanced image shows what Madeleine McCann may look like today Madeleine was 3 when she disappeared during family vacation in Portugal Picture of 6-year-old Madeleine reportedly created from images of her parents Madeleine 's mother says she keeps her room ready , visits it twice daily
CNN  -- Ryder Cup hero Graeme McDowell has revealed he will join the U.S. PGA Tour next year , but Europe teammate Lee Westwood insists he will not be switching allegiance . U.S. Open champion McDowell , who beat Hunter Mahan in the deciding singles match at Celtic Manor on Monday , told reporters that he plans to try to qualify for the lucrative FedEx Cup playoffs . "  I wo n't be playing as many events in America as , say , Luke Donald and Justin Rose , but I am taking up my card , " the Northern Irishman said on Wednesday . "  I had one in 2006 but got injured early in that season , and now I want to give it a real try . " But world No. 2 Westwood , who can topple Tiger Woods from the top of the rankings if he finishes first or second at the Dunhill Links Championship in Scotland this week , has decided to stay on the European Tour -- which he won last year . If he succeeds , he will be the first European golfer to reach No. 1 since compatriot Nick Faldo in 1994 . "  The FedEx Cup sits right in the middle of the kids ' summer holidays , and I like going on holiday with them , " said the Englishman , who has twice finished second in major events this year . "  I do n't want to be dictated to by having to go to America to play FedEx Cup when it does n't really mean that much to me . It does n't mean enough to me , anyway . "  I think they -LSB- the PGA Tour -RSB- would like me to go and be a member there , but as of Monday evening I became an individual again and I do what 's right for Lee Westwood now . " The 37-year-old could end Woods ' five-year reign even if he took the next fortnight off , but has decided to defend his Portugal Masters title next week as well . "  That 's not me . That 's not the way I want to do it . I want to get to world number one by playing the way I have for the last two years and proving I 'm the best , " he said . Woods , who has struggled following his return to action after his well-publicized marital problems , will not play again until November , when he plays tournaments in China and Australia . Westwood is paired with Ryder Cup teammate Rory McIlroy for Thursday 's opening round at Gleneagles , and the 21-year-old Northern Irishman revealed that he will be cutting back his schedule next year . McIlroy played on both circuits this year after finishing second overall in Europe in 2009 , making his breakthrough triumph on the PGA Tour at Quail Hollow in May . "  I will only be playing 25 tournaments in all next year as against 29 on both tours this year , " he said .	U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell plans to take up PGA Tour card in 2011 McDowell 's Ryder Cup teammate Lee Westwood will stay on European Tour World No. 2 Westwood can topple top-ranked Tiger Woods this weekend Another Ryder Cup winner , Rory McIlroy , plans to reduce his playing schedule next year
CNN  -- Interior Department officials announced an extensive restructuring of the agencies that oversee offshore oil drilling Wednesday , pledging "  fundamental change " for a system widely criticized after the worst oil spill in U.S. history . The expected moves split the since-renamed Minerals Management Service into separate agencies , with one responsible for approving offshore leases and another to enforce safety and environmental laws . Michael Bromwich , the head of the current Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation , and Enforcement , told reporters the reorganization is aimed at beefing up safety after "  decades of neglect " and conflicts of interest among regulators . "  This reorganization is much more than just moving boxes around , " Bromwich said . "  It is about a comprehensive review and a fundamental change in the way that these agencies operate . " The Interior Department said it plans to have its newly created Bureau of Ocean Energy Management and Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement up and running by October 1 . A separate agency to collect revenues from leases was spun off from MMS in 2010 . The announcement came eight days after the presidential commission that investigated last April 's sinking of the drill rig Deepwater Horizon sharply criticized regulators for their passivity , finding they were outmatched , underfunded and had conflicting responsibilities that prevented them from effective oversight of the offshore oil industry . The sinking killed 11 workers and uncapped an undersea gusher that spewed more than 200 million gallons of crude into the Gulf of Mexico before it was contained in June . Efforts to reshape the MMS began shortly after the explosion . Before the disaster , internal watchdog reports criticized MMS inspectors for accepting meals and tickets to sporting events from oil companies they monitored in the Gulf and found regulators in the agency 's Colorado office received improper gifts , engaged in illegal drug use and had inappropriate sexual relationships with energy industry representatives . The Interior Department is also setting up a committee of top scientists and engineers to recommend improvements in offshore safety and well containment procedures . Tom Hunter , the former head of Sandia National Laboratories , will lead that committee , the department announced . "  I think what has become abundantly clear through the various investigations , including the report of the Deepwater Horizon Commission , is that industry moved deeper and deeper into our nation 's waters , " Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said . "  And while the technology for oil and gas drilling in those waters developed very quickly , other technologies that should have come along hand-in-hand simply did not . "	The former Minerals Management Service is being split into permitting and safety bureaus The agency was widely criticized before the Deepwater Horizon disaster A separate safety committee will review drilling and spill response plans
CNN  -- A former U.S. soldier charged with attempting to join a terrorist group was sentenced to seven years in prison Monday after pleading guilty to destroying records that could be used in a terror investigation , federal prosecutors said . U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz also sentenced the ex-soldier to five years of supervised release after his prison time . Craig Benedict Baxam , 26 , of Laurel , Maryland , was arrested in Kenya in December 2011 en route to southern Somalia where he planned to join al Shabaab , according to a summary of the plea agreement in a news release from U.S. Attorney for the District of Maryland Rod Rosenstein . "  Baxam told the agents that because of his prior service in the U.S. Army , and specifically his training and experience in military intelligence , he knew of the U.S. government 's capabilities in tracing internet protocol addresses and other investigative techniques , " the plea agreement states . "  Consequently , before leaving the U.S. , he destroyed his personal home computer and threw the remains in a dumpster . " The news release continues : "  He told the agents that he did not want any record left behind , and that he wanted to maintain a low profile . He also said that he purchased a round trip plane ticket to Kenya rather than a one-way ticket even though he had no intention of returning to the U.S. , in order not to arouse the suspicion of the FBI and U.S. military . " According to a criminal complaint , Baxam departed the United States on December 20 , 2011 , for Kenya , where he was arrested three days later by Kenyan authorities on suspicion of terrorism . Baxam was interviewed twice by FBI agents while in Kenyan custody and allegedly told them he wanted to join al Shabaab , live under Sharia law and never intended to leave Somalia . Baxam told the FBI he did n't have the names of any contacts in Somalia but that he "  trusted in Allah , " the complaint said . Baxam said he was "  looking for dying with a gun in my hand " and said he would be guaranteed a place in paradise , according to the criminal complaint . Prosecutors said at the time of his arrest that Baxam had secretly converted to Islam days before leaving the Army in July . He joined the Army in 2007 and underwent eight months of advanced training for cryptology and intelligence , according to the government . After his training , Baxam was deployed to Baghdad and to South Korea , where he separated from the service one month before the completion of his deployment . The court document did not explain how Baxam left the Army early . A law enforcement official said at the time of his arrest that there was no information to suggest Baxam had compromised any military information . Prosecutors say Baxam cashed out his retirement savings account of more than $ 3,600 . He allegedly planned to give al-Shabaab between $ 600 and $ 700 as an offering upon his arrival , authorities said . "  FBI Special Agents in Africa , working alongside our Kenyan police partners , worked together to stop an individual who is now alleged to have been on his way to join a major terrorist group , " said Richard McFeely , the FBI agent in charge of the Baltimore office . "  This spirit of cooperation in fighting terrorism continues to transcend borders around the world . Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness CNN 's Paul Courson and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Prosecutor : Craig Baxam dodged government tracing by destroying personal computer Baxam , 26 , joined Army in 2007 , underwent months of cryptology , intelligence training He was arrested in Kenya in 2011 on suspicion of terrorism , en route to Somalia Prosecutors say Baxam secretly converted to Islam days before leaving the Army in 2011
Women 's rights groups responded angrily Tuesday to comments by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan that women and men are not equal "  because their nature is different . " Eight groups signed a statement condemning his remarks as violating the national constitution and international agreements , saying he aimed to "  denigrate decades of effort by women 's movements for gender equality . " Activists planned to hold a march later Tuesday to mark the United Nations ' International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women . Erdogan kicked off the firestorm Monday at a summit hosted by an Istanbul-based women 's group , when he said women 's "  equality before justice " was what was key , rather than actual equality . "  Equality is turning the victim into an oppressor by force or vice versa . What women need is to be able to be equivalent , rather than equal , so it is justice . That is what we need , " he said . "  You can not bring women and men into equal positions ; that is against nature because their nature is different . " Erdogan also told the event , organized by the Women and Democracy Association , that a woman can not do every job that a man can do because "  it is against her delicate nature . " Hailing the achievement of motherhood , he cited the needs of pregnant women or nursing mothers as examples of why women could not be equal to men in the workplace . According to Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency , Erdogan also insisted his government has always been behind women in their struggle for equal rights and said it would continue to support them . However , in their joint statement , the women 's groups said Erdogan was spouting rhetoric he first voiced in 2010 and that he had shown no intention of changing track . They also argued that the rejection of universal equality is an important factor in increased violence against women . "  We ... believe that equality is not a bargaining chip but a democratic and universal right and that we will not give up on striving for equality , " the statement said . "  We reject the rhetoric which we believe is an effort to take back rights which were attained by women nearly 100 years ago . " Turkey fared badly in the latest World Economic Forum 's Global Gender Gap Report , coming 120th out of 142 countries in 2013 . This made Turkey the lowest-ranking country in the whole of the Europe and Central region , although it had made progress in its overall score and rank since the previous year , the report 's authors said .	Women 's rights groups are angry over remarks by Turkish President Erdogan says women and men are not equal "  because their nature is different " Women need "  to be equivalent , rather than equal , " he says , saying they can not do all jobs Rights groups accuse Erdogan of trying to erode rights attained by women decades ago
MERRICK , New York  CNN  -- "  This is a healthy 9-year-old boy . How in the world could his heart just stop ? " Robbie Levine died at age 9 after running the bases at a Little League game . Standing in the emergency room the night of September 27 , 2005 , that 's the question Jill Levine kept asking herself . She 'd just gotten news that she found impossible to comprehend : Her eldest son , Robbie , a fourth grader , had died . About an hour earlier , Robbie had been running the bases at Little League practice near their home in Merrick , a suburb of New York City . Levine 's husband , Craig , who coached the team , was standing at first base when Robbie ran by him . "  I remember thinking I 'd never seen him run so fast , " he recalled . But seconds later , he turned to see that his son had collapsed right on home plate . Craig Levine ran to Robbie 's side , realized that Robbie did n't have a pulse and began administering CPR . Several minutes passed before an ambulance arrived . Robbie was pronounced dead at the hospital . With two other young children , Jill Levine says she did n't give herself the option to become paralyzed with grief after her tragic loss . Instead , she took action . "  I knew that -LSB- Robbie -RSB- could have had a chance if there was a defibrillator , " she says . So for the past 2 1/2 years , Levine has dedicated herself to raising awareness about the need for these cardiac devices in youth sports , which she does through her Robbie Levine Foundation , co-founded with her husband . Automated external defibrillators -- also known as AEDs -- administer electrical shocks that can restore a heart to its normal rhythm . When used in conjunction with CPR , these machines can make the difference between life and death . The American Heart Association reports that after sudden cardiac arrest , every minute without CPR and defibrillation reduces survival by 7-10 percent . More than 165,000 adults die from sudden cardiac arrest each year , according to the heart association . While statistics are n't kept regarding the number of children who experience such incidents , some states have laws requiring defibrillators in schools . Yet Levine believes that if an incident occurs on a playing field , even having a defibrillator in a nearby school building might not be enough . "  Literally every minute counts , " she stresses . "  When you 're out using a field , it 's too far away . " Watch Levine recall the personal tragedy that motivated her to take action " Through her foundation , Levine works to convince youth sports leagues to buy defibrillators and get people trained to operate them . She spends her days sending out an educational DVD produced by her foundation and talking to parents and coaches . Since defibrillators cost between $ 1,200 and $ 1,600 , her foundation often donates one to a league that commits to starting a program . But even so , Levine often encounters resistance . "  The biggest obstacles that we face are people 's fears , " she says . "  But I just keep repeating over and over again : ` If it 's not there , it ca n't help . ' " Watch Levine and her husband describe some misperceptions about defibrillators " Levine 's goal is to make defibrillators mandatory safety equipment for youth sports , like a batting helmet in baseball . To date , she has raised approximately $ 200,000 and has helped put more than 100 defibrillators on playing fields around the country . Watch Levine explain some ways to help keep young athletes safe " For Levine , keeping other kids safe is the best way to honor Robbie . "  This horrific thing happened to us , " she says . "  All I can do is make it so that no other family ever has to go through this . "	Robbie Levine died at age 9 after running the bases at a Little League practice His parents set up a foundation in his memory to raise defibrillator awareness Automatic defibrillators can help make the difference between life and death She has helped put 100-plus defibrillators on playing fields around the U.S.
CNN  -- Taken at face value , a Barack Obama presidency should be a big deal for Africa . On Election Day I attended an all-nighter organized in Lagos by the U.S. Diplomatic Mission to celebrate America 's democracy . Two large screens relayed CNN 's coverage while a succession of speakers -- including a recently re-elected Nigerian governor -- took to the stage to reflect on America and its democratic ideals . Outside the hall sat a mock polling booth , where guests filled a ballot paper and dropped it in a box , watched over by life-size cardboard cut-outs of the two contenders . In the early hours of the morning the results were tallied and announced . Obama took 219 Nigerian votes , to Mitt Romney 's 30 . A friend standing with me when the results were announced could n't help wondering aloud who those 30 people were who had chosen Romney over Obama . As I pointed out in a recent CNN piece , Nigerians , like the rest of sub-Saharan Africa , have an "  instinctive fondness " for Mr. Obama , and for an obvious reason : he is a "  son " of the continent -- his father was born in Kenya ; his grandmother still lives there . Just before I left the event , a friend observed that he still had n't found a single Nigerian who could point to any reason why they were rooting for Obama , beyond his African roots . That obsession with Obama appears to obscure the fact that his predecessor -- the white , Republican George W. Bush -- demonstrated a more obvious commitment to the continent during his first presidential term . In 2003 , a few months after the U.S. invasion of Iraq , Bush signed into law a bill establishing the U.S. President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  PEPFAR  , in fulfilment of a promise made during his State of the Union Address earlier that year . Under the terms of the plan , Bush pledged $ 15 billion towards fighting HIV/AIDS . In 2008 he renewed the commitment for another five years . Before him , President Bill Clinton -- honored by the Congressional Black Caucus , months after he left office , as America 's "  first Black President " -- created the African Growth and Opportunities Act  AGOA  , a landmark piece of legislation that opened up American markets to African countries . Obama , on the other hand , has demonstrated what has been interpreted as a studied detachment towards sub-Saharan Africa . His only visit in his first four years , to Ghana in 2009 , lasted less than 24 hours . Dr. Folarin Gbadebo-Smith , Director of the Lagos-based Centre for Public Policy Analysis , argues that Obama is in a "  conflicted position " -- compelled to exercise caution in his engagement with Africa "  for fear that such a position will become ammunition in the hands of the lunatic right , Tea Party types and those who insist he is not an American and is really a Muslim . " But if the affection of the continent towards Mr. Obama -- at an all time high in 2008 when he first took office -- has cooled in the last few years  ostensibly as a response to his perceived nonchalance  , his re-election appears to have reawakened the enthusiasm . "  We look forward to the deepening of relations between our two countries during your second term in office , " Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki said in a congratulatory message . From Nigeria came a message by a presidential spokesperson , saying "  President Jonathan looks forward to continuing to build on Nigeria and Africa 's developmental collaboration with the United States in the next four years . " With the pressure of re-election now gone , Smith says "  the second term would be a more opportune time for Obama to work with Africa . " While Michelle Obama visited the continent in 2011 , the least that many Africans will be expecting from Obama during his second term would be a powerfully symbolic visit of his own to Africa . But that trip , if it ever happens , would be the easiest of the Africa-focused tasks in the Oval Office in-tray . And it would also do little to clarify the monumental complexity of dealing with a rapidly changing African landscape . For one , there 's China 's aggressive engagement with the continent , which appears to be happening at the expense of countries like America . In 2009 , Obama 's first year in office , China overtook America as Africa 's largest trading partner . America 's discomfiture with that state of affairs bubbled to the surface most recently last August , when Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , during a visit to Senegal , lamented that "  the days of having outsiders come and extract the wealth of Africa for themselves , leaving nothing or very little behind , should be over in the 21st century . " There is also the aftermath of the Arab Spring . The murder of the U.S. Ambassador to Libya is evidence of how much things have changed in the region in the last two years . And then there is the rise of extremist Islam in West Africa . In January 2009 , Hillary Clinton told a U.S. Senate committee that "  combating al Qaeda 's efforts to seek safe havens in failed states in the Horn of Africa " would be a key part of America 's Africa policy . The years since then have seen the rise of Boko Haram in Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation , and of extremists in Northern Mali . Last June , the White House unveiled a new sub-Saharan Africa strategy built around four "  objectives " : Democracy , Trade & Investment , Peace & Security , and Development . But it remains to be seen whether Obama will unveil an Africa project on a scale comparable to AGOA and PEPFAR . Not that he is obliged to , anyway . And with the American economy still in dire straits , and requiring full time attention , he is unlikely to get much backslapping at home for expending his energy on matters that have no direct bearing on America 's near future . The opinions expressed in this piece are solely those of Tolu Ogunlesi .	Obama , "  son " of Africa , remains hugely popular on the continent Ogunlesi : George W. Bush showed more commitment to Africa in first term than Obama Obama unlikely to see U.S. political benefit in launching African aid programs
CNN  -- Manager Ozzie Guillen was back in the dugout Tuesday night after serving a five-game suspension imposed by the Miami Marlins for his comments praising former Cuban leader Fidel Castro and angering the city 's sizable Cuban-American population . "  It 's been a tough couple of days , you know what I mean ? " Guillen , in his first season as Marlins manager , told reporters before a game against the Chicago Cubs . "  I feel proud of the players and the coaching staff because they play well -- we wish they 'd won a couple more games , but they ... went after their job very good , the way I thought they were gon na go about their business , and there 's no one more excited than me to be back with them . " In an interview with Time magazine earlier this month , Guillen said , "  I love Fidel Castro , " adding , "  You know why ? A lot of people have wanted to kill Fidel Castro for the last 60 years , but that  expletive  is still there . " After those comments , demonstrators rallied outside the Marlins ' new $ 634 million stadium to denounce Guillen . The stadium is in the Little Havana section of the city , home to many who fled Cuba after Castro 's 1959 communist revolution . Guillen incurs wrath of Cuban-Americans Guillen apologized during a news conference April 10 -- first speaking in Spanish -- saying that he had "  betrayed a Latin community " and that he was speaking ask for forgiveness with my heart in my hand . " Guillen 's remarks came as his Marlins , who had often suffered from weak attendance despite winning two World Series , were seeking to burnish their brand . The club had moved into a new park in the heart of the city , changed its name  formerly the Florida Marlins  , redesigned its uniforms and invested in some key offseason acquisitions . Among those moves was the hiring of Guillen , who in his previous managerial position with the Chicago White Sox had developed a reputation for building winning teams and , from time to time , making headlines with blunt remarks . In 2006 , he apologized for making an anti-gay slur against a Chicago newspaper columnist , and in 2010 he said it was unfair that Japanese ballplayers got translators when Spanish-speaking players did n't . The Castro comment controversy appeared to have settled down Tuesday night as Guillen took his spot in the dugout for the game with the Cubs . If anyone was protesting in Marlins Park , it was not discernible over the gametime buzz of a pitching duel between Marlins ace Josh Johnson and the Cubs ' Ryan Dempster . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	"  It 's been a tough couple of days , " Miami manager Ozzie Guillen tells reporters Guillen had been suspended by the Marlins for comments he made praising Fidel Castro Anti-Castro sentiment is strong in Miami 's Cuban-American population At gametime , fans seem more focused on baseball , not controversy
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Arizona shooting suspect Jared Loughner photographed himself posing with a 9mm handgun while wearing a red G-string , a law enforcement source said Saturday . It 's not clear when the photo was taken , but it was among those on a roll of 35 mm film that Loughner dropped off at a Walgreens store in the hours before the shooting rampage that took six lives and left 13 others wounded , including U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . The photo , which has not been made public , shows Loughner posing with the handgun covering his groin , according to the source . A Walgreen 's employee who saw the photos contacted police . The FBI is analyzing the photos , according to police . Police say Loughner used a 9mm Glock handgun with an extended magazine in the attack on a constituents meeting hosted by Giffords outside a Tucson , Arizona , Safeway store on January 8 . Loughner is being held without bail on federal charges of murder , attempted murder and attempting to kill a member of Congress . Meanwhile , a new video reportedly narrated by Loughner also has emerged . The video , released by Pima Community College to the Los Angeles Times and KOLD-TV following a public records request , was cited in campus police records as among the reasons administrators suspended Loughner in September following a series of outbursts and incidents that disrupted classes and left teachers and students shaken . The undated video does not show Loughner or explicitly identify him , but includes many of the same themes attributed to him in other online venues , including statements about currency , mind control and grammar . The narrator also identifies himself as "  Jared of Pima College . " The narrator opens the nighttime walking video tour of the campus by saying "  All right , so here is what we are doing . We are examining the torture of students . " During the video , another man emerges from a building and the narrator calls out "  How 's it going ? " He then says , "  Thanks for the B. I 'm pissed off man . What 's that ? " He then laughs and adds , "  I lost my freedom of speech to that guy , and this is , this is what happens and I 'm in a terrible place . " He later refers to a sociology teacher who he said gave him a B grade . He also complains about illiterate students and campus police , calling the college "  one of the biggest scams in America . " He calls the college his "  genocide school " and complains he will be homeless because of it . "  If the student is unable to locate the external universe , the student is unable to locate the internal universe , " the narrator says . "  Where is all my subjects ? I could say something sound right now but I do n't feel like it . " He ends the video saying , "  This is genocide in America . Thank you . This is Jared of Pima college . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	The photo was on a roll of film police say Loughner dropped off for processing , source says A Walgreen 's employee saw the photos and contacted police Loughner describes the college he attended as "  my genocide school " in newly released video
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- I recently stumbled on a Nigerians For Obama Twitter handle , launched on October 10 this year . "  We nigerians in American  sic  want to tell obama that we have got his back , " the inaugural tweet read . There 's nothing surprising about that -- after all , Barack Obama , born of an African man , is "  our son . " The story of "  Obamagic " goes back four years , when it emerged that a black man actually stood a chance of becoming the president of the most powerful country in the world . Here , the boss of the stock exchange launched an "  Africans for Obama " group  never mind that she probably meant to say "  Billionaire Nigerians for Obama "  and organised a fund-raising dinner that amassed $ 600,000 for the Democratic candidate . Postcard : Why Berliners , U.S. are kindred spirits There was only one snag ; no one had taken the time to find out what American campaign financing laws had to say about such a move . The Obama campaign was n't allowed to receive the money , and Nigeria 's anti-graft agency stepped in to probe the fundraising . For those who could n't say "  Yes we can " with their checkbooks , there was Facebook which , back then , was a relatively new phenomenon in Nigeria . We could join the Americans and the rest of the world to share our opinions about the son of Africa on his way to the White House . Just a year after Nigeria 's 2007 general elections -- which brought Umar Yar ` Adua to power in a election derided by some as a "  charade " -- Obama 's race to the White House was a chance for Nigerians to vicariously participate in a political process that appeared transparent and was no doubt inspiring ; not to mention the amusement of indulging in debates about whether things would 've been different had Barack Obama , Sr. been Nigerian and not Kenyan . Map : The world weighs in on the U.S. election Four years later , a lot has changed . The novelty of 2008 has worn off , and many Nigerians appear to have moved on . Much of the energy that in 2008 went into the U.S. elections has since found an outlet in our own electoral processes . As I wrote this piece one of the prominent things on my Twitter timeline was a running commentary on the live broadcast of the governorship debate in Nigeria 's Ondo State , where elections are due this weekend . A scenario like this was highly unlikely four years ago . We also now have our own "  Facebook President " -- Goodluck Jonathan announced his decision to run for president on Facebook , and is today one of the world 's most "  liked " heads of state on the social networking site  he has actually been called "  Nigeria 's Obama . "  It is this homegrown excitement that the Obama-Romney contest now has to compete against . I 've been randomly asking friends if they stayed up to watch the first presidential debate . While most respondents did n't , as the debate took place at 3:00 a.m. here , a U.S. debate is just the sort of thing -- like the Academy Awards or English Premier League matches -- that would have set Twitter afire in Lagos . Postcard : Obama 's ` hope ' a mirage for hostile Pakistanis I awoke the next morning to find a BlackBerry message from a friend to a group of 16 of us . He 'd sent it during the debate , asking if anyone was up . When I saw it the next morning , I panicked slightly , wondering what emergency had arisen overnight . It turned out there 'd been no emergency ; he simply wanted to know if anyone else was watching . Only one other member of the group was awake at that time . Lawyer and Big Brother Nigeria alumnus Ebuka Obi-Uchendu , another of my friends who watched that first debate , told me he did so as a "  cynic " , merely for an opportunity to see Barack Obama "  challenged " after a lackluster first term . Linda Ikeji , Nigeria 's best-known entertainment blogger , has been weighing in on the U.S. presidential debates . In response to her post asking readers if they watched the first debate , and if it "  harm -LSB- ed -RSB- " Obama , a comment described the U.S. president as "  simply clueless " -- an interesting choice when one considers that "  clueless " is one of the most widely used epithets used to describe President Jonathan . Postcard : War-scarred Baghdad has little faith in election Perhaps we 're seeing in Obama a reflection of our own president : swift dissipation of a hope founded largely on a campaign charged with personal stories ; a case of soaring soapbox poetry swiftly replaced by the clunky prose of presidential politics . Yet none of the Nigerian love Obama may have lost appears to have found its way to Mr. Romney . Blogger Ikeji 's post about the second debate clearly demonstrates that the fondness for Mr. Obama in these parts is instinctive . In the last couple of days I 've seen friends on social media tickled by the idea of a "  Myth Romney . " Mitt 's faith is n't a big help to him here either , in a country where fervent Pentecostals remain wary of Mormons  of whom there are roughly 100,000 in Nigeria today  . Postcard : Obama , Romney ignore Afghans at own peril Still , we 're nowhere near the 2008 levels of U.S. election enthusiasm . If the Africans for Obama dinner was the high point of 2008 , the high point of the 2012 U.S. presidential season in Nigeria was the controversy around the presence of opposition party leader Bola Tinubu at the Democratic National Convention . Initial reports quoted his team as saying he was specially invited by Obama -- but it quickly emerged that Tinubu did not receive any special invitation , and his party reportedly said he 'd paid a fee to attend . For days national media feasted on the story and the ruling People 's Democratic Party seized its chance to pillory the opposition Action Congress of Nigeria , describing it as "  founded on fraud and deceit . " Postcard : Greeks fear what could follow U.S. election That sort of name-calling , as opposed to debates around manifesto highlights , lies at the heart of Nigerian politics . 2015 might actually end up being the first Nigerian general election in recent history in which "  issues " -- power , state subsidies , taxation , roads , etc. -- will carry the day . Just maybe . Since we 're not conditioned to judging candidates on the strength or otherwise of their beliefs in health insurance or taxation or foreign policy , it 's easy to tune off when the American elections slide into that territory . "  A lot of Nigerians do n't understand the politics or economy of America , " says journalist Olumide Iyanda , Saturday Editor at the Lagos-based Independent Newspapers . "  It 's the soap opera that Nigerians are interested in , not the issues . "	In 2008 , Nigerians were inspired by Barack Obama 's run for the U.S. presidency Ogunlesi : "  Obamagic " has largely worn off , but he remains more popular than Romney Ogunlesi : Nigerians are more interested in the campaign drama than the political issues
CNN  -- A federal judge in New Orleans has ruled that Halliburton is not liable for the some of the compensatory damages sought by third parties in the worst oil spill in U.S. history , leaving BP responsible for the majority of those claims . "  BP is required to indemnify Halliburton for third-party compensatory claims that arise from pollution or contamination that did not originate from the property or equipment of Halliburton located above the surface of the land or water , even if Halliburton 's gross negligence caused the pollution , " the order states . The judgment is similar to the decision that came down last week regarding Deepwater Horizon rig owner Transocean 's responsibility in the 2010 Gulf of Mexico disaster . In the ruling Tuesday , Judge Carl Barbier notes the similar contractual indemnity issues between Transocean and Halliburton , and accordingly left it open as to whether Halliburton would also be held liable for punitive damages or civil penalties under the Clean Water Act . Halliburton was contracted by BP to cement the Macondo well that was the source of the oil spill , and had argued its contract protected the energy company from legal action resulting from its work . "  Halliburton agrees with the ruling to the extent that it requires BP to honor its contractual indemnity obligations , " said Beverly Stafford , Halliburton 's director of corporate affairs . Earlier this month , National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration scientists said they had confirmed through chemical testing just how much oil was released in the disaster , which begain with the April 20 , 2010 , rig explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon that claimed 11 lives , and continued for nearly three months afterward . NOAA said approximately 59,200 barrels of liquid oil per day flowed out into the Gulf , and that the "  leaking gas and oil quickly separated " into three different areas : as an underwater plume of droplets , an airborne plume of evaporating chemicals , and the slick of oil visible on the Gulf 's surface . BP said Tuesday that Halliburton still needs to be held accountable . "  Today 's ruling , together with last week 's decision on Transocean 's financial obligations stemming from its conduct at the Macondo well , is a strong signal that contractors involved in critical well operations will be held accountable for their actions under the law , " a BP statement said . "  All official investigations have concluded that Halliburton played a causal role in the accident , and following this ruling , Halliburton is , at a minimum , responsible for any punitive damages as well as civil penalties to the extent that they may apply under the Clean Water Act . Moreover , the court determined that if Halliburton is found to have committed fraud , then the indemnity could be void , " BP said . Last September , the government issued a formal report on the oil spill , finding that BP , Transocean and Halliburton all shared responsibility for the explosion , but that BP was "  ultimately responsible " for operations at the site "  in a way that ensured the safety and protection of personnel , equipment , natural resources , and the environment . " The British oil giant said it has already paid billions in damages and that the other culpable parties are still on the hook . "  BP has acknowledged its role in the accident and has paid more than $ 7.8 billion in claims , advances and other payments to individuals , businesses and governments , regardless of whether third parties ultimately would be responsible for any of that sum or additional liabilities . Our charges and provisions never assumed any recovery from Transocean or Halliburton for pollution-related damages . These two decisions should put an end to the attempts by Transocean and Halliburton to avoid their obligations . " A trial to determine how the division of blame will be allocated is set to begin on February 27 in New Orleans .	Court sides with Halliburton 's indemnity in its contract with BP to cement the Macondo well Ruling is similar to a decision last week regarding rig owner Transocean 's responsibility BP says Halliburton still needs to be held accountable
Washington  CNN  -- It was the fall of 1995 , and there was open warfare in Washington over the Republicans ' Contract with America . Liberals had declared that civilization as we knew it was imperiled by the evil machinations of Newt Gingrich and Co. . This is to be expected of liberals on Capitol Hill -- but those were n't the effective ones . It was their colleagues in the national so-called "  objective " so-called "  news " media whose "  reporting " was poisoning the public discourse . Former CBS anchor Dan Rather was a frequent target of conservatives ' ire . On November 28 , he was a guest of Mike Rosen , the top-rated conservative radio talk show host in Denver , Colorado . Rosen directly accused him of having a liberal bias , but Rather would have none of it . "  I 'm a lifetime reporter . What I care about is news , " Rather insisted in his telephone interview with the KOA host . "  I 'm all news , all the time . Full power , tall tower , I want to break in when news breaks out . That 's my agenda . Now , very respectfully , when you start talking about a liberal agenda and all the , quote , liberal bias in the media , I quite frankly , and I say this respectfully but candidly to you , I do n't know what you 're talking about . ... What I do n't like , and if you want to see my neck swell or the hair begin to rise on the back of my neck , is to be tagged by somebody else 's label . " Rosen was unimpressed , insisting that Rather was biased . Callers called and repeated the accusation . Rather was in knots . "  Oh , bullfeathers , bullfeathers . Total , complete bullfeathers ! Look , there is a limit where you have to just say , ` Listen , this is off-the-wall stuff , ' and this is off the wall . ... Listen , my answer to the lady -LSB- is -RSB- Madam , prove it and I 'll report it . Or get somebody to prove it and I 'll report it . " But then the golden moment arrived . Rosen asked about the "  Mediscare " campaign and how the press was willfully echoing the Democratic Party line that Republicans wanted to cut Medicare coverage , which was simply false . Rather 's answer was remarkable : "  On the ` CBS Evening News , ' here 's what we try to do . We catch it from both sides on this , which does n't necessarily mean we 've been doing it right . Some of the time , we use the language , ` Medicare cuts , ' which is what the Democrats insist these are , and some of the time , we use that these are , ` cuts in the rate of growth for Medicare , ' which is what the Republicans prefer . We try to walk that line , we try to call it one way one time , one way the next time ... " This was too much for Rosen , who pointed out that it simply was not true that CBS was giving equal time and , besides , if it were , it would mean that at best , CBS would be telling the truth only half the time . Click . Rather hung up . It was a perfect illustration of the challenge conservatives faced 15 years ago with a national news media almost uniformly liberal and arrogant and blatantly advancing a political agenda rather than reporting news . Their contempt for anything conservative was palpable , and should an uppity right-winger -- Ronald Reagan , Gingrich -- catch fire , the media hellfire was as ferocious as it was predictable . Conservatives did n't stand a chance . They owned a handful of newspapers and opinion magazines , and if they combined their audiences , they could match perhaps a tenth of the audience of just one television news network . Conservative talk radio was exploding , to be sure , but as opposed to "  news reporting , " Rush Limbaugh and the industry he spawned were  correctly  labeled as biased , and their reports labeled commentary . The nature of their business was such that conservatives could only react with opinions to what liberals presented as objective truth . Today , the internet has changed everything . Enter the citizen journalist , the person  or entity  that can now create news and present it directly to the public without going through the filter of the liberal press . The left no longer controls the flow of information and therefore no longer can control the narrative . For years , there 's been systematic corruption at federally funded outfits like ACORN ; it took James O'Keefe and Hannah Giles -- armed with a camera and a chinchilla coat -- to bring them down . The liberal press has filed hundreds of stories about "  racism " at the Tea Party rallies ; one black conservative activist at BlackandRight.com , armed with a camera and a creative impulse , simply filmed the blacks who participate in the rallies to shatter the canard . In 2004 , Dan Rather tried to take down President George W. Bush when he challenged the authenticity of his military service ; instead , conservatives on the internet exposed the dishonesty of his hit piece and took down Dan Rather . The left is , of course , apoplectic now . "  Why , just look at the abuses ! " they scream , even when they ca n't find them . Are there land mines out there ? Sure . Could the citizen journalist abuse the public trust ? Hypothetically , of course . Conservatives must all guard against this . An example of abusing that trust is the attempted prank by O'Keefe against CNN , which I have clearly stated is not in line with the conservative movement . Read Bozell 's full statement on the attempted CNN prank Let there be scrutiny , by all means . But however it 's done , those who devoted themselves to advancing a liberal agenda on the traditional media , all the while calling it "  news , " and those who turned a blind eye to these abuses over the past half-century , should kindly recuse themselves from the conversation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brent Bozell .	Brent Bozell says that 15 years ago , conservatives could n't expect fair shake in the media But today , internet lets citizen journalists present news without filter of liberal press , he says CNN 's "  Right on the Edge " follows several young conservative activist journalists The documentary debuts this Saturday at 8 p.m. ET
CNN  -- Charlie Hunnam , the 33-year-old star of "  Sons of Anarchy , " will not play the role of Christian Grey in the upcoming "  Fifty Shades of Grey " film , Universal Pictures said Saturday . "  The filmmakers of ` Fifty Shades of Grey ' and Charlie Hunnam have agreed to find another male lead given Hunnam 's immersive TV schedule which is not allowing him time to adequately prepare for the role of Christian Grey , " Universal said in a statement . Hunnam was due to play the male lead in the film , set to debut August 1 , 2014 . He said he agreed to do the film because of "  tangible chemistry " with co-star Dakota Johnson . The film is based on E.L. James ' erotic novel about an inexperienced college student named Anastasia Steele , played by Johnson , who gets an education at the hands of billionaire Grey . The movie is being directed by Sam Taylor-Johnson . Who do you want to replace Charlie Hunnam as Christian Grey ? Weigh in below . CNN 's Breeanna Hare contributed to this report .	Universal Pictures says Hunnam 's TV schedule is too busy Hunnam was due to play the lead role of Christian Grey The movie is set to debut August 1 , 2014
CNN  -- The L.A. Lakers beat the Boston Celtics 102-89 in the first match of the NBA finals in Los Angeles on Thursday night , as they attempt to defend the title they won last year . L.A. 's star guard Kobe Bryant -- who is aiming to win the NBA title for the fifth time in his career -- scored 30 points to take his side to victory over their east-coast rivals . The Lakers led from the start and had a five point lead after the first quarter , which they increased to 20 points with just 10 minutes left to play . The match marked their 12th consecutive win at home in the post-season and they will now host the second game of the best-of seven match series on Sunday 6 June , before play moves to Boston . Spanish center Pau Gasol played a key role in the first-match for the west-coast team , scoring 23 points . "  Pau played a big game tonight . His movement and his activity was important , " Lakers head coach Phil Jackson told the team 's official Web site . Andrew Bynum -- who despite suffering with a right knee injury prior to the match which threatened his place in the team -- also contributed to the Lakers win , finishing with 10 points . "  It was great to have Andrew , " team-mate Gasol told the official Lakers Web site . "  Obviously he was a big factor tonight . Really contributed in different ways , and we want to see him as much as possible out there . " And after crashing with the Celtics Paul Pierce in the opening 27 seconds of the game and receiving a double technical foul , Ron Arrest went on to score 15 for his team . The Celtics did fight back in the closing stages but even an impressive run of 12 points in 27 minutes from Ray Allen came too late to halt their L.A. rivals . Veteran Celtics player Kevin Garret -- a previous winner of the NBA title -- could also not help his team , missing an open lay-up in the last few minutes of play and only scoring seven . "  We did n't come out with that fire that we 've been showing these playoffs , " Celtics forward Tony Allen -- who scored a team-high 24 points for his team in the match -- told the official NBA Web site . "  They out hustled us I do n't think we took that first punch like we should have . " It is the 12th time that the Lakers and the Celtics have come face to the face in the NBA finals - the last meeting in 2008 when the Celtics claimed victory four games to two . However , the Lakers are the defending champions having beat Orlando last year .	L.A. Lakers beat Boston Celtics 102-89 in first match of NBA finals L.A. led from the start with Kobe Bryant scoring 30 points for the Californian team Ray Allen 's run of 12 points in 27 minutes for Boston was not enough for them to catch L.A. rivals . Lakers will host the next game of the best-of seven series on 6 June Lakers are the defending champions , while Celtics won in 2008
CNN  -- Nearly a year after the presidential election , the excitement of Barack Obama 's campaign has faded into the reality of an Obama White House . As observers try to determine what time it is in American politics , they arrive at opposite conclusions . To some , said Tulane University political scientist Thomas Langston , Obama is like Jimmy Carter , and the nation will soon hammer the nails into the coffin of a dying Democratic coalition just as voters , tired of the Carter "  malaise " era , handed the White House to Republicans in 1980 . To others , Obama has come to usher in a new understanding of the relationship between the government and the people . To them , Langston said , it 's the dawning of a new age , as depicted in a famous 1984 Ronald Reagan campaign ad that declared , "  It 's morning again in America . " Both Obama and Carter were elected into office at a time when voters were hungry for change . Carter represented the antithesis of President Nixon and a break from the disillusionment and mistrust of government caused by the Watergate scandal . Carter , like Obama , learned the ropes in a state Senate . Critics accused Carter of being inexperienced , having served one term as the governor of Georgia . But the Democratic candidate presented himself as a politician outside of politics and a reformer uninterested in partisan games . "  With Carter himself , there was a sense of a kind of national renewal in some ways that people have said has been true after the very difficult years of the Bush presidency , " said Russell Riley , chair of the Miller Center 's Presidential Oral History Program at the University of Virginia . Shortly after taking office , Carter 's approval rating peaked at 75 percent but dropped to the low 40s in a little more than a year . He entered office weighed down by a sagging economy , and eventually , the energy crisis , the Soviet Union 's invasion of Afghanistan and the Iranian hostage crisis took a toll on his administration . "  He ended his presidency , of course , holed up in the White House as a virtual captive himself of the Iranian hostage takers , " Langston said . The parallels to Carter come primarily from Obama 's Republican critics . Florida Gov. Charlie Crist speculated last month that a Carter-esque loss "  may happen again , " and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich has predicted that a Republican resurgence -- like the one he led in the mid '90s -- could be just around the corner . "  Carter is held up as the model of the ineffectual president -- a saint of a man but an ineffectual president . And so when people compare Obama to Carter , that is an attack , " said David Gergen , a senior political analyst for CNN who also worked in the Nixon , Ford , Reagan and Clinton administrations . The comparison to Carter , Gergen said , is more of a danger sign for Obama than it is a reality because it shows how the storyline has changed . When Obama first came into office , observers likened him to some of the most successful presidents in U.S. history , such as Franklin Roosevelt , Gergen said . Now , Obama 's also being compared to a president who did n't live up to expectations . The Carter comparison shows how much polarization has occurred in the country since the election , Gergen said . Under Carter , there was also a sense of polarization -- but it was in the president 's party . The liberal wing of the Democrats felt abandoned to the point that Sen. Edward Kennedy , one of the top liberals in Congress , challenged Carter in his 1980 re-election bid . Kennedy came up short , but his bid severely weakened Carter and contributed to his eventual defeat in the 1980 election to Reagan , Riley said . While the similarities are not lost on Riley , what 's more telling is the "  most important mistake that -LSB- Obama -RSB- did n't make . " When Carter took office , there were Democrats with executive branch experience available , but he did n't want to use them . "  Carter was criticized for bringing in the ` Georgia Mafia , ' " Riley said , referring to Carter 's decision to give key positions to people from his home state . Obama , however , stacked his bench with pros from the Clinton administration . He brought in some advisers from Chicago , Illinois , some from Washington and others such as Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel with deep ties to both places . That move was critical , Riley said , "  because if you 've got seasoned people in these positions , they 're much more likely to make adjustments and to know Capitol Hill in a way that will allow them to weather the kinds of problems that were common to both Carter and Obama . " John Geer , a Vanderbilt University political scientist , said the comparisons to Carter are weak . "  Jimmy Carter is a very rare exception in American history . Most first-term presidents get a second term , " he said , adding that it 's especially rare since Carter 's term came on the heels of previous Republican rule . President George H.W. Bush also served one term , but it came after eight years of Republican control of the White House . The more analogous comparison so far , Geer said , is to Reagan , who also entered the White House with a full plate of foreign policy problems -- mostly surrounding the Cold War -- and a major economic crisis at hand . Reagan was a gifted politician , Geer said . He was known as an inspiring communicator , and his appeal crossed party lines . Like Obama , polls showed that Reagan was more popular than his policies . More than 20 years after he left the White House , Republicans still look to him as the last great face of the party . "  Reagan continues to be the touchstone , the smiling Buddha figure . Everybody rubs his belly for good luck , " Langston said . "  Like the smiling Buddha , he is whatever you want him to be . " In his book "  The Audacity of Hope , " Obama wrote that although he and Reagan had differing political viewpoints , he understands the Republican president 's appeal . "  Reagan spoke to America 's longing for order , our need to believe that we are not simply subject to blind , impersonal forces but that we can shape our individual and collective destinies , so long as we rediscover the traditional values of hard work , patriotism , personal responsibility , optimism , and faith , " he wrote . Gergen , who was director of communications for Reagan , said the comparisons to Reagan are strained because of their opposite governing styles . Where as Obama tries to draw consensus , Reagan drew lines , he said . "  Reagan was a conviction politician , and Barack Obama is a consensus-seeking politician , " Gergen said . "  Barack Obama was a magical figure in his campaign , ran an extremely good campaign , but also based it more on the sense of hope and change as ideas , the particular policy solutions , à la Reagan . " Martin Anderson , an economic policy adviser to Reagan , said Obama and Reagan faced similar problems in their first year but approached them with different solutions . Faced with an economic crisis , Reagan 's strategy was to reduce taxes , let the American people figure out what to do and then find out what went wrong , Anderson said . After Reagan cut taxes in his first year , there were no immediate changes . "  It looked terrible , and it did n't look very good during the second year . And then it began to catch and it worked ... and it was really terrific on the third and the fourth and the fifth and so on , " Anderson said . As for Obama 's approach to country 's economic woes -- it 's too early to tell what will happen , he said . In his first few months in office , Reagan also went through a game-changing experience that had ramifications for both him and the country : He got shot . "  He came very close to dying . It was right down next to his heart . Just stunned everything , stunned everybody , " Anderson recalled . But within weeks , Reagan was back at work -- with a positive attitude and good sense of humor . "  And the Democrats -- after he came to life again -- they took a deep sigh and said , ` OK , you can do whatever you want , ' " Anderson said . As tragic as the 1981 assassination attempt was , Reagan 's quick recovery -- and the sympathy from Democrats -- provided momentum for the president 's agenda . "  The first year is a very tough year for any president , " Anderson said , noting that each year thereafter is "  dramatically different . " Asked what he thinks about comparisons to Carter and Reagan , Anderson replied , "  You know who he looks like ? Obama . " Looking to administrations past , Obama can learn a valuable lesson , Gergen said . "  Do n't spend time wallowing in arguments about who you might be -- spend time worrying about who you are and worrying about governing . " The similarities between Obama and his predecessors , while interesting to discuss , are not foreboding , Riley said . "  There is no exact historical parallel to what we are looking at right now . There are bits and pieces here and there , " he said . It 's impossible , however to take those similarities and "  piece out from them a guaranteed scenario that he is going to end up in the same place . " That idea , he said , is perhaps best summed up in a quote attributed to Mark Twain : "  History does n't repeat itself , it rhymes . "	Presidents Obama , Carter both elected at a time when voters wanted change Analyst : Carter comparison shows how expectations have changed since Obama 's win Obama , Reagan faced similar problems but approached them differently , Reagan aide says Obama should worry about who he is , not who he might be , analyst David Gergen says
One-month-old baby girl Khushi , which means "  happiness " in Hindi , would not have been alive had her mother , Sumanjeet , given in to pressure from some relatives and neighbors . "  They would cry and yell , ` What are you doing giving birth to a girl ? Push her off the roof of the building , kill her ! Why are you keeping her ? ' " the 25-year-old mother says . Sumanjeet says people kept telling her to get an ultrasound check and abort all four of her daughters . They told her she would n't have enough money for a suitable dowry . Although Sumanjeet was n't quite sure how she was going to raise them , she knew it was a crime to get rid of them . "  Why are they killing girls , while they 're still in the womb ? It 's a sin for which they 'll have to be answerable to God . Small , cute girls like a doll . They kill her in the womb ? It 's a sin , " Sumanjeet weeps . The brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old student in New Delhi and the wave of outrage that followed brought to light the daily suffering of many Indian women . Thousands of people took to the streets to protest not just rape but the discrimination many women in India often have to live with throughout their lives . Opinion : India 's rape problem needs a rewiring of society 's attitude A Thomson Reuters Foundation expert poll last year ranked India as the world 's fourth most dangerous country for a woman , behind only Afghanistan , Congo and Pakistan . Even though the practice is outlawed , 300,000 to 600,000 female fetuses are aborted every year in India because of the preference for boys , according to a 2011 study by The Lancet . And the discrimination that begins while in the womb continues throughout a girl 's life . Women 's rights activist and Supreme Court lawyer Kirti Singh says there is a marked difference between how many parents treat their daughters and their sons . She says girls are n't given the same kind of food , they 're not educated in the same manner , and they 're only raised to become someone 's wife . "  From the time they are born -- or not born -- and continuing till late in life when they become wives or mothers , it 's a vicious cycle . of discrimination , and violence keeps on continuing . " Sumanjeet says she sees it all the time . "  They send boys to good schools , they give them good food , nice clothes to wear . They treat them well . They say , ` Oh , it 's my son . ' To the daughter they say , ` Get the cow dung , sweep the floors . What will you do with an education ? ' " Read more : Lawyer urges not-guilty pleas in India rape case Nearly half of India 's girls are married off before the age of 18 . Sumanjeet herself was forced to marry a man 15 years older than her when she was just 12 years old . She says she did n't object to the marriage , as she had barely understood what was going on . Girls are also seen as a financial liability . Once they get married , they leave the house and are often required to take hefty dowries along with them which sometimes can cost a family 's entire savings . The practice is banned by the government , but it 's still as common as ever . Once married , many women are subjected to domestic violence . A 2012 UNICEF study found more than half of Indian adolescent males think it is justifiable to beat a wife under certain circumstances . Opinion : Indian rape debate : Why death penalty is no solution Outside the household , crimes against women in India are also on the rise , and the evidence is shocking . In July 2012 , a young female student was molested and groped by a group of at least 18 men for 45 minutes in the northeastern state of Assam . People watched and filmed the incident , but no one helped . In September 2012 , a 16-year-old student was gang raped by eight men , and her father committed suicide out of shame . Just 20 minutes from Jhajjar , a mother of four was allegedly dragged from her home and raped by five men just a month ago . She says they dragged her out of bed to a corner of the cowshed and took turns raping her . They only went away when her children woke up . But while the Delhi gang rape caught the world 's attention , this case went unnoticed . "  The difference is that we are poor . We are not heard . When we go to the police station , they just do some formality . We are not being heard . We want justice , " she said . One of the men she identified has been arrested , police said . The other got away . Read more : New Delhi rape exposes the perils of being a woman in India According to government data , more than 24,000 cases of rape were reported in 2011 . Most are never reported because of the stigma surrounding rape , but after the gang rape what was a taboo subject in India is now on the front pages and leading TV news . Indian women , in some ways , have also made some strides . Literacy rates have gone up , maternal mortality rates have gone down , and millions of women have joined the workforce . Leaders like the President of the National Advisory Council and the widow of the late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi , Sonia Gandhi are role models who show that women can rise to great heights . But they are the exception . Authorities acknowledge that action is needed and say they are taking steps to try to better protect women . The Home Minister said India plans to recruit more female police officers . Currently only 7 % of the Indian police force is female . Helplines have been set up and at least one state , Haryana , is soon putting up a website naming and shaming convicted rapists . A government task force has been set up to look into what more can be done to make Delhi safer . A number of fast track courts have also been established because of the December 16 gangrape , exclusively for cases of sexual assault and rape . But women 's rights activists say that when discrimination begins even before birth , change will not come easily .	The brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old has brought to light the suffering of many Indian women India is ranked as the world 's fourth most dangerous country for a woman by a recent poll About half a million female fetuses are aborted every year because of the preference for boys Nearly half of India 's girls are married off before the age of 18 ; domestic violence is common
CNN  -- All the world is watching , eager to welcome those 33 miners from the pits of hell . It is a tale of courage and resilience that rivals the return of Ernest Shackleton and his men from their ill-fated voyage across Antarctica . Nearly all the credit belongs to the 33 Chilean men who have survived the ordeal . So , too , should it go to their families and fellow countrymen who have heroically rushed to the rescue . But even as we wait to see if all men make it safely to the top , it is not too early to salute the Americans who pitched in to help as well with the U.S. technology that proved so vital . After a long dry spell , it is so refreshing to see us at our best again . The U.S.-Chilean company Geotec Boyles Bros. , which operated the first drill to reach the miners , assembled help and materials from across the globe . In Western Pennsylvania , two companies long-trained by mine collapses in that region rushed to action . They had UPS ship south a specialty drill , capable of creating shafts large enough to fit the men without collapsing , within 48 hours . And UPS did it for free . Then , working with Chilean crews , Geotec 's Kansas-based partner came up with the plan to get the miners to the surface almost two months earlier than the Christmastime date originally projected . Expert driller Jeff Hart , a contractor from Denver , Colorado , was called from Afghanistan , where he was helping American forces find water , to man the machine . The 40-year-old drilled for 33 days straight , through tough mineral ore , to reach the men trapped more than 2,000 feet below . His comment after breaking through last week ? "  We got the job done . " Read more CNN.com op-eds Three NASA doctors have provided advice on how to keep the miners healthy , both physically and mentally . And the design of the rescue pod is the brainchild of NASA engineer Clinton Cragg . Cragg drew on his experience as a former submarine captain in the Navy and directed a team of 20 to conceive of a small 13 - foot-long tube to carry the miners one at a time to the surface . All told , about a dozen Americans decamped to the desert , and many more labored from home , to rescue the miners . The display of generosity and technological ingenuity shows our finest face to the world . Our capacity for problem-solving and helping those most in need of it , sustains the faith that we can , as Hart said , get "  the job done . " The opinions in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Authors : Chilean miners ' ordeal shows courage and resilience , with credit to families and nation It 's also time to salute Americans who pitched in and to U.S. technology , they write They say display of generosity and technological ingenuity shows U.S. at its best
The funeral for Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was set to be held on Friday , the Wall Street Journal was reporting . Quoting an unnamed source , the newspaper said the service would be a small , family affair . The location was not mentioned . The Journal called the source "  a person familiar with the matter . " Apple has said there will not be a public memorial ceremony for Jobs , who died Wednesday in California after a long battle with pancreatic cancer . In a statement Wednesday , Jobs ' family said a website would be created to allow fans to offer their online condolences and tributes . Apple 's website , along with many other tech-cenric sites , was turned into an online tribute to Jobs after news of his death broke . In its statement announcing the CEO 's death , Apple provided an email address -- rememberingsteve@apple.com -- for people wishing to "  share your thoughts , memories , and condolences . " Apple has said the company does not know when , or if , there will be a public memorial . But at Apple 's headquarters , Apple stores worldwide and on the Internet , unofficial tributes had already begun by Wednesday evening . On Apple 's campus in Cupertino , California , flags were at half-staff and an impromptu memorial had cropped up by late Wednesday . Apple employees and others showed up to leave flowers , light candles and provide other tributes . Apple retail stores everywhere became gathering places for the Apple faithful who looked at Jobs as much more than a CEO . At an Apple store in Tokyo , iPads and iPhones showing flickering images of candles had been propped beside flowers and other more traditional items . Online , a pre-existing group of Apple fans have declared October 14 , the day the iPhone 4S will be released , "  Steve Jobs Day " as a tribute to his legacy .	Wall Street Journal : Steve Jobs funeral being held Friday Newspaper cites unnamed source , says the ceremony is private Source says funeral is a small family affair Apple plans "  celebration " for employees , says no public memorial
Flanked by his family and before Spain 's Parliament , Felipe VI was formally proclaimed the new King of Spain Thursday , following the abdication of his father , Juan Carlos . The new King , clad in military uniform , promised to head a changed monarchy "  for new times , " in an address before the packed parliamentary chamber . "  We have a great country , we are a great nation -- let us trust in it , " he told the packed parliamentary chamber and the millions watching nationwide . After swearing an oath promising to uphold the constitution , the new monarch expressed his respect for the Parliament and the nation -- as well as his own emotion at becoming monarch . Felipe paid tribute to his father 's "  extraordinary " legacy over nearly four decades , including his leadership as the country returned to democracy following the death of dictator Francisco Franco in 1975 . He also thanked his mother , Queen Sofia , for a lifetime of hard work and devotion to the Spanish people . Felipe spoke of the need for a monarch to unify his country and to work with its political leaders , a message with added significance at a time when many in the country 's Catalonia region want a referendum on independence . He also vowed to carry out his duties , remain loyal to his nation and work for the interests of Spain . "  I will honor the pledge and the oath I have just taken , " he said . The head of state must set an example of honest and transparent behavior , he said , perhaps a reflection of the scandals that have beset the monarchy in recent times . Felipe reflected on the country 's recent economic woes , which have fueled high unemployment rates . But he also spoke of the need for its people , at a time of adversity , to "  look ahead to the Spain we are building together as I begin this reign . " This , he said , will mean modernizing to meet the challenges of a globalized world . The proclamation ceremony is a more subdued affair than a coronation , without the pomp of foreign dignitaries and elaborate ceremonies . But crowds cheered loudly as Felipe , his wife , now Queen Letizia , and their two daughters emerged onto the balcony of the royal palace , joined by Juan Carlos and Sofia , to salute the Spanish people . Chants of "  Long live the king " rang out in Spanish . Felipe 's elder daughter , Leonor , 8 , becomes Princess of Asturias , first in line to the throne . Retirements of monarchs Stroke of pen His father 's 39-year reign had come to an end with the stroke of a pen and the stroke of midnight Wednesday . Less than three weeks after he announced his surprise abdication , longtime leader Juan Carlos signed the step into law at the royal palace in Madrid , making his son the new king . In another ceremony held Thursday morning to mark the transfer of power , Juan Carlos took off the red sash signifying his role as head of Spain 's military , fastening it around his son 's waist . Crowds lined up waving the red and yellow Spanish flags as military bands marched in the streets of Madrid . Juan Carlos has said Felipe , a former Olympic yachtsman , has "  the maturity , the preparation and the sense of responsibility necessary " to serve as king and "  to lead to a new stage of hope using his experience and the drive of a new generation . " The new King is regarded as being untouched by the accusations of corruption and excess that have plagued the royal family as many Spaniards continue to struggle to find jobs and pull themselves out of financial ruin . At his side will be the new Queen Letizia , who before she married into the royal family worked as a TV presenter . Princess Cristina , the new King 's older sister , is embroiled in a tax fraud and money-laundering investigation . She and her husband , Inaki Urdangarin , have denied allegations that they diverted public funds from Urdangarin 's foundation for private use . Spaniards have long held Juan Carlos , 76 , in high regard for shepherding the country into democracy . But his popularity took a hit in 2012 over a controversial elephant-hunting trip to Africa while the nation was mired in a deep economic crisis . Some Spaniards have called for the monarchy to be abandoned , favoring the establishment of a republic instead . The anti-monarchy movement has been fueled by the scandals that have hit the royal family in recent years . The biggest task for Felipe , 46 , will be to make the dealings of the royal palace more transparent . His family has a relatively austere reputation compared with other European monarchies , but there has been increasing resentment in Spain over the cost of the royal family to the public .	New king and his family wave to cheering crowds from balcony of royal palace Felipe VI is formally sworn in as king at proclamation ceremony in Parliament The royal family has been touched by several scandals Juan Carlos ruled for 39 years and helped shepherd the country into democracy
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . He is hosting "  No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET on CNN while Campbell Brown is on maternity leave . Roland Martin says Miss California , Carrie Prejean , is being slammed for being honest about her beliefs . CNN  -- A lot of folks are always saying they like to keep it real , that they want authenticity and straight talk . Yet when someone actually does it , there is hell to pay . Welcome to the world of Miss California , Carrie Prejean , who , since she answered a question regarding same-sex marriage in Sunday 's Miss USA pageant , has been savagely attacked by those who oppose what she had to say . Leading the burn-her-at-the-stake parade is media opportunist Perez Hilton , the self-described gossip queen , and the individual who kick-started this controversy by asking the initial question as to whether the issue of same-sex marriage should be left up to the states . It seems that Hilton , who is gay , was none too pleased that Prejean chose to actually give her personal opinion on the issue , and ripped her on his blog after the show , using crude obscenities as he continued to attack her at every turn on his media blitz . Hey , Hilton , from a real journalist to a wanna-be who traffics in gossip : Never ask a question if you 're unprepared for the answer ! Frankly , this whole story is pretty stupid . Is n't the whole point of asking a question to get someone 's true feelings , rather than the plastic and superficial answers we are all used to receiving ? Sure , Prejean could have gone the safe route and given one of those answers that reveal nothing and is hard to decipher -- you know , the ones politicians give all the time -- but no ! She actually gave her real opinion , and is now being torn to shreds for it . She opposes same-sex marriage . OK , fine . So what if she had said , "  Hey , I 'm in full support of same-sex marriage . " Would she now be celebrated on gay-focused blogs , magazines and Web sites ? Would her detractors actually be saying how open she is and that she 's a great person ? Same-sex marriage is undoubtedly a hot button issue . And being from California , the site of Proposition 8 , the ballot initiative that voters approved outlawing same-sex marriage , Prejean has surely had to hear the debate go back and forth . But her remark is n't outside the mainstream . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll shows that 55 percent of Americans are against same-sex marriage , and Proposition 8 did pass in her state 52-48 percent . iReport.com : Prejean ` should step down ' What 's interesting about this is that many of the same folks who are slamming her for her remark voted for President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden , who both have the same belief : that marriage should be between a man and a woman . Even Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made it clear that she has the same view , and it was her husband , President Bill Clinton , who signed the In Defense of Marriage Act , the federal law that forbids states from having to recognize gay marriage in other states . In other words , four of the biggest liberals in the country have the same belief as Prejean , but a beauty pageant winner is being torn to shreds . Hello , hypocrisy ! Those who criticize Prejean have the same right as she does to express their viewpoints . But enough with all the political correctness , where someone says she should have danced around the issue , smiled and move on . iReport.com : ` Thank you , California ! ' At the end of the day , we all have to be true to ourselves . Whether it 's a gay gossip writer who favors same-sex marriage or a heterosexual woman who is against same-sex marriage . The day we condemn folks for speaking honestly is the day we become a bland society . Maybe we 're already there . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : People say they want others to express themselves authentically He says Miss California is being criticized for expressing her beliefs Martin says Perez Hilton is carrying on a crusade against her Martin : Her beliefs on gay marriage mirror those of Obama and Biden
New York  CNN  -- Six people suffered minor burns after a fire broke out in the observation deck at New York City 's Rockefeller Center Sunday night , a fire official said . A camera on an elevated part of the observation deck caught fire , sending embers falling onto people below , New York City Fire Department spokesman Khalid Baylor said . Five adults were injured but refused treatment at the scene , and one child was transported to New York Presbyterian Hospital with minor injuries , Baylor said . The blaze was extinguished before firefighters arrived , he said . The fire took place at 30 Rockefeller Plaza , which houses the headquarters of NBC and the Top of the Rock Observation Deck , a popular tourist attraction .	A camera on elevated part of the Rockefeller Center observation deck catches fire The blaze sends embers onto six people below , causing minor burns Five adults are injured but refuse treatment ; one child is transported to the hospital
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pro-Tibet activists jumped security barriers and scuffled with police outside the Chinese embassy in London Sunday as hundreds of demonstrators gathered to protest a visit by Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao . A pro-Tibet protester runs past a police cordon outside the Chinese Embassy in London . Protesters carrying Tibetan flags chanted "  China Murderers , " and "  China Out of Tibet , " as Wen , on a three day trip to Britain , arrived at the embassy . China has long been criticized by the international community for its human rights record in Tibet . Tibetans are pushing for autonomy from China and greater religious freedom . Wen was greeted at the embassy by a firecracker display in honor of the Chinese New Year before being escorted inside by security personnel . A group of protesters attempted to jump over security blockades when Wen 's motorcade arrived at the embassy . Several were wrestled to the ground by police and arrested . Police said five people were detained , according to the UK 's Press Association . Approximately 150 Chinese counter-protesters were also at the demonstration chanting pro-Chinese slogans . Watch demonstrations outside the Chinese embassay in London " Wen is due to meet British opposition party leaders on Sunday before sitting down with Prime Minister Gordon Brown on Monday . Brown was among a number of international leaders who skipped the opening ceremonies of the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , amid an intense campaign from human rights groups opposed to China 's international policies and human rights record .	Protesters carrying Tibetan flags chanted "  China Murderers " Police say five activists arrested Wen Jiabao on three day visit to UK
Two thirds of the world population does not have Internet access . Facebook already has more than a billion users on its service , but before it can sign up the rest of world it needs to get them online . The social media company announced a new step in its ambitious plan to bring affordable , basic Internet access to "  every person in the world . " Facebook 's new Connectivity Lab will research and test experimental technology including drones , satellites and lasers to spread the reach of the Internet to isolated locations that currently do not have Internet . "  We 've been working on ways to beam Internet to people from the sky , " said CEO Mark Zuckerberg in a post announcing the new effort . Last year , Facebook announced Internet.org , a coalition of major tech companies working together to lower barriers to Internet access using more traditional methods , such as making it cheaper to get Internet on cell phones . Those efforts have been responsible for getting 3 million more people online , according to Zuckerberg . This new initiative focuses on experimenting with new technology . The group is working with drones that can stay in the air for months at a time , bringing Internet connections to suburban areas . In more rural spots , satellites will be tested as a way to beam connections to the people on the ground . The group will attempt to make speedier long distance connections using invisible infrared laser beams . The developers who keep redesigning your Facebook news feed will not be dabbling in satellites and drones . Facebook has brought on aerospace experts from NASA and the team who built the Zephyr solar-powered drone . Internet access is a cause major technology companies can easily get behind . It 's a smart business investment that doubles as a charitable cause . Google announced plans to tackle the issue last summer with its own ambitious Project Loon . Instead of drones , the company is testing giant balloons that travel in the earth 's stratosphere for 100 days at a time . Using specialized antennas , the balloons will deliver Internet at 3G speeds . Both companies frame their plans to bring the Internet to the entire world as altruistic , not as a land grab . Microsoft chairman Bill Gates dismissed some of these efforts in an interview with Bloomberg in 2013 , saying "  when a kid gets diarrhea , no , there 's no website that relieves that . " In many of the world 's most remote areas , poverty is a more pressing concern than Internet connectivity . People can not afford electricity or clean water , let alone phones . However , humanitarian organizations have been pushing for more access in these remote areas to improve the efficiency of aid work . For example , it would make it easier to set up remote health care stations in situations where the nearest doctors or hospitals are hours or days away . In countries where the Internet is already more widespread , unfettered access allows for freedom of speech and expression . So much so that the United Nations declared access to the Internet a basic human right in 2011 . Governments can still censor or filter access to control what information is disseminated , as the Turkish government is doing with its recent attempts to block Twitter and YouTube . For now , the Connectivity Lab is focusing on the technical challenges of delivering the Internet to geographically tricky spots . Eventually , low cost Internet and cell phone use could spread to the populations in these areas and when it does , maybe they 'll sign up for Facebook .	Facebook is working on new technology to get the entire world 's population online It 's new Connectivity Lab is testing drones , satellites and invisible infrared laser beams The company has hired aerospace experts from NASA and drone company
Hackers appear to have posted account info for 4.6 million users of quickie social-sharing app Snapchat , making usernames and at least partial phone numbers available for download . The data were posted to the website SnapchatDB.info . By late Wednesday morning , that site had been suspended . The hack was seemingly intended to urge Snapchat to tighten its security measures . The anonymous hackers said they used an exploit created by recent changes to the app , which lets users share photos or short videos that disappear after a few seconds . "  Our motivation behind the release was to raise the public awareness around the issue , and also put public pressure on Snapchat to get this exploit fixed . It is understandable that tech startups have limited resources but security and privacy should not be a secondary goal . Security matters as much as user experience does , " the hackers said in a statement to technology blog TechCrunch . In the statement , the hackers said they blurred the last two digits of the phone numbers they posted but were still considering whether to post more with the full number visible . By Wednesday afternoon , developers had used the data to set up a website letting Snapchat users find out whether their accounts had been compromised . Snapchat did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment . Last week , Gibson Security -- a group of "  white hat " hackers , meaning they do n't exploit the security gaps they find -- published what they said was code that would enable such a hack . The SnapchatDB group said Snapchat implemented "  very minor obstacles " after that . "  We know nothing about SnapchatDB , but it was a matter of time til something like that happened , " Gibson Security wrote Wednesday on its Twitter account . "  Also the exploit works still with minor fixes . " In a blog post Friday , Snapchat appeared to minimize the potential damage from such a hack , claiming that it would require a "  huge set of phone numbers , like every number in an area code , " to match usernames to numbers . "  Over the past year we 've implemented various safeguards to make it more difficult to do . We recently added additional counter-measures and continue to make improvements to combat spam and abuse , " the post read . "  Happy Snapping ! "	A hacker group says it accessed info for 4.6 million Snapchat users The group , SnapchatDB , urged the app to tighten security They said the last two digits in phone numbers were blurred Snapchat lets users share photos and videos
Washington  CNN  -- Top administration and congressional officials are expected to continue working this week on a measure to raise the federal debt ceiling by up to $ 2.5 trillion , embracing a version of a fallback plan designed by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell to avoid a potentially catastrophic default . At the same time , GOP leaders are planning a series of votes on a proposed balanced budget amendment to the Constitution and sharp caps on future spending . The bills have no chance of clearing Congress or winning the approval of President Barack Obama , but would allow Republicans to demonstrate their preference for steps favored by their party 's conservative base . The maneuvering will take place against a backdrop of heightened anxiety as fears rise that Washington will not be able to pay its bills starting next month . If Congress fails to raise the current $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling by August 2 , Americans could be hit with rising interest rates , a plummeting dollar , and increasingly jittery financial markets , among other things . The seriousness of the overall situation was reinforced Thursday when a major credit rating agency , Standard and Poor 's , said it was placing the United States ' sovereign rating on "  CreditWatch with negative implications . " Moody 's Investors Services -- another major rating agency -- said Wednesday that it would put the sterling bond rating of the United States on review for possible downgrade . Obama warned last week that he could not guarantee older Americans will receive their Social Security checks next month if a deal is not reached in time . Republicans accused the president of resorting to scare tactics . Nevertheless , the two sides continued their talks over the weekend . Obama met at the White House Sunday with House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , according to a spokesman for Boehner . "  We 're making progress , " the president said Monday . "  We ca n't let politics stand in the way of doing the right thing . " It "  was never going to be easy  and  it certainly does n't look easy today , " added White House spokesman Jay Carney . However , Carney added that all the congressional leaders in the talks were committed to reaching a deal , whether a comprehensive deficit reduction agreement sought by Obama , a smaller version or the fallback option that focuses on raising the debt ceiling . "  We have to ensure that there is a fallback provision ; that there is a measure through which Congress will act and we can ensure that the United States will not default , " Carney said . "  And the leaders in that room are unanimously in support of doing that . " McConnell 's plan appears to have gained momentum over the past few days as hopes have faded for a grand bargain including tax hikes on the wealthy and reforms to popular entitlement programs such as Medicare and Social Security . The Republican leader 's proposal would give Obama the power to raise the borrowing limit by a total of $ 2.5 trillion , but also require three congressional votes on the issue before the 2012 general election . Specifically , Obama would be required to submit three requests for debt ceiling hikes -- a $ 700 billion increase and two $ 900 billion increases . Along with each request , the president would have to submit a list of recommended spending cuts exceeding the debt ceiling increase . The cuts would not need to be enacted in order for the ceiling to rise . Congress would vote on -- and presumably pass -- "  resolutions of disapproval " for each request . Obama would likely veto each resolution . Unless Congress manages to override the president 's vetoes -- considered highly unlikely -- the debt ceiling would increase . The unusual scheme would allow most Republicans and some more conservative Democrats to vote against any debt ceiling hike while still allowing it to clear . McConnell , R-Kentucky , and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , are also working on two critical additions to the plan , according to congressional aides in both parties . One would add up to roughly $ 1.5 trillion in spending cuts agreed to in earlier talks led by Vice President Joe Biden ; the other would create a commission meant to find more major spending cuts , tax increases and entitlement reforms . Changes agreed to by the commission -- composed of an equal number of House and Senate Democrats and Republicans -- would be subject to a strict up-or-down vote by Congress . No amendments would be allowed . Sources say the panel would be modeled after the Base Closing and Realignment Commission , which managed to close hundreds of military bases that Congress could not otherwise bring itself to shut down . As congressional leaders continue laying the groundwork for the plan , Republicans are moving ahead with a more partisan measure to "  cut , cap and balance " future budgets . The plan includes major spending cuts , caps on future spending as a percentage of economic production , and a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution . The White House released a statement Monday promising a veto if the GOP plan reaches Obama 's desk . "  Instead of pursuing an empty political statement and unrealistic policy goals , it is necessary to move beyond politics as usual and find bipartisan common ground , " the statement read . Boehner called it "  disappointing " that "  the White House would reject this common-sense plan . " "  If we are going to raise the debt limit and avoid default , the White House must be willing to demonstrate more courage than we have seen to date , " the speaker said in a written statement . The GOP initiative stands in sharp contrast to Obama 's stated preference for a package of roughly $ 4 trillion in savings over the next decade composed of spending reforms and tax increases on the rich . "  I 'm a little frustrated that  administration officials are  never willing to be specific about the reductions in spending that they would be willing to do , " conservative Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , said Sunday . "  The president always just holds out this idea that , well , if you 'll raise taxes , and he is very specific about the taxes he wants to raise , then  he  might be willing to look at cuts elsewhere , " Kyl said . "  Well , of course , that 's just not good enough . So , the point I 'm trying to make is when the president says he 's willing to compromise , understand why Republican leaders have been pretty reluctant to go along with this deal because we frankly do n't know where the spending reductions come , but we do know where the taxes are . " Republicans have repeatedly insisted that they are the only side offering concrete proposals to address mounting deficits and the federal debt . Democrats in turn have belittled the GOP 's push for a balanced budget amendment , a perennial favorite of conservatives . "  This notion that we somehow have to change the Constitution to do what we were elected to do is just plain wrong , " Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , said Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  Bottom line is , those who want to push a balanced budget amendment are saying , ' I ca n't promise you that I wo n't steal again , but I will vote for the Ten Commandments . ' " At the heart of the current debate is Obama 's call for more tax revenue by allowing tax cuts from the Bush presidency to expire at the end of 2012 for families making more than $ 250,000 . His plan would keep the lower tax rates for Americans who earn less . Republicans insist they will not agree to any tax increases , arguing that such a move would derail an already weak economic recovery . Obama noted last week he is not looking to raise any taxes until 2013 or later . In exchange , the president said , he wants to ensure that the current progressive nature of the tax code is maintained , with higher-income Americans assessed higher tax rates . But resistance to higher taxes is now a bedrock principle for most Republicans , enforced by conservative crusaders such as political activist Grover Norquist . Norquist 's group , Americans for Tax Reform , has sponsored a high-profile pledge to oppose any tax increase . The pledge has been signed by more than 230 House members and 40 senators , almost all of them Republicans . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Kate Bolduan , Candy Crowley , Ana Sebescen , Deirdre Walsh and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : White House spokesman says all the leaders in the talks agree on the need for a deal Congress will vote this week on the GOP "  cut , cap and balance " plan , aides say Obama will veto the GOP "  cut , cap , and balance " plan if it reaches his desk The United States must raise its $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling by August 2 or risk a default
London  CNN  -- CNN on Thursday welcomed budding journalists and news producers from under-represented backgrounds to experience life in the fast-paced world of the CNN London newsroom . CNN International is a member of the Creative Diversity Network  CDN  and instrumental in creating the first CDN Open Newsroom Day which was designed to give 500 young people with an interest in a career in news the opportunity to spend a day with regional and national newsrooms around the UK . CNN 's visitors were shown around the newsroom , guided by the London editorial team . They then researched their own topics before taking to the streets to file their own news reports . CNN International anchors Nina Dos Santos , Max Foster and Hala Gorani were on hand to tell the group about their own careers at CNN , and give an insight into their daily lives . CNN journalists also got involved , tweeting pictures of themselves taken at the outsets of their journalism careers and it was so popular that we are already planning to do it again next year ! Adam Dunnakey , one of the organizers of CNN 's open newsroom , explained how a television open day was a pivotal moment in his career . "  The 20 people who came to CNN London did n't just get to see , they got to do . "  Opportunities like Open Newsroom are n't just great fun , they can be life changing . Many years ago a similar day in Teesside completely changed my trajectory . Television news was something that had always sounded exciting to me , but seemed somehow unachievable . It was only when I had a chance to try it for myself that I realized it was an option within my reach . "  The diverse group of people who came to our newsroom yesterday put together something amazing . Now that they know they can do it I 'm confident we 'll be seeing those enthusiastic faces again . "	CNN welcomes budding journalists and news producers from under-represented backgrounds Initiative designed to let 500 young people experience life in newsrooms around UK Visitors researched their own topics before taking to the streets to file their own news reports
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The humble mobile phone is driving a new revolution which some experts hope could bring fairer elections and democracy to some African states . During the 2006 local government elections in Senegal , Radio Sud used reporters and correspondents with cell phones to call in what they saw . Many African countries have struggled against rigged elections and authoritarian rule since gaining independence last century . However , African observers say the growth of simple communication technologies like cell phones are assisting many states to progress towards open and fair elections in increasingly democratic systems . Senegal is one of a number of African countries to hold successful elections by keeping voting and counting in check through independent communication . Former United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan said many African nations now had a "  very open society " and the increasing success of elections owed a lot to the existence of mobile phones . "  With communication and cell phones , this is where it is difficult to cheat in elections now . You are announced at the district level and cell phones go wild so by the time you go to the capital , if you have changed the figures , they will know and you will be caught out . " According to experts , cellphones are particularly important for Africa due to a lack of some other technologies . Visiting African political expert at Indiana University , Sheldon Gellar , said cellphones were much more accessible than the internet in most parts of Africa , and therefore had greater potential to influence transparency . "  Internet provides groups in society with means to communicate , organize and obtain good information which is not controlled by government -- but , only a tiny percentage of African populations have access to internet . " Just this month CNN reported dramatic increases in cell phone usage in African nations . In the Democratic Republic of Congo , for example , there are just 10,000 fixed telephones but cellphone subscribers have soared to more than a million in the last five years . Gellar told CNN the key benefit of cell phones was that they allowed independent media , especially radio , to provide accurate coverage of elections and make it more difficult for ruling parties to cheat and get away with it . "  During the 2006 local government elections in Senegal , Radio Sud used reporters and correspondents with cell phones to call in what they saw . I remember hearing one reporter describing how a local party boss was illegally taking a ballot box on his truck from the polling station . This was reported live as it was happening . " Civilians and independent election observers outside the media have also taken advantage of cell phones to monitor elections . Bob LaGamma , executive director of Council for a Community of Democracies , said the 2007 Nigerian election was another example of technology being used effectively . LaGamma described a technique of "  parallel reporting " , whereby independent observers spread news of local vote counts and any irregularities . This technique was also used in the Zimbabwe elections this year , which he said caused Robert Mugabe to delay announcement of election results . "  Parallel reporting was important in Zimbabwe . It kept them from coming straight out and reporting a false result . "  All of this technology is very important and gives a powerful new tool that cuts the ability for cheating , " LaGamma said . Gellar said other computing technology , though more sparse , could also have a positive impact towards building democracies . He told CNN computers could be used to ensure parliament has access to national budget information and spending patterns , and in urban and rural communities they could provide citizens with data concerning the functions of the government and offer people an opportunity to contact their elected representative . Despite the positive developments brought by cell phones and other communication technology , there have still been problems with numerous elections in recent years . Leonardo Arriola , Associate Professor at University of California , Berkeley , is wary about the potential of the technologies to make some situations worse . He said there could be both good and bad aspects to it . "  The more transparency and the more information that can be circulated outside the hands of government is a good thing ... but the other side of that is that a lot of misinformation can get out that way also , " Arriola said . Although there has undoubtedly been positive progress with cell phone technology , most scholars and observers agree that pockets full of mobile handsets will not be enough to build stable democratic states and hold future fair elections . "  It does n't mean anything unless you have all of the means of verifying the results . If you have a ruling authoritarian regime which is determined to cheat , they will do it , " LaGamma said . Gellar sees the technology as necessary , but not sufficient for progress . "  Africans have been able to organize without technology . Freedom of association -- the right to organize autonomous organizations and function freely -- is more important than access to new technology in fostering democracy . "  That said , new technology can be a powerful tool in improving communications between citizens and governments , between civil society organizations and the public . Informed citizens are essential to good functioning of democracies , " he said . Gellar said a number of other factors needed to progress before a state could move towards a more democratic model of governance . According to Gellar these changes include : strengthening independent media ; growing and ensuring freedom of civil society ; decentralizing power , ceding more control to local governments ; empowering women ; improving judicial systems to ensure independence and power to punish . Gellar said new technology could help achieve those goals to some extent , as communication was the key to overcoming oppression . "  Authoritarian regimes want to control and monopolize the flow of information . African authoritarian regimes do n't have the power and resources to completely control information disseminated through traditional means -- as oral communications are still the main means of disseminating information , " Geller explained . Gellar said the changes being brought about by cell phones and other communication technologies could well play a part in bringing more participatory governments to the continent . "  New technology is not a panacea , but it can speed up processes of democratization and should be encouraged , " he concluded .	Election processes are being checked with the help of cell phones Cell phones are more accessible to Africans than the internet and telephones Technology could help push more countries towards democratic models Experts agree more than technology will still be required to see change
CNN  -- The son of a Florida couple known for adopting special-needs children was in his parents ' room when they were slain in a home invasion last month , according to documents released by prosecutors . Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr. , 35 , is one of seven people charged with murder . A nurse who works with special-needs children interviewed the boy , who has autism and speech issues , regarding the deaths of Byrd and Melanie Billings . The nurse told police that the child said "  two bad men " were wearing black masks when they knocked on the door . They woke Byrd Billings and said , "  You 're going to die . " The child , whose age was not given , said one of the men counted to three "  before he shot mom and dad , " and his father kept screaming , "  No way , no way . " Byrd Billings grabbed the back of one man 's neck and struggled with him before he was shot , the child said . The boy said Melanie Billings "  got shot in her shirt . " Another child told the same nurse he was upstairs in bed and stayed in his room when he heard the knock on the door . The second boy recalled hearing "  seven booms " and crept into the hallway . He heard Melanie Billings scream , he said , but stayed upstairs until police arrived . It was unclear from the interviews whether the men knocked on the bedroom door or the front door of the home . The Billingses were shot and killed July 9 in their Beulah , Florida , home . Seven males are charged with first-degree murder and home invasion robbery . An eighth suspect , a woman , faces a charge of being an accessory after the fact . The seven males , including a 16-year-old charged as an adult , pleaded not guilty to the charges last week . The children 's accounts were contained in hundreds of pages of documents released this week by the state attorney 's office as part of the pretrial discovery process . Also in the documents is a police interview with Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr. , 35 , one of the seven suspects and the man police believe was the organizer of the slayings . Two of the other suspects told authorities he was the lone gunman , according to court documents . Gonzalez told authorities in a July 22 interview that a group of car dealers did not like Byrd Billings and had gotten together to discuss the problem . Used car dealer Henry "  Cab " Tice came to him , Gonzalez said , and told him the group wanted Billings killed , but he refused to do it . Another son of Billings told police that a man named "  Cab " had "  double-crossed " his father and that the son was present when the two men argued . Tice has been questioned but not charged in the slayings . He is charged , however , with one count of grand theft for allegedly writing a series of bad checks to Billings , authorities have said . Various interviews in the documents point to a close relationship between Tice and Gonzalez . Also released by prosecutors was a transcript of a police interview with Tice in which he acknowledged accepting a $ 20,000 loan from a man he later learned was connected with the Mexican Mafia . Tice said he was told his family could be killed if the money was not repaid . Police had previously said Tice was believed to owe the Mexican Mafia money . Contacted by CNN Tuesday , Tice refused comment . But in an interview Monday with CNN affiliate WEAR , Tice said Gonzalez 's comments about him constitute an "  act of a desperate man . " "  There is nobody that I know in Pensacola that would want to see Bud Billings killed , " Tice told WEAR , using Billings ' nickname . "  There are business people in Pensacola that are upset with him , that were upset with him , but nobody that I know would want to see Bud Billings killed . " The Billingses each had two biological children and had adopted 13 children . Police have said nine of the children were home during the slayings and several were believed to have seen the gunmen . One child managed to flee the home and seek help from a neighbor . Autopsy reports also were released . They showed that the Billingses were shot multiple times . Byrd Billings also had a white zip tie on his left arm , according to the report . The eighth suspect in the case , Pamela Wiggins , was taken back into custody Monday after her bond was raised from $ 10,000 to $ 500,000 . Authorities said they found a safe belonging to the Billingses in Wiggins ' backyard . That safe contained prescription medications , family documents and jewelry and was taken from the home during the slayings . Family members have since confirmed that a second safe was in the home and that it contained $ 164,000 , antique jewelry and legal documents . The second safe was not taken . The released documents also said that safe contained a sealed hard drive , a detail not previously revealed . The Billings family agreed to allow authorities access to that hard drive , according to the documents . Prosecutors believe there were dual motives in the killings : robbery and a contracted hit , a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN last month . The source said prosecutors were working under the belief that most of the suspects in the case were told only that they were robbing the Billingses , but that Gonzalez and other yet-unnamed suspects also were plotting to kill the couple . The source was not sure of the alleged motive behind the slayings . Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan has said publicly his office believes a contract hit was a possibility . The state attorney 's office said last month it was focusing on the robbery , but was willing to consider other motives . CNN 's Ross Levitt and Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Child says man counted to three "  before he shot mom and dad " Byrd Billings grabbed man 's neck , struggled before he was shot , boy says The boy said Melanie Billings "  got shot in her shirt " Seven males are charged with first-degree murder and home invasion robbery
Health.com  -- You know a little something about how to order healthy at Asian restaurants . Brown rice trumps white , summer rolls are lower cal than egg rolls , and you should run from General Tso 's anything . But with the explosion of Asian fusion , figuring out what to order can be as murky as a bowl of freshly stirred miso soup . "  There are hidden fats and preparation details that can really keep you guessing , " says Angela Ginn , R.D. , a spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics . And those unknowns can double , even triple , the calorie count and fat content of a dish . Here 's how to dig in without blowing your diet . 1 . Edamame is n't automatically low cal Before you make an appetizer out of those delicious fiber-packed soybeans , ask how the pods have been prepared . If the answer is that they were simply steamed in water , they 're an excellent pick , but "  some places toss them in oil after steaming them , " Ginn reveals . "  So what starts out at 120 calories per half cup becomes 220 . " That may not seem like a lot , but if you 're on a diet , a bowlful could do you in . Solution : Request they serve 'em with no added oil . Health.com : Everything you need to know about soy 2 . Lobster sauce does n't deserve its bad rap It tastes so rich it has to be naughty , right ? Actually , at just about 50 calories per quarter-cup , it 's one of the lower-cal sauces . "  It 's not laden with sugar like sweet and sour sauce , either , " notes Katie Chin , a chef and author of 300 Best Rice Cooker Recipes . 3 . Those light-as-air shrimp chips are n't so light They seem way healthier than old-school crunchy noodles . But do n't be fooled : They 're a mix of deep-fried shrimp and starch , and they 'll set you back more than 200 calories and 14 grams of fat per handful , says Jessica Ganzer , R.D. . She suggests sipping a cup of green tea while you wait for your entrÃ © e. Otherwise , you could munch away a meal 's worth of calories and fat before it shows up . Health.com : Dine out like a health pro 4 . Veggies are n't always virtuous What could be healthier than ordering a side of green beans ? Plenty , if they 're from a Chinese menu . Before stir-frying veggie side dishes , "  Chinese restaurants traditionally deep-fry them for extra texture , " says Brian Ray , co-executive chef at Buddakan in New York City . What 's more , some veggies absorb oil the way sponges drink in water , explains Ganzer . "  Eggplant soaks up oil and sauce like no other vegetable , " she says . Opt for less sponge-like veggies such as broccoli , snow peas , or peppers . Plus , ask them to stir-fry only and go light on the oil . 5 . The same goes for steamed dumplings Sure , steaming saves calories , but whether it 's enough to matter depends on what 's inside . A steamed pork dumpling is around 80 calories -- just ten fewer than the pan-fried version . Those stuffed with vegetables , on the other hand , are about 35 calories a piece . So if you love the pork version and can stop at one dumpling , go for it . But if you 're , well , only human and tend to enjoy a few at a sitting , try the steamed veggie dumplings -- three will save you more than 130 calories and nearly 10 grams of fat over their steamed pork brethren . Bonus : "  Veggies naturally have a lot less sodium than shrimp or pork , " notes Elisa Zied , R.D. , author of "  Nutrition at Your Fingertips " . Health.com : Irresistible , healthy Asian recipes 6 . Stir-fry wo n't derail your diet Sure , it 'll cost you more in the calorie department -- a main-dish veggie stir-fry is about 370 calories per serving versus around 140 for its steamed counterpart -- but the pay-off in flavor may be worth it . "  Steamed vegetables are the best option , but stir-fried is OK too , as long as a minimal amount of oil is used , " says Ming Tsai , chef and owner of Blue Ginger in Wellesley , Massachusetts , and host of "  Simply Ming " on PBS . Plus , you 'll get the added health benefits of ginger , an anti-inflammatory , and garlic , which is loaded with antioxidants . As for that "  minimal amount , " just ask them to use as little oil as possible . 7 . The lightest lo mein is n't always veggie It 's often shrimp ! A serving at P.F. Chang 's clocks in with about 30 % less sodium and nearly 200 fewer calories than the veggie version . Wondering how vegetables could be the less healthy choice ? See number 4 , above : Asian restaurants tend to drown them in sodium-loaded soy sauce and oil to enhance flavor , Zied says . Health.com : America 's healthiest fast food restaurants 8 . Tofu takeout can be a diet wrecker Not all soy is skinny-making . "  Some tofu dishes are high in calories because the tofu has been deep-fried before it hits the stir-fry pan , " Ginn reveals . Be sure to ask how it 's prepared , and steer clear if it 's fried or described as "  crispy " -- or ask them to use soft or plain tofu instead . 9 . You can have your  sushi  crunch and eat it too Who needs tempura ? There are waistline-friendlier ways to get the texture you 're craving . "  Request a sprinkling of chopped peanuts , almonds , or cashews on the inside or outside of your roll , " suggests Meredith Boyle , the corporate culinary manager at SushiSamba restaurant group . "  Or ask for some crispy salmon skin in the roll , " she adds . "  You 'll get omega-3s and really great flavor along with the crunch . " 10 . One entrÃ © e serves two people Chinese and Thai dishes typically contain enough food for two or three people . "  It 's meant to be family style , " says Corinne Trang , a food and beverage consultant and author of "  Noodles Every Day " . So if you 're dining out , split with your guy or a friend . Eating in ? Portion out half before you dig in -- then save the rest for tomorrow 's  yummy !  lunch . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	At about 50 calories per quarter-cup , lobster sauce is one of the lower calorie sauces Some veggies absorb a lot of oil , so opt for ones like broccoli , snow peas and peppers Chinese and Thai dishes typically contain enough food for two or three people
CNN  -- Running along the banks of the Seine Sunday , I take a lap around the giant hot air balloon in the south of Paris hovering gently over the Parc André Citroen . Essentially a giant weather balloon , its LEDs sparkled green -- Parisian air quality is just fine , a significant change from just two days before , Friday March 14 , when the light flashed ominously red . Friday 's visibility levels were so bad that most Parisians could n't even see the balloon -- let alone the Eiffel Tower . Warmer temperatures and scarce winds caused particulate levels to reach record highs , spurring the city into action . Paris ' City Hall launched unprecedented policies aimed at reducing traffic in and around the city . According to Laure Bencheikh of the RATP , Paris 's transit authority , for the first time ever public transportation including the metro , regional trains , trams and buses were all free . Supplementary trains added 600,000 to 1 million seats across the various lines . It cost the city around $ 4 million  $ 5.6 million  per day . The measure , Bencheikh said , encouraged those who would normally take their cars to opt for public transport . The city also waived fees for the popular bike-sharing program , the Vélib , as well as the electric car share , Autolib . Both services saw 61 % and 31 % increases respectively during a five day period , according to City Hall . But do these measures ever actually help to improve air quality long-term ? Varied results to date There are some precedents . A 2013 study suggests that Beijing 's particulate levels dropped by 20 % thanks to its 2008 driving restrictions . Excessive restrictions during a religious celebration reportedly cut 30,000 tons of carbon emissions in Bali by abstaining from almost all carbon-producing activities . However , a partial car ban in Mexico City actually increased air pollution according to one study , as drivers bought extra vehicles . Parisians were warned to avoid strenuous activity as a result of the air , but runners were n't about to ditch the final weeks of marathon training before the Paris Marathon on April 6 . Théo Bayssat organizes group runs through Jogg.in , but Thursday night 's event just before the pollution hit its peak on Friday was an ordeal . "  We really felt it . It was impossible to breath , " Bayssat says . By Sunday , the air cleared up and I joined dozens of runners huffing along the riverbank . For the rest of Paris , free transport was the cherry on top of an otherwise perfect Sunday as the air quality improved -- momentarily . Jessica Walker , an American living in Paris , took advantage of the system , though said the smog was unbearable on Friday as she rode a Vélib . On Sunday , she took the RER C train to Versailles for some sightseeing at one of the world 's most famous chateaux . "  I went for the first time in over a year . The free ride facilitates things enormously , " she says . Come Monday , it was a different story . Pollution flared again , and as Parisians headed to work , a system was implemented to allow only those cars with odd number license plates within Paris , with free parking for even numbered plates . Certain exceptions were noted on the city 's website , including electric and hybrid cars , and vehicles carrying three or more people . The short-term improvements in air quality are most likely due to changing weather conditions , and not temporary car bans , says Charlotte Songeur , an engineer at Paris 's air quality control Airparif . Nevertheless government intervention is still positive , she says . "  Every solution that can reduce emissions is good for air quality , " she says . "  For one day , it 's a good emergency solution . " Long-term measures required A study in San Paulo and other cities concluded that certain restrictions can alleviate extreme spikes in pollution , but only long-term measures will actually improve air quality . Twitter erupted with Parisians complaining about the restrictions as disruptions hit regional trains to the suburbs including the RER C and RER D. Around 4,000 defiant drivers were stopped on the way into the city at check points like the Place Vendome and Trocadéro by an added force of traffic police and fined $ 22  $ 31  . For those who could n't drive , RATP maintained its free transport through Monday evening , and the measures ended Tuesday . The effectiveness of the free transportation will be hard to measure , and may be speculative at best . At many stations , access doors were simply left open , preventing an official count of those going through turnstiles or scanning passes , Bencheikh said . With no official figures available , she said that traffic volume on RATP facilities felt normal . Commuters echoed her observations . The situation has , however , opened the door for the inevitable capitalization by politicians vying for votes in this month 's elections . Socialist candidate Anne Hidalgo called for electric buses to replace diesel ones on RATP lines , as well as implementing an electric scooter-sharing program , dubbed Scootlib . UMP candidate Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet used the pollution to criticize Hidalgo 's party for a lack of environmental action . Even Nissan chimed in , using the event to push its 100 % electric cars as a response to the driving restrictions with a well-placed Twitter ad . While some may be capitalizing on an otherwise discouraging few days , this weekend has been a wake-up call for Parisians , making air pollution a concrete issue for the first time . And Paris is not alone , as parts of southern France are reporting increasingly poor air quality . Jérôme Giacomoni , cofounder of Aerophile , the agency that designed Paris ' weather balloon , said that the weekend 's spike in pollution is rare , but everyone is participating in the conversation now . "  Friday was the worst I 've ever seen , " he said , "  but I think people are finally paying attention to air quality . " Bryan Pirolli is a freelance correspondent based in Paris .	Paris made public transport free and partially banned cars to contain pollution levels this week Drivers unhappy , though some report improved air quality as a result Biggest changes likely due to weather , long-term measures needed say campaigners
A former Arizona congressman was sentenced to three years in prison Monday after his June conviction on federal corruption charges . Former U.S. Rep. Rick Renzi , 54 , was indicted in 2008 on charges of extortion , bribery , insurance fraud , money laundering and racketeering related to a 2005 money-laundering scheme that netted the Flagstaff Republican more than $ 700,000 . "  Mr. Renzi abused the power -- and the corresponding trust -- that comes with being a member of Congress by putting his own financial interests over the interests of the citizens he had sworn to serve , " said Mythili Raman , acting assistant attorney general of the Justice Department 's Criminal Division . Renzi 's lawyers hoped to prevent the ex-congressman 's prosecution on the grounds that it would violate the Constitution 's "  speech or debate " clause , a privilege reserved for lawmakers that protects them and their staff from legal action over "  legislative " acts . That argument was rejected throughout the appeal process . "  The Speech or Debate Clause does not make members of Congress supercitizens immune from criminal responsibility , " the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel said in a unanimous 45-page ruling last summer . When the Supreme Court decided not to intervene in January , the trial was able to proceed . According to evidence that emerged during the six-month trial , Renzi , then representing Arizona 's 1st Congressional District , promised to use his legislative influence to profit from a federal land exchange that involved property owned by his co-defendant , real-estate investor James Sandlin . Sandlin was sentenced Monday to 18 months for his role in the racket . Renzi was also accused of misappropriating money from his family insurance business to fund his campaigns and for personal benefit . "  He fleeced his own insurance company to fund his run for Congress and then exploited his position for personal gain , " Raman said . Mr. Renzi 's conviction and today 's sentence demonstrate the Justice Department 's commitment to fighting corruption at the highest levels of government . "	Rick Renzi convicted in scheme to profit from federal land exchange , misusing money Before trial , ex-congressman tried to use "  speech and debate " clause to avoid prosecution Appeals court denied that effort , saying Congress members are not "  supercitizens "
CNN  -- Lovemore Mupfukura , a 30-year-old from Zimbabwe who studied health education , moves deliberately and concentrates on conversations like they 're chess matches . Rithika Mathias , a 25-year-old chemist and musician from Massachusetts , walks quickly and can carry on multiple conversations simultaneously . One year ago , they did n't know each other . Now , as colleagues , roommates and confidants , they are working to become leaders of our next big social movement -- the fight for health equity . Lovemore and Rithika work side by side out of identical , windowless offices at Covenant House 's Crisis Center in Newark , New Jersey . As health counselors , they are in charge of the medical intake and well-being of 40 homeless youth . The only part of their demanding day that is consistent is the morning -- they are greeted with a hug when they get to work . The two were placed at Covenant House by Global Health Corps . Founded in 2009 , GHC 's mission is to mobilize young leaders from diverse professional and cultural backgrounds to promote global health equity . GHC recruits and trains emerging leaders , then places them in one of seven countries to work with a health non-profit or government office for a yearlong fellowship in order to strengthen and learn from the organization . This week , Lovemore and Rithika will complete their year of service and become GHC alumni as a new class of 106 fellows joins the movement to serve with 44 partner organizations . Our advocacy for health equity is fueled by the belief that access to quality health care is a human right . At GHC , we believe the poor , who are burdened the most by disease , deserve our highest quality of care . We know many of the 1.7 million deaths from HIV/AIDS worldwide can be prevented with better access to antiretroviral medicine . We are motivated by the overwhelming costs of health care for the poor and the fact that more than 60 % of bankruptcies in the U.S. are caused by medical expenses . These challenges are daunting , but can be met . We at GHC believe the following four principles are vital to the movement 's success : 1 . Young people should be at the center of this cause More undergraduate students in North America are linking arms and demanding global health curricula while building up community organizing skills . GlobeMed , a nonprofit founded in 2007 by students at Northwestern University that partners with grassroots health organizations around the world , has spread to 55 universities and is joined by several new health organizations . Yet , a scarcity of opportunities and lack of a supportive global health community keeps too many skilled young professionals from fulfilling their potential after college . It 's a moral imperative to provide young people opportunities in the global health space . 2 . The leaders must be global GHC has a partnership model where one fellow is always paired with an international fellow . We see our 90 current fellows , who come from 12 countries , sharing challenges and ideas daily , via social media , impromptu gatherings and in-person retreats . The exchange of best practices in this globally connected social movement is not just from the U.S. outward . It is a collaboration that has no boundaries . For example , our fellows at Partners In Health 's PACT program in Boston improved care for low-income HIV patients by adopting best practices from community health worker programs implemented in rural Haiti and Rwanda . 3 . Complex challenges require diverse skills Doctors and nurses are vital to the movement for health equity but our next transformational leaders could be from non-traditional health fields such as computer science , economics , or communications . This year , GHC fellows with architecture backgrounds , working with the MASS Design Group in Rwanda , oversaw the construction of hospitals that use the latest theories of design for efficient care . Our new class of fellows represents 45 fields of expertise . 4 . Organizations must take a humble approach We should stand with , and learn from , those we seek to serve . Health programs should be staffed and led by those in the community who are being served . We should also work in partnership with both the public and private sectors to reach more people . Without these partnerships we will fail . After the fellowship , Lovemore will partner with another GHC alum in Zimbabwe to establish an organization to serve orphans and other at-risk youth . Rithika will study medicine at UCLA and focus on community health . After providing care to hundreds of at-risk youth and receiving hundreds of morning hugs this year , they are ready to lead in the movement for health equity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barbara Bush and Andrew Bentley .	Barbara Bush , Andrew Bentley : Join us in the fight for health equity Bush , Bentley : We believe that access to health care for all is a human right They say young leaders can participate in Global Health Corps to help the world This social movement will help foster best practices in health equity , they say
Health.com  -- I ca n't prove it , but I think Eva Longoria might have thirty-four hours in each of her days . How else could she possibly fit it all in ? Today , for instance , the Texas-born actress , 36 , is in the car on her way to the airport . She 's flying to New York to promote "  Desperate Housewives , " which will wrap in May after eight crazy-successful seasons . And what 'll she do the first morning after filming ends ? "  Sleep ! " she laughs . After call times at 5:30 a.m. , she says , "  I have n't had sleep in eight years . " No doubt . In addition to her day job , Eva moonlights at many passions : She runs Eva 's Heroes , the nonprofit she founded , inspired by her developmentally disabled sister . She also co-owns Beso restaurants in Hollywood and Las Vegas , wrote the best-selling cookbook Eva 's Kitchen , executive produced "  The Harvest "  a documentary about child migrant farm laborers  , and is getting her master 's degree in political science and Chicano studies . Before she zips across the country , Eva talks food , the day she walked over hot coals , and the positive phrase that helped her get through her divorce . Q : How do you define a healthy life ? People think health only has to do with your physical being , but for me , it 's so much more . I remember after my divorce , I was so thin and everyone kept saying how great I looked and it was probably the most unhealthy place I 've ever been . So it was funny what people would see as "  healthy . " In my worst time , people were saying I 've never looked better . -LSB- But now -RSB- I have a great diet and exercise routine . And I try to have a healthy outlook . I 'm your everlasting , hopeless optimist ! Health.com : The biggest celebrity health stories of 2011 Q : Where does your positive attitude come from ? I was just born with that . It 's so funny , because I do n't get depressed . Even after my divorce , everybody was like , "  Wow , you bounced back so quick . " I was like , "  I am not letting this take over . Something great is around the corner -- I ca n't wait to see what 's going to happen . " Q : You mentioned eating well and exercising . What 's your go-to ? I love to cook . But when I 'm on set , I have food delivery sent there . Before I could afford a food delivery system , I would make my breakfast and lunch , I 'd pack some snacks , and put almonds in my purse . I was always prepared because I was always hungry . It 's funny , I would be like , "  Nuts anyone ? " And they 'd say , "  What is in your purse ? " Q : So it looks like you 're eating grub from the bottom of your purse . Yeah , exactly . Just the raw almonds , I soak them in water overnight . It makes them plump , and they pop in your mouth . I learned that from a Tony Robbins seminar . Fifteen years ago , I went and after that I became a vegan . For , like , a year , because I was just like , "  Oh my God , he 's scared me into never eating meat again ! " -LSB- Laughs -RSB- It did n't last though . Health.com : Mouthwatering meatless meals Q : Did the Tony Robbins seminar change anything else for you ? No , it just confirmed everything that I was already doing . You know , "  Take charge of your life ! " I am . That 's why I 'm here ! I did walk the coals . I walked over the fire . I love self-help , anything that 's going to move you forward in life . The second I saw ` The Secret , ' I was going , "  Oh , I live my life this way . So I 'm doing good . " Q : Do you like to exercise ? My bachelor 's degree is in kinesiology , so it 's ingrained in me to work out . I was an aerobics instructor , and a personal trainer in college , so I was addicted to exercise . I used to do an hour and a half to two hours a day . I 'd teach a class and then train clients . And I realized I did n't need that much . Now I like weight training and abs . I love abs . I hate the elliptical . I hate jogging . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I despise cardio . I just ... ca n't do it . So I try to do my cardio within the workout . Q : What 's your big health regret ? Well , I think the time that I became a vegan . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I love the philosophy behind veganism , but I went from one day eating chicken and meat to eating just salad . I did n't know how to be a vegan . I did n't know about soy or almond butter . I did n't know that there are great breads . So I literally stuck to salads . And I think I passed out the first week . Health.com : Celebrities who embraced natural medicine Q : What do you like to cook ? I love chicken leg quarters and asparagus . My most requested thing to cook for friends is Mexican tortilla soup and guacamole and chili-rubbed skirt steak . Q : Do you have any beauty secrets you learned growing up ? After I shower , I put baby oil all over my body . And then you dry that off so you have the smoothest , softest skin . Q : I feel like you 've been on every "  most beautiful " list there is . Oh , God no . I was talking to Kim -LSB- Kardashian -RSB- about this the other day . I said , "  You 're the most beautiful thing in the world , " and she said , "  No , you are . " And I said , "  No , I used to be . " -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I was like , "  No , honey , I 'm old news . " Q : Do you feel pressure to keep up with the whole "  beautiful " thing ? No . I think that 's probably why I make those lists , because it takes a village to build me for the red carpet . It 's an illusion created by stylists , hair , makeup . I do n't put as much effort into it as my team does . But I think people see something beyond that with me , and I love that I 'm defined by my charity work . I think that 's what people see when they give me this label of "  She 's a beautiful person . " Q : You 're so busy . What 's the most relaxing thing you do all day ? I love to get in bed and turn on Bill Maher . I save five in a row and fall asleep to him ranting about something . It takes me out of my element . Q : Finish this sentence : "  In 2012 , I 'm going to _____ a whole lot more . " Travel . Everywhere . Wherever the wind takes me . I could live anywhere ; I can learn any language . I just love it . I love being immersed in the world . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	"  Before I could afford a food delivery system , I 'd pack some snacks , " Eva Longoria says "  Now I like weight training and abs . I love abs . I hate the elliptical , " she says Longoria : "  After I shower , I put baby oil all over my body "
CNN  -- The list of those on the program for superstar pop singer Whitney Houston 's funeral covers the spectrum of the entertainment world . Actor Kevin Costner , who starred with Houston in the 1992 hit movie "  The Bodyguard , " will speak at the service on Saturday , according to a source with knowledge of the funeral plans . Gospel singer Kim Burrell told CNN 's Jason Carroll she will sing , "  I Believe in You and Me , " a selection made by the Houston family . The song was included in the soundtrack from "  The Preacher 's Wife , " a 1996 film starring Houston . The ceremony also will feature performances by Stevie Wonder , Alicia Keys and Aretha Franklin , who is Houston 's godmother . Singer Roberta Flack will attend , but it was unclear whether she would perform . Houston 's ex-husband , Bobby Brown , has been officially invited to the funeral , according to Houston representative Kristen Foster . Brown was openly emotional at a show in Mississippi on Saturday night following news of Houston 's death , then pulled out of a performance in Nashville on Sunday night and flew to Los Angeles . He will rejoin New Edition Thursday night for a performance in Upper Marlboro , Maryland , according to a New Edition publicist . Brown considers performing as therapy to get him through a difficult time , a source close to Brown said . Foster said gospel singer Donnie McClurkin , actor-director Tyler Perry , producer Clive Davis , composer and music director Rickey Minor and Houston 's cousin , Dionne Warwick , are among those on the program for the funeral . Minor , who worked with Houston , told CNN that he will be involved with the funeral 's music and that the New Jersey Mass Choir will perform . The funeral in Newark will be in a much smaller , more intimate setting than the concert halls and arenas Houston packed during her heyday . The funeral will be made available for television and web streaming from New Hope Baptist Church , the house of worship where the singer grew up . There will not be a customary funeral procession , Newark police Director Samuel DiMaio said Thursday . Houston 's family and her body will arrive at an undisclosed time , he said . "  I would advise the public that there really is going to be nothing to see here at the church , " DiMaio said . "  The best thing to do would be to stay home and watch the service on television . ... . The funeral is not gon na be the traditional procession that we would normally have . " A perimeter will be set up for four blocks in two directions , and two blocks in the other directions , DiMaio said . The closest the public will be able to get is a staging area two blocks away . Because of the police perimeter , a large screen will not be erected outside the church for the public to view the service . The church had said earlier it hoped such a screen could be in place . Authorities have no security concerns , DiMaio said , but the priority is protecting the privacy and safety of the family and invited guests . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie announced that he plans to have the state 's flags fly at half-staff on Friday . Since then , Christie has been standing his ground against critics who disagree with his choice to use a tribute typically reserved to honor public officials who have died , or fallen soldiers and first-responders . One Twitter user weighed in , "  Our flag is to be used to honor true American heroes , the ones you just disrespected . " To that response , Christie seemed to agree to disagree . "  Many in the state are mourning the loss of a cultural icon in NJ 's history , " he wrote . "  We are recognizing her for those contributions . " Gospel singer and pastor Marvin L. Winans , a longtime friend of the Houston family , will give the eulogy at New Hope . Winans officiated at Houston 's 1992 marriage to R&B singer Bobby Brown . Asked why no public memorial service was planned , Winans told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night the family did n't "  want to have a parade . " "  I do n't think knowing Cissy  Houston 's mother  and the Houston family ... it was a matter of public or private as it was , ` This is my daughter , ' ` This is my sister , ' ` This is my mother , ' ` This is my friend , ' and we want to do this with dignity . " The family 's thinking , Winans told "  AC360 , " is "  we loved her when she was Nippy  a nickname  in New Jersey . The world loves her because of her voice . But if Nippy could not sing , the Houston family would love her . " Although the family is not commenting on Houston 's burial location , her death certificate filed Wednesday in Los Angeles lists it as Fairview Cemetery in Westfield , New Jersey . The cemetery confirmed that Houston 's father , John Russell Houston , is buried at Fairview . Publicists and entertainers as of Thursday had confirmed a dozen celebrities and personalities will be in some of the 1,500 coveted , "  invitation-only " seats . Among those on the guest list are singer Chaka Khan , actress Angela Bassett , Bebe & CeCe Winans , songwriter Diane Warren , the Rev. Jesse Jackson , pop singer Darlene Love , Bishop T.D. Jakes , Antonio "  L.A. " Reid , hip hop artist Ray J and singer Brandy . Chaka Khan was a close friend of Houston . Reid produced many of Houston 's songs and Jakes co-produced Houston 's last film , "  Sparkle , " which is scheduled to be released this summer . Houston and Jakes are listed as producers . Jakes will also be speaking at the funeral . He said Thursday , "  I think the major focus is to comfort the family and not to try to provide answers for which there are no answers . "  People often try to reconcile in their own minds why did this happen , and I think , sometimes , over the years , I 've learned that when you really try to over-answer and speak on behalf of God , you get yourself in trouble . " He said he wants to encourage Houston 's family to "  use their faith as a catalyst to continue on their journey , to learn life lessons from the gift of Whitney Houston . Both her strengths and weaknesses teach us something about life and cause us to reflect on ourselves . " Houston was "  a very resilient person who , in spite of personal difficulties and tragedies , was resilient and strong-willed and able to rise above the fray . I think there are lessons to be learned from that . " Ray J and Houston dated off and on after she was divorced from Brown . New Hope Pastor Joe Carter said Thursday the service will be personal and dignified . Asked how Houston 's family is doing , Carter said , "  They 're holding strong . " A steady stream of people drove by the church Thursday , some slowing down to snap pictures and others getting out of their cars to pose in front of memorials . CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe , Denise Quan and K.J. Matthews and HLN 's Alicia Henry contributed to this report .	Alicia Keys will sing at the funeral Saturday Tyler Perry also on the program Death certificate says burial will be at cemetery in Westfield , New Jersey Funeral will be available for TV , web streaming
CNN  -- At least 20 people were killed and 200 more were injured Friday in the northern Mediterranean city of Benghazi , Libya 's second-largest , said a medical source in Benghazi who was not identified for security reasons . The casualties occurred as thousands of Libyans took to the streets to voice their discontent over leader Moammar Gadhafi , witnesses said . Friday 's killings brought to 50 the number of people killed since Tuesday , when the protests began , the medical source said . Amnesty International said security forces had killed at least 46 during the past three days , with sources at al-Jala Hospital in Benghazi saying that the most common injuries were bullet wounds to the head , chest and neck . "  The alarming rise in the death toll , and the reported nature of victims ' injuries , strongly suggests that security forces are permitted to use lethal force against unarmed protesters calling for political change , " said Malcolm Smart , the Amnesty 's director for the Middle East and North Africa . CNN was unable to independently verify the information . In front of the main courthouse in a square in Benghazi , thousands of demonstrators filled the streets demanding a change of government , a protester said . He said people were chanting for Gadhafi and his children to get out of Libya . He called Gadhafi 's authoritarian rule "  the biggest dictatorship in history . " Late Friday , a witness said more people were still streaming into the already crowded plaza , with some erecting tents , apparently planning to spend the night . There was no sign in the square of police or military forces except for the presence of three tanks , which were not moving , he said . Another source said that he saw three Libyan army tanks in the square and that young demonstrators were engaging the tank crews in conversation . He said government forces were not visible in or around Benghazi . He added that he visited Al-Jala hospital and that it was "  full of dead and wounded . " Electricity was lost in parts of the city but had been restored by late Friday , when the city was quiet , he said . Farther east , in al-Baida , thousands of people showed up to bury 13 protesters killed in clashes in recent days , said Mohamed Abdallah of the opposition National Front for the Salvation of Libya , who has been receiving information about Libya from sources there . Plainclothes members of the Revolutionary Committee had reportedly fired at the protesters , Abdallah said . Demonstrations unfolded Friday in other cities as well , he said . CNN has not been permitted to report from Libya and can not confirm information about the demonstrations . The government maintains tight control of the news media and telephone services , and many people expressed fear of talking openly amid what they described as a climate of fear . CNN has been relying on information from protesters , human rights groups and foreign-based Libyan organizations assessing the situation through their sources on the ground . Libyan state-run television was airing taped images of Gadhafi surrounded by adoring crowds . The demonstrations erupted Tuesday after the detention of a human rights lawyer and spread across the country . U.S. President Barack Obama condemned the government crackdowns in Libya , Bahrain and Yemen , which are all embroiled in unrest . "  Wherever they are , people have certain universal rights , including the right to peaceful assembly , " Obama said . "  The United States urges the governments of Bahrain , Libya and Yemen to show restraint in responding to peaceful protests , and to respect the rights of their people . " "  The security forces ' vicious attacks on peaceful demonstrators lay bare the reality of Moammar Gadhafi 's brutal rule when faced with any internal dissent , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East and North Africa director for Human Rights Watch . Navi Pillay , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , also condemned the crackdown in Libya and other countries "  as illegal and excessively heavy-handed . " Abdallah , the spokesman for the National Front for the Salvation of Libya , reported that protesters in Benghazi had freed people who had been detained during the first two days of the unrest . He said protesters also set afire a police station and the Revolutionary Committee headquarters in Benghazi , al-Baida and Darna . Gadhafi 's regime , however , has sought to portray a different picture of events and sent out tacit warnings via mobile phone texts to Libyans planning to make their voices known . "  The inappropriate use of telecommunications services contradicts our religion ... our customs ... and our traditions , " said a text from the General Communications Body . Another said : "  We commend the conscious youth who have realized that sedition destroys his family , his city , his country . And we commend our cities who have realized that touching national unity destroys the prospects of future generations . Together for the sake of the Libya of Tomorrow . " A screen grab of the messages was sent to CNN by Abdulla Darrat , spokesman of Enough Gadhafi , a U.S.-based organization that has been in close touch with people on the streets of Libya . State-run television countered the anti-government protests with coverage of pro-Gadhafi demonstrations . It showed men chanting pro-Gadhafi slogans , waving flags and singing around the Libyan leader 's limousine as it crept through Tripoli . Scores of supportive demonstrators packed the roadway and held up pictures of their leader as fireworks burst into the night sky . The images followed reports from protesters , witnesses and human rights activists who described brutality by internal security forces , sometimes dressed in plain clothes . One of the protesters likened the situation in Libya to that which occurred early this month in Egypt , telling Human Rights Watch that "  they are sending baltaqiyyas  thugs  to beat us . " Libya , like many of its Arab neighbors , is suffering from economic hardship and a lack of political reform . Youth unemployment is high . Gadhafi is acutely aware of popular grievances and has spoken with groups of students , lawyers and journalists in the past few weeks , a source told CNN this week . CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Fionnuala Sweeney , Ben Wedeman and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Witness says square in Benghazi is full of protesters , but there is little sign of police or military Tanks surrounded demonstrators in Benghazi , a protester says 50 reportedly killed since Tuesday , 20 of them Friday U.S. president condemns the government crackdowns in Libya , Bahrain and Yemen
CNN  -- Although the United States ' preterm birth rate decreased for the sixth consecutive year , a new report gives the nation a "  C " grade . The 2012 preterm birth rate dropped to 11.5 % , a 15-year low , according to the March of Dimes Premature Birth Report Card . Preterm or premature births are defined as birth before 37 weeks of gestation . However , the report cautions , America 's preterm birth rate remains the highest among industrialized countries . Preterm birth is the leading cause of newborn death , and babies who survive often face serious and sometimes lifelong health problems such as developmental delays or vision loss , according to the organization . "  A premature birth costs businesses about 12 times as much as uncomplicated healthy birth , " March of Dimes President Dr. Jennifer L. Howse said in a statement . "  As a result , premature birth is a major driver of health insurance costs , not only for employers . " Fewer moms having C-sections before 39 weeks The preterm birth rate peaked at 12.8 % in 2006 after rising for more than two decades , according to the March of Dimes . The 2012 rate represents a 10 % drop and the best rate since 1998 . Compared with 2006 , nearly all states had lower preterm birth rates in 2012 . Thirty-one states , Washington and Puerto Rico all saw improvements . Six states -- Alaska , California , Oregon , Vermont , New Hampshire and Maine -- received an "  A " grade . Three states -- Alabama , Mississippi and Louisiana -- received an "  F , " along with Puerto Rico . The state with the lowest preterm birth rate was Vermont , with 8.7 % . Mississippi was the highest , with 17.1 % . But the March of Dimes said California 's success is noteworthy , as the state sees half a million births each year -- the most of any state -- and "  has a racially diverse population in a mix of urban , suburban and rural communities that have a variety of healthcare and economic needs . " Infant deaths : Searching for answers in Mississippi The organization compared birth rates with its goal of 9.6 % by 2020 . Contributing factors were also tracked . For instance , 37 states , along with Washington and Puerto Rico , reduced the percentage of uninsured women of childbearing age . Thirty-five states and Washington reduced the percentage of women of childbearing age who smoked , and 28 states , Washington and Puerto Rico lowered the rate of late preterm births : infants born between 34 and 36 weeks gestation .	The U.S. 's preterm birth rate is at a 15-year low Nearly all states lowered their premature birth rate Vermont had the lowest number , Mississippi the highest
CNN  -- Is Sepp Blatter angling for another term as head of world football ? The 77-year-old vowed at the 2011 FIFA presidential elections , where he stood unopposed after a bribery controversy ruled out his only rival , that this would be his fourth and final four-year stint in office . However , this week he hinted that he has "  a mission " to fulfill and said he feels "  young enough to be in this office . " And he fueled speculation that he may stand again with comments in Friday 's release of the FIFA Weekly magazine , in which he said the African and Asian regions deserved more representation at World Cup finals . Blatter , who has stayed in power since 1998 by vowing to take FIFA 's showpiece tournament to all parts of the world , criticized Europe 's overwhelming presence in relation to its lesser number of member associations . Europe will have 13 of the 32 places on offer in Brazil next year , while South America has four plus the possibility of another via a playoff with fifth-best Asian side  Uruguay vs. Jordan  . Africa has five berths , while CONCACAF has three plus a playoff with the top Oceania team  Mexico vs. New Zealand  . "  From a purely sporting perspective , I would like to see globalization finally taken seriously , and the African and Asian national associations accorded the status they deserve at the FIFA World Cup , " Blatter wrote in an article looking at the future of the sport . "  It can not be that the European and South American confederations lay claim to the majority of the berths at the World Cup  18 or 19 teams  , because taken together they account for significantly fewer member associations  63  than Africa and Asia  100  . " Blatter argues that Africa will never fulfill its promise on the biggest stage unless it is given more opportunities . "  Africa , the confederation with the most member associations  54  , is woefully under-represented at the World Cup with just five places . As long as this remains the case , African sides may never win an intercontinental trophy , regardless of progress on the playing side , " he said . "  This flawed state of affairs must be rectified . At the end of the day , an equal chance for all is the paramount imperative of elite sport . " Blatter 's attempts to curry favor with his traditional powerbase could be seen as the beginning of a bid to sound out support for another tilt at the presidency , according to Spanish football journalist Begona Perez . "  I think that 's Blatter being Blatter . Every time he makes a statement there are second thoughts , " she told CNN World Sport . "  Maybe he might be thinking he needs his African friends to run for a new presidential election . He 's trying to be nice to people he needs for a vote . "  With him you never know , but he works well behind the scenes . " Having given North America its first staging in 1994 , FIFA 's bid to take the World Cup to new countries continued two years later , while Blatter was still its General Secretary , when South Korea and Japan were awarded the 2002 tournament -- the first time it was held in Asia . Africa 's turn came in 2010 when South Africa was host , and the Middle East will get a go in 2022 when Qatar will stage it -- a controversial decision that has led to a likelihood the event will be switched from its traditional summer slot due to the Gulf state 's intense heat . Russia will be the first East European nation to host the World Cup in 2018 , and it has come under scrutiny already due to the country 's new legislation that many say discriminates against gay people -- FIFA 's statutes forbid this in member nations . Russia also has a problem with racist behavior by its football fans , which was highlighted this week when CSKA Moscow was charged by European football 's ruling body UEFA after Manchester City 's Yaya Toure complained of being targeted with monkey chants . Toure , whose Ivory Coast team is hoping to qualify for a third successive World Cup in Brazil , suggested a boycott for 2018 if Russia could not stamp out its racist elements . However , Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho said Friday that such an action would be a backward step . "  I respect his opinion , but I disagree . The history of football was made equally by many races . And the black players have a fantastic contribution of what football is , " the Portuguese told reporters ahead of his team 's English Premier League clash with City on Sunday . "  The World Cup is the biggest expression of national team competitions - races , people from different parts of the globe , people from every continent . And the black players are very , very important for that . "  Who is more important , the billions of people in love with the game around the world ? Or a few thousand that go to football stadiums and have disgraceful behavior in relation to black players . "  If I was a black player I would say the other billions are much more important , so let 's fight the thousands , but let 's give to the billions what the billions want . And the billions want the best football -- and the best football without black players is not the best football , for sure . " Blatter also said Friday that he is against boycotts . "  Boycott has never given us any solutions . You can not run away from problems , " he told students during an address at England 's Oxford University , where he did not give any more hints about standing for re-election .	Sepp Blatter says Africa is under-represented at the World Cup finals FIFA president claims the continent 's footballing progress is being held back Blatter suggests that Europe has too many places at soccer 's showpiece event Comments fuel speculation that the 77-year-old will stand for re-election in 2015
CNN  -- Paul Lawrie returned the Ryder Cup to its next host venue of Gleneagles Wednesday then revealed how the hostile reception he and his Europe teammates received from the Medinah galleries had given them even greater resolve . Scot Lawrie proved a last day hero after his 5 & 3 victory over Brandt Snedeker helped his team retain the trophy , but he did not enjoy being the butt of the American supporters . "  I did n't get abused , but you get ` top it , shank it , you 're a loser ' , stuff like that , every shot you play , " he said . It came as no surprise to the 43-year-old veteran , who played in the infamous "  Battle of Brookline " in 1999 where raucous home support helped the Americans overturn a four-point deficit on the last day . This time the boot was on the other foot , as inspired by team captain Jose Maria Olazabal , the Europeans silenced the crowd and pulled off the same feat in the concluding singles . "  It makes it all the more satisfying on Sunday night when you 're standing there with the Ryder Cup in front of you and they are not . I think it helps us , to be fair . "  I think they  the United States team  said it 's the same when they come here . Apparently that 's how it is , but I ca n't see that . " Lawrie has returned to a heroes welcome on home soil where he will be playing in the Alfred Dunhill Links tournament this week . "  Since I arrived here I can hardly get a ball hit for people coming up kind of slapping you on the back . It 's been lovely , " he added . Germany 's Martin Kaymer , who holed the testing final putt to make sure Europe retained the Ryder Cup as he beat Steve Stricker , is also in the field . Kaymer had rolled his initial birdie putt on the 18th at Medinah about six foot past the hole to leave the Europe supporters with their hearts in their mouth . "  Even though it was more difficult in the end , it was an even better feeling . Of course it was a lot of pressure , but I see it more like a gift what happened , " he told the official European Tour website . "  There will never , ever , be a more important putt in my life . Even if I have a chance in two years ' time again  At Gleneagles  I 've done it before already , " added the 27-year-old . Kaymer will be looking for his second win in three stagings of the tournament when play gets underway Thursday .	Paul Lawrie returns Ryder Cup to next host venue of Gleneagles Scot speaks of hostile reception Europe players received at Medinah Lawrie believes it made them determined to retain trophy Martin Kaymer joins Lawrie at this week 's Alfred Dunhill Links event
Washington  CNN  -- Depending on who is talking , the Tea Party movement is either an extremist force dividing Republicans or a group of disgruntled taxpayers setting the government on a proper course . The conservative political force has shaken up this year 's congressional elections , backing candidates who defeated Republican incumbents and other mainstream GOP candidates in primaries across the country . Sal Russo , chief strategist for the Tea Party Express -- the most organized and visible of the movement 's factions -- told the CBS program "  Face the Nation " that his group is a political action committee comprising members limited to donations of up to $ 5,000 with no corporate contributions allowed . "  We 're the purest form of democracy , I think , in the Tea Party movement , in the sense that when we want to do something , we do n't have any money to start with , we have to send an e-mail out to our people and say , ` Hey , we think Sharron Angle is going to be a great candidate in Nevada , and do you want to get behind her ? ' " Russo said Sunday . The end result , he said , would be the election of candidates "  willing to stand up for more responsible fiscal policy in Washington . " "  We 've turned the political system on its head , " Russo said . "  And what 's done that is that millions of Americans , who , many of them , had been sitting out the political process , have gotten involved in the campaigns . " However , Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin , the second-ranking Democrat in the chamber , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " program that candidates such as Angle showed the negative impact of the Tea Party movement on the political right . Republican primary victories by Tea Party-backed nominees over mainstream contenders such as Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski and nine-term Delaware Rep. Mike Castle end up giving Democratic contenders a chance to win previously out-of-reach races in November , he said . "  When the Tea Party becomes the gatekeeper of a Republican primary , we end up with contests we never dreamed of , " Durbin said . "  Who would have guessed that today we would be taking an honest look at Alaska , Delaware , and Kentucky , where we clearly have races where the Democrats can win ? " Durbin also cited Florida , where Republican Marco Rubio 's Senate candidacy with Tea Party support caused Gov. Charlie Crist to wage an independent campaign , throwing the race into what Durbin called "  turmoil . " "  I think that shows the Tea Party position is too extreme for most voters , and I think we 're going to do well in those states , " Durbin said . "  People have to ask themselves , is this what we really want in the United States Senate ? " Rubio , interviewed on the CBS program , said he and the Tea Party movement reflected the "  sentiment in mainstream America that Washington is broken . " "  We do n't want to change America , " he said in reference to President Barack Obama 's 2008 campaign theme and agenda . "  We want to fix things that are wrong in America . " He advocated bedrock conservative positions , including a balanced budget amendment to the U.S. Constitution , banning congressional earmarks and imposing term limits on Congress members . However , his stance was more moderate on an issue important to the crucial senior citizen population in Florida -- reforming Social Security to ensure its future solvency . Rubio said benefits for current retirees or those close to retirement should remain fixed , and the system must survive for the younger and future generations without bankrupting the country . "  We 're going to have to accept there are going to be some changes , " he said , mentioning a possible future increase in the retirement age for eligibility . Also on the program , another Tea Party-backed nominee -- Colorado Republican Senate candidate Ken Buck -- expressed similar conservative credentials . "  I see myself as part of a group of candidates who have been elected in this country because of frustration with what 's happening in Washington , D.C. , " Buck said . "  We 're going there not to be part of the establishment , not to be part of what we consider the problem in Washington , D.C. , but to get there and to reduce spending , to promote ideas like a balanced-budget amendment and term limits and ideas that have been talked about for a while , " he said . The Tea Party-backed candidates interviewed Sunday made no mention of the "  Pledge to America " document released last week by House Republicans as a proposal for how they would govern if in power . Democrats criticized the economic-focused program that includes reduced spending , lower taxes and other bedrock GOP positions as a rehash of failed past policies . In an editorial Saturday , the New York Times called the document "  a bid to co-opt the Tea Party by a Republican leadership that wants to sound insurrectionist but is the same old Washington elite . " "  Not only are the players the same , the policies are the same , " the editorial said . "  Just more tax cuts for the rich and more deficit spending . We find it hard to believe that even the most disaffected voters will be taken in . " Conservative Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana told the NBC program "  Meet the Press " that the "  Pledge to America " represented a return to Republican roots . "  Republicans did n't just lose our majority in 2006 , we lost our way , " Pence said . "  We walked away from the principles of fiscal discipline and reform that minted our governing majority back in 1980 and again in 1994 . And the American people walked away from us . " Conceding that the proposals in the document are "  not necessarily new , " Pence said it represented a commitment to "  important first steps in this Congress to steer our national government back to " basic principles and practices .	Sunday talk shows offer varying views of Tea Party movement Russo of Tea Party Express says no corporate contributions allowed Durbin says Tea Party candidates give hope to Democrats in some races
CNN  -- At least nine people were killed in Somalia 's war-torn capital Mogadishu when mortars slammed into a home for disabled veterans , according to journalists and witnesses . Al Shabaab fighters display two bodies of Somali police officers during a battle August 12 in Mogadishu . At least 27 people were wounded in the Friday night incident , when Muslim militants fired mortars toward Mogadishu 's port and struck a residential area . The mortars hit a home for former national army officers who were disabled in a late-1970s war with Ethiopia , the sources said . Insurgents from the Al-Shabaab militant group have been fighting to topple Somalia 's government . Its fighters have frequently shelled the city 's airport and seaport , which are controlled by the African Union and government forces . The United States is supporting the Somali government 's fight against the insurgents , including providing weapons to government forces . Al Shabaab is on the U.S. list of terror organizations because of its ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network . The United States is concerned that Somalia 's weak government could fall to the Islamist insurgency , as it did in 2006 before Ethiopian forces ousted the militants from power later that year .	Sources : Militants fired mortars toward Mogadishu 's port , struck residential area Mortars hit home for disabled national army officers At least 9 dead , 27 wounded in attack in war-torn capital
New York  CNN  -- The world 's two biggest economies are facing off over tensions that could ignite a trade war and lead to a catastrophic split between the United States and China , says analyst Fareed Zakaria . President Barack Obama says an undervalued currency is giving Chinese companies an unfair advantage in selling products , and this week the House of Representatives passed a bill that would let the United States put tariffs on goods from China . China has retaliated against earlier trade sanctions by the United States and strongly opposes the bill passed by the House . "  One has to hope a lot of it is bluff because the consequences of a significant trade war between China and the United States would be very dramatic , " Zakaria said . "  We need the Chinese to still have enormous faith in the U.S. economy , not just to buy Treasury bills , but to maintain all the links they have with the U.S. economy . " Zakaria conducted a rare interview with China 's prime minister , Wen Jiabao , his first with a Western journalist since a similar interview by Zakaria two years ago . The interview is being shown this weekend on Zakaria 's Sunday show , "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " The author and host spoke to CNN Thursday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : What are the chances that we 'll see political reform in China ? Fareed Zakaria : The Chinese clearly feel that they need to open up but they do n't quite know how and they do n't know how to do it without letting go of their monopoly on power . ... . They 're very sure-footed now on economic power and economic reform , they really feel they have complete mastery over that area , but on political reform , they 're very tentative . Wen Jiabao has been clearly somebody who 's talked a lot about political reform for a long time . ... . My own sense is that he is clearly of the mind to keep things moving in this direction but obviously there are other people who feel otherwise . It is n't clear to me that the forces of political reform are in the ascendancy in China . ... CNN : What sense do you have of the current state of China 's economic relationship with the United States ? Zakaria : Clearly the U.S. is pushing very hard on the issue of the Chinese currency and I think that a lot of it has to do with the realities of a bad economy here , coupled with a kind of sense that there are very few other levers that the U.S. has . So you 're seeing a lot of rhetoric focused around Chinese currency and the fact that the House just passed this week a measure that would punish the Chinese for having artificially undervalued their currency . The Chinese central bank has actually driven its currency even lower as a kind of response to all this . Now the Obama administration has managed to maintain a pretty good overall relationship , and I think that the Chinese understand that some of this is pre-election politics , but I do n't think its fundamentally good because these are the two biggest economies in the world and they should be trying to find a way to avoid getting into what appears to be the beginnings of a trade war . Remember the vast numbers of companies that are exporting from China that are American companies . The Chinese have opened up their economy to a huge number of American firms . ... Now this is all interdependence , no one is doing anyone a favor here . CNN : What 's the impact of an undervalued Chinese currency ? Zakaria : The Chinese benefit . We benefit enormously from having cheap Chinese goods . The big charge against the Chinese that is being made by Congress and even being made by the administration is that they are keeping their currency artificially low , and that favors Chinese manufacturers , that they have an unfair advantage to sell their goods more cheaply . OK , that 's basically true . But one has to keep in mind two things . One is that a large number of those so-called Chinese manufacturers are actually American companies manufacturing out of China . The second thing is that these Chinese goods that are now cheaper are bought by Americans and Americans benefit enormously from cheaper goods . The reason there is almost no inflation in America is largely due to cheap Chinese manufacturing . The reason that the Federal Reserve has been able to maintain interest rates so low without any fear of inflation is that they have China acting as a deflationary machine pushing down the price of manufactured goods , which has allowed the Federal Reserve to rescue the American economy by keeping rates so low even now . Americans get cheap mortgages for that reason , get cheap credit , get cheap interest rates for their credit cards . So it 's not as if Americans do n't benefit from the Chinese having the currency cheap . In fact there are many economists who think we should send the Chinese a thank-you note for keeping the prices of our goods so low . ... I 'm not sure I 'd go so far but I 'd say there are many , many benefits the Americans derive from having cheap Chinese goods . CNN : Do you think this is a relationship that can continue to exist or is it an imbalance that has to change at some point ? Zakaria : There 's a structural problem , which is that the U.S. is the established superpower in the world , China is the rising power . Those kinds of relationships have often ended up badly . Think about Japan as it rose in the 1930s , think about Germany as it rose in the 1890s and 1920s , think about the Soviet Union . But it does n't always have to be that way , and today the world is so interdependent that it would be a catastrophe if the United States and China were to have a serious schism . There are going to be these points of tension constantly , and the question is can we navigate those periods of tension and get over them ... for the last 10 or 15 years we have . The big shift that 's taken place is that the Chinese are much more confident and much more powerful than they 've ever been . CNN : How is that greater power being used ? Zakaria : Look at what happened with the Japanese . The Japanese had picked up a Chinese captain of a trawler who had wandered into what the Japanese regard as Japanese waters . They picked him up and arrested him . The Chinese demanded that they release him ; the Japanese said no . But eventually the Japanese bowed to Chinese demands . Why ? Because they sensed that the balance of power had shifted . It was only a few weeks earlier that the news came out that China had overtaken Japan as the second largest economy in the world . If you look at the way the Chinese stimulus has been so successful at restimulating the Chinese economy , which is now growing at 9 percent again , and you compare it to the fate of Western economies , you can understand why the Chinese are more confident , assertive and sure of themselves . CNN : So if the relationship with China is helping the U.S. in the short term , is it causing long-term damage to the U.S. manufacturing base and the overall economy ? Zakaria : I think that suggests that you have an alternative to being engaged with China . It 's an open world economy . It 's not just China that is manufacturing stuff , it 's Vietnam , it 's India , it 's Brazil , it 's Indonesia , it 's all over the world . The way I would put it is that China represents a challenge to the United States . The best way to solve that challenge is for us to get our act together . The real threat China poses is not a cheap currency . It 's a competitive economy that is producing things at every level cheaper than we are , and the question is what should we be doing to be a competitive economy . While we do many things very well ... we have lost too much manufacturing capacity in America . We could revive it . Look at Germany , a case of a very high wage economy that still has maintained a manufacturing capacity , but they did n't do that by isolating themselves from the world economy . To the contrary , Germany is a huge trading nation . They 've gotten their act together , they 've gotten their workers better training , they 've gotten their manufacturing to be more high end and more complex , so what they make is more in the BMW model , highly skilled , complex engineering , putting out premium products and commanding premium prices , which allows you to have a high wage structure . We 've done that in some areas ... but by and large we 've let manufacturing erode . But that 's not China 's fault , that 's our fault . CNN : Is the Obama administration taking the right approach in dealing with China ? Zakaria : I think the Obama people have been very serious about the Chinese relationship . They approached it from the start as a major strategic partnership . I think you ca n't really fault the Obama administration for some of the friction , some of it is congressional short-term re-election stuff . Some of it frankly is that the Chinese have been somewhat unpredictable in their responses . They dis-invited -LSB- Defense -RSB- Secretary Gates from visiting China , which seemed a bad idea , because the one thing you do want to maintain is constant contact and collaboration between these two countries . The Chinese military clearly wanted to send some kind of a signal and withdrew an invitation , which has now been re-extended ... the Chinese are engaging in somewhat unpredictable behavior , which is unfortunate , but I think it reflects their growing pains as a great power . CNN : What 's driving that unpredictable behavior ? Zakaria : They 're becoming more assertive , they 're getting more arrogant , which is natural given their success and their size , but I do n't think they 're becoming more threatening . I think the problem is that they have n't figured out what their national interests are , what kind of a great power do they want to be in the world . What are their broader interests with regard to nuclear nonproliferation , with regard to the Middle East ? I do n't think they 've thought that through . Twenty years ago , they were a struggling Third World nation that never thought about any of that stuff ; now they have to have a foreign policy for everything .	President Obama has warned of dangers of undervalued Chinese currency House passed bill to allow tariffs against nations that undervalue currency Fareed Zakaria says U.S. and China both benefit from cheap Chinese currency Zakaria conducted rare interview with China 's prime minister , Wen Jiabao , airing Sunday , 10 a.m. ET
CNN  Jordan Spieth has Rory McIlroy and the world No. 1 spot firmly in his sights after winning the Valspar Championship on Sunday . Spieth won a three-way play-off with a 28-foot birdie on the third extra hole to become only the fourth player since 1940 to win twice on the PGA Tour before turning 22 . It is a feat that not even McIlroy mastered with Tiger Woods , Sergio Garcia and Robert Gamez the only players to have achieved that particular accolade in the past 75 years . But it is the Northern Irishman that is within Spieth 's focus heading towards Augusta . "  I like studying the game , being a historian of the game , " Spieth told the PGA Tour website . "  It 's really cool to have my name go alongside those . "  But right now currently what I 'm really focused on is Rory McIlroy and the No. 1 in the world . That 's who everyone is trying to chase . "  That 's our ultimate goal to eventually be the best in the world and this is a great , great stepping stone . But going into the four majors of the year , to have closed one out in this kind of fashion is going to give me a lot of confidence . " Spieth has long been heralded as the next big thing in golf -- shining in the amateur ranks with two U.S. junior titles and leading last year 's Masters after the third round before eventually finishing tied for second , three shots behind Bubba Watson . On Sunday , he held his nerve at the Innisbrook Resort in Palm Harbor , Florida , to hold on for the victory . He first rescued par on the 16th with a 60-foot bunker shot and needed a 32-foot putt to ensure his place in the playoff , which he duly holed . It was a putt of similar length that ensured a second Tour win to add to his John Deere Classic success in July 2013 , which he also won courtesy of a playoff making him the youngest PGA Tour winner for 82 years at the time .	Jordan Spieth only the fourth player since 1940 to seal two PGA Tour wins under age of 22 Golfing 's newest star sets his sights on usurping Rory McIlroy as the world 's No. 1 Confidence is high going into the Masters , in which he finished second a year ago
CNN  -- He helped resurrect Liverpool 's footballing fortunes , and he has been called up by England ahead of the World Cup in Brazil . Britain 's most successful Olympian Chris Hoy calls him the "  voice of reason , " snooker champion Ronnie O'Sullivan credits him with bringing him back from the brink of retirement , while footballer Craig Bellamy says he saved him from mental torture . The list of sporting luminaries queuing up to wax lyrical about Professor Steve Peters paint the picture of a miracle worker , but the 61-year-old modestly downplays his role in helping shape British sport across a myriad of disciplines . "  It is n't that I have a magic model , " he says . "  People think it 's a cure but it 's not that . I just want to bring the best out of people . "  I ca n't take someone off the street and make them a world champion in whatever sport they wanted . That 's not possible , as you need skill and ability with it . " But Peters ' success in helping athletes is truly remarkable , being involved with numerous Olympic and world champions . Not that he ever counted such things -- it simply is n't in his psyche . Growing up in the northern English town of Middlesbrough , the son of a docker was the first in his family to go to university . He taught maths before retraining to become a doctor , and jokes that he turned to psychiatry because "  that had less on-call hours in those days . " But it started his fascination with the human mind , which has not diminished . However , it was never his overriding ambition to win medals -- he got into sport by accident rather than design , working with a cyclist in 2001 "  merely to help out a friend . " "  I just want to help people , " he explains . "  My biggest satisfaction is getting a better quality of life , where you 've seen that suffering and been able to remove that suffering , whether that 's in sport or their personal lives . " His greatest and most prolonged success has come with British Cycling , where he was brought in by the forward-thinking Dave Brailsford -- the man behind the success of Team Sky , home of Tour de France winners Bradley Wiggins and Chris Froome . Despite knowing little about football , Peters helped guide Liverpool to the brink of a first English league title in 24 years -- and will again work with the club 's captain Steven Gerrard in the England World Cup campaign in Brazil . He has helped five-time world champion O'Sullivan to fight his very public mental demons , and came to the aid of renowned "  bad boy " Bellamy after the suicide of the former Liverpool and Manchester City striker 's mentor Gary Speed . "  Both Ronnie and Craig have been amazing pupils -- both have worked really hard , " Peters says . "  Both started from a tough place . Sometimes people find it hard to understand that people have gifts but they can be put in a position that they 're not quite capable of understanding the emotion that goes with it , and they say or do things they regret . "  Both were determined to change and get the best out of themselves . It was hard work but enjoyable . " So how exactly does Peters teach people how to control their brains ? The basis of it is "  The Chimp Model " -- which he explains in his book as the different parts of the brain that battle for domination . The emotional , irrational part is the chimp , which he challenges athletes to control , while seeking to remove "  gremlins " and "  goblins " -- negative beliefs or behaviors that can inhibit performance . "  I use that model to access the mind as it 's much easier for people to think of something accessible , " Peters says . "  But you have to be adaptable to the individual , to understand their environment and get the best out of them . I often get asked for five tips to help people or something like that but it 's just not possible . A tip to one person wo n't help another . Everybody is individual . " Peters says athletes need to work on their mind as they would their technical skills or strength and conditioning , and he believes it requires just five or 10 minutes a day -- which he does himself to keep his inner chimp at bay . Despite all the successes , there are inevitable blips . Peters ' Midas touch , for example , seemed to evade him in recent weeks as O'Sullivan was unable to retain his world title while Liverpool slipped up in final stretch of the Premier League season . "  The driving force is that I like to see people succeed whatever it is they try to do , whether that 's medals or whatever , " he adds . "  I get asked if I fail but I ca n't make people win . What I try to do is to take away the barriers that are governing them : ` What are you trying to do , what 's stopping you ? ' "  It 's not for me to tell people . I just give suggestions . "  Ronnie O'Sullivan is a good example . People said it must have been a terrible day in that final . It was n't . Obviously Ronnie was disappointed as he wanted to win the title . "  But he was in a good place in the dressing room and was talking about someone playing out of his skin . He was like , ` I 'm doing what I can . ' For 20 years , he made three world championship finals and now he 's made the last three finals consecutively . " Liverpool 's players and management alike have paid tribute to the Peters effect . He has generally worked with individuals , but likens tackling a football team as similar to his cycling experiences . "  Both Dave Brailsford and Brendan Rodgers are amazing managers , they know how to run teams . It makes my life easier as I 'm just brought in to help . I 'm just one of a number of people in a support team in both cases . " It is all a far cry from his previous job working at a high-security psychiatric hospital for 12 years , dealing with people with a wide variety of personality disorders , and being helped to track down the Soham murderer Ian Huntley . Are there any parallels between such clinical work and sport ? "  In sport or the corporate world , in whatever , it 's more or less the same as you 're dealing with people and what 's going on in their head , " Peters says . "  If people are ill or people have forensic personalities , you still have to adapt in the same way to , ` What 's my role in this ? ' "  Of course , it 's a very different remit deciding whether people need to be detained for public safety than riding a bike around a velodrome but it 's the same brain mechanics . It 's a little bit like running a car -- it could be they have different engines but there 's a generic feel for those engines . " If Peters can help England 's footballers to win the World Cup for the first time since 1966 , he will indeed be dubbed a "  sporting savior " -- but he is wary of being seen as the only solution in such circumstances . "  It 's not just me , there are lots of people doing this , " said Peters , speaking more generally about his work , rather than specifically about the England team . "  And people should n't think mine is the only way . "  I might not work for some people , so my advice would be to find the model that works for you . "	Professor Steve Peters has been hailed as a savior by a long list of sports stars Psychiatrist 's work in sport began in British cycling and now includes Liverpool FC He warns that his approach , using "  The Chimp Paradox , " is no miracle cure in sport or life Peters draws parallels with sport and working in a high-security unit earlier in his career
AOL Autos  -- Letting someone else deal with the day to day expenses of maintaining an automobile  and just paying for what you use  seems to be a novel idea . Joining a "  car share , " such as the popular Zipcar car sharing service , is gaining in popularity as consumers look to other ways to save money . Car-sharing services let you avoid paying for gas and insurance , but there are fees and rules . By using a car share , you 're not only shedding monthly car payments , taxes , insurance and upkeep , but you can let someone else worry about whether the old rattle trap will make it another year . You simply pay a fee and drive the car when you need it . By maximizing the utilization of a single automobile among many users , car sharing services claim they are helping to reduce pollution , too . Every single Zipcar removes about 15 personal cars from the road , the company says . Unclogging traffic and dialing back the amount of single-occupant vehicles burning fuel has a greening effect . Reducing expenses and saving the polar ice caps are n't the only reasons ; there 's as much justification for joining a car share as you can dream up , from impressing the client at a business meeting with a fancy car to going over the river and through the woods for family gatherings , all without actually owning a car  or paying for its gas or insurance  . But is a car share for you ? The concept seems best suited to metro areas , where car insurance rates and parking costs can be high . On the other hand , if you work out of your car , use it on a daily basis or live in a more rural or expansive suburban region , you might be better off keeping your current car . AOL Autos : Top 11 distracting things people do in their cars "  The ideal candidates for car sharing are consumers and businesses in cities where owning a car is costly , where there is good public transit , and where most amenities are within walking distance , " Zipcar President and COO Mark Norman said . "  In other words , where you do n't really need to own a car . In addition , students are ideal car sharing members , given the high cost of ownership as well as the increasing limits on parking on campus . " AOL Autos : Cheapest cars to own Automobiles can be a huge hassle and expense if you only drive occasionally , so we 've set out to look at what car sharing involves . AOL Autos : Pay as you drive insurance How does it work ? The biggest North American car share , Zipcar , aims to be convenient , easy , and technologically savvy . Far more streamlined than an old-school rental car , Zipcar makes getting the use of an automobile about as easy as making a withdrawal from an ATM . The concept of car sharing had its genesis in Europe and has spread to the North American market as interest in frugality and environmental consciousness has increased . AOL Autos : Twenty cars of the future The first step to using Zipcar is signing up . As a member , you 'll get a "  Zipcard , " which allows you to reserve a vehicle near you via the company 's Web site or from a new iPhone application . Once you 've reserved a car  or truck -- the beauty of car sharing services is that you can get a big car when you need it , not when you do n't  , a pretty neat technology unlocks the doors when you walk near your vehicle  we wo n't bore you with the details , but if you 're wondering , it 's called radio frequency identification  . When it senses the card on you , the doors unlock , at which point , you 're on your way . Cars are located all over metro areas  Zipcar gives you a map to the location of the car you 've booked  . While application approval is usually quick , it takes a few days to get the Zipcard mailed to you . If your city has a Zipcard office , you can pick up your card there . Where can you find car sharing ? Car shares are springing up across the U.S. , but you 're likely to find them in major cities with a traffic problem . Zipcar is the largest service of its kind in the United States , maintaining a fleet of 6,500 automobiles that service 300,000-plus users . Twenty-eight states have at least one Zipcar outpost , and Zipcar has expanded its user base by 100 percent per year since 2004 , so new service areas will spring up where demand supports it . Zipcar also operates in Canada , as well as London in the UK . The service is strongest on the coasts , with the Northeast being particularly thick with coverage , but even Des Moines , Iowa has Zipcars available . Zipcar claims that as consumers are moving toward more "  access " models  such as buying music by the song for your MP3 player  , cars could also move in this direction . "  Car sharing has always represented great value for consumers by giving them the freedom of car ownership without the cost and hassles , " Zipcar 's Norman said . "  Now more than ever , in an economic recession and with gas prices on the rise , people and businesses are turning to car sharing . In addition , in an era where people buy music by the song , driving a car by the hour makes a lot of sense . " Municipalities often tout car sharing if a service is available . Check with your city to see if there are any plans to bring car sharing to your city . What are the costs ? Since Zipcar is the most popular , we 'll take a look at their fee structure for a sample of what car sharing might cost you . Rates vary by city , but on average a Zipcar account costs $ 75 to startup and there 's an annual fee of $ 50 for an occasional driving plan . Additional drivers from the same household can be added to an account for $ 25 each . Insurance and fuel are covered -- each Zipcar has a gas card for fillup time . Overstay your reservation , and you 'll get whacked for at least $ 50 ; late fees are $ 50 per hour with a $ 50 minimum . Reminders can be set up so users are n't caught off guard by poor time-management . Extra value plans wipe away the annual fee for a monthly commitment of at least $ 50 . Ideal for heavy users , the rates are lower across the board . Businesses and Universities are also in Zipcar 's crosshairs , and the Zipcar fleet could save many businesses money on company cars . AOL Autos : Rental car prices can change in a heartbeat Zipcar touts its fleet as the most diverse of its kind with everything from Priuses to pickup trucks . There are premium nameplates in Zipcar 's fleet that command higher prices -- the cars for the image-conscious versus plain-jane driver . Full-day rentals are $ 65 , and a 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. business day runs $ 56 . Cars come with a full tank of fuel , and you get 180 miles per day before you start paying by the mile . Other car sharing services Zipcar is n't the only game in town , of course . Traditional car rental services offer one-way rentals , which Zipcar does not ; this is something to consider depending on your travel plans . Hertz has jumped into the breech with its "  Connect by Hertz " product , a veritable clone of Zipcar . Hertz only offers its service in five locations so far : New York City ; Park Ridge , New Jersey ; Ohio State University ; Pepperdine University in California ; and Washington D.C. UHaul has also tossed its hat into the ring with its UCarShare service , mostly based around specific college campuses in a small number of locations . UCarShare 's rates are higher and terms more restrictive than Zipcar 's . Regional players also abound , most based around a particular region . Bay area residents can use City Carshare , Chicago has I-GO , and there are small car sharing services in places like Denver , Philly , St. Louis , or Cleveland . Rates for these competitors vary from on par to more expensive . Terms of service may be different , some offering included miles , some charging for each mile -- it runs the gamut .	It is possible to drive a car when you want without owning it Many big cities , some colleges have companies offering car-share services Zipcar has U.S. fleet of 6,500 automobiles that service 300,000-plus users You pay membership fee , monthly fee -- but do n't pay for gas or insurance
CNN  -- A federal judge spent the night in an Atlanta jail after being charged with misdemeanor battery in an alleged domestic violence incident involving his wife . U.S. District Judge Mark Fuller , 55 , of Montgomery , Alabama , was charged with battery physical harm-family violence after Atlanta police responded to the downtown Ritz-Carlton hotel shortly before 11 p.m. Saturday . "  Officers spoke to the victim , who stated she was assaulted by her husband , Mark Fuller , " an Atlanta Police Department release says . "  Officers observed injuries to the victim . She was treated on scene by  paramedics  but refused to be transported to the hospital . Mr. Fuller was not injured . " The judge arrived at the jail about 2:30 a.m. Sunday . Fuller appeared before Chief Magistrate Judge Stephanie Davis via video conference from the Fulton County Jail on Monday morning , said Fulton County Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Tracy Flanagan . Fuller 's next court date is August 22 for a probable cause hearing , Flanagan said . There was no plea entered Monday because it was a bond hearing , public defender Melissa Nelson told CNN . Nelson did n't expect to obtain more information on the case , she said , because Fuller is hiring a private attorney , whose name was n't immediately available . Davis granted Fuller a $ 5,000 signature bond and he walked out of the jail before noon , Flanagan said . Fuller was confirmed to the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Alabama in 2002 .	NEW : Fuller enters no plea at his Monday bond hearing Police responded to Ritz-Carlton hotel , where Mark Fuller 's wife said he assaulted her Released on a signature bond , Fuller is expected back in court August 22 Fuller was confirmed to the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Alabama in 2002
UTTAR PRADESH , India  CNN  -- On World Population Day this year India 's new health and welfare minister came out with an idea on how to tackle the population issue : Bring electricity to every Indian village so that people would watch television until late at night and therefore be too tired to make babies . Could the remote control be a birth control method ? That statement raised eyebrows across this vast country -- but what are the realities and reactions from families who make up the second largest population in the world ? At 80-plus years old Omar Mohammed has never heard of population control . He lives in India 's most populous state Uttar Pradesh and has certainly done his part in contributing to India 's burgeoning population . "  Now you see I have 24 children , 13 boys and 11 girls , " Omar says . Omar believes only God can decide how many children you should have . He lifts his hands to the sky and says : "  This is His command . It 's not my doing , it 's His doing . " On the other hand there 's the Arora family in the capital city of Delhi . They have two children . "  You ca n't even get enough water or electricity now . So its advisable that people have only two children and then they should stop having more kids . " mother Anjana Arora says . The Aroras know a little something about population issues ; their daughter was given the official title of India 's one billionth citizen when she was born in 2000 . With family planning and free contraceptive programs the Indian government has long tried to encourage families to have only two children . Overall government statistics show the birth rate is coming down . The numbers show 14 of India 's 35 states have reached the two child per family target . But the push is failing in other states , especially in villages and among the poor and illiterate where the fertility rate is as high as 3.5 children per woman . There are all kinds of reasons -- from the desire to continue having children until a son is born to lack of access to contraceptives . The government 's concern is that a booming population will further test already scarce resources , greatly impact the environment , and make life even harder for the poor . According to the United Nations , India is home to 50 percent of the world 's poor and on current projections , India will become the most populous country on earth sometime in the next 50 years , overtaking China . Upon hearing about the latest idea to use electricity and television to give people something else to do besides procreate , mom Anjana Arora scoffed . "  That 's a stupid thing " she said in English then switched to Hindi "  The only way to change people 's mentality is through education . " But not everyone is writing the idea off . "  It 's an idea that can really work . " says A.R. Nanda . Years ago Nanda helped draft some of India 's population stabilization policies and he now runs the Population Foundation of India . He says while education and access to health care is paramount , electrifying villages is not a bad idea . "  It gives a message loud and clear that we need to do something for the people which is people-friendly and which in a way will keep their minds from taking irrational decisions about producing more babies , " Nanda says . He says there are studies that prove it . One such survey done in 2006 by an Italian sexologist reveals couples with televisions in their bedrooms had sex half as much as those without it . That being said Omar Mohammed , the man with 24 children had a different take . "  After watching TV , " he says , "  when we look at scintillating things we will probably want to make more children . "	An Indian idea to curb its population growth is raising eyebrows Health minister suggested late night TV could make people too tired for sex Population expert says the idea has some merits But parents are not so sure the plan would work
CNN  -- A man boards a plane in Liberia with a slight fever . As the jet nears an airport in New York , his temperature rises ; his throat grows sore . It 's the flu , he thinks after he lands , but he 's wrong . He 's caught the deadly Ebola virus . He soon dies of hemorrhagic fever while surrounded by family . Some of them catch it , and it 's like a flame hitting a fuse . The United States erupts in its first Ebola pandemic as health care workers fight an uphill battle to contain it . Could what sounds like the plot of a Hollywood pestilence thriller really happen here ? Well , yes and no . Yes , Ebola can come to the United States . But no , there 's no reason to panic . "  This is not an epidemic ; it 's not the kind of disease that can sweep through New York , " said Dr. Alexander van Tulleken of Fordham University . What is the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ? The ` yes ' part : Given that international air travel is commonplace , it 's realistic that an infected passenger could land in the country . One nearly did . Patrick Sawyer , a U.S. citizen working in Liberia , fell violently ill while on a plane to Nigeria this month . He was planning on returning to his family in Minnesota but died before he could . "  It 's going to happen at some point , " CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said . A person can be infected and not show symptoms for up to three weeks . So it 's possible for someone to fly to the United States who has the virus but is feeling fine . "  Just observing the whole process , it 's almost impossible to prevent from happening , " Gupta said . Then , the person could develop symptoms of Ebola hemorrhagic fever , which would make the patient capable of passing the virus . To catch it , one has to come into contact with a sick person 's bodily fluids : sweat , saliva , blood or excrement . The ` no ' part : Experts agree that the disease would not spread far like it has in Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia , where health officials believe it has killed more than 700 people in the largest Ebola outbreak in recorded history . There are two reasons for this : â $ cents Though Ebola is aggressively infectious , which means that those infected are highly likely to get sick , it 's not very contagious , meaning that it does n't spread easily . â $ cents Public health educators and medical professionals in the United States and other highly industrialized countries would deal with it swiftly . It 's an advantage the poor affected countries in West Africa do n't have . "  It certainly is feasible that someone could come to the United States who is infected and gets sick here . No one 's denying that , " said Dr. Anthony Fauci of the National Institutes of Health . But the health care system in the United States gives it the ability "  to do the kind of isolation that apparently is very difficult to do within the health care infrastructure in the African countries that we are talking about . " The ` why not ' part : To answer that , consider the following : 1 . Knowledge is key . That 's one of the big advantages that industrialized nations , such as the United States , have in fighting Ebola 's spread . First , teach health care workers to recognize Ebola cases . Then quarantine them . Then keep people out of contact with their bodily fluids while it runs its course . The CDC has alerted health workers in the United States to keep an eye out for symptomatic patients who have recently traveled to West Africa . If a case does turn up , public health officials will work to rapidly track down other people the patient has come into contact with and screen them for the virus . They are currently looking for anyone who may have come into contact with Sawyer . 2 . There 's little superstition surrounding Ebola here . "  Epidemics of disease are often followed by epidemics of fear and epidemics of stigma , " said Dr. Marty Cetron of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  All these kinds of things occur in a social context that can make containment very , very challenging . " In many parts of West Africa , rumors have spread that eating raw onions will protect from the disease while mangoes may promote it , the World Health Organization has said . Villagers carry out their usual burial of the dead , coming into contact with bodily fluids and infecting themselves . With too few people to mount a tough battle against the spread of the disease itself , aid workers have said they are putting a lot of emphasis on education . They are teaching local residents to stay out of contact with the virus while they treat the sick . But locals often view them with suspicion , some accusing them of bringing the disease to the country . 3 . There 's ready access to basic care . "  We do n't have a vaccine , and we do n't have any drugs that work on it at the moment , " van Tulleken said . "  The treatment is entirely what we call supportive care . " Much of the treatment involves simple nursing , things such as proper hydration and nutrition . In places where aid workers in West Africa have done so , they have been able to save about 45 % of those infected . Without treatment , the death rate can run as high as 90 % , Medecins sans Frontieres has said . A pretty good way not to catch the virus is not to come into unprotected contact with sick patients . That 's why Ebola caregivers dress in head-to-toe protective gear with masks and patients are isolated in tent-like structures , making it look like the scene of a chemical spill . How the United States and the West can help is to devote money and staff to contain the virus in West Africa . "  We 're not doing a brilliant job of containing the epidemic in terms of the resources we 've devoted to it so far , " van Tulleken said . Ebola outbreak cripples West Africa , threatens beyond Deadliest-ever outbreak : What you need to know Ebola doctor in Sierra Leone dies CNN 's Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	A man eventually headed for the U.S. died of Ebola hemorrhagic fever in Nigeria Had he arrived , he could have infected others But an epidemic outbreak in the United States would be unlikely In West Africa , the largest outbreak in recorded history has killed more than 700 people
Singer Chris Brown admitted Friday to violating his probation by getting arrested in Washington -- an admission his lawyer hopes will gain his freedom soon . Brown , 25 , wore an orange jail jumpsuit and handcuffs , but he appeared to be smiling as he was led into court in Los Angeles by deputies Friday afternoon . The singer has been in custody for two months and in court-ordered rehab five months before that while awaiting a probation revocation trial . But with that trial on hold because of a delay in his D.C. assault case , Brown lawyer Mark Geragos decided it would be better to settle the case sooner and not later . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James Brandlin immediately sentenced Brown to serve 365 days in jail for the admitted probation violation . He was given credit for serving 234 days because of the rehab and jail time , leaving 131 days left to serve . But Brown 's lawyer told CNN that he expects Brown to be released from custody by the county sheriff within the next week . "  I would expect that Chris should be out of jail before the weekend 's up or before Monday , " Geragos said after the hearing . "  If he is n't out by Monday , then I would expect he 's getting special treatment . He 's got over 230 days credit on a 365  day sentence  and generally the sheriff is releasing on a lot less than that . " Brown 's probation for the 2009 beating of ex-girlfriend Rihanna was revoked after his arrest in connection to a misdemeanor assault charge out of Washington Friday 's admission in Los Angeles that he violated his probation by committing a crime in Washington should lead to a quick resolution of the District of Columbia assault case , Geragos said . Brown still must complete about 700 hours of community labor at a rate of three days a week once he is released from jail . Geragos , however , said Brown has "  enjoyed " the work because it is "  at a facility that has allowed to him to kind of expand his horizons . " His probation office calculated that his probation , which began in August 2009 , should end on January 23 , 2015 . Until then , he must attend several anger management and family counseling sessions each week and submit to random drug tests the judge said . Friday 's resolution is a relief for Brown after languishing in jail for the past two months , his lawyer said . "  We 're gratified that he was not sentenced to state prison , gratified that he 's still on probation , " Geragos said . "  I think that Chris has learned quite a bit through this experience and I 'm anxious to see how he does , as I think everybody else is . " Chris Brown 's ` Con Air ' trip to L.A.	Chris Brown should be out of jail by Monday , his lawyer says The singer has been in custody for 2 months and in rehab 5 months before that
RealSimple.com  -- Invest in these designs now , and the pros say they 'll be coveted collectibles one day . 1 . Louis Ghost Chair by Philippe Starck Great indoors or outdoors , this chair is a refreshing twist on the 250-year-old Louis XVI version , a court of Versailles staple that had a huge impact on furniture design . To buy : $ 400 , exitartcatalog.stores.yahoo.net . The backstory : French designer Starck , the man behind boutique hotels like the Delano , in Miami Beach , joined forces with Italian furniture manufacturer Kartell in 2002 to create this beauty , which is made by injecting molten plastic into a mold  so it has no seams  . It resides in the Philadelphia Museum of Art 's permanent collection . What design pros say : "  Starck 's a design genius , " says Jeffrey Beers , founder and CEO of Jeffrey Beers International , and architecture and design firm in New York City . "  This chair will certainly appreciate tenfold in 25 to 30 years . " Real Simple : Decorating with door accessories 2 . Garland Shade Light by Tord Boontje This shimmery fixture features a doilylike shade in brass or silver , which clips to the base of a bulb . You can combine shades to create larger designs . To buy : $ 95 , momastore.org . The backstory : In 2001 botany met bare bulbs when Dutch designer Boontje devised a pattern of leaves and flowers on a sheet of metal that could be cut with a laser . His light has been exhibited in the Victoria and Albert Museum , in London , and is in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art , in New York City . What design pros say : "  I can see why I 'd still be excited about this piece in 30 years , " says Anthony Di Bitonto , director of industrial design at Smart Design in New York City . "  Some things are too heavily styled , and they can look dated . But this is pure and simple . " Real Simple : Marbleized home accents 3 . Balcons du Guadalquivir China by Hermès Strikingly chic -- but also dishwasher - and microwave-safe -- this set features a red pigment meticulously applied by hand in several layers to achieve dimension . To buy : $ 357 for a five-piece place setting , parkavegifts.com . The backstory : Known for its leather goods , the French luxury purveyor Hermès branched into tableware in 1984 and in 2005 introduced Balcons du Guadalquivir , named for the iron balconies overlooking the Guadalquivir River , in the Andalusia region of Spain . What design pros say : "  Everything Hermès stands for is about quality and timelessness , " says Ralph Pucci , owner of Pucci International showrooms . 4 . Tight Back Sofa by Baker With a sturdy maple hardwood frame , this sofa will last for generations . Reminiscent of midcentury modern Danish and Scandinavian designs , it mixes a traditional camelback style with contemporary , clean lines to create a timeless look . To buy : $ 5,516 , Sofa No. 6386-80 , bakerfurniture.com for stores . The backstory : Baker has been turning out classic furnishings since the company was founded , in 1890 . This sofa , introduced in 1995 , hails from the debut collection of San Francisco designer Michael Vanderbyl for Baker . What design pros say : "  Baker furniture holds value in the same way antiques do -- and antiques never go out of style , " says Jennifer Litwin , a home-furnishings expert in Chicago . Real Simple : Simple updates for old furniture 5 . Rug by Madeline Weinrib This handwoven cotton rug is reversible and features an interpretation of an endless knot , a Buddhist symbol that represents unity or eternity . In textiles , the motif is typically seen as part of a larger pattern , but this version celebrates it on its own . To buy : $ 1,050  8 by 10 feet  , madelineweinrib.com for locations . The backstory : Designer Weinrib , whose great-grandfather founded ABC Carpet & Home , created the Megan rug in 2005 . She also designs home accessories . What design pros say : "  It 's the perfect blend of minimalist design and maximal color , " says Celerie Kemble , an interior designer in New York City . "  When that 's done right , it can become iconic . " Real Simple : Insiders ' guide to home décor websites 6 . Throw Pillows by Jonathan Adler Bursting with texture and graphic oomph , these handmade Bargello pillows from designer Adler get their name from a type of needlework that produces a zigzagging pattern of long stitches . To buy : $ 110  Diamonds  to $ 145  Flame  , jonathanadler.com . The backstory : Although needlework had a resurgence in the 1970s , and then again around 2000 , Adler modernized the medium in 2005 by infusing his throw pillows with what he calls "  Palm Beach style " : punchy colors and geometric designs . What design pros say : "  Adler is so well-known that having one of his pillows has its own cachet , " says Lisa S. Roberts , an antiques connoisseur in Philadelphia . "  In 25 years , they 'll be collectible , because they 're from his original line . " 7 . Silver-Coated Seashells by Ruzzetti & Gow These seashells are gathered in the Philippines and sent to Rome , where Ruzzetti artisans coat them -- wholly or partially -- with sterling silver . To buy : $ 40 to $ 2,500 each  most are in the $ 200 range  , ruzzettiandgow.com for stores . The backstory : Designer Christopher Gow first saw these shells in 1993 -- they were being produced in the Italian silver factory of his friend Giampiero Ruzzetti . "  I would bring them back to the United States as wedding gifts , " says Gow , "  and people went crazy for them . " The duo began exporting them in 1996 . What design pros say : "  Who knows what silver is going to be worth in 50 years ? " says Chip Cordelli , a furniture dealer and prop and interior stylist in Brooklyn . "  I think it will be something really special . " Real Simple : Eclectic home décor ideas 8 . T-table by Patricia Urquiola Made of shatterproof injection-molded plastic , this table features a 20-inch-diameter top with a delicate cutout design . It 's available in three heights . To buy : $ 263 , unicahome.com . The backstory : Spanish designer Urquiola had a hit with this table at the 2005 Milan International Furniture Fair , and in 2006 it went into mass production . What design pros say : "  In 30 years , the table will look just as fresh , " says Di Bitonto . "  It 's simple and modern . " Real Simple : 4 ways to create a royal home Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	These simple , modern designs have the potential to become coveted collectibles The Garland Shade Light by Tord Boontje features a doilylike shade in brass or silver The Tight Back Sofa by Baker has a maple hardwood frame , making it timeless and durable
