CNN  -- The Department of Veterans Affairs said Wednesday it will apologize to veterans who were mistakenly told they 'd been diagnosed with a fatal neurological condition . Brent Casey said went into a "  meltdown " when he got a letter from the VA saying , erroneously , that he had ALS . Letters were sent August 13 to 1,864 veterans and survivors , the VA said in a written statement . They were supposed to be sent to veterans with ALS -- also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease -- to keep them apprised of expanding benefits eligibility . "  According to the records of the Department of Veterans Affairs  VA  , you have a diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ALS  , " said the letter , according to the National Gulf War Resource Center . "  This letter tells you about VA disability compensation benefits that may be available to you . " But some who received the letters , like Brent Casey , do not have ALS . Casey , a disabled Army veteran from the first Gulf War , told CNN that when he received the letter , he was "  just completely beside myself . Just floored . Went into a complete and total meltdown . I could n't speak , could n't -- I guess I was , truthfully , speechless . " The VA said issued a statement saying it made "  a coding error , and a number of veterans who should not have received this letter did . " An estimated one-third of the letters -- more than 600 -- were sent erroneously , a department official familiar with the program told CNN . After hearing from veterans who received the letter but do not have ALS , the VA immediately began reviewing individual claims files for all the recipients to determine who received the letter by mistake , agency spokeswoman Katie Roberts said in the statement . "  VA employees are personally contacting these individuals to ensure they understand the letter should not be confused with a medical diagnosis of ALS , explain why they mistakenly received the letter and express VA 's sincere apologies for the distress caused by this unfortunate and regrettable error . " "  It 's not right for it to happen this way , " Casey said . "  Regardless if it was the case that I was diagnosed with ALS , that would be the worst possible way for an organization to let an individual know . " Upon receiving the letter , some veterans sought a second opinion outside the VA , according to veterans ' service organizations , paying for doctors ' consultations out of their own pockets . The VA said it will reimburse those veterans for the costs . In addition , the VA said it is reviewing its notification process to make sure a similar error does n't happen again . The AmVets service organization is "  encouraged " by the VA 's response to the situation , and pleased to see they caught the error , said spokesman Ryan Gallucci . CNN Radio 's John Lorinc contributed to this report .	NEW : VA says some 600 people got letters in error due to a "  coding error " Letters sent last week informed 1,864 veterans and survivors of ALS diagnosis VA : "  Employees are personally contacting " those who do n't have disease Agency is reviewing notification process to ensure no such error is repeated
CNN  -- "  LMAO @ L.A. , " came the text . "  Laughing My  Butt  Off at Los Angeles , " it meant . A friend from the Midwest sent it . "  Hahaha , " the next text heckled . "  Dodgers & Angels spent $ $ $ & still stink ! " If you say so , I said . "  Lakers Stink 2 , " it continued . OK , OK , I got it . This joker -- I guess others out there , too -- gets a weird satisfaction out of L.A. 's teams being so rich but playing so poorly . The digs do keep coming . Jay Leno : "  The Dodgers have lost seven straight . They 're so bad , they 've changed ` Bobble Head Night ' to ` Shake Your Head in Disbelief Night . ' " Then it became eight straight . Leno : "  President Obama wants to close Gitmo . Gitmo ? How about closing Dodger Stadium ? How many people are being tortured there night after night ? " A funny thing happened on the way to a Freeway World Series here in smug , smoggy , sunny , show-me-the-money Southern California . Our big-buck teams are playing 99 Cent Store ball . In fact , all of SoCal is in the midst of some kind of too-big-to-fail madness . We 've got more flops than Nicole Kidman . We bought . We splurged . We invested . We went for broke . We spent like Real Housewives at a Beverly Hills plastic surgeons . But what did it get us so far ? Losers across the board . I ca n't figure it out . Where did L.A. go wrong ? Bleacher Report : What Lakers need for next year The Lakers were loaded . Stupendous payroll . Dwight Howard and Steve Nash joined a team that already had Kobe Bryant and Pau Gasol . It could be the best team of all time ! It could win 75 of its 82 games ! NBA , get out of their way ! The Angels reloaded . They already had the mighty Albert Pujols and the cool kid Mike Trout . Oh , so how about we go get Josh Hamilton , too ? A murderers ' row ! See you in October ! The Dodgers recovered . They were bankrupt , then were bought up -- by Magic Johnson and friends -- for more than $ 2 billion , yet ! Let 's go shopping ! Hanley Ramirez , ka-ching . Josh Beckett , Carl Crawford and Adrian Gonzalez , ka-ching . Zack Greinke , ka-ching . Money is no object ! It 's time for Dodger baseball ! Well , so far , so bad . Bleacher Report : First quarter grade for Dodgers Lakers : An 0-8 preseason and 1-4 start get the coach canned . A replacement is hired while much-loved Phil Jackson is still mulling it over . Much-loved owner Dr. Jerry Buss dies from cancer . Howard 's hurt , Nash hurt , Kobe hurt , Pau hurt . The new coach is not much-loved . Fans chant : "  We Want Phil ! " Lakers use players in the playoffs who are named Who , What and I Do n't Know . They lose a game by 31 points -- worst home playoff loss ever . Howard gets ejected from Game 4 . The season ends and Kobe sues his mom for selling his memorabilia . Get me CBS or NBC . Have I got a sitcom for you . Angels : A week into the season , ace pitcher Jered Weaver breaks his elbow . Angels lose eight of first 10 games . Pujols , a slow start . Trout , ditto . Hamilton , a slower than slow start . The dependable Torii Hunter gets traded to Detroit -- where he 's hot . The expendable Vernon Wells gets traded to New York -- where he 's hotter than hot . As of May 16 , only the hopeless Houston Astros have won fewer games in the American League than the stars-R-us Angels have . Dodgers : A week into the season , ace pitcher Greinke breaks his collarbone . Other pitchers get hurt . Other hitters get hurt . Not a lot to smile about at Dodger Stadium except a Korean pitcher named Hyun-Jin Ryu who looks good and a Korean entertainer named Psy who comes to a game to dance in the aisles between innings while a wide-eyed Tommy Lasorda looks at him like he 's a man from Mars . As of May 16 , our Two Billion Dollar Men are in last place . Call 911 . Call CSI : L.A. Something 's killing our teams . Not that we do n't appreciate the L.A. Kings and L.A. Galaxy winning championships in hockey and soccer the way they have . I like hockey . I like soccer . I just do n't get a lot of texts that go , "  Wow , L.A. sure does have big-name hockey stars ! " Or : "  Whoa , I 've got Galaxy fever ! " We 've seen our more famous teams go from good to bad . USC football finally got off NCAA probation , had star quarterback Matt Barkley back , was ranked No. 1 in the nation in a preseason poll -- then went 7-6 , embarrassed itself in a bowl game and saw Barkley disappear on NFL Draft Day . UCLA basketball christened a remodeled arena , brought in blue-chip recruit Shabazz Muhammad , looked OK -- then lost by 20 points in the NCAA tournament to Minnesota and fired the coach . Things turned so dark , we even turned our dials to America 's Funniest Home Basketball Team -- yep , the L.A. Clippers -- to save our city . I mean , come on . Expecting a championship from the Clippers is like expecting Mark Zuckerberg to end up on a 10 Best-Dressed List . But there they were , L.A. 's new darlings , winning 16 games in a row , dunking and funking , popularizing the cool name "  Lob City , " doing TV ads for cars and stuff , having a 50-win season for the first time , winning the NBA 's Pacific Division for the first time , winning two playoff games -- mmmm , kiss my red Clips , baby ! Then they blew Games 3 , 4 , 5 and 6 and kissed off the whole year . Well , what does n't kill you makes you stronger , as Kelly Clarkson likes to scream on iTunes . OK , so David Beckham does n't want to kick soccer balls for us anymore . OK , so the NFL still wo n't give us a team . OK , so the Hollywood Park horse-race track is shutting down for good . We will survive . Besides , baseball season 's still early . I would n't count out those Dodgers or Angels of ours just yet . They 've got time . They 've got talent . They 've got $ $ $ . If u think they stink , hey , go text yourself .	Mike Downey says L.A. teams are "  playing 99 Cent Store ball " "  SoCal is in the midst of some kind of too-big-to-fail madness , " he says Downey : "  We 've seen our more famous teams go from good to bad "
CNN  -- Late in January , the book publisher Macmillan told Amazon it wanted to raise the prices of its books sold through the online retailer . Amazon made clear it wanted to continue to set prices for Macmillan 's books , as it does for most books it sells . To make sure the publisher understood it was serious , Amazon cut the links that enable people to buy Macmillan 's books via Amazon 's Web site . For more than a week , you could still see Macmillan books on Amazon ; you just could n't order one . Even though the two companies have since struck a truce , the showdown should deeply concern anyone who cares not merely about the health of this vital industry , but about concentration of political power in America . What should concern us foremost is not that Amazon 's managers believe they -- rather than the people who write and edit our books -- have a right to set the price for books . It is that Amazon 's managers believe they have consolidated sufficient power -- the company sells as much as 80 percent of all ebooks , for instance -- to enforce their will by cutting off the public 's access to a publisher 's books . More disturbing yet , Amazon is not alone in having captured such a position . Another company that has captured a real say over the actions of our publishers is Wal-Mart . And Wal-Mart is a goliath that has repeatedly used its dominant position to influence the content of products by refusing to sell certain books or music . Indeed , such brute use of power is increasingly the norm across our economy . As anyone who has studied the business practices of Wal-Mart , Home Depot and Best Buy knows , rough treatment of the people who make what we buy is true in just about every industry . It was not always this way in America . A generation ago every city boasted its own department stores , discount shops and independent bookstores . Power was so widely distributed that few retailers enjoyed any real power over suppliers . The consolidation in retail since then is due largely to two revolutions in our anti-monopoly laws . The first was the Consumer Goods Pricing Act of 1975 , which gave retailers the power to price other companies ' products . Second was the Reagan administration 's reframing of our anti-monopoly laws in 1981 around the concept of "  consumer welfare . " Until then , the prime purpose of anti-monopoly laws was to protect citizens against concentration of political power . Since then , officials have used our anti-monopoly laws instead to lower prices . To achieve this end , they often virtually promote concentration of power over entire market systems . As a result , it is now all but routine for big firms , in their efforts to grow bigger and increase profits , to dictate prices to suppliers who depend on them to get to their customers . Such use of power can strip away or destroy much of the cash suppliers would have invested in new products or simply to maintain systems and skills . There is nothing new in this . A century ago Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes spelled out the dangers in a case in which a retailer manipulated the price of a drug , "  I can not believe , " he wrote , "  that in the long run the public will profit by this court permitting knaves to cut reasonable prices for some ulterior purpose of their own , and thus to impair , if not to destroy , the production and sale of articles which it is assumed to be desirable that the public be able to get . " In the case of Amazon , consolidation has often been presented as a consequence of new technologies . And it is not entirely clear how we can apply traditional anti-monopoly laws , many of which have geographic components , to online commerce . But any careful reading of history will carry us to analogous challenges in our past , like those posed by the early railways , and thereby to other potentially useful forms of anti-monopoly law such as common carriage rules . Also , most of Amazon 's abuses would have been avoided if the people who make our products  in this case books  still enjoyed complete autonomy to set their own prices . Amazon acted badly . So too Wal-Mart , especially during last fall 's book price war . Yet the fundamental flaw lies not with the decisions made by managers of these companies . It lies with viewing our anti-monopoly laws as a tool to promote a flawed vision of efficiency rather than to protect our most vital liberties . Defenders of concentration will continue to justify their use of power with claims they are serving the "  consumer . " But we should be clear that fixation on lowering prices can result in truly dramatic costs . Sometimes it is degradation of the quality and safety of the products delivered to the American "  consumer . " Sometimes it is the concentration of power over the people who produce our books and other vital products and over the American citizen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barry C. Lynn .	Dispute over e-book prices between Amazon , publisher a power play , says Barry C. Lynn Lynn : Government has stressed lower prices while allowing growth of powerful retailers He says the cost of the policy has been domination of retailers over suppliers
CNN  -- Authorities have found what they believe to be the remains of Breeann Rodriguez , a 3-year-old Missouri girl whose neighbor told police he had suffocated the girl with a plastic bag and then tossed her from a highway . A Missouri State Highway Patrol officer found the remains Tuesday evening along a ditch northeast of Hornersville , Missouri , about 8 to 10 miles from the girl 's home in Senath , said Dunklin County Prosecuting Attorney Stephen Sokoloff said . He said the remains are expected to be sent for forensic examination on Wednesday . In a statement , Dunklin County Sheriff Bob Holder thanked the community for its assistance . "  We are saddened to confirm our fears , but glad we are able to recover her remains for her parents , " Holder said . Earlier Tuesday , 43-year-old Shawn Morgan of Senath appeared in court . He has been charged with first-degree murder in connection with Breeann 's death . Breeann was last seen on August 6 , riding her pink bicycle with her brother outside their home . Morgan does not yet have an attorney . The August 30 court appearance will be a counsel status hearing , the prosecutor 's office said Tuesday . According to a probable cause affidavit dated Saturday , police interviewed Morgan on Friday at the police department in Kennett , a larger community about 10 miles northeast of Senath . The suspect said that he spotted the girl standing on a ladder by the pool in his backyard . He told police that he grabbed the girl and carried her inside his house . There , according to the affidavit , the man "  suffocated the girl with a white plastic trash bag , by holding it over her face and mouth . "  Morgan states that he felt like it took an hour for the girl to die , " the document adds . It says Morgan told police he put the girl 's body into the same trash bag , and then drove to Missouri 's Highway 164 and got rid of the body by throwing it over a railing into a floodway ditch . After returning home , Morgan said , he then dismantled the girl 's bike and dumped it into another , related waterway , the document says . A bicycle was recovered there and identified by Edgar Rodriguez as belonging to Breeann , his daughter . Police said last week that they had found two training wheels similar to those on the girl 's bike . In addition to murder , Sokoloff said in a statement Saturday that Morgan is charged with armed criminal action and tampering with physical evidence . The suspect , who Sokoloff said has three children of his own , is being held at the Dunklin County Justice Center . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	NEW : The remains are expected to be sent for forensic examination Wednesday Authorities think Breeann Rodriguez 's remains have been found along a ditch Breeann 's neighbor Shawn Morgan is charged with first-degree murder Affidavit : Morgan tells police he suffocated the girl with a plastic trash bag
CNN  -- Google 's answer to Facebook went public on Tuesday afternoon . For the past three months , Google + , the company 's social network , was available only to users who had been invited by the company or by friends who already had access to the site . "  For the past 12 weeks we 've been in field trial , and during that time we 've listened and learned a great deal , " Google 's Vic Gundotra , a senior vice president for engineering , said in a blog post . "  We 're nowhere near done , but with the improvements we 've made so far we 're ready to move from field trial to beta , and introduce our 100th feature : open sign-ups . "  This way anyone can visit google.com / + , join the project and connect with the people they care about . " The update comes as many people who use the site are questioning its value . "  My Google + home page is worse than a ghost town . It does n't even feel haunted , " wrote Rainbow Rowell , a columnist at the Omaha World-Herald . Writing on the PBS blog Mediashift , Dan Reimold adds : "  The stream of updates has basically run dry -- reduced to one buddy who regularly writes . My initial excitement about signing on and inviting people to join me has waned . Nowadays , I apparently get tired just thinking about it . " Others disagree . "  I must be doing something wrong on Google + , " Harry McCracken , founder of the blog Technologizer , wrote on his Google + page . "  It is n't ` worse than a ghost town ' for me . It 's active and pleasant , albeit lacking some of the initial rush . " Introduced in late June , Google Plus gained an estimated 25 million users by early August , although the company has released no recent figures on its membership . By contrast , Facebook has more than 750 million users , and Twitter has more than 175 million . Google continues to add features to its social network in an apparent effort to spur growth and further differentiate itself from Facebook and Twitter . On Tuesday , the company announced a few more , including : Better search for topics and personalities on the site : "  Google + search results include items that only you can see , so family updates are just as easy to find as international news , " the company says . "  On-air " Hangouts : Google 's group video-chat feature , called Hangouts , has helped it stand out from Facebook , which does not have a similar tool . Now users can broadcast these group chats to the public : "  The setup is simple enough : just start a normal hangout , and you 'll have the option to broadcast and record your session . Once you 're ` On Air , ' up to nine others can join your hangout  as usual  , and anyone can watch your live broadcast , " Google 's blog post says . Mobile Hangouts : These video chats now work on smartphones running Google 's Android 2.3 operating systems . Support for the iPhone is coming soon , Google says . To promote the new Hangouts features , Google will host an On-Air Hangout with rapper will.i.am on Wednesday . What do you think ? Now that Google + is public , will you join ? Or is yet another social network too many ? Let us know in the comments , or , if you 're so inclined , join a conversation about this on my Google + page .	Google 's social network finally launches to the public Until Tuesday , Google + was available by invitation only The social network is seen as a challenge to Facebook Enthusiasm has been waning ; one writer says G + is "  worse than a ghost town "
Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's decision to send up to 1,000 National Guard troops to the southern border is the latest move in a controversy over the influx of migrant youths from Central America , many unaccompanied , streaming into the United States . It represents concrete action over concerns raised by Perry and other Republicans that border security be given more resources generally and specifically in this case to deal with what most agree is a humanitarian crisis . The White House , which has declined to approve federal authorization of the National Guard in response to the immigration situation that has flared this year , panned Perry 's idea as shortsighted and politically motivated . Here are the questions we wanted to know about Perry 's plan . Why did Perry call on the guard ? Perry said those troops are needed to "  combat " crime because the border patrol is busy dealing with the flow of immigrant kids crossing the border from Mexico . The National Guard will be a "  force multiplier " to aid state law enforcement to reduce crime from cartels , traffickers and criminals crossing the border , Perry said . But is n't this a crisis about kids ? Perry said the border patrol is consumed with handling the influx of migrant children and partial family units , who can not be deported but must be humanely treated and cared for according to U.S. law . If unaccompanied children approach the troops , however , Texas Adjutant General John Nichols , who is head of the Texas National Guard , said they will "  get on the phone " to a border station so that the children will receive water and medical care . How does that stop the influx ? Perry does n't say that it will . He said he wants to stop border crime . So what will the border patrol do ? The National Guard troops will "  refer " suspected criminal activity to the Texas Department of Safety . They will also patrol the border by air , especially at night . And they will amass at the border to provide a strong visual that Perry hopes will "  deter " criminals from bringing illicit activity across the border . What wo n't they do ? The National Guard will not make arrests . "  If we were asked to , we could detain people , but we 're not planning to , " Nichols said . How much will it cost and who will pay for it ? Texas taxpayers are on the hook , and it will cost about $ 12 million per month . Will it work ? The former head of the National Guard and a former commissioner of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection bureau have said Perry 's plan is limited in scope . "  The real solution to basically helping border patrol is going to be a holistic approach to this that goes way beyond more boots on the ground , " said David Aguilar , the acting commissioner of CBP from 2011 until 2013 . Aguilar said one thing that will help relieve the workload of border patrol agents is to relieve CBP from being the sole government agency to process and care for the unaccompanied youth in the immediate aftermath of their detention . The former chief of the National Guard echoed Aguilar 's sentiment . "  That measure alone will not solve the current problem . It is far more complex and it requires a unity approach that incorporates state , local and federal resources , " said retired Lt. Gen. H. Steven Blum . When will this take place and for how long ? The troops will be immediately deployed over the next 30 days , according to Nichols . How long they will remain is unknown . Perry is asking the federal government to hire and train an additional 3,000 border patrol agents to replace the National Guard . That part of the plan is up to Congress and the comprehensive immigration plan which would have provided more resources for border security is stalled in the House , and neither body has yet unveiled how they would solve the current border crisis . Is politics playing a role ? Perry is considering another presidential run in 2016 . He previewed his National Guard plan in Iowa , a key presidential nominating state , over the weekend and announced it the next day . Perry has some reconciling to do within a Republican Party that has used the current border crisis to move to the right on the issue . CNN political analyst and National Journal editorial director Ron Brownstein said that Perry 's focus on border security "  allows him to shore up his tough on security bona fides " in what has become "  a big moment for the Republican Party " on immigration . Has the National Guard been sent to the border before ? Yes . The National Guard is already on the border but in smaller numbers . A recent and much larger instance was Operation Jump Start , a two-year deployment that began in 2006 to stem the more than 1 million people who were caught crossing the border each year . What is the situation on the border ? The Rio Grande sector , where most of the immigrant children are turning themselves into the border patrol , currently has 3,000 border patrol agents covering 320 miles of land and 250 miles of water , which equates to 5.4 agents per mile . The Tucson sector , for instance , has approximately 15.7 agents per mile . While the number of unaccompanied youth crossing the border has doubled to nearly 60,000 in the past year , the total number of immigrant crossings has mostly declined . About 1 million people have been caught crossing the border nearly every year between 1983 until 2006 , but that number has dropped to about 400,000 in 2013 . At the same time , resources for border security have steadily increased : More than 18,000 agents patrolled the border in 2013 compared to 10,000 a decade ago . And the amount spent on border security has more than doubled . The Customs and Border Patrol budget jumped from $ 5 billion in 2002 to $ 12.4 billion this year . Immigration statistics facts	Texas Gov. Rick Perry is deploying National Guard troops to the border Former heads of border patrol and the National Guard say the plan will have limited impact The plan is expected to cost Texas taxpayers $ 12 million per month
CNN  -- Perhaps Bruno Mars really did win the Super Bowl . According to Billboard , the Grammy-winning singer is set to return to the charts after his halftime performance on Sunday . It reports that sales of his latest album , "  Unorthodox Jukebox , " rose by 164 % after Mars took to the Super Bowl stage with the Red Hot Chilli Peppers . The album was released in December 2012 . Such an increase in sales is not rare or unexpected . Last year 's halftime performer , Beyonce , reportedly saw a bump in sales of her "  4 " album by 123 % . And Mars is not an unknown quantity , though some of Sunday 's viewers may have just discovered him . In 2010 , he won a Grammy for best male pop vocal performance for his song "  Just the Way You Are . " In January , "  Unorthodox Jukebox " won Mars his second Grammy , this time for best pop vocal album . 7 things we love about Bruno Mars The album may re-enter the top 10 when sales figures are released by Soundscan on Wednesday . This year 's Super Bowl drew a record-breaking 111.5 million viewers . As is customary , Mars did not receive an appearance fee for his Super Bowl performance . Artists do it for the exposure , and that has clearly paid off for Mars . Zack O'Malley Greenburg from Forbes writes that the singer may see the most return in increased ticket prices and sales for his Moonshine Jungle tour . "  In 2013 , the singer grossed $ 72.4 million on 84 shows ; his average ticket price sits at about $ 66 , " O'Malley Greenburg writes . "  With the added exposure from the Super Bowl , he could easily push prices closer to the $ 120 average of his halftime show predecessor , Beyonce . "	Sales of Mars ' album rose by 164 % "  Unorthodox Jukebox " could return to the top 10 Forbes writer says Mars may see concert gains
CNN  -- The state of New Jersey is imposing harsher restrictions on Ferris wheel safety after an 11-year-old rider fell to her death earlier this month . Officials are mandating riders be at least 54 inches to ride without supervision , according to a letter from Michael Triplett of the New Jersey Carnival and Amusement Ride Safety Unit . Triplett also "  strongly recommended " that each car have at least two riders , and added that if a manufacturer has a more strict requirement , that requirement should be followed . The changes coincide with the release of a preliminary report into the death of Abiah Jones of Pleasantville , New Jersey , who fell at Morey 's Piers Mariner 's Landing Pier , in Wildwood , on June 3 . Jones , who met a 54-inch height requirement , was on a school trip when she fell from one of the park 's main attractions , called The Great Wheel . After receiving first aid at the scene , she was taken to Cape Regional Medical Center , where she was pronounced dead . How the girl fell is still undetermined , and officials have no eyewitnesses , according to a report by the state of New Jersey . Surveillance footage showed her during the fall but did not show her leaving the gondola , the report said . It determined she entered the ride as a single rider and sustained "  significant head trauma as well as cuts on her arms and shoulders , " hitting several objects on her way to the ground . The findings also concluded operators had no knowledge of any problems , the ride had no mechanical defects , and no other problems had been reported in its 25-year history . "  The fact that Abiah Jones was alone in the gondola , without any nearby passengers , may have led her to take a risk that she would have been convinced not to take if there were other riders in the gondola , " the state investigator concluded . At 156 feet , the ride is one of the tallest wheels on the East Coast , Morey Piers spokeswoman Lindsey Young told CNN .	Riders must be 54 inches tall to ride without supervision , new rules mandate Having two riders in each car is "  strongly recommended , " official 's letter states Abiah Jones , 11 , fell to her death at a Wildwood amusement park on June 3 How the girl fell has not been determined ; officials have no eyewitnesses
CNN  -- A rash of severe weather pummeled several eastern states Tuesday , killing at least five people and leaving about 300,000 people in the dark . One boy died and eight other children were injured when a storm struck a church camp near Manchester , Maryland , the Lineboro Volunteer Fire Department said . "  We had a very fast moving storm go through the area with heavy winds and rain , and the campers got caught away from their shelter , " Don Fair of the Lineboro fire department said . He said trees fell on nine campers . One was trapped under a tree , and the others suffered minor injuries . In New York , four people died in the Syracuse area after the storm destroyed four homes , Madison County Undersheriff John Ball said . Killed were a 4-month-old baby ; the baby 's 35-year-old mother ; a 53-year-old man ; and a 70-year-old woman , Sheriff Allen Riley said Wednesday . Fierce winds there whipped torrential rain sideways . Several trees were uprooted or snapped at the trunk . Many more houses were damaged , Ball said . And many of those who were fortunate enough to have their homes intact lost power . As of early Wednesday morning , more than 207,000 customers in Pennsylvania still had no electricity , the state 's major utility companies said . In New York state , more than 87,000 residents had no power early Wednesday morning , but as of 11 a.m. , that number had fallen to 44,900 , the governor 's office said . CNN 's Julie Cannold , Allie Malloy and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	4 people died when buildings collapsed in the Syracuse , New York , area The storm kills a boy camping with other children in Maryland 207,000 customers are still without power in Pennsylvania early Wednesday More than New York state residents are still without power Wednesday morning
Complaining on social networks about being sick might annoy your friends and followers , but it can be useful for tools that track the spread of illnesses . A new method for filtering tweets , developed by researchers at Johns Hopkins University , could make the real-time data pouring in more accurate . The United States is in the middle of one of its most severe flu seasons in years . Tech companies , universities and health organizations are harnessing the wealth of data from social networks and search engines , in addition to the usual reports from vital statics offices , hospitals , doctors and public health departments , to keep the public informed and better prepare public health workers . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention releases a weekly influenza update for the United States that includes stats on people with flu-like symptoms , hospitalizations and deaths . But the detailed information is about two weeks old by the time it comes out . "  There are a lot of gaps in the system that Twitter can fill , " said assistant research professor Mark Dredze , who headed up the Johns Hopkins project . Real-time information like tweets are becoming a popular source of public health information . They can be used to do more than just track outbreaks . Dredze 's goal is to get ahead of the curve and actually predict where and when illnesses will spread . This information could be invaluable for public health departments , providing them advanced warnings and time to plan with additional doctors , hospital beds or school closings . Thanks to GPS information for each tweet , the location information gathered from Twitter is more finely detailed than the CDC . Early warnings are good for regular people as well . They push people to get vaccinated before they catch the flu , and individuals with health issues who might be more vulnerable can take extra precautions . With an average 340 million tweets a day , Twitter is a firehouse of muddled and misleading information . Taken at face value , keywords would indicate the entire country is suffering from an ongoing fever epidemic of the Bieber variety . Much of the running commentary on Twitter is a reaction to news events , so when a flu epidemic becomes a national news story , the number of people talking about it spikes , regardless of their own health status . "  Most people have just focused on the presence of flu . The very simple thing is you look at Twitter and look at the number of people using the world flu or sick everyday , " said Dredze . "  The problem with that is if you look a little more closely it does n't really work . " Dredze 's team is using algorithms to correct for these issues , filtering out the noise to isolate the useful information . They were already researching using Twitter to track health issues before this winter 's recent outbreak but quickly changed tracks to focus on the flu . The group plans to share the information it gathers with public health officials . Tracking influenza and other illnesses based on social media is n't new . In a 2011 paper , researchers reported being able to accurately track disease levels for the swine flu outbreak two years earlier by searching for keywords such as flu , vaccine , illness , Tamiflu and pneumonia . The University of Rochester has turned research about predicting the spread of diseases with social media into a web application called Germ Tracker . The colorful interactive map pulls up geo-tagged Tweets that contain keywords related to illness . If you find a tweet that 's clearly mislabeled  like someone bragging that their new car is "  sick "  , click a button to let the app know they 're not actually sick . It also allows self reporting with a slider you can set to Awful , Sick , Yuck , Meh or Good and options to share specific symptoms . Sick Weather is a similar project that can pull from Facebook and Twitter to map and show animations of contagious illnesses such as chicken pox , colds and whooping cough , as well as other issues like allergies , stress and depression . Even as researchers get better at filtering tweets , the social network presents limitations . It is n't an accurate representation of the entire population in terms of age or location . Two of the groups hardest hit by influenza outbreaks , the elderly and children , are the least likely to be live blogging their symptoms . Google 's Flu Trends looks at search terms to create real-time estimates of where the flu is flaring up . Developed in 2009 in collaboration with the Centers for Disease Control , the tool digs through massive amounts of search data  all anonymous  looking for flu-releated searches around the world and maps out the intensity of outbreaks . "  The advantage of using these social media tools and Google is they 're much faster than the CDC , " said Michael Paul , a doctoral student working on the Johns Hopkins Twitter research . "  As an early warning , they 're useful to the government when it needs to plan . " Armchair influenza trackers will still get the most detailed information from weekly reports released by the Centers for Disease Control . The reports dig deep into the data gathered from doctors , hospitals and other health officials to outline things like number of deaths , flu-related hospitalizations and a breakdown of strains . The CDC also has its own simple app called FluView that plots the volume of influenza-like illnesses by state . "  Our job is really to figure out what viruses are going around and what effect they 're having , " said Lynnette Brammer , an influenza epidemiologist at the CDC . "  It 's more laboratory based ; we try to get as close as we can to the viruses . " The CDC teams do check tools like the Google Flu Tracker , and Brammer says that while the results do n't always match up , Google is close to the CDC 's own findings most of the time . The CDC has slightly different goals than tech tools that track symptoms in real-time . It 's drilling down to find out what strains are being reported , see if they are close to the current vaccine and if not , determine if the vaccine needs to be changed to include new virus candidates .	Social media information like tweets is being used to map the current flu outbreak Researchers are working on ways to better filter tweets for accurate real-time predictions There are apps and tools from the CDC , Google and startups dedicated to tracking the flu
CNN  -- "  One of the unfortunate realities of policing , " New York police Commissioner William Bratton said after the killings of Officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu , "  is that you put that blue uniform on and you become part of the thin blue line between us and anarchy . " This "  Thin Blue Line " concept , which first appeared in a 1966 police documentary , reflects the conservative worldview of police culture . Most citizens can be forgiven for going through their day without thinking of anarchy or barbarians storming the gates . But many police , especially in New York City , see themselves as a thin blue line besieged by both a liberal and criminal world , neither of which they particularly like or understand . Large protests , especially when they 're anti-police , solidify this belief because police see firsthand just how thin their blue line actually is . Police know they are outnumbered and sometimes outgunned , even while presenting a front of dominance and control . At any given moment , in this city of 8.4 million people , there are close to 6,000 police officers on duty . Certainly there are more than 6,000 violent criminals . Last year there were 86,000 felony arrests in New York . Were these felons able to rise up en masse , it 's not just the police who would be overwhelmed . When I was a police officer in Baltimore , I would drive around and put out one brush fire after another . It would have been easy to be overwhelmed by the lives broken by repeated bad choices , by the mentally ill , the children who grow up without hope , another murder victim , the literal stink of society 's least wanted and the sheer magnitude of human idiocy . As to police danger , it should n't be overstated  police officers are paranoid enough as is  , but the danger is n't just in the small though real risk of being attacked and killed . What screws with your head is the constant occupational demand of hyper alertness -- of having to engage with and confront danger , and always on danger 's terms . When I cleared a drug corner , sometimes I could n't help but wonder why the dealers did n't just jump me . Effective compliance is as much earned as ordered , but I do n't think they obeyed me because they liked me  at least I hope not  . Bluster aside , my job and safety depended on respect and deference to my authority . That said , some of the thin blue line rhetoric is less about public and personal safety than political ideology  and contract negotiations  . Of course , many police hate Mayor Bill de Blasio  just as they hate President Barack Obama  . Police tend to be conservative . The last time New York had both a liberal mayor and contract negotiations , police actually rioted . Drunken officers rushed the steps of City Hall , damaged cars and slandered Mayor David Dinkins with racial epithets . Reporters were attacked . Police even took over the Brooklyn Bridge . Ideology aside , there 's no evidence that Democrats are worse for police . Despite the horrible assassinations of Liu and Ramos , we have not seen any sustained increase in violence directed toward New York City police officers . Nationwide and in New York , line-of-duty deaths have been on the decline since 1970 through Republican and Democratic administrations . Indeed , they 've fallen during the Obama years . In a democratic society , we demand a lot from our police , as we should . We owe police and each other respect and lawful compliance . In return , and without being subservient on the job , police must remain public servants . Police need to show greater empathy and tolerance for disagreeing and even disagreeable citizens , including elected officials . But when the mayor , the President or the attorney general are seen -- incorrectly in my opinion -- as being "  anti-police , " this is viewed as more than a personal slight to police . Refusing a lawful order , resisting arrest or taking the side of a criminal in a fight with police is not just a "  reasonable people can disagree " situation . An attack on the thin blue line is perceived as an existential threat to working policemen and women . Blame politicians for idiotic laws ; blame society for racial injustice ; blame the war on drugs for mass incarceration ; blame a violent gun culture ; blame poverty . We can improve society without blaming police officers . And we also need to move beyond the thin blue line . We can do better .	Peter Moskos : Many police see themselves as a "  Thin Blue Line " besieged by criminals , liberals Police tend to be conservative , but no evidence Democrats are worse for police , he says An attack on the thin blue line is perceived as a personal and existential threat , Moskos says Moskos : Police must accept disagreement from citizens , officials and see beyond blue line
CNN  -- The White House confirms that Syria has crossed a "  red line " by using chemical weapons in its war with rebel forces , prompting the United States to boost the "  scale and scope " of its support for the opposition . The determination , disputed by Syria , comes as forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad have made gains in the past few weeks . Also , the militant group Hezbollah has become more active in the fighting on behalf of the regime . The opposition has warned it could face crippling losses without immediate support . What 's next ? The Obama administration was resisting calls to arm the rebels , worried in part about the influence of radical groups and that weaponry might wind up in the wrong hands . But it has now changed course . It is going to provide military support including small arms , ammunition and potentially anti-tank weapons to the rebels , according to two officials familiar with the matter . The weapons will be provided by the CIA , the officials said . The White House said earlier said no decision had been made on whether to impose a "  no-fly " zone . That is something rebels have said is needed to halt air attacks on their strongholds . The United States has also ruled out sending troops , or putting "  boots on the ground " in Syria . What 's been the U.S. response ? The Obama administration had previously authorized non-lethal assistance , including communications equipment , medical supplies and food . The first direct U.S. support arrived in March . Obama signed off on a new package of non-lethal aid April . That assistance was expected to include body armor , night-vision goggles and other military equipment . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel also ordered the deployment of up to 200 additional U.S. troops to Jordan in April as the violence spreads from adjacent Syria . Those forces included communications and intelligence specialists aimed at assisting the Jordanians and "  be ready for military action " if Obama were to order it , a Defense Department official said . A number of U.S. special forces troops have been in Jordan for the past year assisting that nation 's the Jordanians . Jordan is a crucial U.S. ally in the Middle East and has experienced an influx of hundreds of thousands of refugees from the fighting in Syria . The United States is also deploying a Patriot anti-missile battery and F-16 aircraft to Jordan as part of military exercises taking place this month . It is not clear whether any of those assets will remain in Jordan once the regional exercises are complete . The Syrians possess Scud missiles . The United States also has deployed Patriot missiles to Turkey , which also borders Syria . Officials say those missiles are defensive in nature . Syria employs SCUD rockets . Would NATO join the U.S. ? Questions still remain about whether NATO would assist the U.S. militarily , similar to its help in enforcing a "  no-fly " zone over Libya during that country 's period of civil unrest . In the past , NATO has flatly ruled out military intervention and the United States has no plans to put boots on the ground . But on Friday , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said the international community had made clear that any use of chemical weapons is "  completely unacceptable and a clear breach of international law . " Speaking in Brussels , he said he welcomed "  the clear U.S. statement " on Syria 's alleged chemical weapons use and that it was a matter of great concern . "  As for NATO , the Patriot deployment will ensure effective protection for Turkey against any missile attack , whether the missiles carry chemical weapons or not , " he said . Additional military options ? â $ cents Targeting Syria 's air defenses with Patriot missile batteries in Turkey as part of a "  no-fly " response , NATO has said . But Turkey only allowed the missiles there for defensive purposes and NATO nations would have to agree before they could be used otherwise . â $ cents Airstrikes : The U.S. military has enough air power in the region to take action against Syria , according to officials . That includes fighter jets and bombers spread out across air bases in the Middle East and nearby aircraft carriers . The Navy also has warships equipped with Tomahawk missiles , which could be used to hit chemical weapons supplies . But such strikes pose a danger of releasing chemical agents into the air around civilian populations in Syria , U.S. officials told CNN in March . Complicating military involvement What complicates any U.S. military support for the opposition is that many of the rebel fighters are militants with pro-al Qaeda sympathies , the same stripe of militants America has battled in Iraq and Afghanistan . In April , Hagel cautioned lawmakers on the Senate Armed Services Committee about the difficulties surrounding any direct U.S. military action in Syria . "  It could embroil the United States in a significant , lengthy and uncertain military commitment , " he said . He called military intervention "  an option but an option of last resort . " Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey said the United States could send troops to Syria if al-Assad 's government fell , if needed , to secure chemical weapons . CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Barbara Starr , Chris Lawrence , Tom Cohen and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. through CIA to provide small arms , ammunition , sources say Opposition warns it could face crippling losses without support now NEW : No American "  boots on the ground " ; No word on any "  no-fly " option Rebel fighters include militants with pro-al Qaeda sympathies
CNN  -- Mitt Romney is a paradox . If you saw a photo of him and did n't know who he was , you might assume from the square jaw , trappings of wealth and arcane haircut that he was the perfect country-club Republican . But that would be too simple , especially in this election . Romney only looks like an insider . But in many ways , he has remained an outsider . Politics : Romney 's ` all ' proved not enough For one thing , the Romney-Ryan presidential ticket , which lost the election Tuesday to President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden , was the first in history not to include a Protestant .  Romney would have been the first Mormon president , Rep. Paul Ryan is Catholic . He 's a Republican who won election in a blue state . The people of Massachusetts may know the former governor as a bipartisan moderate , yet he sold himself on the national stage as "  severely conservative . " In his own state , he invented what many regard as the prototype for Obamacare , yet he repeatedly vowed to repeal Obama 's version of it . Kennedy : Obama 's win wo n't transform America Is he moderate or is he conservative ? The same question could be asked of the Republican Party -- and the GOP 's own lack of ideological clarity is probably the exact reason why it nominated him . Cometh the hour , cometh the multidimensional man . Today 's Republicans find themselves in a dilemma . On the one hand , they have an enormous base of hyped-up voters who passionately subscribe to economic and social conservatism . They needed to energize that base to win . On the other hand , the margin of victory rested with a group of moderates and independents who like their politics a little more practical . The challenge of 2012 was to take the tea party agenda and rebrand it so that it could still appeal to the right but also win converts in the center . That was Romney 's job -- and he did n't quite pull it off . Yet , if anyone could have , it would have been Mitt . Why Wall Street hates Obama I suspect that the Republicans nominated Romney partly because he spent so much money acquiring the nomination but also because his personality seemed suitably vague . To be assigned to report on his rallies carried all the thrill of being asked to submit a 10,000-word critical analysis of a church picnic . His speeches were flat at best and goofy at worst . His attire was sensible trousers and shirt with the sleeves rolled up , and the family was so wholesomely large that you sensed they could swing a primary just by registering the grandkids . But squareness was just what the GOP was looking for . In an era of recession , his business experience seemed like a big plus and his polished-yet-gentle style was a nice contrast to Obama 's flashy rhetoric . It was understood that he had been a technocratic governor of Massachusetts , with a record on social issues that at times wandered a bit to the left . As I always explained to my British colleagues bemused at the irresistible rise of Mitt Romney , one of his greatest strengths was that he did n't look crazy . You could trust this man with the nuclear codes , whereas putting the entire arsenal of the free world in the hands of one of his primary challengers , like Rick Santorum or Newt Gingrich , felt risky . But to win the primaries , Romney still needed the votes of that big block of conservatives . So he underwent a rebranding . For the record , the conservative movement never entirely bought Romney 's conversion . That 's why he lost Iowa to Santorum and South Carolina to Gingrich . Thereafter he was dogged for some weeks by Santorum , whose electoral coalition tended to be poorer , more religious , more conservative and more rural . In these truly competitive primaries , Romney 's vote was often rich , moderate and elderly  no wonder Mr. Burns was such a fan  . Mitt was , in fact , the country-club candidate . He won primaries largely thanks to the support of people like him , and he only won because there are so many people like him in the Republican Party . But all the while , his empty pitch to the GOP base moved him rhetorically further and further to the right . Share your opinions on the election results Of course , philosophical conservatism is n't necessarily an electoral negative for the GOP . It worked for Reagan in the 1980s and George W Bush in the 2000s . But whereas Democratic populism is programmatic  health care for all , tax the rich  for the Republicans it has tended to be personal  dress like a cowboy , eat TV dinners  . The problem was that Mitt lacked the requisite performance skills -- he 's no Reagan -- which ended up converting his greatest strength into his greatest weakness . With unemployment running high and debt spiraling out of control , we might have expected Romney 's ability to make money to be a plus . Instead , it only emphasized his difference from you and me . He had money nestling in the Cayman Islands . He only paid 14.1 % on a fortune that would make King Midas blush . Worst of all , he had worked in private equity , and while he helped save a lot of jobs , he was probably responsible for downsizing a few , too . Romney insisted that he left Bain before it committed its greatest sins , but the image of Mitt cheerfully declaring , "  I like being able to fire people " stuck in the minds of many voters . Romney 's broader appeal was buried beneath a wave of scandal and political character assassination . It was the debates that allowed him to regain control of the narrative . In that first debate he was clever , funny , energetic and passionate -- and in many ways outclassed Obama . My theory is that Romney flourished because the format was like a corporate job interview : question after question , a little light sparring , an emphasis upon "  pep "  "  Gee , I 'd just love to run your country . When can I start ?! "  . The inner-intern shone through and Romney behaved like a smart kid out of college who 's hungry to get his foot on the corporate ladder . Kamarck : Five things Obama must do His performance was so good that it was historic , transforming the election in a way that few have ever done . It worked because Romney did what the GOP was waiting for him to do all year . He appealed to the center by sounding reasonable and moderate but he also fired up the base by saying things to Obama that they wanted to hear said . This was Romney at his very best -- and it 's difficult to image an alternative candidate who could have done better . But , ultimately , the contradictions inherent within both Romney and his party simply could n't be overcome . The need to be both conservative and moderate confused and frustrated the electorate who were never quite sure what they were voting for . So the advantage fell to the incumbent . The ambivalent American public went with the devil they knew . What next for Mitt Romney ? Do n't be surprised if he returns to his church . He 's a man of faith with a record of charity and it would be in keeping for him to dedicate himself to others . I hope the conservative movement and the pundits will be just as charitable to him The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley : Romney , who lost presidential election , has long been paradox Stanley : Romney was moderate Republican in Mass. ; later became "  severely conservative " He says GOP wanted a polished technocrat ; Romney shifted rightward to win conservatives Stanley : His contradications could n't be overcome for frustrated electorate
CNN  In 1944 , 16-year-old Yong Soo Lee of Taegu , Korea , was lured by a friend of hers to meet with an older Japanese man . The man took the two of them , and three other teenage girls , by train , then ship , to Taiwan . There , the girls were forced into sexual slavery , serving four to five Japanese soldiers every day for a year . Lee suffered beatings and torture , was infected with a venereal disease , was fed paltry amounts of food , faced temperatures so cold that ice formed on her body , and was never allowed outside . Only the end of World War II brought her relief . Lee is just one example of the over 200,000 women from Korea , China , the Philippines , Indonesia , and other Asian nations , who were kidnapped and sexually enslaved by the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II . These so-called "  comfort women " suffered unimaginable physical , emotional , and psychological trauma . When Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe addresses a Joint Meeting of Congress on Wednesday , he has an opportunity to do right by these women , and issue an unequivocal and irrefutable apology -- something that carries the weight of his government . In 2007 , in the very same chamber the prime minister will be issuing his address , the House of Representatives sent a profound message to the Japanese government by unanimously passing House Resolution 121 , which I authored . The resolution called on the Japanese government to formally acknowledge , apologize , and accept historical responsibility in a clear and unequivocal manner for its Imperial Armed Forces ' coercion of young women into sexual slavery ; publicly refute any claims that the sexual enslavement and trafficking of the "  comfort women " never occurred ; and educate current and future generations about this horrible crime . We are still waiting for their government to comply . In 2006 , during his first term , Prime Minister Abe unleashed an international firestorm of criticism when he stated that there was no evidence of Japanese coercion and complicity in setting up and running the "  comfort women " system . And during his second term , Abe and his right-wing allies have continued to question history -- even trying to dilute and rewrite it . Last year , I , along with 17 of my House colleagues , wrote to the Japanese Ambassador to the United States , calling the timing and contents of the Japanese government report on the 1993 Kono statement : regrettable , unfortunate , unacceptable , and destabilizing . Last year , meanwhile , the Abe administration tried  and failed  to get the United Nations to partially retract their authoritative 1996 report , which called on Japan to apologize to the victims and pay reparations to survivors who had been forced into sex slavery . Most notably , earlier this year , the Japanese government tried unsuccessfully to change passages in U.S. history textbooks about the "  comfort women . " Some say that Japan has already apologized enough and it 's time to move on . To those people I say , in light of these continued attempts to rewrite history , for every step forward the Japanese government takes toward peace and reconciliation , it takes two steps back . As someone who was put into an internment camp as an infant , I know firsthand that governments must not be ignorant of their pasts . In 1942 , during World War II , my government put aside the constitutional rights of Japanese Americans and systematically incarcerated 120,000 of us . We were U.S. citizens , but merely because of our ancestry , the government treated us like the enemy . Decades later , we , the Japanese American community , fought for an apology from our government . In 1988 , Congress passed , and President Ronald Reagan signed into law , the Civil Liberties Act , which was a formal apology to United States citizens of Japanese ancestry who were unjustly put into internment camps during World War II . Our government made a mistake , but they apologized for it , and healed many wounds as a result . Japan must now do the same . It must show the maturity of a democratic country , apologize for its mistake , and thereby gain the trust of her sister Asian nations . The German Chancellor Angela Merkel has urged Prime Minister Abe to face Japan 's history . Germany knows something about this . After World War II , Germany engaged in a painful national "  coming to terms with the past " that ripped open old wounds so that they could properly heal . Time is of the essence . Today , there are fewer than 100 surviving "  comfort women " across the Asia-Pacific . Each year , this number declines . Ms. Lee is one of 53 remaining Korean survivors . The survivors are dying by the day . They deserve the justice and apology that has been due to them for the past 70 years . The opportunity to speak to a joint meeting of Congress is an honor that is reserved for heads of state of our closest allies . I will be in the House chamber when Prime Minister Abe delivers his address . Ms. Lee will attend as my guest . Both of us hope the Prime Minister will take the privilege of this opportunity and finally , and firmly , apologize , and commit to educating the future generation honestly and humbly . Ms. Lee and her sisters deserve no less .	Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will address Congress on Wednesday Mike Honda : Abe must commit to educating future generation honestly , humbly
CNN  -- John Evander Couey was sentenced Friday to death for abducting , raping and killing a 9-year-old Florida girl by burying her alive in 2005 . John Evander Couey , in court Friday , was convicted of kidnapping , raping and killing a 9-year-old girl . Couey did not speak during the almost hourlong hearing and showed no emotion when the sentence was pronounced in an Inverness , Florida , courtroom . Members of Jessica Lunsford 's family embraced and cried . " -LSB- Couey -RSB- said one time that when he gets to heaven that he was gon na tell Jessie he is sorry . I got bad news , I do n't think you 're gon na make it there , " the girl 's father , Mark Lunsford , said afterward , wiping tears from his eyes . He also urged his daughter 's killer not to appeal the sentence . "  Take your punishment . Be done with it . You want to do something for her , give your life for the life you took , " Lunsford said . See what Jessica 's father had to say after the sentencing " Citrus County Sheriff Jeffrey Dawsy told reporters after the hearing that he asked Couey to drop his appeals after the automatic appeals required by law . Couey did not reply , he said . Judge Ric Howard pronounced the sentence as Couey , 48 , sat in shackles and an orange jail jumpsuit . " -LSB- Couey -RSB- caused a slow , suffering , conscious death , " the judge said as he described Jessica 's murder in chilling detail . Couey told Jessica he was planning to take her home , but did not want her to be seen , Howard said , and so persuaded her to get into a trash bag . Couey then knotted another trash bag over her head , placed her in a hole and shoveled dirt on top of her . The judge described how the girl poked two fingers through the bags to try to escape before she died . "  Simply stated , civilized society recoils in horror at the image of the abject fear and terror that Jessica experienced in her final , conscious minutes of life , " Howard said . Watch Couey being sentenced to death Howard brought many in the courtroom to tears Friday as he elaborated on how Jessica died -- by asphyxiation as her oxygen slowly ran out . A medical examiner testified she could have been alive as much as five minutes , or even longer , before she lost consciousness , Howard said . The judge also noted that Couey made "  crude , vulgar and repulsive " comments to police after his arrest regarding his sexual assault of the girl , and said the media was blowing the case out of proportion -- "  this kind of thing happens every day . " After the hearing , Mark Lunsford , wearing a tie with his daughter 's face emblazoned on it , spoke of the need for state and federal lawmakers to do more to protect children by pursuing more aggressive prosecution and stricter sentencing for sex offenders . "  The problem is still growing . Children are still being molested . Sex offenders and predators are still being released , " Lunsford said . "  Justice was served for this little girl , but what about the rest of them ? What about the ones that survive ? " "  You ca n't do anything to bring my daughter back , but you can do everything to save these other kids . " Jessica was discovered missing from her home , where she lived with her father and grandparents , on February 24 , 2005 . Couey later confessed to abducting her from her bedroom the previous night . A judge threw out Couey 's confession , however , saying it was inadmissible in court because he asked for a lawyer and was not provided one . His trial was moved to Miami after a judge ruled it would be impossible to find an impartial jury in Citrus County . Jessica 's body was found buried at the home of Couey 's half-sister , within sight of Jessica 's home -- three weeks after she went missing . She was wrapped in plastic garbage bags and her hands were bound with speaker wire . She was clutching a stuffed dolphin -- a toy won for her at a state fair by her father , which Couey allowed her to bring with her when she was abducted . The girl apparently was kept for several days before being killed . Authorities found her blood on a mattress in the home where Couey was living , and also discovered her fingerprints . During the search for the girl , as authorities and hundreds of volunteers combed Citrus County , north of Tampa , police twice visited that home . Couey was convicted in March of first-degree murder , kidnapping and sexual battery on a child under 12 . Later that month , a jury deliberated for about an hour before recommending 10-2 that Couey , a previously convicted sex offender with a 30-year criminal history , receive the death penalty . In a recorded jailhouse phone call this month with a woman who Florida corrections officials said is his aunt , Couey said he expected to be sentenced to death for killing Jessica in 2005 . "  We all know what he 's going to do , " Couey said of the judge during the call , an excerpt of which CNN obtained . He told the woman , "  I kick myself in the butt a hundred times a day . Stupidity . ... Just trying to figure out , I 'm just asking myself , why was you so stupid ? " "  Well , none of us are perfect , and the drugs did n't help any , " the woman said . "  No , that was a big problem , " Couey said . "  Drugs , alcohol . " The St. Petersburg Times reported that during the hourlong conversation , Couey also told the woman he wanted to be cremated after his execution . But he said , "  There 's a lot of good that came out of this , too . A lot of laws changed . " Jessica 's slaying sparked national outrage and led to stricter Florida laws regarding registration and supervision of released sexual predators , following a push led largely by Mark Lunsford . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Girl 's father urges John Evander Couey not to appeal death sentence Couey was convicted of kidnapping and killing Jessica Lunsford , 9 Couey said in phone conversation that he expected death sentence Victim 's father led push for stronger sex-offender controls
CNN  -- They have been meeting for two months , poring over concepts and ideas already hashed out by three other groups over the past year . But nine days before their deadline , members of the so-called congressional "  super committee " created to forge a deficit reduction deal indicated Sunday that they remain hung up on basic issues of tax and entitlement reform that have previously stymied agreement . Texas Rep. Jeb Hensarling , the panel 's Republican co-chair , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that the only solution possible might be a two-step process in which the bipartisan committee sets a figure for increased tax revenue that congressional committees would then implement through legislation . "  There could be a two-step process that would hopefully give us pro-growth tax reform , " Hensarling said . George Washington to debt panel : Show courage The continued political wrangling over how to reform the tax code and entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid as part of a broad deficit reduction plan causes consternation for two senators who were part of the "  Gang of Six " that put together their own plan earlier this year . "  We 've got to be willing to probably make some folks mad on both ends of the political extreme , " Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia told the CNN program . "  And you 'll know this super committee is getting close if you hear folks on both ends of the political extreme scream the loudest , because that will show that there 's actually movement being made . " "  That 's what 's so disappointing , " he added . The panel created under the debt ceiling deal earlier this year has until November 23 to reach an agreement on at least $ 1.2 trillion in deficit reduction over the next decade . If it works out an agreement , Congress must vote on the unamended plan by December 23 . Failure to reach an agreement or gain approval by Congress and President Barack Obama would trigger $ 1.2 trillion in automatic spending cuts scheduled to take effect in 2013 . Hensarling said Sunday that the process will fail unless Democrats are willing to accept significant reforms to entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid , the government-run health care systems for the disabled , poor and elderly . Democrats , meanwhile , say any solution must be balanced with spending cuts , entitlement reforms and increased tax revenue . Hensarling and other Republicans oppose any kind of tax increase , particularly the call by Obama and Democrats to raise rates of wealthy Americans to increase their share of the tax burden . However , the Republican position has shifted to accept increased tax revenue through reforms that would lower rates by expanding the number of payers while ending some subsidies and loopholes . "  Increasing tax revenues could hurt the economy , but within the context of bipartisan negotiations with Democrats , clearly they are a reality , " Hensarling conceded to CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley . Republicans have offered a proposal with $ 1.4 trillion in deficit reduction , including $ 500 billion in new revenue from capping individual deductions while cutting all six income tax rates by roughly 20 % . Under the proposal , the top rate would fall from 35 % to 28 % . Democrats immediately rejected the plan as insufficient , saying it would end up decreasing revenue in the long run by permanently extending tax cuts from the Bush administration that are scheduled to expire at the end of 2012 . The Republican proposal would bring in more revenue by spurring economic growth , Hensarling insisted , adding : "  We Republicans want more revenues . We just want to raise it by growing the economy . " Other legislators stuck to long-held positions , showing the remaining gap . "  The kind of reform we 're talking about is actually guaranteed to create millions of jobs over time and also bring more revenue , " Sen. Pat Toomey , R-Pennsylvania , said of the Republican proposal on "  Fox News Sunday . " In particular , it would extend Bush-era tax cuts set to expire at the end of 2012 , said Toomey , one of the super committee negotiators . That 's the problem , countered Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , the chair of the Democratic National Committee , on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  That was not a serious proposal , " she said , insisting that the combination of reducing some itemized deductions while extending the Bush tax cuts would result in decreased revenue in the long run . On Fox , Democratic Rep. James Clyburn of South Carolina said he agreed with fellow panelist Toomey on most of his proposal . However , Clyburn called for actual numbers for revenue growth that can be analyzed by the Congressional Budget Office instead of assertions of future economic growth that "  Pat Toomey will dream about . " "  I believe that all of the ingredients for a good resolution are there , " Clyburn said . "  We just need to develop a will . " Warner , meanwhile , said on CNN that if the super committee fails to push through a compromise , Congress should vote on one of plans worked out by either the "  Gang of Six " or a deficit commission appointed by President Barack Obama in 2010 that was headed by former Wyoming Sen. Alan Simpson , a Republican , and former White House Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles , a Democrat . Both plans pushed by Warner call for around $ 4 trillion in deficit reduction by a combination of spending cuts , tax increases and reforms to entitlement programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . Another deficit commission in 2010 , headed by former White House Budget Director Alice Rivlin and former Senate Budget Committee Chairman Pete Domenici , R-Wyoming , also called for a comprehensive approach including higher taxes , frozen spending and entitlement reforms . A so-called "  grand bargain " along those lines discussed by Obama and House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , earlier this year fell apart over differences on tax hikes on the wealthy sought by Democrats and Medicare restructuring sought by Republicans . CNN 's Gabriella Schwarz contributed to this report .	Super committee members still divided by partisan politics The Republican co-chair acknowledges a deal would increase tax revenue Democrats call a Republican proposal insufficient The panel has until November 23 to reach agreement
Berlin  CNN  -- At least seven homemade explosives have been found along Berlin 's railways within the last three days , police said Wednesday , severely disrupting traffic on several lines . Two of the devices have exploded -- one Monday and one on Wednesday , authorities said , but nobody was killed or injured in the blasts . Monday 's explosion occurred next to a railway link between Hamburg and Berlin . The damage has not yet been repaired , authorities said . Since Monday , at least 2,000 trains have been delayed due to the attacks , a spokesman for Deutsche Bahn told CNN Wednesday . Another arson attempt -- this one on BerlinÂ ´ s central train station -- failed Monday because officials discovered the device before it exploded . "  The German national rail company Deutsche Bahn has become the victim of extremists . Nevertheless , our controls have been successful , " said Gerd Neubeck , senior manager of the companyÂ ´ s security department , in a written statement Tuesday . Deutsche Bahn is offering a 100,000 euro  U.S. $ 138,120  reward for information leading to the arrests of those behind the blasts , according to a statement from the company . A group called the "  Hekla Welcome Committee-Initiative for More Social Eruptions " has claimed responsibility for the explosions . "  This morning we slowed down the German capital and its function as a global player in the export of armaments , " said a statement from the group released Monday on a leftist website . However , the group said it is not acting "  with the intention to endanger somebody 's life . " The group blames GermanyÂ ´ s involvement in the Afghan war for the attacks . "  German soldiers kill in different parts of the world . For 10 years , the German armed forces are at war in Afghanistan -- without the agreement of the German people , " Hekla said . At the beginning of October , a poll by the opinion research institute YouGov showed that two-thirds of all Germans do not believe in a successful military operation in Afghanistan anymore . The alleged attackers also demanded the release of U.S. Army Pfc. Bradley Manning from jail and criticized U.S. military actions all over the world . Manning is accused of leaking thousands of classified U.S. military and State Department documents to the WikiLeaks website . The incendiary devices found in the past few days were filled with fluid and usually placed on cables , officials said . An investigation by the regional German police agency Landeskriminalamt is under way . "  I have ordered an immediate increase in police patrols around Berlin , " German Interior Minister Hans-Peter Friedrich said in a statement Wednesday . Sources from Germany 's Office for the Protection of the Constitution told CNN Wednesday that the Hekla Welcome Committee was previously unknown to authorities . The sources requested anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to the media . One source said German railways are a common target of leftist extremists . In May , a homemade explosive device hidden next to an important railway hub in the city 's east caused massive delays . In the 1970s , the leftist Red Army Faction terrorized Germany through bank robberies , kidnappings and assassinations . Its members were accused in more than 30 deaths .	NEW : Germany 's railway operator is offering a reward for information in the case No one has been hurt in the explosions , police say A previously unknown group claims responsibility The group is opposed to Germany 's presence in Afghanistan
In his fighting days during the 1980s and 1990s , Ghanaian boxing legend Azumah Nelson 's thudding jabs and powerful overhands earned him the moniker "  The Professor , " named for the lessons he 'd teach opponents inside the ring . A former three-time world champion , Nelson is often described as the best boxer to come out of the African continent . His daring feats inside the four corners of the ring made him a national hero in the West African country , while in 2004 "  The Professor " became the first African to be inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame . Today , Nelson 's nickname has taken on new meaning as the former champion now spends his time teaching the secrets of boxing to a new generation of athletes . Watch : Training the next champions "  The Professor " has established the Azumah Nelson Foundation , a not-for-profit organization working to help Ghana 's deprived youth realize their potential through education and sport . "  We opened the foundation to help the needy children , " says Nelson . "  We look at you , see your talent and put you there -- the school is there the most important -LSB- thing -RSB- . " Born in 1958 , Nelson made his professional debut in 1979 . He quickly became a household name in Ghana and went on to win the British Commonwealth 's Featherweight title . See also : Muhammad Ali returns to Olympic stage But despite his early success , Nelson was still unknown outside his country -- that changed , however , in June 1982 when he was given the chance to fight world Featherweight champion Salvador Sanchez at New York 's Madison Square Garden . Read also : From war child to U.S. Olympics star Although Nelson lost the fight in the 15th round , his impressive performance against a formidable opponent such as Sanchez established him as a top talent in the international boxing scene . He made history in 1984 when he beat Wilfredo Gomez to be crowned the World Boxing Council Featherweight champion . Four years later he cemented his reputation as boxing royalty when he won the world Super Featherweight/Junior Lightweight title . Read also : Why Klitschko sold Olympic medal for $ 1m Nelson 's illustrious career went on for years until he decided to hang up his gloves with a record of 39 wins , 5 losses and 2 draws , with 28 knockout victories . Nowadays , Nelson is trying to preserve the legacy of boxing in Ghana , working with young talent to help create the country 's next crop of champions . He says the sport can help children escape poverty and hardship . "  I 'm a servant -- God brought me to serve the people , especially the needy children , " he says . "  I want to see everybody smile . " Do you agree that Nelson is the greatest African boxer ? Who is the ultimate African boxing champ ? Tell us what you think in the comments box below	Azumah Nelson is a Ghanaian boxing legend , known as "  The Professor " He was inducted in the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2004 Today he is working to create the next generation of Ghanaian boxers
Arkansas ' Supreme Court on Friday afternoon stopped any more same-sex marriages in the state , a court spokeswoman said , leaving the legal status of more than 400 gay and lesbian couples who got marriage licenses in limbo . This development stems from 21 couples ' legal challenge of Amendment 83 to the Arkansas Constitution , arguing that it violates their federal and state rights of equal protection and privacy . Pulaski County Circuit Judge Chris Piazza ruled in their favor last Friday . But same-sex marriage was back up in the air after the state Supreme Court said Wednesday it could n't decide whether to grant an emergency stay because Piazza 's decision was "  not final . " The county judge updated his order Thursday , adding that his decision allowing same-sex marriage took effect immediately . Pulaski County , at least , was issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples by Thursday afternoon . Supreme Court spokeswoman Stephanie Harris told CNN that more than 400 same-sex couples got marriage licenses in the state since last week 's original ruling . She said Friday that the legal status of any of these marriages is unclear . CNN first learned of the state Supreme Court 's issuance of an emergency stay -- which is in effect while its judges consider the appeal of Piazza 's ruling in full -- via Twitter . The Arkansas case is an entirely in-state matter , involving a local county court and the state 's Supreme Court . But it 's similar to a spate of federal rulings in recent months that have struck down other states ' bans on same-sex marriage . In those cases , U.S. district judges ruled that the marriage restrictions violate the federal Constitution 's equal protection guarantee . But none of these decisions are in effect now , because either those judges stayed their rulings pending appeals or appellate courts did the same . There were a few states , including Michigan and Utah , in which same-sex couples married before higher courts stepped in to issue emergency stays . That 's what happened in Arkansas . Carl Tobias , a constitutional law professor at the University of Richmond , said Friday that he expects more challenges in state courts to same-sex marriage prohibitions . Still , Tobias thinks advocates are more likely to take their fight to federal court . "  Plaintiffs have preferred to sue in federal courts in the apparent belief that they are a more favorable venue , or that federal judges will view their rights more broadly , " said Tobias . Same-sex couples marry in Michigan before court halts licenses Appeals court scrutinizes Virginia same-sex marriage ban	A state judge in Arkansas earlier struck down same-sex marriage ban Arkansas Supreme Court grants a stay , thus preventing more such marriages Status of couples who got marriage licenses is unclear
CNN  -- Who walks away from $ 10 million ? Who creates something beloved and beautiful that will eventually earn him well in excess of $ 10 million , and says he does n't want the money ? The answer is a story of generosity and grace that seems fitting for this season of giving . I was doing some research on the great songwriter Irving Berlin , who , with his family , fled oppression in Russia when he was 5 years old and came to the United States . He knew no English ; he grew up in poverty on New York 's Lower East Side . He taught himself music . He wrote the lyrics and melodies to more than 1,500 songs , including some of the most popular in history : "  White Christmas , " "  Easter Parade , " "  Alexander 's Ragtime Band , " "  This Is the Army , Mr. Jones , " "  Cheek to Cheek . " His feel for the sound of words was close to perfect ; if you want to learn the craft of writing , not only music , but any kind of effective writing , study the lyrics -- the precision , the economy , the playfulness , the respect for language and cadence -- of Berlin 's "  There 's No Business Like Show Business . " There is not a wasted syllable . Because "  White Christmas " -- the cherished holiday song written by the Jewish immigrant -- will , as usual , be played and sung often this month , I was trying to find out all I could about Berlin 's life and career . And came upon an astonishing , profoundly moving act of altruism . It has to do with the song he considered the most important he ever wrote -- the song that meant the most to him . In 1938 , the vocalist Kate Smith was looking for a song to sing on her coast-to-coast CBS radio program to commemorate the 20th anniversary of Armistice Day . She asked Berlin if he would write something for her . He remembered a song he had begun years before , and had discarded . He brought it out and went back to work on it . Thus it was that , on the CBS radio network one November night , Kate Smith delivered the first public performance of Irving Berlin 's "  God Bless America . " The acclaim was immediate and electrifying . The world was on the verge of a terrible new war ; all over the United States , people heard Berlin 's song and took it to their hearts . He understood what a valuable property he had on his hands . And he quietly made a firm decision : He never wanted to make a penny from it . He wanted whatever success the song had to be his gift to the nation he adored . "  He believed that the United States had rescued his life , " Laurence Bergreen , author of the Berlin biography "  As Thousands Cheer , " told me . "  This was his genuine patriotic gesture . He had a real soft spot for America , and this is how he expressed it . " Berlin instructed attorneys to draw up papers . He wanted to guarantee that every cent "  God Bless America " ever earned went to a place that he thought would help to make the country 's future brighter and stronger . In those months leading up to the U.S. entry into World War II , he selected the Boy Scouts and the Girl Scouts to receive the song 's earnings -- specifically , he wanted the royalties to go to Boy Scout and Girl Scout programs in impoverished and disadvantaged areas . His binding legal instructions are in effect to this day , 73 years after "  God Bless America " was first sung by Kate Smith and 22 years after Berlin 's death . So far , there has been more than $ 10 million distributed to Scouting programs , and it 's still coming in . "  Irving Berlin and his heirs have never collected a penny , " said Bert Fink , an executive in the office that administers the earnings from Berlin 's songs . "  He was always a staunch protector of his copyrights , " said musicologist Sheryl Kaskowitz , who wrote her Harvard University Ph.D. dissertation on the song , and who is working on a book about it for Oxford University Press . "  For him to do this with ` God Bless America ' was his sincere thank you to the country . " Trustees of the fund Berlin set up are free to allocate the money to programs where they feel it will be beneficial . It has gone to different Scouting organizations over the years . The current recipients of the royalties are the Greater New York Councils of the Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts . Officials for both groups told me it is impossible to overestimate how much good the "  God Bless America " royalties continue to do for boys and girls with few advantages or resources ; there are Scouting programs in homeless shelters and public housing projects that would not exist were it not for the fund . The popularity of the song has seen ebbs and flows over the years . The country seems to find it anew when it is needed . On September 11 , 2001 , after the attacks , members of Congress stood together , Republicans and Democrats shoulder-to-shoulder , on the steps of the Capitol and , seemingly spontaneously , joined in singing "  God Bless America . " That signaled a renaissance for the song ; it is now regularly heard at sporting events and public gatherings . In the final years of Berlin 's life , he grew reclusive . He had not had a hit song in decades . Rock music and performances by singer-songwriters had replaced the kind of music he had mastered . But even toward the end , he found comfort in knowing how many young people the royalties from "  God Bless America " were helping . His belief was simple : Everyone , regardless of background or beginnings , should be given a chance to shine . After all , look what happened to him . He died in 1989 . The money will continue to go to Scout organizations as long as "  God Bless America " is sung and played -- which is to say , as long as there is a United States of America . Who walks away from $ 10 million ? Irving Berlin did . Happily and proudly . Why ? The answer is as clear and direct as the second line in that song of his : " ... land that I love ... " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Who walks away from $ 10 million ? The composer of "  God Bless America " did Russian-born songwriter Irving Berlin saw it as "  his gift to the nation he adored , " says Greene Berlin arranged for the song 's royalties to be given away in perpetuity , Greene says Greene : For 70 years , the money has been donated to Boy Scout and Girl Scout programs
CNN  -- An Australian commission is hearing allegations of the physical and sexual abuse of boys in the care of the Salvation Army over several decades . The shocking treatment at some of the organization 's boys homes included rape , beatings , locking boys in cages and , in one case , forcing a boy to eat his own vomit , the commission was told Tuesday . The public hearings , taking place in Sydney , are part of a wide-ranging investigation into how Australian institutions responded to cases of child sexual abuse . The current phase is focusing on the Salvation Army 's response to abuse that took place in four of its boys homes in the states of Queensland and New South Wales in the 1960s and '70s . ` The greatest failure ' The Salvation Army is n't denying the abuse , which came to light previously . It has apologized , admitting that hundreds of boys suffered in its care . "  This hearing will bring to light the greatest failure in the history of the Salvation Army in Australia , " the group 's counsel , Kate Eastmann , said Tuesday , according to CNN affiliate Seven Network . The four homes at the heart of the hearings were identified by the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse as those where the most complaints of abuse were made to The Salvation Army . The homes -- Indooroopilly and Riverview in Queensland , and Bexley and Gill in New South Wales -- were all closed by 1980 . Punishment and abuse The commission on Tuesday heard accounts of unusually brutal or humiliating punishment , including a case at one home in which two boys were locked in cages on a verandah . "  Other forms of punishment included sweeping the playground with a toothbrush , cleaning 50 pairs of shoes , cleaning the pigeon cage and on one occasion , forcing a boy to eat his own vomit , " said Simeon Beckett , the counsel assisting the commission . Allegations of widespread sexual assault carried out by Salvation Army officers and some of the boys under their supervision were also outlined . At the Bexley home , members of the public also abused boys , Beckett said , possibly with the knowledge of Salvation Army staff members . "  These persons had access to the boys ' dormitories at night and would access the dormitories and sexually assault the boys , " he said . Complaints dismissed Evidence suggests that many of the boys did n't complain about the sexual abuse at the time because they feared punishment or retribution , Beckett said . Those who did complain were n't generally taken seriously . "  In cases when abuse was reported , the boys were often disbelieved and were punished for reporting what were characterized as ` lies , ' " he told the hearing . Some of the former residents of the homes who are due to testify over the course of the hearings are expected to say that "  even when they ran away from the homes and told police of what had occurred , they were returned to the home where they were then physically punished , " Beckett said . Other witnesses due to appear before the commission include staff members from the homes and officials from law enforcement , the government and the Salvation Army . The Salvation Army has made payments to many of the victims of the abuses . "  The Salvation Army feels deep regret for every instance of child sexual abuse inflicted on children in our care , " the organization says in a statement on its website . "  We are grieved that such things happened . We acknowledge that it was a failure of the greatest magnitude . " The investigation into the Salvation Army response is the fifth set of public hearings carried out by the Royal Commission . The previous hearings looked into the responses to sexual abuse allegations by children 's organizations and churches . Victims of Australian child abuse scandal look for peace Victims welcome investigation	Boys were raped and beaten by Salvation Army officers , a commission hears The abuses mainly took place in the 1960s and '70s at homes that have since closed The commission is investigating institutions ' responses to child sexual abuse cases The Salvation Army has admitted abuses took place and apologized to victims
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- Pro-India groups Sunday welcomed the latest initiative from New Delhi to defuse the crisis in Indian-administered Kashmir , but a hard-line separatist leader spearheading the unrelenting pro-independence unrest dismissed the plan as "  an eyewash . " Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir Omar Abdullah was one of the first to hail the eight-point proposal , describing it as "  a positive development which should lead to resolving the political issues of the state . " Omar said students who had been detained for throwing stones during the violent demonstrations that have so far claimed 106 lives would be released soon , and schools and colleges should reopen Monday so that students will be prepared for annual state board exams . However , he said , one of the main points of the proposal -- to scale down the number of security forces in the area and to withdraw the Disturbed Areas Act in some places -- would be reviewed this week at the unified headquarters meeting . The Indian government had imposed a strict round-the-clock curfew in the summer capital of Srinagar and in several other areas in an attempt to prevent angry mobs from taking to the street . Still , residents -- many of whom favor an independent Kashmiri nation in the Muslim majority Kashmir Valley , part of India 's northern Jammu and Kashmir state -- came out hurling stones at police and paramilitary troopers who have in turn , opened fire and used tear gas . State Congress party chief Saif-ud-Din Soz described the eight-point initiative , which was introduced Saturday by Home Minister P. Chidambaram , as "  a good beginning . " The moderate All Parties Hurriyat Conference  APHC  chairman , Mirwaiz Moulvi Umar Farooq , expressed "  disappointment " with the proposal . He said his group would issue its formal reaction Monday after a meeting of its executive committee . The hard-line separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani dismissed the initiative as "  an eyewash , as it does n't address the fundamental issue of accepting Kashmir as an international dispute by New Delhi . " It also does not take into account other demands of demilitarization under the auspices of a credible international agency and withdrawal of Armed Forces Special Powers Act  AFSPA  , he said . Referring to the Indian home minister 's announcement regarding a plan for dialogue with all sectors of society , Geelani said that by his count , more than "  150 rounds of talks have been held since 1947 between Kashmiris and New Delhi which have , however , yielded nothing . " Kashmir analyst Abdul Quyoom noted that the proposal "  has failed to enthuse the separatist leaders , who have been upping the ante for Kashmir 's secession from India . " Also included in the plan is proposed compensation for the families of protest victims of the equivalent of about $ 11,000 each . Since the latest wave of unrest began in June , 106 people have died . The Indian government says another 245 people were detained . Earlier in the week , Chidambaram , the home minister , led an all-party delegation of Indian parliamentarians to Srinagar to assess the situation firsthand . Delegation members drove through the curfew-bound streets to an international conference center on the banks of Dal Lake , once one of India 's most popular tourist destinations . The delegation met with leaders of various pro-India parties . Kashmiri separatist leaders had turned down invitations for talks . Moderate leaders Mirwaiz Moulvi Umar Farooq and Yasin Malik also turned down invitations to join the discussions , but sent a joint memorandum to the delegation reiterating their demands for restoration of normalcy and the initiation of dialogue . Among those demands were demilitarization , the release of detainees and the withdrawal of what they called draconian laws . Claims on the mostly Muslim Kashmir Valley has been a matter of dispute since the independence of India and Pakistan in 1947 . India deployed thousands of troops in Kashmir to guard against what Indian leaders believe was a Pakistan-backed insurgency that began in late 1980s . That insurgency , which claimed tens of thousands of lives , has waned but the troops have remained , fueling new waves of separatist unrest .	Pro-India parties welcome the 8-point plan to defuse tensions in Kashmir Hard-line separatist leader Geelani dismisses the proposal as "  an eyewash " The plan proposes scaling down the number of security forces , compensating victims ' families
CNN  -- Three adults and two juveniles were arrested Wednesday for allegedly terrorizing a Jewish camp in Pennsylvania . Authorities say Tyler Cole Spencer , 18 , Mark Trail , 21 , Cassandra Robertson , 18 , and two juveniles intimidated Jewish campers and staff at Camp Bonim on three separate occasions on July 14 and 15 . Spencer allegedly drove a white Ford pickup truck "  recklessly " through the camp , "  narrowly missing several campers and staff " and damaging fields , yards , buildings and fences , the police criminal complaint said . The group also allegedly used paintball guns to shoot Jewish campers and staff , hitting one 18-year-old camper leaving a synagogue , according to the complaint . Authorities allege members of the group also shouted anti-Semitic slurs at campers and staff , such as "  I 'm gon na kill you , you f *** ing Jews . " "  Go back to where the f *** you came from you god **** Jews . We do n't want you here , " Trail allegedly shouted , according to the complaint . Several campers told police they "  were scared for their lives " when the pickup truck sped through the camp , the complaint said . "  The vicious , cruel and obscene nature of the language hurled at the campers is unspeakable , " Wayne County , Pennsylvania , District Attorney Janine Edwards said in a statement . "  Luckily none of the children suffered any serious physical injury ; however , the emotional damage done is immeasurable . This is outrageous conduct and will not be tolerated . " Spencer , Trail and Robertson have been charged with several felonies and misdemeanors , including ethnic intimidation , terroristic threats , recklessly endangering another person and institutional vandalism . Spencer , of Linden , Tennessee , was charged previously with aggravated assault in a hit-and-run case . He allegedly hit a camp counselor with his pickup truck before fleeing on July 16 . Spencer 's bail has been set at $ 200,000 . Bail for Trail and Robertson , who are from Wayne County , has been set at $ 20,000 each . Juvenile petitions were also filed against the two alleged accomplices , a 17-year-old and a 16-year-old . It is unclear if the defendants are represented at this time , and listed numbers to the defendants ' families could not be found .	Three adults and two juveniles are accused of terrorizing the camp on three occasions The group allegedly shouted threats and anti-Semitic slurs , destroyed property Wayne County district attorney : "  This is outrageous conduct and will not be tolerated "
CNN  -- If you 're among the companies vying for one of the nearly 2,000 new generic top-level domains , or gTLDs , you 've got big pockets . The application alone costs about $ 185,000 . But if you 're just an average Joe building your own website or blog , there are much cheaper options out there . One of the most popular is . tk . It 's a country code top-level domain , similar to . ca for Canada or . fr for France . But . tk stands for a country you 've probably never heard of . It 's called Tokelau . Places don " t get much more remote than Tokelau . It would make a great backdrop for a desert-island television series . The only problem would be getting the crew there . What appears on a map as three tiny pinpoints in the midst of the Pacific Ocean are the country 's tiny atolls , bringing the total size of Tokelau to a whopping 4 square miles . If you want to get there , you will start in Los Angeles and fly to Hawaii . From Hawaii , you 'll fly to American Samoa . From American Samoa , you 'll take a small plane to Samoa , where you might wait two weeks for a boat . The boat ride is 48 hours , and there 's no cabin , so you 'll sleep on the deck . The boat will get you close to Tokelau , but the sea is too rough and the coral too dangerous to approach , so you 'll hop in a canoe and paddle to shore . Now , you 're ready to start your island holiday . Tokelau is home to only about 1,300 people . But a recent report  PDF  released by Verisign , the global registry operator for . com and . net , found that . tk is the third-most popular country code top-level domain  or ccTLD  behind only Germany  . de  and the United Kingdom  . uk  . It 's all thanks to a man who literally lives on the other side of the planet from Tokelau : Joost Zuurbier of Amsterdam . Around 2000 , Zuurbier says , he and a friend looked at Hotmail as inspiration for a business model of their own . If Hotmail could make money providing free e-mail , could n't money be made offering free domains ? "  At that moment , there were no free domain names yet , " Zuurbier said . "  So we were shopping around for a registry that wanted to play along , and in the end , we founded . tk , which did n't exist at the time . " Zuurbier says it was n't easy . The Tokelauans were not only unaware of their entitlement to their own country code domain , no one on the island had ever seen a webpage before . "  We had to explain to them what they had and what the Internet was in order to get things going , " Zuurbier said . There was also another small problem . ICANN , the group responsible for doling out ccTLDs , did n't believe that Tokelau really existed . Luckily for Zuurbier , an ICANN board member informed the rest of the group that he had installed the island 's first shortwave radio equipment there in the late 1970s . So the two sides agreed to the deal . After some handshakes in New Zealand , Zuurbier took the long , faithful journey to Tokelau with satellite equipment in tow . It took more than two weeks to get there , and he had to keep the equipment dry . Otherwise he risked having to repeat the long , expensive and exhausting journey . After six years of hurdles and complicated setup , Freedom Registry launched its . tk domain in 2006 . Now , more than 9 million websites have . tk domains , and Zuurbier says there 's been a recent explosion of popularity , with about a million added each month . "  We have never seen such enormous growth , " Zuurbier said . "  The growth is coming especially from emerging economies like China , Brazil , Russia , Peru , Vietnam . These countries also have local ccTLD 's like . pe or . vn or . cn , but these are very hard to register for the local communities there , so they go to . tk . " Freedom Registry makes money through ads on expired domains . Zuurbier says registration and renewal are free for users , but when they abandon the site or do n't meet the minimum requirements of 25 unique visitors every 90 days , the domain gets "  parked . " That means the URL still exists , but the content is replaced with ads tailored to the original site . "  If your website was about your trip to Mexico , we have spiders that go through all of the live websites , and the moment the live website expires , we take the domain name back , " Zuurbier said . "  We then put ads on there that are relevant to the content that was there before . In this case , your trip to Mexico . " Freedom Registry gives a cut of the money it earns to the people of Tokelau . In fact , one-sixth of their economy comes from the sale of . tk domains . Tokelau , however , has the smallest GDP in the world : about $ 1.2 million a year . Through Freedom Registry , Zuurbier did n't just bring hard cash to the people of Tokelau , he brought connectivity . "  They had four phone lines , and that was basically it , " he said . "  They had dial-up , but there was such a slow bandwidth , they could only use it for e-mails without any attachments . If there was any attachment , they had to actually make a call to New Zealand to remove the attachment , because otherwise , the e-mail would n't get through . " Besides the annual license fees , Freedom Registry provides Internet service to Tokelau with that satellite equipment Zuurbier brought with him . He says it costs about $ 2,000 a month for the same connection that would cost about $ 10 in the U.S. "  We brought them the connectivity , and now there are 120 computers on the island , mostly laptops , because the power goes off at 10 p.m. , " he said . Though it still may be almost impossible to find , Tokelau 's profile has been raised , thanks to Freedom Registry . And now with new investment in his company , Zuurbier hopes to do the same in Africa . He spoke from a train bound for Paris , where he was to meet with representatives of seven countries . Zuurbier wo n't say which ones , but he says that in the next two months , the first one will go live . That means that not only will there be a few new top-level domains , there will probably be more than a few people in those countries seeing a website for the first time .	Tokelau is only 4 square miles , but 9 million websites have the country 's domain No planes fly to Tokelau , and the islands have four phone lines and one satellite Only about 1,300 people live in Tokelau , which has the smallest economy in the world
CNN  -- A man suspected of killing a migrant from Kyrgyzstan and leading recent riots that drew thousands in Moscow has been arrested , state media reported . Ilya Kubrakov and three other rioters were arrested on Friday , a Moscow court announced , according to the Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti . Kubrakov could face life in prison for the stabbing death of the Kyrgyz migrant in southern Moscow , whose body was found on Sunday , RIA Novosti said . On December 11 , about 5,000 nationalists and "  football hooligans " clashed with Moscow police as an unsanctioned nationalist-tinged mass memorial for a fellow supporter turned violent , according to state media . The fans were protesting alleged police negligence over the death of Yegor Sviridov , 28 , who was killed in a fight with migrants from Russia 's North Caucasus region , according to RIA Novosti . The confrontations took place in Manezh Square , outside the Kremlin , and led to the arrests of 65 Spartak Moscow fans for "  disobedience , " Moscow police spokesman Viktor Biryukov said last weekend , according to the official Russian news agency Itar-Tass . The head of the Spartak Moscow fan club has told RIA Novosti that the showdown had nothing to do with sports but instead was rooted in problems in Russian society . More disturbances followed on Wednesday , when ethnic Russians and internal migrants met for a confrontation in Moscow , and other riots have also taken place in St. Petersburg and other Russian cities , RIA Novosti said . According to the news agency , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev blamed the rash of race-hate violence on investigators who released suspects in Sviridov 's death . Medvedev called on authorities to take measures to punish those responsible for the crime , RIA Novosti said . CNN 's Mila Sanina contributed to this report .	State media reports "  race-hate " violence has erupted in Moscow and St. Petersburg About 5,000 Spartak Moscow supporters clashed with police last weekend They were protesting alleged police negligence over the death of Yegor Sviridov , 28 Sviridov was reportedly killed in a fight with migrants from Russia 's North Caucasus region
CNN  -- Children should not die in schools . Children should not die from eating common foods . A minuscule speck of a peanut , not even visible , should not take a young child 's life in minutes . And yet this has happened in the past two years -- to 13-year-old Kaitlyn in Chicago and to 7-year-old Ammaria in Virginia . As the holidays approach and celebratory treats are brought into schools from home , we must ensure children with food allergies are safe . Congress can contribute to that by rapidly passing the School Access to Emergency Epinephrine Act . This bill would provide states with incentives to require elementary schools and secondary schools to maintain , and permit school personnel to administer , epinephrine -- a form of adrenaline that eases hives and breathing difficulties and when injected , prevents rapid death . Quite reasonably , many people are a bit suspicious of the new hypersensitivity about foods , wondering if a little hysteria surrounds the issue . Most adults -- including me -- grew up in a world where PB&J was a staple . I do n't remember having a single friend whose food was restricted for fear of a reaction that could take his or her life . Unfortunately , and for reasons no one fully understands , food allergies have indeed become more common and more severe . In 2010 , I was part of a group of researchers at Northwestern University of Medicine who surveyed a demographically representative sample of 40,000 U.S. families . In a peer-reviewed study published in Pediatrics in June 2011 , we revealed our findings : One in 13 children in the U.S. has a food allergy , and 40 % of those have had a potentially life-threatening reaction such as difficulty breathing and throat constriction . To put that in perspective , that means two children in every school classroom , or almost 6 million American kids , have a food allergy that could potentially endanger their lives . And yet food is a part of almost everything children do . In school , they eat breakfast , lunch , snacks , treats . They eat special items for birthdays , holidays , and random celebrations . Even if every mother and father tries to be especially careful about what they send to school , no one can predict when a child with a food allergy will accidentally have a reaction to something . Fortunately , a simple and affordable solution can save lives and relieve at least some of the stress and anxiety about children 's well-being . In 2011 , the Chicago Public Schools put into place the Illinois School Access to Emergency Epinephrine Act . All 681 Chicago public schools , collectively educating more than 400,000 children , have an epinephrine auto-injector to quickly administer the medicine needed to help save a child 's life in a severe allergy attack . School nurses and staff know exactly how to respond in a food allergy emergency . Congress has an opportunity to pass a similar bill before it ends its session . Sen. Richard Durbin introduced the School Access to Epinephrine Act on November 17 , 2011 . It can and should be passed . Why should the nation invest in preventing allergic reactions to foods in particular ? Many other equally urgent health issues -- asthma and obesity -- afflict schoolchildren . And , quite rightly , public health experts and school nurses are working on those health problems as well . But no one wants a child to die in minutes simply because she ate a cupcake at her friend 's school birthday party that was supposedly nut-free -- but had been packaged or made on a counter where nuts had been used . This bill will help schools have epinephrine auto-injectors on hand and trained staff for those emergencies . That could save the lives of those two children in each American classroom who are at risk . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ruchi Gupta .	Ruchi Gupta : Exposure to a peanut speck can kill an allergic schoolchild in minutes This time of year , holiday snacks brought in from home carry allergy risks , she says Gupta : Easy to save a life if schools have epinephrine on hand and can administer it School Access to Emergency Epinephrine Act crucial , she says , as allergies increase
CNN  -- Netflix , Amazon , Hulu and iTunes are adding titles to their streaming options in October . From horror films to documentaries and new episodes of beloved series , it 's all here for your viewing pleasure with this month 's schedule of releases : October 1 Netflix : "  Annie " "  Annie : A Royal Adventure " "  Bad Johnson " "  Charlie 's Angels : Full Throttle " "  Chicken Run " "  Domestic Disturbance " "  Ernest Saves Christmas " "  Finding Forrester " "  Galaxy Quest " "  Gilmore Girls : The Complete Series " "  Hit ! " "  Hostages : Season 1 " "  Kramer vs. Kramer " "  Jimmy Neutron : Boy Genius " "  My Father the Hero " "  Paths of Glory " "  Rescue Dawn " "  Romeo + Juliet " "  Shadow of the Vampire " "  Shane " "  Sleepless in Seattle " "  Shivers " "  Team America : World Police " "  The Phantom of the Opera " "  The Wedding Planner " "  Three Fugitives " "  Tombstone " Amazon Prime : "  An Affair to Remember " "  Romeo + Juliet " "  The Phantom of the Opera " "  Space Jam " "  Evil Dead II " "  Scream " "  Scream 2 " "  Scream 3 " "  The Address " iTunes : "  Los Angeles Plays Itself "  2 week exclusive "  Third Person " " ` Movies Based on Books " collection iTunes Fall TV room  free offerings  : "  Manhattan Love Story " series premiere See the full room here . October 2 Netflix : "  Carrie " "  Reign : Season 1 " "  The Vampire Diaries : Season 5 " "  Under the Electric Sky : EDC 2013 " Amazon Prime : "  Carrie " iTunes : "  Carrie " "  Reign : Season 1 " "  The Vampire Diaries : Season 5 " "  Under the Electric Sky : EDC 2013 " iTunes Fall TV room  free offerings  : "  Stalker " series premiere October 3 Netflix : "  The Originals : Season 1 " Amazon Prime : "  Creative Galaxy "  an Amazon original iTunes : "  The Originals : Season 1 " iTunes Fall TV room  free offerings  : "  A to Z " series premiere "  Gracepoint " series premiere "  Bad Judge " series premiere "  Black-ish " series premiere "  Red Band Society " series premiere "  How to Get Away with Murder " series premiere "  Madam Secretary " series premiere "  NCIS : New Orleans " series premiere "  Scorpion " series premiere "  Sleepy Hollow " season premiere October 4 Netflix : "  The Boxcar Children " October 6 Netflix : "  Little Man " October 7 Netflix : "  Hart of Dixie : Season 3 " "  In a World ... : " "  The Following : Season 2 " "  Raising Hope : Season 4 " "  Supernatural : Season 9 " Amazon Prime : "  In a World ... " iTunes : "  Hart of Dixie : Season 3 " "  The Following : Season 2 " "  Raising Hope : Season 4 " "  Supernatural : Season 9 " "  Bronx Obama " October 8 Netflix : "  Arrow : Season 2 " "  Jay Mohr : Funny For a Girl " iTunes : "  Arrow : Season 2 " October 9 Netflix : "  A Long Way Down " "  The Tomorrow People : Season 1 " iTunes : "  A Long Way Down " "  The Tomorrow People : Season 1 " October 10 Netflix : Chelsea Handler : Uganda Be Kidding Me Amazon Prime : "  Hours " October 11 Netflix : "  Breathe In " "  Heatstroke " "  Swelter " "  Why Stop Now " iTunes : "  Breathe In " "  Heatstroke " "  Swelter " "  Why Stop Now " October 14 Netflix : "  Witching & Bitching " iTunes : "  Witching & Bitching " October 15 Netflix : "  Stay " "  Tim Minchin and the The Heritage Orchestra Live " iTunes : "  Stay " October 16 Netflix : "  Cowgirls n'Angels " iTunes : "  Cowgirls n'Angels " October 18 Netflix : "  Last Man Standing : Season 3 " "  Liberal Arts " iTunes : "  Last Man Standing : Season 3 " "  Liberal Arts " October 21 Netflix : "  Wyatt Cenac : Brooklyn " October 22 Netflix : "  The 100 : Season 1 " "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " Amazon Prime : "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " iTunes : "  The 100 : Season 1 " "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " October 23 Netflix : "  Freakshow : Season 2 " iTunes : "  Freakshow : Season 2 " October 24 Netflix : "  E-Team " October 25 Netflix : "  The Carrie Diaries : Season 2 " "  Django Unchained " "  Sons of Anarchy : Season 6 " Amazon Prime : "  Sons of Anarchy : Season 6 " iTunes : "  The Carrie Diaries : Season 2 " "  Django Unchained " "  Sons of Anarchy : Season 6 " October 28 Netflix : "  Bound by Flesh " iTunes : "  Bound by Flesh " October 30 Amazon Prime : "  Annedroids "  an Amazon original "  Good Will Hunting " October 31 Netflix : "  Rain Man " Hulu fall offerings : "  South Park " "  Saturday Night " "  Nashville " "  Sleepy Hollow " "  The Mindy Project " "  Red Band Society " "  The Mysteries of Laura " "  New Girl " "  Gotham " "  The Blacklist " See the full list here .	Netflix and Amazon Prime have new programs streaming in October Hulu and iTunes also have programming Some of the offerings include complete series
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama is considering airstrikes and humanitarian airdrops to help save thousands of Iraq 's Shiite Turkmen , who officials said Wednesday are facing a potential slaughter at the hands of fighters with the so-called Islamic State . "  These kinds of options are on the table because they do alleviate some of the suffering that is sustained by religious and ethnic minorities that are being persecuted or at least threatened " by ISIS , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said during a briefing . The news followed reports of a new round of U.S. airstrikes targeting ISIS positions near the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil . ` Possible imminent massacre ' ISIS fighters have besieged the town of Amerli , 70 miles north of Baquba , since the Sunni extremists swept into Iraq from Syria since mid-June . The town 's fewer than 20,000 residents are without power . "  Residents are enduring harsh living conditions with severe food and water shortages , and a complete absence of medical services -- and there are fears of a possible imminent massacre , " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said this week . Their situation echoes the ordeal of Iraq 's ethnic Yazidis , whose plight after they were forced to flee into the mountains to escape ISIS militants triggered U.S. aid drops and the first U.S. airstrikes against ISIS . Similar to the chaotic scenes that played out in the Sinjar Mountains , Iraqi military helicopters have been carrying out food drops and picking up Turkmen desperate to get out . Which groups are at risk in Iraq ? Scant defenses Surrounded on four sides , the 17,400 residents have had to defend themselves with only the help of local police , Masrwr Aswad of Iraq 's Human Rights Commission has said . ISIS have vowed to push the Shiite Turkmen out , calling them heretics . Turkmen are descendants of a Turkic-speaking , traditionally nomadic people , who share culture ties with Turkey . There are Sunni and Shiite Turkmen in Iraq , and they account for up to 3 % of Iraq 's population . The United Nations estimates that of the besieged Turkmen population in Amerli , roughly 10,000 are women and children . Turkmen have been subjected to violence before at the hands of Sunni extremists . In 2008 , a truck bomb exploded in Amerli , killing more than 100 people and leveling homes and businesses . At the time , it was considered one of the single deadliest attacks of the Iraq War . U.S. airstrikes hit ISIS On Wednesday , American warplanes carried out three airstrikes near Irbil , destroying a number of vehicles and a building , the U.S. military said . Among the vehicles was a Humvee , the military said . ISIS seized a large number of military vehicles either abandoned or captured from Syrian and Iraqi forces . Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III , commander of the U.S. Central Command , met with top officials in Baghdad and Irbil on Wednesday to discuss "  U.S.-Iraq defense cooperation and regional security issues , " the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad said . Austin met with leaders including Iraqi President Fuad Masum and Prime Minister-designate Haider al-Abadi in Baghdad , and Kurdistan Regional Government President Masoud Barzani , the embassy said in a statement . U.N. report alleges atrocities The airstrikes in Iraq came as a U.N. human rights investigators accused both ISIS and Syrian government forces of committing war crimes and atrocities in their brutal fight in Syria . The U.N. report released Wednesday said that public executions , torture and mock crucifixions have become regular fixtures in ISIS-controlled areas of Syria . It also said that the extremist group is forcing children to fight . "  Among the most disturbing findings in this report are accounts of large training camps , where children , mostly boys , from the age of 14 are recruited and trained to fight in the ranks of ISIS along with adults , " said Paulo Pinheiro , the chairman of the U.N. commission of inquiry on Syria . The report also accuses the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad of repeatedly using chemical weapons against civilians . The U.N. investigators said the Syrian government dropped what was thought to be chlorine gas on civilian areas on eight different occasions in April . The government forces are believed to have made particular use of barrel bombs dropped by helicopters to unleash the gas , said Vitit Muntarbhorn , a commissioner with the inquiry . Video posted on social media purports to show several of the alleged chlorine attacks . While CNN ca n't independently confirm the video , it shows a number of Syrian civilians fleeing the smoky aftermath of an explosion with their faces covered . More video shows wounded civilians , including children , in a field hospital . Some are having difficulty breathing , several are treated with oxygen masks . The investigators say they hope to use their evidence to build a case for future prosecution at the International Criminal Court . U.S. airstrikes in Syria ? Barbara Starr reported from Washington , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Anna Coren , Hala Gorani and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. general meets with top officials in Baghdad and Irbil Airstrikes and humanitarian airdrops are being considered , White House official says ISIS fighters have besieged the town of Amerli since June "  There are fears of an imminent massacre , " a U.N. official says
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- The two-day ritual slaughter of tens of thousands of animals -- among the world 's largest sacrifice of animals -- began Tuesday in southern Nepal , officials said . About 200,000 animals , including male water buffalo , goats and roosters will be slaughtered , despite protests from animal rights activists , according to the chief priest of the festival . People from Nepal and India sacrifice animals to the goddess Gadhimai in the Bara district , about 150 kilometers  about one mile  south of Kathmandu , in thanks for wishes granted . "  This is a divine power center , " Mangal Chaudhary , the head priest of the Gadhimai temple , said by phone . "  When people wish for a son , a job , good health or anything else come true , they make an offering to the Gadhimai goddess . " He expects more than 5 million people -- 60 percent from India , which shares an open border with Nepal -- to attend the festival . About 15,000 male water buffalo will be slaughtered , up from 12,000 five years ago , said Chaudhary , who is the 10th generation of his family to serve as chief priest . Water buffalo are slaughtered on the first day , and other animals on the second day . Government officials say they can not stop the centuries-old tradition , despite opposition from animal-rights activists from Nepal and India . "  This is a matter of people 's religion and belief , " said chief district officer Tara Nath Gautam , the highest-ranking government official in Bara . Animal rights activists say they are n't looking for a sea change . "  We do not expect this practice to stop overnight . A sustained effort is needed so that , sometime , the practice will end , " said Nepali animal rights activist Pramada Shah . Though meat from the sacrificed animals is given to devotees , the hides of water buffalo are taken by the festival management committee to sell . The heads are buried on the temple premises , which spread over three square kilometers , Chaudhary said . Buffalo is eaten by low castes in Nepal and India , but goat meat is eaten by a wider population . An estimated 100,000 to 200,000 goats are sacrificed , Chaudhary said . Journalist Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report .	About 200,000 animals , including male water buffalo , goats and roosters will be slaughtered over two days Animals are sacrificed to the goddess Gadhimai in thanks for wishes granted Government officials say they can not stop the centuries-old tradition , despite opposition Animal-rights activists says they do n't expect the practice to end overnight but change is needed
CNN  -- An explosion in a bus station filled with laborers killed 18 people in the Nigerian capital of Abuja , authorities said Friday . The explosion injured 66 people Thursday night , said Manzo Ezekiel , a spokesman for the National Emergency Management Agency . The workers were on their way home for the May Day holiday when the blast occurred . Ezekiel said it hit about 100 meters from the scene of an April 14 explosion that killed 71 people . In that blast , about 130 people were hurt when a parked vehicle exploded in the Nyanya Motor Park bus station crowded with early morning commuters . Boko Haram 's leader claimed responsibility for the April 14 bombing . The Islamist militant group -- whose name means "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language -- has bombed schools , churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders . CNN 's Hassan John contributed to this report .	Blast happened near the site of an explosion that killed 71 people last month Workers were on their way home for the May Day holiday when the blast hit
CNN  -- Unsanitary conditions at a Colorado cantaloupe farm 's packing facility are a possible contributing cause of one of the nation 's worst outbreaks of listeria contamination in food , the Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday . Meanwhile , a Centers for Disease Control official said it is too early to declare the outbreak over , but the number of new cases appeared to be diminishing . "  The peak in illnesses appears to have occurred from late August until the middle of September , " said Dr. Barbara Mahon of the CDC , who added that additional monitoring will be needed for at least another two weeks . The FDA said it was unable to pinpoint the definitive cause of the outbreak , which has been linked to 25 deaths so far . An FDA letter to Jensen Farms of Granada , Colorado , however , cited violations in sanitary conditions that must be addressed . It said tests showed "  widespread contamination throughout your facility and indicates poor sanitary practices in the facility . " The agency cited several likely causes of the spread of the Listeria monocytogenes bacteria at Jensen Farms . The likely causes included packing equipment that "  was not easily cleaned and sanitized " and the use of washing and drying equipment for cantaloupe packing as well as other raw agricultural commodities . In addition , the agency said in a statement , the facility lacked a "  pre-cooling step " to remove field heat from the cantaloupes before cold storage , possibly leading to condensation in the cooling process that promoted growth of the listeria bacteria . A letter dated Tuesday from the FDA to Jensen Farms cited violations in sanitary conditions . The letter said tests at the facility found listeria bacteria contamination . "  These positive swabs were taken from different locations throughout the washing and packing areas in your facility , all of which were either food contact surfaces or areas adjacent to food contact surfaces , " the letter said . "  This significant percentage of swabs that tested positive for outbreak strains of Listeria monocytogenes demonstrates widespread contamination throughout your facility and indicates poor sanitary practices in the facility . " According to the letter , the company has 15 days to document steps it has taken to correct the problems . The letter also said the company notified the FDA on Monday that it agreed to inspection by the agency of its growing , packaging , and cold storage operations before it resumes food harvesting , packaging , or processing . Jensen Farms also agreed to correct all objectionable observations noted during said FDA inspections , the letter said . A total of 123 people in 26 states have been infected by the listeria outbreak , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says . Additionally , a woman who was pregnant at the time of her illness had a miscarriage , the agency said . The listeria outbreak is the deadliest food-borne illness outbreak in the United States since 1998 . Groups at high risk for listeria include older adults , people with weakened immune systems and pregnant women . Jensen Farms issued a voluntary recall of its Rocky Ford brand cantaloupes on September 14 . The tainted cantaloupes should be off store shelves , the CDC has said . Cantaloupes from Jensen Farms should be disposed of immediately , even if some of them have been eaten , the agency recommended . If consumers are uncertain about the source of a cantaloupe , they are urged to ask their supermarket . If the source remains unknown , the fruit should be thrown out . Refrigerating a cantaloupe will not kill the bacteria , which can grow at low temperatures , and consumers should not try to wash off the bacteria .	The outbreak is not over , but new cases are on the decline At least 123 cases have been reported in 26 states ; 25 people have died The tainted cantaloupes were recalled last month The outbreak is the deadliest food-borne illness outbreak in the United States since 1998
CNN  -- Alec Baldwin and his daughter Ireland have apparently mended their differences . The 18-year-old model used Twitter to defend her father after his use of an anti-gay slur . The younger Baldwin insists that her dad "  has a kind heart . " "  For someone who has battled with anger management issues , my dad has grown tremendously , " she tweeted . "  My dad is far from a homophobe or a racist . " CNN has not been able to verify that the Twitter account belongs to Ireland Baldwin . His daughter knows a great deal about such anger issues . In 2007 a voice mail was leaked in which the actor ranted and called his then-11-year-old daughter a "  rude , thoughtless little pig . " Recently Alec Baldwin lashed out at a paparazzo who was outside his Manhattan apartment and called the man a "  c ****** king f * g. " That resulted in both GLAAD and CNN 's Anderson Cooper taking Baldwin to task . "  Wow , Alec Baldwin shows his true colors yet again , " Cooper tweeted . "  How is he going to lie and excuse his anti-gay slurs this time ? " Ireland Baldwin said via Twitter that "  Paparazzi can bring out many confined feelings of anger and spite out of anyone " and that " ... what my dad said was WRONG . What my dad felt WAS N'T . " "  Boundaries have to be made , " she said "  Paparazzi have jobs to do , but some of them jeopardize people 's lives and cross a line . My dad has an INFANT CHILD to protect . " The "  30 Rock " star has had a rough time of it lately , with MSNBC putting his show "  Up Late " on a two-week suspension in the wake of the scandal . A rep for MSNBC told CNN the show is scheduled to return after the suspension . On Saturday , Baldwin -- who had already apologized for the slur he used against the photographer -- posted a piece on The Huffington Post in which he said he would never again use the term "  toxic queen " as he did in referring to a tabloid journalist . He expressed amazement at how he has been characterized . "  My friends who happen to be gay are baffled by this , " he wrote . "  They see me as one who has recently fought for marriage equality and has been a supporter of gay rights for many years . Now , the charge of being a ` homophobic bigot , ' to quote one crusader in the gay community , is affixed . " He also asked that his network not be judged by his actions . "  Do n't allow my problem to be MSNBC 's problem , " he said in his piece . "  They are good people who work hard at a job , just like many of you . And two , please respect the privacy of my wife and family . If you have an opinion of me , then express it . Think what you like . But I ask that my wife , who I care about more than words can say , and both my children , be left out of this . " Actress guilty of stalking Baldwin gets 210 days in jail	Ireland Baldwin says her dad "  has a good heart " Alec Baldwin is in trouble over an anti-gay slur aimed at a paparazzo His daughter defends him on Twitter , says he 's not a homophobe
CNN  Actor Jon Hamm , who plays hard-drinking Don Draper on the hit AMC show "  Mad Men , " has recently completed a 30-day stint in rehab for alcohol abuse , TMZ reports . The celebrity-news site says Hamm checked himself into the high-end Silver Hill Hospital in New Canaan , Connecticut , at the end of February . "  With the support of his longtime partner Jennifer Westfeldt , Jon Hamm recently completed treatment for his struggle with alcohol addiction , " said representatives for Hamm in a statement to TMZ , People and other media outlets . "  They have asked for privacy and sensitivity going forward . " The news comes less than two weeks before "  Mad Men , " which explores the lives of New York advertising executives in the 1960s , begins its final eight-episode run on April 5 . Filming for the final episodes was completed months ago . Missouri native Hamm , 44 , toiled in near-obscurity for years in Hollywood before finding fame in 2007 as the tormented , womanizing Draper , for which he won a Golden Globe for best actor in a TV drama . He has been nominated for an acting Emmy seven times for "  Mad Men " but has never won .	Report : Actor Jon Hamm of "  Mad Men " has completed a 30-day stint in rehab for alcohol abuse AMC 's "  Mad Men " begins its final eight-episode run on April 5
CNN  -- The final round of qualifiers for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations threw up a few surprises , the most notable of which being holders Nigeria bowing out . The results of Wednesday evening also presented some potential logistical issues , as Guinea progressed to the finals next January , highlighting the problems that Ebola fears may cloud the event . The ruling African football body , CAF , last week removed Morocco as host , handing hosting duties to 2012 co-host Equatorial Guinea . The North African country had voiced concerns over the spread of the deadly disease in a number of West African countries and requested a postponement . As a further consequence , its team has been expelled from the competition , The controversy had threatened to overwhelm the final round of games , played out this week , but by the end of Wednesday the 16 teams who will travel to the finals were known . Elephants ease into Finals Ivory Coast qualified behind Group D winner Cameroon after a goalless draw between the two teams . The result was enough to fend off a late challenge from DR Congo after its 3-1 victory over Sierra Leone in the Congolese capital of Kinshasa . DR Congo 's result , however , helped the team garner an impressive total of nine points , which saw the Leopards progress as the best-performing third place team from the seven groups , narrowly beating the reigning champions Nigeria to the remaining qualifying spot . Super Eagles crash out Nigeria has been a regular fixture in the finals of the competition since its early days , but will be a notable absentee in Equatorial Guinea , mirroring 2010 holders Egypt in failing to qualify for the following edition of the tournament in 2012 . The Super Eagles were held 2-2 by South Africa in Uyo , giving second-place in Group A to Congo , as the team recorded a 1-0 victory over Sudan in Khartoum . The South Africans topped Group A with 12 points from their qualifying campaign . Niger and Mozambique played out a dead rubber with a 1-1 draw , with fellow Group F teams Cape Verde and Zambia already having qualified before kick-off on Wednesday . Burkina Faso 's draw with Angola was also largely academic , the west African nation having already joined Gabon in qualifying from Group C. Keita magic Meanwhile , Mali booked their spot for the seventh consecutive time with a standout performance from captain Seydou Keita . The Roma midfielder opened the scoring with a well-taken penalty . Mali finished runners-up in Group B behind Algeria . A poor showing in Tunisia by Egypt saw the 2010 champions lose 2-1 , and miss out on a place at the finals . Ghana 's Black Stars ensured they progressed from Group F with a routine 3-1 win over neighbors Togo . They will be joined in the finals by Guinea , after a 2-0 victory over Uganda in the Moroccan city of Casablanca -- Ebola fears in the West African country ruling out home matches for the time being . The Ebola crisis threatens to loom large over the tournament . Host country of the finals , Equatorial Guinea , was disqualified earlier in the qualifying tournament for fielding an ineligible player , but were later reinstated . The final 16 South Africa Congo Algeria Mali Gabon Burkina Faso Cameroon Ivory Coast Ghana Guinea Cape Verde Zambia Tunisia Senegal DR Congo  best third-place team Equatorial Guinea  automatically qualify as hosts	2013 Champion Nigeria bow out following 2-2 draw with South Africa Controversy over Guinea 's participation linked to Ebola outbreak Ivory Coast book their place DR Congo qualify as best third-place team
CNN  -- A New York teenager with a 7,000-a-month texting habit now has a lot more to text about . Brianna Hendrickson , 13 , of Brooklyn won this year 's LG U.S. National Texting Championship by accurately typing the phrase "  Old McDonald had a farm , Ei , ei , oh ! And on this farm he had a champ . W/a txtr here , and BFF there . Here a text , there a text , erywhere a text-text ! " in 60 seconds . Brianna took home $ 50,000 and will compete in the LG Text For Good Challenge , where she will have the chance to double her prize money and win an additional $ 50,000 for a charity of her choice , the technology company said . "  I was really nervous when I saw the final phrase and worried my fingers would n't be fast enough , " Brianna said . "  Hearing my name announced was amazing and shocking all at the same time . " The final showdown pitted Brianna against two other teenagers and 48 year-old Joanne Rach from Chicago , Illinois . Rach won LG 's national texting competition for parents and caregivers . Finalists who competed in New York City had already messaged their way through preliminary competition , such as on-site texting challenges at concerts , text alerts on TV shows or texting from online tournaments . They endured blindfolds , complex phrases and marathon texting during the competition this week . About 500,000 texters participated in preliminary rounds of the competition this year , LG said .	Brianna Hendrickson , 13 , of Brooklyn wins the texting title She can win more money for herself and charity during another challenge Contestants ' accuracy , speed and dexterity are tested
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Think of a bullwhip and fedora and one man immediately springs to mind : Indiana Jones , the sardonic archeologist played by Harrison Ford in Steven Spielberg 's '80s trilogy which started with "  Raiders of the Lost Ark. " "  If you learn how to talk I 'm in deep trouble , " quips Harrison Ford  right  to Vic Armstrong  left  on this photo which shows how similar the pair look . But if you were to venture on set during the filming of "  Raiders " hoping to catch a few moments with the star you might have had a surprise . The tall , rangy man in the dented hat signing autographs could just as easily have been Ford 's stunt double , Vic Armstrong . Back then , in the right light Armstrong could easily be mistaken for Ford -- both of them over six feet tall and bronzed with crinkly eyes . And it 's this that is at the root of his success as Indy 's "  fall guy . " In fact , Ford is a talented stuntman in his own right and Armstrong says that his biggest headache on set was trying to stop Ford from getting involved in action that was too risky . "  The biggest stunt I always say on the Indiana Jones films was stopping Harrison doing the stunts because I had to fight nearly every time to stop him , " Armstrong chuckles . An accomplished horseman  his first career choice was steeplechase jockey  , it 's Armstrong 's Indy you see galloping along in the stained khaki shirt and jumping from his horse onto a tank in "  The Last Crusade . " "  Technically very difficult , " Armstrong says , "  I had to rely on a horse , and horses have a sense of survival and they do n't actually do what you tell them to do as they have n't read the script . " It may have been his close resemblance to Ford that clinched the "  Raiders " job but the pair developed a rapport that led Armstrong to work on the other two installments of the trilogy , "  Temple of Doom " and "  The Last Crusade . " "  It always works better if you do have a relationship with -LSB- the actor -RSB- . You can mimic how they move , how they work when you coordinate fights for them like I did with Harrison , " Armstrong tells CNN . Armstrong was just 16 years old when he started in the stunt industry in 1965 . He utilised his horseriding skills to double as Gregory Peck in spy movie "  Arabesque . " He had to jump a huge moat and then fall off his mount but it was the simple lifestyle and travel that hooked young Armstrong -- "  Forty dollars a day and all you can eat . Fantastic living . " After over 40 years and countless movies , his filmography reads like a who 's who of Hollywood : he has doubled for Sean Connery , Donald Sutherland , John Voight and collaborated with directors like Ridley Scott , Paul Verhoeven , Michael Cimino and Sir Richard Attenborough . His work for three decades on classic Bond films like "  You Only Live Twice " and "  Live and Let Die " cemented his reputation as a stuntman who could pull off complicated of stunts with precision . "  The films I 've done I 've been very lucky to have been very prolific in an area and a time when iconic films were being made . "  My first stunt on a Bond film was in 1966 in the winter of "  You Only Live Twice " . I was one of the ninjas coming down firing guns into the volcano , which for me was sensational . " He doubled for Roger Moore in "  Live and Let Die " for a short while and was then propelled into working as a stunt coordinator and director of action units . Armstrong then added a superhero to his already impressive roster of action idols , standing in for Christopher Reeve in "  Superman . " Despite this , his allegiances lie solidly with cinema 's ` real ' heroes . "  If you look at "  Spiderman " and movies like that , or the "  Incredible Hulk , " they are far more computer-generated and so therefore slightly more cartoonish or video game-ish . "  My personal preference is for real action just enhanced or maybe helped by computers . We use computers to take away fall pads or wires if you 're getting snatched or thrown in the air . " And in the spirit of keeping it real , Armstrong has gone to great lengths to help stuntmen achieve their crazy feats as safely as possible . In the 1980s he modified a tool known as the "  fan descender " for the film "  Green Ice . " It would allow stuntmen to safely slow down when performing high freefalls . It revolutionized the stunt industry and in 2002 he was awarded a Science and Technology Academy Award for his invention -- the only one ever handed out to a stunt man . Earlier this year , he was honored by the Screen Actors Guild for his work on 2007 action horror "  I am Legend . " He has just finished work on "  The Mummy 3 " -- it was his prior commitment to this movie that stopped him working on the fourth Indy film "  Kingdom of the Crystal Skull " -- and is now stunt coordinating on the Weinstein production "  Shanghai . " Even after all this time , Armstrong , the authority on how to create a death defying stunt , still reckons Ford is the best stuntman actor he has ever worked with -- "  Harrison has to be the ultimate . " So why bother with a stunt double ? "  I was cheaper and it did n't matter if I got hurt . "	Vic Armstrong was Harrison Ford 's stunt double in the Indiana Jones movies His physical similarity to Ford is at the root of his success as Indy 's "  fall guy " After 40 years in the business , Armstrong is the authority on death defying stunts Armstrong on Ford as a stuntman actor : "  Harrison has to be the ultimate "
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- The cemetery was mazelike before the earthquake , but now it 's impossible to navigate , with many of the narrow passages blocked by rubble . It takes Vladimir Duthiers an hour to reach his destination . He steps over coffins that people have pulled out of old crypts and replaced with the earthquake 's dead . Some plaques have been spray-painted over : "  RIP January 12 , 2010 . " Skulls . Bones . Stench . Flies . In one crypt is a fresh body , covered sloppily with a gray blanket issued by an aid agency . A cardboard sign carries a name : Hilaire Nicaisse . Duthiers , 40 , has come to find his family 's crypt where , among others , the grandparents he never knew are buried . On this afternoon , the CNN production assistant wants to make sure no one had disturbed the peace of his ancestors and to learn as much as he can from dates and names that might be engraved in stone . News organizations such as CNN sent their Haitian employees to cover the nation 's national agony . And for those journalists , like Duthiers and colleague Edvige Jean-François , it was a bittersweet homecoming -- a chance to reconnect with roots amid heartbreak . This was hardly the way Duthiers had hoped to discover his homeland . Born and raised in a fractured immigrant home in New York , he grew up hearing snippets about his culture and ancestors . He had wanted to come here so many years ago , but his own career and political turmoil in Haiti got in the way . His longing was that of a child searching for his mother ; his determination like that of a mountaineer determined to conquer Everest . Duthiers was last in Haiti in 1980 . The next time he touched Haitian soil was with a CNN team that landed in the capital the day after the January 12 earthquake . In an instant , long-held images were gone . Everywhere he stepped , Duthiers found suffering . All he could do now was to visit his family grave site . Duthiers continues his snaking journey through the cemetery , recounting stories of his grandmother . Some , he admits , have probably grown to epic proportions over the years . But he wants to keep it that way . He heard that his grandmother , Jeanne Caillet , was a Sorbonne-educated journalist working in France between the great wars and was repeatedly jailed , and perhaps beaten , for her participation in the suffragist movement . The abuse broke her spirit . She returned to Haiti and died three days after giving birth to Duthiers ' father . Duthiers scales rubble , looking for markers that will lead him to Caillet . Then in section CB-26 , in front of a collapsed church , Duthiers falls to his knees before a crypt bearing his family name . It stands intact except for a few chunks that have fallen out here and there . He 's relieved . But what were the exact dates of his grandparents ' deaths ? When were they born ? What were their astrological signs ? He had hoped to discover all this from the gravestones , but information is sparse . "  This is as close as I 'll get to them , " he says , touching the grave . "  This is a little bit of heaven in the middle of hell . " He picks up a metal cross that has fallen to the ground . He thinks about placing it on the crypt , but then leaves it where it was . He could n't be sure it belonged to his family . Cosmic circumstances , he says , brought his family to this land that they loved . From Africa , France , the Dominican Republic . Ironically , he says , it is on this trip that he has begun to understand . "  They thought this was the place to be . Now I can feel what they felt , " he says . He says a last goodbye and makes his way back on sacred ground . It is time for Duthiers to accompany colleague Jean-François on her journey , so they go to another cemetery to find her father 's resting place . He had retired in the United States and moved back home to Port-au-Prince in 1996 . He died a year ago . Like Duthiers , Jean-François , 41 , arrived in Port-au-Prince the day after the quake . It was unbearable to see her beloved city flattened , to be near the tens of thousands who were dead or suffering . Now , toward the end of an arduous assignment , Jean-François has grown anxious . She can not leave without visiting her father 's grave , her parents ' home . She is afraid that if the grave has been disturbed , she will have to rebury him . But this cemetery , far from central Port-au-Prince , is untouched . "  It 's good to see it intact , " she says , gazing upward at a wall of crypts and counting six from the bottom to No. 2226 . White plastic flowers are tucked neatly in front . She was once in this place with her family at a ceremony for her father . "  It 's just the way it was a year ago , " she says , drying her tears . She feels an odd guilt for having spent time finding the dead when so many of the living are suffering . But she could not leave Haiti without visiting the man to whom she still talks to find strength . Duthiers and Jean-François make one last stop -- to the house in which her parents had planned to live out their days . After her father 's death , her mother has been spending much of her time in the United States . The white tiles are still sparkling . The neatly appointed bathrooms , never used . Jean-François meanders room to room , stumbling upon a rug still rolled up in its shipping material . And a box full of photographs . "  There I am -- my high school graduation , " she says . With that , the two make their way back to the hotel . They carry with them a message to visitors at the main Port-au-Prince cemetery , centuries of wisdom crudely painted above the main gate : "  Now is the time to think about yourself . "	CNN production assistant visits family crypt to check on damage , learn about his ancestors Colleague visits crypt to see her father 's resting place , then goes to parents ' home Both arrived in Port-au-Prince the day after the earthquake that devastated the city They face fear of damage to ancestral resting places , bear weight of suffering around them
Washington  CNN  -- A new report blasts Amtrak , the nation 's largest passenger rail carrier , for dangerously overlooking drug and alcohol use by its employees . The report released Thursday , an internal audit by Amtrak 's Office of Inspector General , says drug and alcohol use by employees has steadily risen since 2006 . The majority of employees who failed drug tests were reported to have tested positive for cocaine and marijuana , according to the report . Amtrak 's employees failed drug and alcohol tests at a staggering 51 % higher rate than the rail industry average , the report said . Amtrak officials estimate that they 've spent $ 1.5 million to screen employees in 2012 alone , but employees have exceeded industry averages failing drug tests in each of the past five years . Federal regulations requiring railroad companies to implement drug and alcohol testing were put in place after a deadly 1987 Amtrak collision with a freight train in Chase , Maryland . In that accident , investigators concluded that a Conrail freight train engineer was under the influence of marijuana and ran three signals before colliding with the passenger train , killing 16 . Employees in safety-sensitive positions are subject to closer federal regulatory scrutiny when it comes to drug and alcohol testing . But the inspector general 's report suggests that Amtrak officials have turned something of a blind eye toward enforcing its own policies for testing employees and complying with regulations . In a blistering criticism of the role senior management at Amtrak has played in its failure to curtail the problem , the inspector general noted , "  Amtrak 's current senior management 's lack of knowledge about the extent of drug and alcohol use , the lack of engagement in the program , and the limited response to  the Federal Railroad Administration 's  concerns about its physical observations raise serious questions about Amtrak 's commitment to controlling drug and alcohol use . " Officials are required to physically observe each employee for signs and symptoms of drug and alcohol use once every three months , on average , the report said . Amtrak is required to randomly perform drug testing on at least 25 % of its employees in safety sensitive positions and alcohol testing on at least 10 % of safety-sensitive positioned employees each year . Employees who are in safety-sensitive positions have maximum hours-of-service regulations and minimum off-duty hour requirements between shifts . Amtrak has more than 4,400 employees who meet those requirements , including locomotive engineers , conductors , train dispatchers , signal maintenance employees and mechanics . The report suggested a number of ways Amtrak could prevent employees from showing up to work drunk and on illegal drugs . The recommendations include increasing the frequency of drug and alcohol testing , reviewing results and comparing them to industry averages , demonstrating that drug and alcohol control is a priority for Amtrak senior management , improving the physical observation of employees and increased training of supervisors . Amtrak 's Office of Inspector General conducts and supervises audits , inspections , evaluations and investigations for the rail company . It provides reports to customers , the public and Congress . The Amtrak inspector general is responsible for preventing and detecting fraud , waste , abuse and reviewing security and safety policies in agency programs and operations . 2011 was a record year in terms of ridership for Amtrak . It carried nearly 30.2 million passengers , an average of more than 82,000 passengers on 300 trains daily . According to Amtrak , its ridership has increased in eight of the past nine years .	Inspector general 's report says Amtrak managers overlook substance abuse Amtrak workers fail tests at 51 % higher rate than industry average , report says Thousands in safety-sensitive positions are subject to stringent work regulations
Majuro , Marshall Islands  CNN  -- Jose Salvador Alvarenga , the mysterious castaway who turned up in the Marshall Islands last week , has been released from a hospital . He had been readmitted Thursday amid concerns that his health was deteriorating . Doctors reported that he was severely dehydrated , running low on vitamins and suffering from swollen legs . Alvarenga , whose tale of surviving 13 months adrift in the Pacific Ocean has prompted fascination and skepticism , left the hospital Friday and is now staying at a hotel in Majuro , the capital of the island chain . Hospital officials did n't provide an update on his condition . But Dr. Franklin House , a retired American medic working at the hospital who has spent time with Alvarenga , said he was concerned about the state of the castaway 's kidneys . Alvarenga , an El Salvadoran who had been living in Mexico before he got lost at sea , washed ashore in the Marshall Islands more than a week ago . Earlier this week , his condition improved enough for him to be released from the hospital . What you should know about his journey But after his health took a turn for the worse Thursday , plans for his repatriation to El Salvador have now been postponed . House , who is not Alvarenga 's treating physician , said the castaway had complained to him of kidney pain since his arrival at the hospital . The 78-year-old doctor , who speaks Spanish , said he suspects that Alvarenga is suffering from scurvy as a result of his poor diet and that edemas are causing the swelling and pain in his legs . Alvarenga has said that he survived during his months at sea by eating raw fish and turtles . He says he relied on rainwater and urine for fluids . When the doctor spoke with the castaway , he noticed that his fingers were stiff and he moved his hands slowly . Alvarenga complained of pain in his joints , knees and ankles , House said . The first time House saw Alvarenga in the emergency room , his legs were hard and his skin was leathery . But when he returned to the hospital this week , his legs had changed to swollen , and his skin was tender and red , he said . The doctor 's assumption is that the castaway is recovering , but that it is a process that will take weeks , not days . House also believes that Alvarenga is suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder . Official : His story is probable Alvarenga 's claims have garnered widespread skepticism about how he could survive for 13 months adrift in the Pacific . But from what officials can tell , they have no reason to doubt him . "  The investigations into Mr. Alvarenga 's story so far have been substantiated , " Phillip Muller , the Marshall Islands ' foreign affairs minister , said Thursday . Christian Clay-Mendoza , a Mexican diplomat working on Alvarenga 's case , said that the castaway was an undocumented worker in Mexico , but that "  what he has said to us about his identity , so far , has been true . " "  The main question now is how long was he at sea , " he said . Clay-Mendoza said "  it 's probable " that Alvarenga did get lost at sea starting in December 2012 , as the castaway has claimed . If Alvarenga 's story proves true , the trip across the Pacific would have taken him across roughly 6,600 miles  10,800 kilometers  of open ocean before ending in the Marshall Islands , about halfway between Hawaii and Australia , in the northern Pacific . The other man Alvarenga says he set off on a fishing trip from the port of Paredon Viejo , Mexico , near the southern coastal city of Tonala . He said he and another man intended to spend a day trying to catch sharks , but they were blown off course by winds and then got caught in a storm , eventually losing use of their engines . Bellarmino Rodriguez Beyz , the owner of Alvarenga 's boat in Mexico , identified the fishing partner as 23-year-old Ezequiel Cordova . Alvarenga said that four weeks into their drift , his companion died of starvation because he refused to eat raw birds and turtles . Eventually , he threw the body overboard . "  What else could I do ? " Alvarenga said . A grieving family Back in the Mexican village of El Fortin , Cordova 's family is inconsolable . More than a year after the young man went missing , his mother is grieving his death . "  The pain is so great , I ca n't explain it , " Cordova 's mother said . "  Losing a child is the hardest thing to bear in life . " Cordova 's brother said the 23-year-old took care of his family -- and that 's why he became a fisherman , in hopes of earning a better livelihood . "  My brother was kind , he was responsible for my mother , " he said . "  In fact , he worked in the sea because of her . He wanted to improve himself . He did n't want to be poor , like us . " Now that Cordova 's mother knows her son is dead , she wants answers . "  As a mother , I demand the authorities allow me to talk to the survivor , " she said . "  Only in that way will I know what happened , and what he did with the body of my son . I deserve to know the truth . " Suzanne Chutaro and Jack Niedenthal reported from Majuro , Marshall Islands ; Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Holly Yan and Nick Parker also contributed to this report .	The castaway is now staying at a hotel in the island chain 's capital He had returned to a hospital after fresh worries about his health An American doctor who has spent time with him is concerned about his kidneys Jose Salvador Alvarenga said he was lost at sea for 13 months
CNN  The combination is lethal and becoming all too familiar : a long criminal record , easy access to weapons , a loathing of the countries where they were born and deep-seated anti-Semitism . So it was with the perpetrators of the Paris attacks . Now , it appears to fit the description of the man who killed two people in Denmark at the weekend . Danish police describe him as 22 years of age , born in Denmark , with a violent past , connections with gangs and weapons offenses . Jens Madsen , head of the Danish Security and Intelligence Service  PET  , said investigators were "  operating under a theory " the attack could have been inspired by last month 's attacks in Paris , which were also aimed at cartoonists . Carsten Ellegaard Christensen , national security reporter at the Danish newspaper Jyllands Posten , told CNN the gunman was on the radar of Danish police and PET for gang-related activity but not extremism , according to his security sources . The gunman had recently spent time in jail for a knife attack . "  There is a closer nexus between immigrant criminal gangs and violent extremists in Denmark than anywhere else , " says Magnus Ranstorp of the Swedish National Defence College . "  This interface makes violent extremists more dangerous as they are able to switch between roles and skill-sets and have easier access to illicit weapons on the underground market . " The so-called "  Nordic biker war " of the 1990s saw gang members in Denmark and Sweden attack each other with automatic weapons , grenades , and explosive devices . Morten Storm , a former Danish jihadist , moved from being part of a biker gang to Islamist extremism to spying for Western intelligence . He says that belonging to gangs and extremist groups had made him feel he belonged to a "  band of brothers . " In 2012 , a convicted drug trafficker and gang leader -- known as Big A -- traveled to Syria to take up arms against the Assad regime . His real name was Abderozzak Benarabe . The subject of a TV documentary last year by Nagieb Khaja , Benarabe returned to Copenhagen where he allegedly raised some $ 75,000 for the cause . He is now in prison after conviction on aggravated assault charges unrelated to terrorism . There is a long history of jihadist activism in Denmark , and intelligence officials believe at least 110 Danes , both converts to Islam and Muslims since birth , have traveled to Syria and Iraq . Some estimates put the number as high as 200 . At least 16 Danes have been killed in Syria and Iraq , according to PET , including 2 women . Last year , ISIS claimed several Danish suicide bombers had carried out attacks in Iraq , including Abu Khattab al Denmarki , said to have carried out an attack in Diyala province , and Abu Sa'ad al Denmarki , who detonated a car bomb close to an Iraqi military convoy near Mosul . It is believed as many as 70 Danish nationals have returned from Syria to Denmark . Within Denmark , according to PET 's latest assessment , there are "  people who sympathize with militant Islamism , but have not been in the conflict zone . " They may be "  inspired by individuals or groups in the conflict zone or elsewhere abroad , " a danger heightened by Denmark 's participation in the international coalition against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . Recent postings on jihadist forums have singled out Denmark as a target . One entitled "  O Lone Wolves , You who Reside Among the Infidels , Your Turn has Come , " and posted last month , urged "  sons of Islam , in Europe , America , Australia , France , and Denmark " to "  light fires beneath their feet . " "  Developments in the Middle East in general , including in the Israeli/Palestinian conflict , increase the threat of attack in the West against Israeli or Jewish targets , " PET warned . A number of jihadist conspiracies in Denmark have been foiled in recent years , but early in 2013 a man tried to shoot the writer Lars Hedegaard , a prominent critic of Islam , at his home in Copenhagen . Hedegaard was not injured , but his assailant escaped on foot . Among scores of Danish jihadists to have traveled overseas in recent years was Mustapha Darwich Ramadan , who had spent time in prison for armed robbery in the 1990s . He eventually traveled to Iraq where he joined al Qaeda . Ramadan took part in the beheading of the American Nick Berg in 2004 before being killed fighting U.S. forces in Fallujah . Much more recently , according to Flashpoint Partners , a group that tracks jihadist activity , a Danish national called Abu Ikramah Al-Pakistani was killed in Anbar Province , Iraq . He was not the first to make the journey . In August 2013 , a group of Danes in Syria released a video in which they fired at pictures of six Danish "  kuffar attacking Islam " -- among them Anders Fogh Rasmussen , the Secretary-General of NATO , Morten Storm , and the cartoonist Kurt Westergaard . Denmark has been the focus of militants ' anger since the newspaper Jyllands Posten published Westergaard 's cartoon of the Prophet Mohammed in 2005 . In an edition of its online magazine , Inspire , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula called for the murder of Westergaard -- as well as Carsten Luste , the editor of the paper when the cartoons were published , and Lars Vilks , the Swedish cartoonist who was attending the free speech forum in Copenhagen that was attacked at the weekend . Westergaard is under police protection in Denmark after a conspiracy to murder him was uncovered in 2008 , and a 28-year old Somali believed to have ties to Al-Shabaab tried to kill him in 2010 . In 2012 , three Swedish nationals and a Tunisian resident of Sweden were found guilty of targeting Jyllands Posten in an al Qaeda plot . Prosecutors accused the four suspects of planning a gun attack on the newspaper , to be followed by "  the execution " of hostages . They had been tracked from Sweden and arrested in Copenhagen in a joint operation between Swedish and Danish intelligence . Denmark has a large immigrant population from the Muslim world -- including Palestinians , Turks , Somalis , Bosnians , Moroccans and Tunisians . While the vast majority have integrated peacefully , a small fraction of "  second generation " immigrants -- as in France -- have adopted militant Salafism , especially in Odense , Aaarhus and parts of the capital . In 2010 , one counterterrorism expert , Michael Taarnby , told CNN that out of Denmark 's population of some 18,000 Somalis , there were at least 300 sympathizers of Al-Shabaab , the jihadist group in Somalia that is now an affiliate of al Qaeda . "  Those attracted are usually quite young -- there 's the usual issue of a clash of cultures , of being stuck between east Africa and Scandinavia and not knowing where they belong , " Taarnby told CNN . That clash of cultures threatens to shed more blood on the streets of Europe 's major cities .	Denmark has a long history of jihadist activism Denmark has a large immigrant population from the Muslim world As many as 70 Danish nationals may have returned from Syria to Denmark
CNN  -- Despite periodic violence and continued unresolved issues , Sudan 's president on Sunday authorized the reopening of all border crossings with South Sudan , state news reported . President Omar al-Bashir ordered the reopening of all passages -- by land , water and air -- between his African nation and its newly independent neighbor South Sudan , the official Sudan News Agency  SUNA  reported . The president met Sunday with Foreign Minister Ali Ahmad Karti and Mutrif Sadiq , Sudan 's recently appointed ambassador to South Sudan , to ask his help in carrying out the directives and make normalizing relations between the two countries a priority . Sadiq said after the meeting that he had been instructed by the president "  to work together with the concerned authorities " to reopen the borders , SUNA reported . Sudan was embroiled in a bloody two-decade civil war that ended with a peace agreement in 2005 . A referendum six years later led to South Sudan 's secession , which became official in July 2011 . The two nations , however , have remained at odds since then on a number of hot-button issues . Their leaders have faced international pressure , from the likes of the United Nations and the African Union , to resolve their disputes and come to a lasting agreement . They made some headway toward that end late last month -- though the deal they reached failed to address a number of disputes . Sudan , South Sudan reach partial agreement During talks in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa , al-Bashir and South Sudan 's President Salva Kiir agreed to resume oil exports and set up a demilitarized zone , as well as principles related to border demarcation . Yet they could not reach a deal on the status of Abyei , a disputed region claimed by both countries , which has been a contentious issue since the South declared independence on July 9 of last year . The partial agreement was applauded by , among others , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and U.S. President Barack Obama . Photos : South Sudan 's gun culture Sudan and South Sudan have been under increasing pressure from the African Union and Security Council to resolve the matter peacefully . In April , Sudan and South Sudan slipped close to all-out war with a series of tit-for-tat air raids and ground attacks that prompted the African Union and Security Council to push the two sides to act . Still , the recent political progress has not stopped violence in the region . Peacekeepers die in Darfur attack Last week , four peacekeepers with the African Union-United Nations Mission in Sudan 's Darfur region were killed and eight injured in an ambush by unidentified attackers . UNAMID Force Commander and officer-in-charge Lt. Gen. Patrick Nyamvumba condemned what he called a "  criminal attack , " demanding Sudan 's government "  bring the perpetrators to justice . " Sudan military plane crash kills 15 Supermodel 's South Sudan homecoming CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Sudan 's president OKs the opening of all borders with newly independent South Sudan The two nations have been at odds on a number of issues , including their border Al-Bashir tells his ambassador normalizing relations is a priority , state news reports
CNN  -- "  Sorry -- the sun is shining so I 've gone to sleep on a hill . " When Alastair Humphreys leaves an "  out of office " note , it 's for real . But these days , the Briton -- who once left his parents ' house and came back four years later after cycling around the world -- is finding adventure closer to home . "  Originally I wanted to test myself , to see what I was capable of physically and mentally , and I suppose I wanted to try to make my mark for myself and on the world , " he tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  Now it 's just more the curiosity of going to new places and the simplicity of life when you 're out on an expedition , and the contrast of the life out in the wild to the real world back home -- the urban , busy , hectic life which I also enjoy . " So instead of trekking across India , running 150 miles through the Sahara in a week , rowing the Atlantic Ocean , or sledding through the freezing Arctic vistas of Greenland , now the 37-year-old is more likely to be leading a group of city slickers into the British wilderness -- and back in time for work on Monday morning . "  To be able to leave London on the train , travel just for 40 minutes , climb up a big hill to a beautiful woodland , be surrounded by birdsong and fresh air and silence and just enjoy being out here , " he says . "  To cook on an open fire , sleep out underneath the stars , then wake up , smelling of smoke a little bit , a little disheveled perhaps , jump on the train , back into London , ready for another day at work , having had a real adventurous experience . " Humphreys , who grew up near the natural splendor of the Yorkshire Dales in northern England , was a latecomer to adventuring . It was n't until he got to university that the travel bug bit . "  I was n't particularly an athletic or sporty child and I started to get into running up mountains , marathons , pushing myself harder , " he says . "  That 's when I came up with the idea of trying to cycle around the world . Just after I finished university , I jumped on my bike with very little experience , no sponsors and no real likelihood of success and I waved goodbye to all my friends and family . " Four years later , he 'd cycled 46,000 miles through 60 countries and five continents -- on a budget of just $ 10,000 . Since then he 's tackled more specific challenges on sand , snow and sea , all the while seeking to push his boundaries . "  I deliberately choose projects that I 'm not an expert at and so everything I do , I begin quite intimidated , quite daunted , quite worried -- worried about failing , total disaster , " Humphreys says . "  I do n't really like finishing expeditions . Once I finish something and I know I can do it , I lose interest really and I start to think about what might be next . " Although his trips are physically grueling -- he was cycling 120 miles a day by the end of his global journey -- Humphreys says the main challenges are mental . "  Most trips I do , there 's usually some point during it when I just sit down , often just burst into tears and just think , ' I ca n't do this . ' If I just persuade myself to get up and keep going for a little bit longer , then I do it -- and I think that 's the real appeal of adventure and certainly one of the addictive sides to it , " he says . "  It 's the realization that you 're capable of more than you ever imagined . It 's also a bit of a Pandora 's Box -- you open up and think , "  Wow , if I did that , what can I do next ? " I 'm not sure there 's an end point . " While he loves the solitude of being alone in the great outdoors , Humphreys also appreciates being able to share the experience -- as he did with two friends when they went to Greenland in 2012 . "  It 's an amazing moment to stand there and watch the plane fly away and be left in total silence , no-one around for hundreds of hundreds of miles , " he recalls . "  It 's very cold , you 're trying to operate camera equipment , temperatures minus 20 , minus 30 -- really hard fiddly work , freezing cold fingers . We were putting in long days , pulling the sledge for long , long days . "  We were trying to push ourselves as hard as we could and also you 're trying to build up a relationship -- you know the guys are mentally worrying , ` Am I slowing them down ? Are they slowing me down ? ' "  The physical exhaustion of trying to do it -- it takes hours to try to melt enough water to drink for the day , so it 's a grinding daily routine . " While early 20th century explorers such as Ernest Shackleton and Robert Scott were discovering uncharted territories , Humphreys concedes that modern adventures mostly provide more personal achievements . "  The phrase ` pointless but meaningful ' is one that I really like to view my adventures through because in one sense , cycling around the world , or walking across a desert or skiing in some ice cap in Greenland is pointless these days -- we have technology and vehicles that do it far more efficiently , " he says . "  We 're not actually doing anything of ` use ' in the most literal sense and yet there 's definitely something that to me feels meaningful . Adventure has added so much to my life -- knowledge of the world , knowledge of myself , perspective and balance about the modern world that I live in back home . " In 2012 , he was named National Geographic 's Adventurer of the Year after a series of mini-expeditions around Britain , and has written extensively about his experiences . And it 's this understanding of how we fit into the world that he hopes his microadventures will give to people weary of the city rat race . "  Microadventures are my attempt to try to help normal people in the real world get the enjoyment out of adventures that I 've had over many years , " Humphreys explains . "  I wanted to get the essence of adventure , the wilderness , the challenge , the escape from urban life , all these things that are really important to me , and condense them down into something small and achievable for normal people with real lives . "  You can escape -- if only for one night -- and find nature , wilderness , a bit of peace and then go back to your normal life with a slightly shifted perspective . " So get working on your own "  out of office " message now , there 's a whole world to explore .	Alastair Humphreys is an adventurer who cycled around the world with no experience He has also run across Sahara , rowed Atlantic Ocean and skied in Greenland ice cap The 37-year-old was National Geographic "  Adventurer of the Year " in 2012 He is now focusing on "  microadventure " business closer to home in Britain
CNN  -- Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar has brought down the curtain on his record-breaking one-day international career , confirming his retirement on Sunday . The "  Little Master , " who has thrilled fans since he first made his debut as a raw 16-year-old back in 1989 , scored an astonishing 49 centuries in the 50-over game . The 39-year-old is the world 's leading run scorer in one-day cricket , hitting 18,426 runs from his 463 matches at an average of 44.83 . Tendulkar was a key part of the India team which won the 2011 World Cup in his home city of Mumbai . His final one-day appearance came on March 18 in which he scored 52 during the six-wicket win over Pakistan at the Asia Cup . Tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred It was in his penultimate innings that he reached his 100th international century , a total which includes both one-day and Test match cricket , following a knock of 114 against Bangladesh . Previously , at the age of 36 , he scored the first double-century in the 50-over format since the first one-dayer was played in January 1971 , hitting an unbeaten 200 against South Africa . But following a poor Test series against England , in which he made just one half-century and averaged 18.66 , Tendulkar says India must build for the future . ` Blessed ' "  I have decided to retire from the one-day format of the game , " he said in a statement . "  I feel blessed to have fulfilled the dream of being part of a World Cup winning Indian team  in 2011  . "  I am eternally grateful to all my well-wishers for their unconditional support and love over the years . " No decision has yet been made over whether Tendulkar will continue to play the five-day format following his disappointing performances during India 's series defeat by England this month . Tendulkar has scored a record 15,645 runs in 194 matches at an average of 54.32 with 51 centuries and remains a hero around the world to cricket fans . ` Unbeatable ' records Former India skipper Krishnamachari Srikkanth told reporters that Tendulkar 's records will never be matched . "  I am surprised by his move but he is leaving ODI cricket on a high , " he said . "  I am sure he will want to leave on a high in Test cricket also . He will be looking forward to a good Test series against Australia . His records can not be surpassed . " Former captain Sourav Ganguly added : "  I felt that he might have played on , but it is his decision and I think it is right . "  There was a doubt on whether he would play ODI cricket or not . But I am not surprised by his decision . He has done what he thought was right . "	Sachin Tendulkar has quit one-day international cricket at the age of 39 . The ` Little Master ' scored 49 centuries during his one-day career and 96 fifties . He scored 18,426 runs at an average of 44.83 , his highest score an unbeaten 200 against South Africa in 2010 . Tendulkar was part of the India team which won the World Cup on home soil in 2011
CNN  -- An NBC sports announcer was playing the classic game of spot-celebrities-in-the-stands during the gold medal Olympics match in men 's basketball when this happened : "  I know I 'm gon na put that picture on Facebook , " Bob Fitzgerald said as the camera showed a young man with curly hair and a red hat , according to a video posted on the blog Deadspin . "  We 've got every executive of note , it seems , worldwide , attending these Games . " The problem : The man in the audience was n't Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg . It was the actor , Jesse Eisenberg , who played him in the Academy Award-winning movie "  The Social Network . " Olympics viewers outraged after NBC cuts away Oops , right ? Well , the Internet wo n't quite let a gaffe like that pass without some dissection . "  Hey ball announcer : that was Jesse Eisenberg who played Marc Zuckerberg in a movie . He did n't create Facebook . #Olympics #NBCfail " one user , Mike Sigmond , wrote on Twitter . "  The Eisenberg Principle - When you are absolutely certain that you 're looking at Mark Zuckerberg but it 's really Jesse Einsenberg . #NBCFail , " wrote Sandy Sternshein . Another wrote that it was a "  buzzerbeater #NBCFail for the Olympics . " It was just another reason to revive what has been the omnipresent #NBCFail hashtag during the London Games . That meme mostly has been used by Americans who have loved to complain about the fact that many of the 2012 Olympic events were shown in the United States on a tape delay . But maybe there 's something a little more interesting going on here : Sports announcers make mistakes all the time . Sure , it 's live TV . But in the same way that the comedian Tina Fey sort of became Sarah Palin during the 2008 U.S. presidential race , Eisenberg became a sort of stand-in for Zuckerberg 's real persona , particularly right after that movie debuted .  To make things all the more confusing , the pair appeared together on Saturday Night Live . At the time , at least , some people seemed to know the fictional Zuck better than the real thing . Or perhaps that 's still the case . The man who started #NBCFail on Twitter	NBC sportscaster appears to mistake ` Social Network ' actor for Mark Zuckerberg A Deadspin video shows actor Jesse Eisenberg at an Olympic basketball match Announcer : "  I know I 'm gon na put that picture on Facebook " "  We 've got every executive of note , it seems , worldwide , attending these Games , " he says
CNN  -- Jes Baker is cutting retailer Abercrombie & Fitch down to size . Baker , who blogs under the name "  The Militant Baker " and wears a size 22 , changed the brand 's A&F logo to "  Attractive & Fat " in a mock , black-and-white Abercrombie ad to challenge the line 's branding efforts . The photos come as a provocative response to contentious comments Abercrombie CEO Mike Jeffries made in a 2006 Salon article about the multibillion-dollar brand 's target audience . "  In every school there are the cool and popular kids , and then there are the not-so-cool kids , " Jeffries said . "  Candidly , we go after the cool kids . We go after the attractive all-American kid with a great attitude and a lot of friends . A lot of people do n't belong -LSB- in our clothes -RSB- , and they ca n't belong . Are we exclusionary ? Absolutely . " The divisive remarks resurfaced earlier this month after a series of protests went viral , from Greg Karber 's video of himself giving homeless people Abercrombie clothing to a Change.org petition for larger sizes by a teenage eating disorder survivor . The plus-size community particularly took umbrage to the CEO 's business model because the retailer currently does not offer clothes above size 10 or large for women . "  I challenge the separation of attractive and fat , and I assert that they are compatible regardless of what you believe , " Baker , 26 , wrote in a public letter addressed to the CEO . Jeffries has since apologized in a statement : "  While I believe this 7-year-old , resurrected quote has been taken out of context , I sincerely regret that my choice of words was interpreted in a manner that has caused offense . " Baker spoke to CNN about Jeffries ' comments and her motivations to address them . The interview has been edited for clarity and brevity . CNN : You start your letter with a preface that Jeffries ' opinion "  is n't shocking ; millions share the same sentiment . " The comments are from 2006 -- what motivated you to act on them ? Jes Baker : It really was n't upset or outrage at all . I 've been an art major for the majority of my academic life , and so I am always trying to find opportunities to do something artistic . I just thought we do n't see the juxtaposition of typical and atypical bodies in advertising specifically . Since I am a woman and I am fat and that 's what I have to work with , I wanted to show that contrast by finding a male model . Really , it just came because I wanted to not be angry about it . I wanted to not say , "  This is an outrage , I 've never heard of this before , " but say , "  OK , well , look at this . Look at how awesome this is . " And , I think when you 're talking about really serious subjects , and this is kind of serious , it 's important to be a little bit cheeky and pull in a little bit of humor so that it 's approachable -- and it worked . CNN : In your letter , you credit Jeffries with creating "  an incredible opportunity for social change . " What did you mean by that ? Baker : In the body-positive world , which is still a subculture , fashion for fat people -- what they call "  fatshion " -- is a really big political statement . So is the concept of , for example , a fat person walking around wearing cut-off shorts and not apologizing for their body being so observable . Being positive and having confidence is a huge deal . Through a very , very large company that deals with fashion and also deals with unrealistic body images , it 's a perfect opportunity . You 're bringing in fashion , you 're bringing in body consciousness in general , you 're bringing in kids who shop at the mall -- it 's all these wonderful things combined in one opportunity . CNN : Have you always been comfortable in your own body ? Baker : No , no , no . I think of all of us , to some certain extent , feel the same things . I was crippled from shame my entire life . Only in this last year have I been so dedicated to this journey of learning how to survive bad days and find wanted days . If anyone tells you they have 100 % good days , they 're probably lying . I have 26 years to undo and rewire and I 'm still working on it , but it 's definitely a very conscious decision . And writing has really helped , as well . CNN : The response has obviously been huge . Baker : It 's wonderful . I 'm sure there are negatives , but for every negative , there are 20 positives . The most powerful part is saying there is a reality that you can exist in where you 're OK , and it does n't make you gullible or delusional , it makes you strong . For a lot of people , it 's just a light bulb . I know I had one where I said "  What ? I do n't have to live in self-loathing for the rest of my life ? " People are entertaining the idea that maybe there is a piece of self-worth for them out there somewhere . And once it starts , it grows . CNN : Let 's talk about the actual photo shoot . Were you nervous ? Baker : I had never met the model until that day . I credit the majority of this to the photographer , Liora , because she really made it come to life . He was the most genuine , down-to-earth person . It was so much fun . In the beginning , I was nervous , but mostly because I had never modeled with other people . I have done solo fashion modeling , but never with another person and never in a sexual manner -- so it was a really interesting experiment . CNN : Have you heard from Jeffries or Abercrombie & Fitch ? Baker : No , I did n't write this letter technically for them . I like to not invest a lot of my time in people who are dedicated to misunderstanding me . What I wanted to do is reach women who look and feel like me . We never see this pairing ; we never see a fat woman in a positive light . I want to empower the individual woman . When Mike Jeffries is gone , there 's going to be another company . It 's not about the extra-large shirts at Abercrombie ; it 's about teaching the world that everybody is equal in value . Follow Sarah LeTrent on Twitter and CNN Living on Facebook What do you think of Baker 's spoof ads and Jeffries ' comments ? Share your opinion in the comments section below .	Comments made by Abercrombie & Fitch 's CEO offended some consumers "  Militant Baker " blogger Jes Baker spoofed the retailer 's ads by making her own The blogger says plus-sized women like her get short shrift from retailers Baker says women and men can be "  attractive and fat , " so retailers should take notice
CNN  -- Alex Ferguson has endured many highs and lows in his 25 years at Manchester United , so perhaps it was fitting that Saturday 's much-anticipated anniversary celebration featured some of both extremes . The Scot is the most successful manager in British football , and his status as the longest-serving one in United 's history was cemented when the English Premier League champions renamed the biggest stand at Old Trafford in his honor . It is the first time in the ground 's 101 years that a section has been named after an individual . Club officials have also commissioned an award-winning Scottish sculptor , Philip Jackson , to build a statue of the 69-year-old to be erected outside the stand 's entrance next year . "  I was really emotional . I could n't believe it . I did n't expect that . I have to thank the club , it 's fantastic of them to do that , " Ferguson told reporters after the nervy 1-0 victory over Sunderland . United he stands : The real Alex Ferguson The match was won thanks to an own-goal by former United defender Wes Brown just before halftime , and kept United in second place in the table -- five points behind local rivals Manchester City , who battled to a 3-2 win at Queens Park Rangers in the late kickoff . Sunderland , managed by Steve Bruce -- whose headed goal against Sheffield Wednesday gave Ferguson his first of 12 English titles in the inaugural 1992-93 Premier League season -- almost spoiled the celebrations . Referee Lee Mason awarded the visitors a penalty in the 68th minute when his linesman Jake Collin flagged that young United defender Phil Jones had handled the ball , but then overturned the decision . "  That last 15 minutes was torture , " Ferguson said . "  I 'd have been quite happy if the whistle had gone at halftime when we were 1-0 up . Sunderland threw everything at us and played very well in that last 15 minutes . " Ferguson said the week 's hype may have got to his team . "  It was an anxious day for the players . I think they showed that . They wanted to do well for me , " he said . "  These occasions can be a wee bit like that . I remember the 50th anniversary of the Munich air disaster and we lost 2-0 to Manchester City . That got to the players that day . Maybe it happened a little bit today . " Bruce was at United for nine years as a player , but has yet to beat his former boss in 17 attempts as a manager . "  He welcomed me in with a great glass of wine and said , ` Unlucky again ' . I 'll be his age before I get a result here , " Bruce said . "  But I have to say the tribute , naming the stand after him -- I 've never known anything at Manchester United kept a secret . It 's quite remarkable and fitting , too . "  I said to him maybe he 's taken his finger off the pulse because he did n't know what was going on ! " However , Manchester City showed that United have a real challenge to add to Ferguson 's long list of trophies after coming from behind the first time in the league this season to beat a QPR side that has already defeated Chelsea . Roberto Mancini 's men crushed Villarreal 3-0 in the Champions League in midweek , but went behind in the 28th minute when striker Jay Bothroyd headed in Joey Barton 's free-kick . Edin Dzeko leveled two minutes before halftime with his 10th league goal this season , with the Bosnia striker cutting inside defender Anton Ferdinand -- who is at the center of the racism allegations aimed at Chelsea 's England captain John Terry -- and slotted in a low shot . City 's playmaker David Silva showed his customary sublime control to take Dzeko 's low cross and fire in at the near post seven minutes after the break , but QPR leveled on 69 when Bothroyd 's header hit teammate Heidar Helguson in the back and deflected past wrongfooted goalkeeper Joe Hart . Yaya Toure followed up Wednesday 's goal in Spain with another crucial strike as the Ivory Coast midfielder leaped high to head the 74th-minute winner , leaving promoted QPR in 12th place . Newcastle 's impressive run continued with a 2-1 win at home to Everton that kept Alan Pardew 's team three points clear of fourth-placed Chelsea . An own-goal from Everton defender Johnny Heitinga and a superb long-range shot from fullback Ryan Taylor put Newcastle 2-0 ahead by the half hour , while Jack Rodwell reduced the deficit in time added on at the end of the first period . Chelsea , still awaiting the outcome of the investigation into Terry 's alleged comments by both police and the English FA , bounced back from two successive league defeats with a 1-0 victory at struggling Blackburn . Midfielder Frank Lampard scored his sixth goal this campaign to leave the home side in the bottom three , with defender Terry starting after being rested for the 1-1 European draw with Belgian side Genk on Tuesday . Liverpool missed the chance to move above fifth-placed Tottenham -- who travel to Fulham on Sunday -- after being held 0-0 by mid-table Swansea . Striker Andy Carroll hit the bar as Kenny Dalglish 's team dropped points at home for the third match in a row , while the promoted Welsh side moved to 10th place . Arsenal joined Spurs and Liverpool on 19 points after a 3-0 win at home to West Brom , again inspired by Robin van Persie . The Dutchman responded to being named as a substitute in the midweek 0-0 draw with Marseille by scoring his league-leading 11th goal this season from close range in the 22nd minute . He then set up defender Thomas Vermaelen six minutes before halftime , and was involved in Mikel Arteta 's 74th-minute strike as Arsene Wenger 's team notched a fifth successive league victory . Aston Villa moved up to eighth on 15 points with a 3-2 victory at home to Norwich , which lifted Alex McLeish 's team above the promoted visitors . Villa came from behind as Darren Bent canceled out Anthony Pilkington 's 25th-minute opener , and Gabriel Agbonlahor pounced on a defensive error before setting up his strike partner 's second goal on 62 -- which made Steve Morison 's late effort a consolation for ninth-placed City .	Manchester United manager honored by renaming of club 's main stand Alex Ferguson celebrates 25 years at Old Trafford with win over Sunderland United five points behind league leaders Manchester City , who beat QPR 3-2 Newcastle in third place after 2-1 win at home to struggling Blackburn
Washington  CNN  -- America 's drug war in Afghanistan is failing badly , according to a new report from a U.S. government watchdog . Afghan farmers are growing record bumper crops of opium poppies , an unprecedented 209,000 hectares in 2013 , according to a report issued Tuesday by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction . This despite various U.S. agencies spending $ 7.6 billion to try to stop narcotics production in Afghanistan . Afghanistan is the source of 80 % of the world 's illegal opium , the U.S. government says , yielding $ 3 billion in sales in 2013 , up from $ 2 billion from the year earlier . According to the report , a big chunk of that money funds the insurgency and terrorism . "  The recent record-high level of poppy cultivation calls into question the long-term effectiveness and sustainability of those prior efforts , " the report by the SIGAR office says . "  Given the severity of the opium problem and its potential to undermine U.S. objectives in Afghanistan , I strongly suggest that your departments consider the trends in opium cultivation and the effectiveness of past counternarcotics efforts when planning future initiatives . " The report says the 209,000 hectares record in 2013 , surpasses the previous mark of 193,000 of opium poppy grown in 2007 . The report relies on figures from the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime . The inspector general report says that areas that were once models for successful counterinsurgency and counternarcotics efforts are now booming poppy producers . The report cites Nangarhar province in eastern Afghanistan , which the UN declared "  poppy-free " in 2008 , but saw a fourfold increase in opium poppy production between 2012-2013 . The inspector general sent the report to the State , Defense and Justice departments , whose agencies fund various anti-drug efforts in Afghanistan . The State Department called the findings "  disappointing , " but blamed the increase in opium poppy production on shifts in the Afghan government 's own security efforts . The Pentagon asked the inspector general to remove Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel from receiving the report because the military plays a secondary role to other U.S. government agencies in thwarting drug production in Afghanistan . "  In our opinion , the failure to reduce poppy cultivation and increase eradication is due to the lack of Afghan government support for the effort , " Michael Lumpkin , assistant secretary of defense wrote to the inspector general . "  Poverty , corruption , the terrorism nexus to the narcotics trade , and access to alternative livelihood opportunities that provide an equal or greater profit than poppy cultivation are all contributors to the Afghan drug problem . "	Afghanistan has kept growing bumper crops of opium poppies , providing 80 % of the world 's illegal opium supply . The report comes Tuesday from the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction . U.S. agencies have spent $ 7.6 billion to stop narcotics production in the Middle Eastern country . The State Department blames Afghanistan 's security efforts for not controlling the spread .
Seoul  CNN  -- A helicopter carrying emergency workers involved in the Sewol ferry disaster operations crashed Thursday in a South Korean city , fire officials said , leaving five dead and one injured . The helicopter came down in an urban area in the southwestern city of Gwangju , according to Gwangju and Gangwon Fire Headquarters . Video footage from the scene showed what appeared to be the aircraft 's wreckage blazing on a city sidewalk near a stop light , with high-rise buildings only yards away . The firefighters and rescue personnel on board were on their way home after spending the past four days supporting the search of the ferry , an official with Gangwon Fire Headquarters said . At least 292 people , including more than 200 high school students , died after the ferry sank in April . Eleven people remain missing . The dead included two pilots , two rescue workers , and one mechanic , the official said . The helicopter crashed after taking off from a refueling stop at a Gwangju airport . The cause of the incident is not yet known . The Sewol ferry was headed from Incheon to Jeju island on April 16 when it capsized . Most of the passengers were high school students on a field trip . CNN 's KJ Kwon reported from Seoul ; Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London	The helicopter was carrying firefighters and rescue personnel They were on their way home after taking part in the search of the sunken Sewol ferry The helicopter crashed on a street in the southwestern city of Gwangju The cause of the crash is not yet known
CNN  -- Didier Drogba has confirmed he is leaving Chelsea , a decision which means the striker 's last kick of a ball for the English club will be the penalty that sealed a first European Champions League crown on Saturday . The Ivory Coast forward scored the decisive spot kick as Chelsea defeated Bayern Munich to secure club football 's most coveted trophy , but he is to seek pastures new when his contract expires in June . The 34-year-old has scored 157 goals in 341 appearances since he signed for the west London club from French side Marseille back in 2004 and he has been linked with a big-money move to China . He told Chelsea 's official website : "  I wanted to put an end to all the speculation and confirm that I am leaving . Chelsea win Champions League after shoot out drama in Munich "  It has been a very difficult decision for me to make and I am very proud of what we have achieved but the time is right for a new challenge for me . " Drogba 's eight years at Stamford Bridge have been littered with success . He won three Premier League titles , four FA Cups , two League Cups and one European Champions League . He has finished as the Premier League 's top scorer on two occasions and has twice been voted the Players ' Player of the Year . "  As a team we have accomplished so much and have won every single trophy possible , " he added . "  Saturday was a very special moment for everyone at the club and for all the fans , and I am very proud to have played my part in bringing many trophies to this club , which has been my home for the last eight years . "  I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone at the club especially  Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich  and my teammates , many of whom have become very close friends and will be my friends for life . CNN blog : Fading Chelsea bury Bayern 's dream "  I would also like to say a very special thank you to the Chelsea fans who have shown me so much love and support over the years . I wish the club all the best and continued success for the future -- you will always be in my heart . " Drogba was signed by Jose Mourinho , who now coaches Spanish giants Real Madrid , and has spearheaded Chelsea 's front line for the best part of a decade . He has the reputation of being a big-game player and has scored nine goals in cup final matches for Chelsea . Drogba opened talks last year about extending his contract but the two parties could not reach an agreement . Chelsea chief executive Ron Gourlay said that Drogba will always be a part of the club 's family . "  He is certainly leaving on a high after Saturday night but he feels the time is right for a new challenge , " Gourlay told the club 's website . Jubilant Chelsea parade Champions League trophy "  He has been a consummate professional during his entire time here and as one of the natural leaders in our squad he has been an inspiration to a lot of our younger players . "  We have known for some time that this outcome was likely but Didier and the club only made a final decision on that in the last couple of days , because for obvious reasons neither Didier nor the club wanted to distract focus away from the Champions League Final . " Speculation in recent days has linked Drogba with a move to China and a reunion with former Chelsea striking partner Nicolas Anelka , who is now player-manager of Shanghai Shenhua .	Chelsea striker Didier Drogba confirms he is to leave the English club in June Ivory Coast forward sealed Chelsea 's first European Champions League on Saturday The 34-year-old has scored 157 goals in 341 appearances since joining in 2004 Drogba has been linked with a move to China and says Chelsea will remain in his heart
Less than a week after dissolving the parliament , Jordan 's King Abdullah II appointed a new prime minister Wednesday as the country deals with demands for political reform . Abdullah Ensour , the new prime minister , is tasked with forming a new government -- Jordan 's fifth in two years . He was appointed after King Abdullah accepted the resignation of outgoing Prime Minister Fayez al-Tarawneh , the country 's royal court said . Last week , thousands of peaceful protesters gathered in Amman to call for constitutional reforms , saying the king has too much power . They demanded that representatives be able to run for election in a democratic system rather than be under his control . King Abdullah has also called for early elections , close to the new year . There is no clear deadline for establishing a new government , former parliamentarian Khaled Kalaldeh said . But he said it 's in the prime minister 's best interest to set up the new administration within 24 hours , due to a planned demonstration Friday by the opposition and the Muslim Brotherhood . Many have said Jordan 's economy is hurting , and too many people can not afford the high cost of living and are burdened by high inflation . Unemployment numbers are too high , they said , and many young people are without work . The complaints have been echoed for some time in the kingdom , and gained steam when the Arab Spring began to sweep North Africa and the Middle East in 2010 and 2011 . Popular uprisings in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya have ousted longtime leaders from power . In the past two years , King Abdullah has fired four prime ministers . In February 2011 , shortly before Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was forced out of office following weeks of intense protest , the king dismissed his government and ordered "  genuine political reform , " the country 's royal court reported . But the king appears to be in a tough spot . Political reforms would mean taking power away from his base -- the Bedouin tribes , a group known as the East Bankers . On top of that concern , King Abdullah is also dealing with more than 200,000 Syrian refugees who have entered Jordan recently . Last Thursday , government spokesman Samih al-Maitah framed the king 's decision to dissolve parliament as part of his promised reforms . "  This was not a surprise decision , " al-Maitah said . He added that an independent commission to oversee upcoming parliamentary elections will ensure fairness . But the dissolution of parliament did n't stop the mass protest on Friday , which was organized by the Muslim Brotherhood . The religious and political group believes Islam is not simply a religion but a way of life . It advocates a move away from secularism and a return to the rules of the Quran as a basis for healthy families , communities and states . The Brotherhood has repeatedly called for political reform in Jordan . On Wednesday , a member of the Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing expressed hope for the new government . "  As far as we are concerned , we have no enmity toward any Jordanian person appointed by the king , especially for the appointment of the prime minister , " said Nimer Assaf , deputy general secretary for the Islamic Action Front . "  We do not look for names , we look for the deeds , and we hope that this next government will go ahead with reforms which the Jordanians have been asking for a very long time . "	Abdullah Ensour is Jordan 's new prime minister He must form a new government -- Jordan 's fifth in two years Protesters demand constitutional reforms , saying the king has too much power Muslim Brotherhood : We hope this next government will go ahead with reforms
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- The road is n't easy -- past shelling and eerie separatist checkpoints . But where it leads is harder still . Twelve days after MH17 was blown out of the sky , pieces of the plane remain here , but for days investigators have n't been able to reach the site . On Wednesday , efforts to get to the bottom of the deadly crash hit another roadblock , as Ukrainian officials warned of possible landmines near the site . The wreckage sits in tomb-like silence -- a monument to cruelty , to how 298 souls -- some shipped in parts , away on a separatist train -- have yet to find complete rest . There are flowers and a teddy bear on the ground , where strangers have tried to mourn . The crash site still reeks of jet fuel and the stench of decay . Shrapnel holes are visible in the cockpit 's remains . In the hour a CNN team spent at the crash site Wednesday , there were no separatists , inspectors or Ukrainian soldiers there . Just distant smoke that explains why the inspectors ' large convoy has not , for the fourth day running , arrived . Ukraine 's National Security and Defense Council claimed Wednesday that "  terrorists " -- the term it uses to describe rebels -- have set up firing positions and laid mines on the access road to the crash site of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . The Ukrainian government and pro-Russian rebels are fighting over control of eastern Ukraine . Dutch investigators in Ukraine did not mention mines but announced Wednesday that unsafe conditions kept their contingent from visiting the crash site for the fourth straight day . CNN could not independently confirm the veracity of the statement by the Ukrainian officials , though CNN 's team traveled to and from the debris field safely Wednesday . The dangers in the area make the work of international experts "  impossible , " the Ukrainian defense council said . Workers with the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe made the same call and avoided traveling to the crash site Wednesday . Ertrugrul Apakan , chief monitor of the OSCE Special Monitoring Mission to Ukraine , said he would like to see a cease-fire between combatants so investigators can work . It was the fourth straight day the OSCE has joined the 50-strong team of Dutch and Australian investigators in declaring the region too dangerous to work in . Dutch investigators have yet to lay eyes on the wreckage or the human remains believed still to be strewn across the huge debris field near the town of Torez . CNN 's team reported seeing three or four points of smoke from artillery fire . Because the area was militarized before the plane crash , it was not possible to know whether those firing positions were new . Some human remains could still be found at the crash site , as well as belongings from the victims scattered about . On the journey there , the CNN team -- which was traveling in just one car , as opposed to the convoy of dozens of vehicles that the investigators use -- saw only a small rebel presence on the road around the wreckage . U.S. and Ukrainian officials have said that a Russian-made missile system was used to shoot down MH17 from rebel territory on July 17 . Russia and the rebels have disputed the allegations and blamed Ukraine for the crash . Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte asked Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko in a phone call Tuesday morning to halt the fighting around the crash site so that investigators can access it , Rutte spokesman Jean Fransman said . Ukraine foreign minister : The bitter lessons of MH17 Russian isolation There are echoes of the Cold War as pro-Russian rebels battle Ukrainian government forces in the nation 's east . With new sanctions announced by the European Union and United States against Russia this week , the stakes are getting higher , and Moscow is getting more isolated . A senior administration official said Russia has n't been this isolated "  since the end of the Cold War . " The Russian Foreign Ministry said the latest round of U.S. sanctions "  will cause nothing but the harm " to U.S.-Russian ties and "  will create a poor environment in international affairs where the cooperation between our countries often plays a key role . " The Russian response accused the United States of "  trying to avoid responsibility " for the crisis in Ukraine and blamed the Ukrainian government for the violence in the east . On Wednesday , Russian lawmaker Aleksey Pushkov , the head of the State Duma 's foreign affairs committee , said via Twitter that U.S. President Barack Obama "  will make history not as a peacekeeper , everyone forgot about his Nobel Prize , but as the statesman who started a new cold war . " But Obama downplayed the comparison Tuesday . "  It 's not a new Cold War , " he said . "  What it is is a very specific issue related to Russia 's unwillingness to recognize that Ukraine can chart its own path . " The new and harder-hitting sanctions show the West 's waning patience with Russia over its disputed annexation of Crimea , its support of pro-Russian rebels and the impact of the shoot-down of Flight 17 , which had many Europeans among the 298 people on board when it went down in eastern Ukraine . The new EU sanctions aim to target eight "  cronies " of Putin and three "  entities " by limiting their access to EU capital markets , an EU official said on condition of anonymity . Entities facing sanctions , according to the European Union , include the Russian National Commercial Bank ; the state-owned Almaz-Antey corporation , which manufactures anti-aircraft weaponry ; and Dobrolet , a subsidiary of a Russian state-owned airline . Three state-owned banks were named Tuesday by Washington , meaning five of the top six financial institutions in Russia were on the sanctions list , according to a senior Obama administration official . Furthermore , the United States went to NATO with a claim that Russia has violated its obligations under the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty . The treaty prohibits that possession , production or flight-test of a ground-launched cruise missile with a range of 500 to 5,500 kilometers . In a statement , NATO asked Russia to resolve the issue . To punish Russia , Europe must be prepared to suffer A parental quest Although heavy fighting has blocked investigators from getting to the crash site , it did n't stop the determined parents of one of the victims . George and Angela Dyczynski braved the regional conflict and saw the wreckage over the weekend . "  We have been always protected , " George Dyczynski said . "  I believe it was divine guidance . " "  We really , really promised our daughter that we will go there and that we tried to really fulfill our promises , " said Angela Dyczynski . Despite there being no known survivors , the couple holds out hope that their daughter , Fatima , a 25-year-old aerospace engineer , is still alive . "  Fatima can only be pronounced dead when the DNA is matched with her body , " Angela Dyczynski said . "  So if anybody says at the moment she is dead ... it 's not correct . " Up to this point , very few of the bodies recovered from the crash have been identified by Dutch authorities . As of Monday , 227 coffins had been sent to the Netherlands , where forensic investigators are working to identify victims . It is unclear how many complete sets of bodies the coffins contain . How rebels built up an arsenal capable of reaching the skies What will MH17 crash investigators find at site ? U.S. , EU coordinate on Russia sanctions , but will they work ? CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Donetsk ; Ed Payne and Mariano Castillo wrote and reported in Atlanta . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Michaela Pereira , Laura Smith-Spark , Steve Almasy , Lindsay Isaac , Ivan Watson , Barbara Starr , Michael Pearson , Susannah Palk , Alexander Felton , Mick Krever and Laura Bernardini and journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev contributed to this report .	NEW : A CNN team visits the crash site , where wreckage sits in tomb-like silence Ukraine says "  terrorists " have laid landmines near crash site Dutch researchers decide that it 's still not safe to visit site EU official : Some of the individuals affected by sanctions are Putin "  cronies "
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Something interesting is happening in the Republican Party , and it 's not the unexpected rise of Herman Cain and his 9-9-9 plan . The really significant development is the resilience Mitt Romney is showing as a top-tier candidate . Ironically , Romney , the candidate who seems to generate the least excitement among Republican voters -- the candidate by default -- potentially could have the most far-reaching impact on the character of the GOP . Following almost half a century when the heart of the Republican Party moved toward the South and West of the country , a Northeastern Republican remains the likely frontrunner for the nomination . It is unlikely that Cain , who barely has a campaign organization to speak of , will last very long at the top of the polls . Even as Texas Gov. Rick Perry is trying hard to steal his thunder , Romney has been able to stay ahead of most of his opponents . Upon giving Romney his endorsement , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , another part of the new generation of Republicans from the region , said : "  The Northeast Republicans are sticking together in this case . " If Romney wins the nomination , he would place the Northern wing of the party in a position where it has not been since the 1960s . There was a time when Northeasterners , many of whom were relatively liberal , loomed large in the Republican Party . Politicians such as Sens. Jacob Javits , Margaret Chase Smith , Prescott Bush and Charles Mathias , as well as New York Gov. Nelson Rockefeller , championed a style of conservatism that stressed fiscal and regulatory issues over social and cultural questions . They tended to be more sensitive to issues such as urban revitalization and public transportation that were central to their constituencies . Rather than fighting for all or nothing on government policies they disliked , their goal was to constrain and direct domestic programs . This was a breed of Republican that had to survive in heavily Democratic states , so they understood the art of compromise and learned to work within divided political systems . Standing before hostile Republican delegates who were trying to boo him off the stage at the 1964 convention  when Republicans shifted right by nominating Barry Goldwater  , Rockefeller warned that he had "  crisscrossed this nation " in order to fight to "  keep the Republican party the party of all the people ... and warning of the extremist threat , its danger to the party , and danger to the nation . " Republicans gained strength in the South and West . Democrats took over the coastal states , succeeding in the North , where suburban voters were more liberal on social and cultural issues , and where unions still remained an important force . When Jimmy Carter won the Democratic nomination in 1976 and Bill Clinton in 1992 , a big part of their promise was to strengthen Democrats in the South , a region that the party had been losing ever since President Lyndon Johnson finished his term in the late 1960s . Richard Nixon 's "  Southern strategy " was designed for Republicans to capitalize on southern discontent with Democrats following the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . In the Senate , Northeastern Republicans such as Susan Collins , Lincoln Chafee and Arlen Specter began to seem like anomalies . If Romney wins the nomination , and possibly the presidency , he would likely bring a different sensibility to his party . Romney was born and bred in a region where surviving as a Republican required a different approach than in a place like Georgia . As governor he famously tackled issues such as health care , accepted the need for government to raise revenue , and took a middling course on issues like abortion . Playing to the center is part of a family tradition . In 1968 , one of the front-runners for the Republican nomination was Romney 's father , Gov. George Romney of Michigan , former CEO of American Motors . Romney , like his son dashing in his appearance , brought many of the same political benefits to the table in an era when Republicans still held a place for the center . As far as Democrats were concerned , he was seen as a dangerous Republican because he could appeal to centrist and independent voters , and even to disaffected Democrats . He was able to win some union support and endorsed the cause of civil rights . George Romney 's campaign imploded because of a statement about his trip to Vietnam , where he said he had been brainwashed by the military . The statement created media fodder to question Romney 's stability . Right now , many Republicans reluctantly see Mitt Romney as the best possible option for the party . But in certain respects , he might be the most interesting one as well . Without losing the support of the kind of right-wing conservatives who wo n't go to the Democratic Party , his candidacy offers the GOP the opportunity to tackle issues and policies that have been ignored ever since Rockefeller 's generation disappeared from the electoral map . Whether GOP voters have the confidence to take a risk on a candidate who provides a different perspective than Southern and Western Republicans remains to be seen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : If Romney gets GOP nomination , it would signal change for party In past 50 years , GOP has shifted to South and West , away from Northeast Zelizer : Northerners made up a moderate , even liberal wing of GOP in mid-20th century Romney represents the return of Northeastern perspective to GOP , Zelizer says
Esfahan , Iran  CNN  If you 're looking for the Jewish community in the Iranian town of Esfahan , you wo n't have to search for long . The main synagogue is on Palestine Square , right in the heart of Iran 's third largest city . There are public prayers several times a day -- sometimes with more than a hundred people in attendance . The Jewish community in Iran does not hide its heritage . At the synagogue , Michael Malakon leads the prayer service . He says he is proud of his Jewish identity . And even in a country that is so hostile towards Israel , Malakon says he can practice freely and that he has many Muslim friends . "  I hang around with all kinds of young people and I have a lot of Muslim friends , " Malakon tells CNN after finishing the noon prayer on a Monday . About 20 people were in attendance , usually from local businesses around the synagogue . None of them tried to hide the fact that they were Jewish -- and inside the synagogue the Star of David is proudly displayed in many places , alongside passages from the Torah . There have been Jews in Iran for more than 2,500 years . Many left the country after the Islamic Revolution in 1979 that brought Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini to power . Khomeini said Iran wanted to destroy Israel , but he also issued a fatwa , a religious decree , saying that Iranian Jews were different to those in Israel and should be considered an integral part of the Islamic Republic . Sion Mahgrefte is the head of the Jewish community in Esfahan . He declined to comment directly on political matters , especially in the current heated environment , but he did say that the members of his community felt very much at home in Iran . "  Israel and Iran are countries , " he said . "  And we consider ourselves Iranian Jews , not Israeli Jews . So the hostilities between Israel and Iran do not affect us . " There is even a Jewish representative in Iran 's parliament . And aside from the vibrant Jewish community in Esfahan -- there are 13 synagogues in the city -- there are also several Orthodox Cathedrals representing a sizable Christian community . Most of Esfahan 's Jews are business people . In the center of town there is a shopping mall , known to people here as the "  Jewish Passage " because so many businesses are Jewish-owned . When our crew arrived there they found Muslim and Jewish shop owners joking around . One of them is Said Shemyon , who owns a clothing store . His friends call him "  Mordechai , " and he showed us some Hebrew prayer books he always keeps in the store . Like most others , Shemyon was not keen to talk about Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's recent address to U.S. Congress , or the problems between Israel and Iran . He says those politics have no place here . "  We just want peace , " he said . "  We really hope that all these problems can be solved one day , God willing . We are just hoping for unity and peace . " There are about 1,500 Jews in Esfahan these days . The community 's leaders conduct religious studies for the younger members of the congregation . While Sion Mahgrefte is adamant that they have no problems with their Shia neighbors , he does acknowledge that friends living abroad often worry about them . "  Of course sometimes people we know who live in Israel or elsewhere are very concerned about us , and they tell us we are crazy to live here , " he says . "  But then we tell them how things are and they calm down . "	Jews have been living in Iran for more than 2,500 years 1,500 Jews call Esfahan home despite tensions between Iran and Israel Community leader : "  Israel and Iran are countries , and we consider ourselves Iranian Jews "
CNN  -- It 's time to stop being surprised by Pope Francis . Since he became pontiff , he 's made a lot of news . His tweets echo around the world . He embodies principles of humility and piety . He eschews the fancy trappings of office favored by his predecessor , from the Popemobile to the red shoes . He washed the feet of prisoners , including a Muslim woman , on Holy Thursday . He telephones ordinary people who write to him . In Rome , he called for "  revolutionaries " to leave the comforts of their home and bring the word into the streets . In Rio , he told the gathered youth to "  make a mess " in the dioceses as they help the church shake off clericalism . He has sought to create a "  culture of encounter " in which atheists and Catholics might come together . "  Do good , " he said memorably . "  We will meet each other there . " When he announced that he would canonize Pope John XXIII , the great reformer , on the same day as John Paul II , he emphasized continuity among all Catholics , even those of different factions . When asked about gay priests , he replied , "  Who am I to judge ? " Most recently , he gave a long interview in which he articulated a new vision of the church that does seem revolutionary . In the West , reaction has focused on his statements about hot-button social issues . For example , he said , "  the teaching of the church  on abortion , gay marriage , and contraception  , for that matter , is clear ...  but  it is not necessary to talk about these issues all the time . " Given the constant drumbeat of the American church hierarchy on exactly those issues , the line comes off as a surprising rebuke . Deeper critiques lie within the interview as well . When he spoke about doubt and dialogue , he said , "  If the Christian is a restorationist , a legalist , if he wants everything clear and safe , then he will find nothing . " At the very least , Francis has found a message that resonates with Catholics and non-Catholics alike . But as repeatedly stated by commentators and church officials , he has not changed anything . He has called for no new doctrines . His reorganization of the Vatican goes slowly . The problems besetting the church before his election remain . Traditionalists , who wish to preserve gains won under the past two popes , and reformers , who are frustrated by the pace of change , agree on this one thing . To this point , Francis ' impact emerges from his behavior and his words , not his executive power as pope . And yet , he has this power to surprise . Every time he demonstrates his humility or his empathy , his words resonate with Catholics and non-Catholics alike . They bring both pleasure and surprise that such a seemingly honest , humble and holy person really could be pope . Do n't be surprised at what Francis is doing ; instead , wonder if the rest of the church hierarchy is going to catch up . Francis ' revolution emerges out of the core of Catholicism . He emphasizes humility , poverty , social justice , non-judgment , peace and especially mercy . That he can seem so transformative without changing any theological principles is a testament to the depth and power of his reform , not its limitations . Such a reform has historical precedent . More than 800 years ago , another Francis , the son of a cloth merchant in Assisi , came to Rome to see the pope . The church of the 13th century relied heavily on formula . This reliance distanced the priests from their parishioners and was a growing problem in an era of societal change . Francis and his disciples , who attempted to live in perfect poverty and humility , had dedicated themselves to preaching and outreach to the people . They tried to pattern their lives by the principles of Christ . The pope , Innocent III , gave Francis his approval and supported the new Franciscan order . He hoped that the charismatic humility of Francis might help address some of the problems the church was facing . Eight hundred years later , Archbishop Jorge Bergoglio became the first pope to take Francis ' name as his own . St. Francis ' revolutionary message focused on a return to first principles , as he saw them . While Pope Francis has ascended to the throne of St. Peter and St. Francis never chose to be ordained , one can locate certain parallels unfolding between the two men and their efforts at reform . This pope is also turning to the first principles as he perceives them . Pope Francis makes the argument that everything he needs to transform the church already exists within the core teachings . And if this is the core , how can anyone choose not to follow ? What would it look like for the rest of the hierarchy to go where Francis is leading ? For one thing , they might find lots of their lay parishioners and the women and men in holy order already there , working . But while the hierarchy clearly elected Francis to reform the workings of the Vatican , it 's not clear that they expected his personal piety to put such pressure on them . Traditionalist response to Francis has concentrated on his personal charisma while emphasizing the orthodoxy of his doctrinal positions . Such responses seem to indicate a resistance to the idea that they might need to change anything . In a recent interview with the New Catholic Reporter , Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York talked about the new pope . He said that in the wake of Francis , he found himself "  examining my own conscience ... on style , on simplicity , on lots of things . " The cardinal wondered whether his living arrangements , in the historical residence of the archbishops of New York , were appropriate . But the cardinal was n't quite sure what to do about it , given that he ca n't sell the building . St. Francis would have agreed . He carefully never argued for the church to sell of its property or divest itself of income . Of course , he was outside the church hierarchy and relied on papal protection for his safety . Pope Francis , on the other hand , might have a plan for an empty archbishop 's residence if Cardinal Dolan wanted to downsize . After all , he did recently suggest that empty church property should be used to house refugees . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Perry .	David Perry : Pope Francis has not called for any new doctrines or changed anything Perry : Francis ' impact comes from his behavior and words , not his executive power as Pope He says that the pope can seem so transformative is a testament to the power of his reform Perry : When will the rest of the Catholic Church hierarchy catch up to Francis ' revolution ?
Los Angeles  CNN  -- NASA announced Tuesday the new retirement homes for the four remaining space shuttles -- three historic orbiters and the program 's test vehicle . The space shuttle Atlantis will be displayed at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex in Florida ; the Endeavour , at the California Science Center in Los Angeles ; the Discovery , at the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center in Virginia ; and the test shuttle , Enterprise , at the Intrepid Sea , Air & Space Museum in New York , NASA Administrator Charles F. Bolden Jr. said during a ceremony at the Kennedy Center . The announcement was made on the 30th anniversary of the space shuttle program 's first flight , made by the subsequently ill-fated Columbia orbiter , and the 50th anniversary of Soviet Cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin becoming the first human in space . More than 20 locations around the country sought one of the orbiters because of the potential tourist draw . The drama mirrored the bidding to host an Olympic games . Supporters of sites that were rejected expressed disappointment . U.S. Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , said the Johnson Space Center in Houston should have been one of the retirement homes for an orbiter , "  but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet , " he said in a statement . He noted that Houston "  played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle . " "  Like many Texans , I am disappointed with NASA 's decision to slight the Johnson Space Center as a permanent home for one of the space shuttle orbiters , " Cornyn said . "  There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters -- even Administrator Bolden stated as much . Today 's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center , the greater Houston community and the state of Texas , and I 'm deeply disappointed with the administration 's misguided decision , " Cornyn said . In Los Angeles , shortly after NASA 's announcement , California Science Center President Jeffrey Rudolph told reporters that the Endeavour would boost the center 's annual 1.4 million visitors to about 2 million people a year . The center plans to use the orbiter as the centerpiece to a new air and space gallery , which would cost $ 200 million and is part of the center 's 25-year master plan , Rudolph said . That price tag includes the $ 28.8 million that the center must pay NASA to prepare and relocate the orbiter to Los Angeles , he said . The center has n't hired an architect yet to design the new facility and is now planning a fundraiser , he said . "  Obviously , we were thrilled . We got the word this morning , shortly before the announcement , " Rudolph said of his reaction to winning one of the shuttles . "  The fact that the shuttle was created here in California had a lot to do with giving us a leg up " over the competition , Rudolph said . "  It 's a fitting place for this national treasure . " The center , which also features a Los Angeles charter school , is the most attended museum in southern California and one of the most attended in the country , Rudolph said . The Los Angeles center 's existing air and space gallery is now home to the Mercury-Redstone 2 capsule that carried Ham , a chimpanzee , on a suborbital flight , and the Gemini 11 capsule flown by astronauts Pete Conrad and Dick Gordon on an orbital flight . U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer said she and Sen. Dianne Feinstein -- both California Democrats -- wrote to NASA 's Bolden last year asking that California become home to one of the shuttles because the state has a long history with the shuttle program . Beginning in 1972 , all five space shuttle orbiters were fabricated in Downey , California , and assembled in Palmdale , California , Boxer said in a statement . All of the space shuttles were tested at Edwards Air Force Base just outside of Palmdale , where 53 of NASA 's 133 shuttle missions landed , she said . The Endeavour will take its final flight on April 29 , and prior to this launch , it will have been used on 24 missions , orbited the earth 4,429 times and traveled 103,149,636 miles , Boxer said . "  California has a long history of supporting the shuttle program and we are proud to welcome this inspiring symbol of American scientific achievement and ingenuity to the Golden State , " Boxer said in a statement . Audience members at the Kennedy Space Center cheered when Bolden announced the Atlantis would be assigned to that launch facility . Many people in the gallery were center workers , some of whom are likely to lose their jobs when the shuttle program ends . Because the announcement was being made at Kennedy , expectations were high that the visitor center would be awarded one of the shuttles . The Museum of Flight in Seattle also wanted one . In fact , one wall of a new space gallery where a shuttle would be housed was already erected in anticipation . Prior to Tuesday 's announcement , the museum 's president , Doug King , said museum officials did n't have any inside information . "  I think that confident may be too strong a word . I think that hopeful is probably a better one , " he said . But on Tuesday , Washington state Gov. Chris Gregoire also said he was disappointed that the NASA did n't select the Seattle museum for one of the retired shuttles . "  The Museum of Flight put a tremendous amount of effort into landing a retired shuttle in the Pacific Northwest . As the home of modern day air travel and the 747 , which has gracefully transported shuttles for the last 30 years , Seattle would have been a perfect fit , " Gregoire said in a statement . "  However , the full fuselage trainer , that every astronaut including Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on , will soon call the Museum of Flight home , " the governor said . "  The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get . Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum . " Facilities in Chicago , New York , Dayton , Ohio , and Tulsa , Oklahoma , also put in requests for an orbiter , with hopes that such a historic artifact would inspire countless children in those areas to explore careers in science and engineering . Becoming home to an orbiter promises to be a boon for a community . The Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex estimates a shuttle will bring in 200,000 more guests every year . The economic impact to the area is estimated at about $ 15 million . At New York 's Intrepid Museum , Executive Director Susan Marenoff told CNN , "  Figure over 300,000 people additional  due  to the Intrepid , to New York City . Couple that with $ 106 million in economic benefit . We think that 's a pretty good deal . " Each winning location has to fork over $ 28.8 million to NASA for delivery of the vehicles . They also must guarantee a climate-controlled building will be constructed to house their shuttle . That 's still a bargain , officials at the bidding locations said , because of the return on investment they expect . One of the orbiters -- Discovery , the oldest -- was largely regarded as being Smithsonian-bound . That was confirmed by Tuesday 's announcement . The Enterprise , a test shuttle that never flew in space , is there now . It was be reassigned , at a discounted price , to one of the locations that did n't get either Endeavour or Atlantis . That location turned out to be the Intrepid Sea , Air & Space Museum in New York . Only two more shuttle flights are scheduled : Endeavour on April 29 and Atlantis on June 28 , wrapping up a program in which the vehicles launched satellites , built a space station , and launched and repaired an orbiting telescope . After that , they become museum pieces . Two other shuttles were destroyed in flight accidents . The Challenger exploded 73 seconds after liftoff on January 28 , 1986 , and the Columbia disintegrated during re-entry on February 1 , 2003 . CNN 's Stan Wilson , Ed Lavandera and Irving Last contributed to this report .	The shuttles Discovery , Endeavour and Atlantis carry historic and economic value The fourth , the Enterprise , was a test shuttle that never flew into space Communities housing the shuttles are expected to enjoy a tourist boom April 12 is the 50th anniversary of the first human space flight and 30th of the first shuttle flight
Four days before the opening of the Winter Games , some of the hotels being built for the Olympics are reporting construction delays that could affect the tens of thousands of visitors expected to descend on the region . The Sochi 2014 organizing committee announced that at least one of the hotels built to accommodate visiting journalists would not be ready . "  Dear Media , " the committee wrote , "  this is to inform you that the official opening of the hotel Gorki Grand has been postponed due to technical reasons . " In a subsequent phone conversation , Anna Efimchenko , a Sochi 2014 spokeswoman , explained to CNN that the Gorki Grand Hotel was "  having some troubles with the water . " The committee said it would temporarily accommodate guests in another hotel . In the seven years since Russia won its bid to host the 2014 Olympics , authorities have built a highway , a high-speed train line , electric power stations and an entire series of resort villages in the Caucasus Mountains , where the alpine sport events will take place . The massive project is estimated to have cost more than $ 50 billion . But on Monday , construction crews were still hard at work in Gorki Gorod , a cluster of six - and seven-story buildings on the banks of the Mzymta River , a short distance from the Olympic ski jump . Road crews were hammering in paving stones on a sidewalk , while yellow cranes stretched up to buildings where the interior was clearly still under construction . The delays appear to have affected at least one international hotelier . In an interview with the Reuters news agency , the manager of Swissotel Sochi said his hotel would accept its first customers on the eve of the opening of the Olympics , rather than in January as had originally been planned . "  It was slightly delayed , we actually planned to open already last month , " Swissotel 's Oliver Kuhn told Reuters . "  Certainly I have worked in areas where the construction speed was a bit faster than here , but at the end of the day we have reached our target to be ready for the Games . " The International Olympic Committee is downplaying concerns . "  There are still some issues to be solved as it is always just before the Games , but also in this respect we are in contact with the organizing committee and we hope the situation will be solved in the next couple of days , " IOC president Thomas Bach told journalists . Athletes have been arriving to this Black Sea resort in recent days . The Winter Olympics are set to open Friday . As for the Gorki Grand Hotel , it continues to advertise on its website "  the elegance of hotel 's 194 rooms and suites , " and it still offers online reservations for February , next to the announcement "  Opening Soon . " INTERACTIVE : Sochi 2014 : Winter Olympic venues	The opening of the Gorki Grand Hotel is delayed ; it 's "  having some troubles with the water " Crews are still hard at work on the Gorki Gorod , a cluster of six - and seven-story buildings Swissotel Sochi will accept its first customers just before the Olympics open , manager says The International Olympic Committee is downplaying concerns
Washington  CNN  -- The United States is concerned that Pakistan may have given China access to the high-tech helicopter that crashed in the U.S. raid on Osama bin Laden 's compound , a U.S. official said Monday . "  We have reason to suspect China was given access but we can not confirm it definitively , " said a U.S. official who is not authorized to discuss intelligence matters publicly . "  We have strong suspicions . " The comment came after news reports suggested Pakistani authorities may have allowed Chinese engineers to see the stealth aircraft . Pakistan 's military has denied the allegation , saying there is "  no truth to the report . " In a written statement , Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN the claim is part of a "  malicious campaign " against Pakistan 's security forces . Abbas "  expressed his astonishment at the far-fetched reporting of certain foreign media outlets , " the statement said . Officials at the Chinese Embassy in Washington did not immediately respond to a request for comment . The Financial Times newspaper in London reported that it had learned that Pakistan "  allowed Chinese military engineers to photograph and take samples from the top-secret stealth helicopter . " It added that "  people close to the White House and the Central Intelligence Agency " told the paper that "  the Chinese were in fact given access to the helicopter . " China declined to comment , the article said . The New York Times reported that "  Pakistan 's intelligence service probably allowed Chinese military engineers to examine the wreckage , " citing "  American officials and others familiar with the classified intelligence assessments . " It noted that the "  American assessments were disclosed " by The Financial Times . When the aircraft crashed during the raid that killed the al Qaeda leader in May , Navy SEALs destroyed most of it to protect the technology . But the tail section remained mostly intact and it was that area that the Chinese engineers examined , according to the New York Times report . China and Pakistan enjoy a long-standing military relationship , and the May raid that killed bin Laden -- staged without informing the Pakistani government -- stoked tensions between Washington and Islamabad . In July , the United States said it was withholding $ 800 million in aid to Pakistan . "  They 've taken some steps that have given us reason to pause on some of the aid which we 're giving to the military , and we 're trying to work through that , " White House Chief of Staff William Daley said at the time . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Reza Sayah , and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistani official : The claim is part of a "  malicious campaign " U.S. official : "  We have strong suspicions " Tensions between the U.S. and Pakistan were stoked by the secret U.S. raid
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Newly discovered artifacts beneath the huge stones of Jerusalem 's Western Wall , one of Judaism 's holiest sites , indicate it took longer to build than previously believed . Until now , the wall constructed as part of King Herod 's enlargement of the Temple Mount area was thought to have been completed before he died in 4 B.C. However , the discovery of three oil lamps from the first century and 17 bronze coins , four of which were dated A.D. 16 , in a ritual bath beneath the Western Wall appears to confirm the writings of a first-century Jewish historian , who said the project was completed decades after Herod 's death . "  This is important because now we would not speak any more of the Temple Mount being built by Herod " alone , said University of Haifa professor Ronny Reich , an archaeologist working on the site on behalf of the Israel Antiquities Authority . "  This is an archaeological finding that indeed the works of the Temple Mount took a long time , far after Herod 's death . " A statement by the antiquities authority said the ancient historian , Flavius Josephus , wrote that Herod began constructing and enlarging the Temple Mount area in 22 B.C. , which was the 18th year of his reign . Josephus wrote that it was "  the largest project the world has ever heard of , " according to the authority 's statement . Josephus also wrote that the completion of the building project , which included the Western Wall and Robinson 's Arch as part of the Temple Mount complex , did not end until A.D. 50 , the statement said . "  This bit of archaeological information illustrates the fact that the construction of the Temple Mount walls and Robinson 's Arch was an enormous project that lasted decades and was not completed during Herod 's lifetime , " the authority 's statement said . "  This dramatic find confirms Josephus ' descriptions which state that it was only during the reign of King Agrippa II  Herod 's great-grandson  that the work was finished , and upon its completion there were 8,000-10 ,000 unemployed in Jerusalem . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Coins found by archaeologists shed light on construction of one of Judaism 's holiest sites King Herod started the wall , but the new evidence indicates he died before it was finished Until now , the wall was believed to have been completed during Herod 's reign
Hong Kong  CNN  -- After wreaking damage on the Philippines and claiming at least 64 lives over Tuesday and Wednesday , a newly intensified Typhoon Rammasun is bearing down on Hainan and Guangdong provinces in southern China . The storm , which was downgraded as it passed over the Philippines , gained strength again over the South China Sea and is now battering Hainan , with its inner eye wall hugging the island 's coast . Now categorized by the China Meteorological Administration as a super typhoon , Rammasun made landfall on the island province of Hainan at around 1:30 p.m.  1:30 a.m ET  Friday after veering westwards . The weather agency issued a ` red ' typhoon warning , the highest of four color-coded warning levels . It is the first time this year the signal has been raised . Authorities in the region are on high alert . Prior to the storm 's reaching Hainan , a bulletin stated its intensity will be 50-55 meters per second  180-200 km/h or 112-123 mph  . Super typhoons are categorized as having sustained winds of 150 mph  241 km/h  or higher . Should Rammasun hit the mainland as expected , the storm is expected to produce strong gales that may top 93 mph  150 km/h  , heavy rain and tidal surges . Given the rapid escalation in the storm 's strength , it is unclear how comprehensive preparations for this storm have been in the areas likely to be affected the most . Shipping in the region has been suspended , as have some flights , including in Hainan , which is a popular holiday destination . Trains in Guangdong bound for Hainan have been halted in the provincial capital Guangzhou , and Hainan 's high-speed railway has also had operations suspended , according to China 's state-run news agency . China 's National Meteorological Center also said inland areas of some provinces , including Yunnan , Hubei and Henan would experience rainstorms . The NMC warned of flooding in cities and landslides in mountain areas . The typhoon caused at least 64 deaths in the Philippines , as well as damage to property and infrastructure across Luzon , the largest island in the archipelago , according to the Philippines News Agency , citing of Office of Civil Defense . The agency said most victims were struck by falling trees or other debris . At least 103 injuries were reported and five people reported missing . The typhoon damaged more than 26,000 houses -- about 7,000 of those destroyed , the agency said . James Reynolds , a freelance journalist and videographer who was in Legazpi when the typhoon made landfall in the Philippines , said in a twitter post that Rammasun looked "  immensely powerful -- one of the strongest I 've seen in the  South  China Sea for a long time . " Only two other super typhoons have ever hit China , Saomai in 2006 and Marge in 1973 . Saomai , registered as a once-a-century typhoon , was the most powerful typhoon ever to have made landfall over mainland China . This storm , says CNN 's Ivan Cabrera , could top both of these . The existing typhoon record of 78.9 m/s was observed at Dalaoshan , Hong Kong , on 1 September 1962	First red-level warning typhoon of the year bears down on southern China Typhoon Rammasun regained intensity after passing the Philippines Shipping , some flights canceled in anticipation of typhoon 's approach Then-category 4 typhoon caused 64 deaths in the Philippines
CNN  -- Arsenal scored three late goals to beat Norwich City 3-1 at the Emirates on Saturday and move up to third in the English Premier League . The Gunners went behind to a Michael Turner header in the 56th minute and looked to be heading towards defeat with five minutes left on the clock . But in a remarkable turnaround , Arsene Wenger 's side scored three goals in seven minutes to steal all three points . Mikel Arteta began the fightback , scoring from the penalty spot in the 85th after Kei Kamara was adjudged to have brought down Olivier Giroud . It was Giroud who gave Arsenal the lead three minutes later touching in Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 's cross to send home fans delirious . Join the debate with CNN FC The comeback was completed when Lukas Podolski scored a third in injury time to hand Arsenal their eighth league win in ten games . Norwich , on the other hand , have won just one of their last ten and remain in danger of being dragged back into a relegation battle . "  No-one could predict we would score three goals , but we have great attitude , spirit and desire and it got us there . We deserved to win but we were against a strong side and needed something special , " Arsene Wenger said after the match . The win takes Arsenal above London rivals Chelsea -- who play Manchester City in the FA Cup semifinal at Wembley on Sunday -- and Tottenham Hotspur . In Saturday 's other English Premier League fixtures , Everton kept up their push for a Champions League place next season with a 2-0 over Queens Park Rangers . The win leaves them three points behind fifth place Spurs  58 points  and five points clear of Merseyside rivals Liverpool who played out a goalless draw at Reading -- a result which helps neither side . Reading remain bottom of the table with 24 points , while Harry Redknapp 's QPR , who also have 24 points , look destined for the drop now with just five games remaining . Aston Villa remain in 16th place after 1-1 draw against Fulham , while mid-table West Ham United and Southampton also played out a 1-1 draw . Third-from-bottom Wigan may be threatened with relegation but their fans wo n't be thinking about that this weekend after a 2-0 win over championship side Millwall in the semifinal of the FA Cup . Goals from Shaun Maloney and Callum McManaman ensured Wigan reached the final of England 's most prestigious cup competition for the first time in their 81-year history .	Arsenal beat Norwich 3-1 to go third in English Premier League Gunners trailing with five minutes to go but three late goals seal victory Everton maintain push for Champions League spot with a 2-0 over QPR Wigan reach FA Cup final for first time in 81-year history
CNN  -- Firefighters made inroads into the massive wildfire in eastern Arizona Sunday , as authorities said the threat of spreading flames had decreased enough to allow thousands of residents in some of the hardest-hit areas to return home . "  After consulting with fire officials , it has been determined that the fire risk has diminished enough that it will no longer be a threat to the citizens of the towns , " said Cmdr. Webb Hogle of the Apache County Sheriff 's Office . But he said smoke from the wildfire "  still poses serious health hazards " in Springerville , Eagar and South Fork , where authorities expect thousands to return home after evacuating . "  If they return , they do so at their own risk , " he added . The 15-day-old blaze in eastern Arizona was 10 % contained , fire officials said Sunday evening , up from 6 % late Saturday . Still , the wildfire inched closer to becoming the worst fire in the state 's history . The second-largest blaze had scorched 443,989 acres , firefighters said Sunday , an area bigger than most of the largest cities in the United States . The so-called Wallow fire is 24,649 acres shy of matching the Rodeo/Chediski wildfire of 2002 , Arizona 's biggest . Firefighters said they are making progress as they dig trenches , set their own fires to take away natural fuels from the advancing blaze and dump retardants from the air on the flames . It "  has been chasing us around , but after today we 're feeling very optimistic , " Jerome MacDonald , operations chief for the Southwest Interagency Incident Management team fighting the fire , told reporters late Saturday . The fire broke out May 29 in the Apache National Forest . Air quality for much of New Mexico and eastern Arizona was expected to worsen because of wildfires , the New Mexico health and environment officials said . Heavy smoke could affect those in sensitive groups , including children , pregnant woman , asthma sufferers and people with lung and heart diseases , the New Mexico Environment Department said . The National Weather Service said smoke plumes from Arizona wildfires will continue moving toward Santa Fe and Albuquerque , New Mexico . Heavy smoke has permeated communities around the Arizona blaze . "  We have not seen the sun clearly for several days , " said Rita Baysinger , a spokeswoman for the Southwest Interagency Incident Management team . MacDonald said changing winds are likely to start clearing out the smoke . "  All the smoke from the fire has basically been funneling through Eagar in the valley and it settles there in the morning , " MacDonald said . "  I do n't expect the same kind of smoky conditions over the next couple of days . " At least 9,114 people were evacuated from Springerville , Eagar , Nutrioso , Alpine , Greer and surrounding areas . The wildfire has consumed 29 homes , 22 of them in the evacuated city of Greer . CNN 's Phil Gast and journalist Craig Johnson contributed to this report .	NEW : The Wallow fire has scorched 443,989 acres in eastern Arizona NEW : Officials say the blaze is 10 % contained A commander says residents in Springerville and Eagar can return home "  at their own risk " Arizona 's worst wildfire burned 468,638 acres in 2002
London  CNN  -- A 15-year-old Ethiopian boy who came to Britain to take part in the Olympic torch relay and speaks little English has gone missing , police said Friday , prompting concern for his welfare . Natnael Yemane left his hotel in central Nottingham on Thursday night and has not been seen since , Nottinghamshire police said . "  We are concerned for Natnael as he does not speak very good English and is not thought to be street-wise , " a police spokesman said . "  He does have family in London , but we need to find him and make sure he is safe and well . " Natnael , who took part in the torch relay Thursday , is described as black , 5 feet 8 inches tall , and of thin build . He has short hair and was last seen wearing faded dark jeans , a green and yellow camouflage hooded jacket , and black sneakers with a white stripe . A London 2012 representative said : "  A young boy of 15 has gone missing , and clearly this is of great concern to us . Everyone is doing all they can to find him and make sure he is safe . " Anyone who may have seen Natnael since Thursday night is urged to contact the police . Natnael was one of 20 young people picked for the London Olympics "  International Inspiration " program , the Games organizers said . One torchbearer was selected from each of the 20 countries that are part of the program , from Azerbaijan to Zambia . International Inspiration , part of the "  legacy " program of the London 2012 Olympics , "  inspires and enables millions of young people in countries around the world to play sport , " according to the official website . Over the course of the 70-day relay , leading up to the July 27 opening ceremony , 8,000 runners will carry the Olympic flame 8,000 miles across the United Kingdom . Organizers say the flame will pass within 10 miles of 95 % of the British population on the route . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	The boy speaks little English and is not thought to be "  street-wise , " police say He went missing from his hotel in Nottingham on Thursday night He 's one of 20 youths picked for the Games ' "  International Inspiration " program
Concern is growing for the well-being of four journalists , three of them American citizens , apparently detained in Iran this week , according to The Washington Post . The newspaper reported Thursday that its Tehran correspondent Jason Rezaian , a U.S. citizen , and his wife , Yeganeh Salehi , appeared to have been detained Tuesday evening . Two freelance photojournalists , both American citizens , also have been detained , according to The Post . The paper said officials had not yet named the pair . An Iranian official confirmed to CNN that Rezaian and Salehi are among three journalists being held by authorities . He did not say what they have been charged with . The third journalist is a freelance photographer , the official said on condition of anonymity . It 's not clear why there is a discrepancy in the number of journalists held . Gholam-Hossein Esmaili , the director general of the Tehran Province Justice Department , is quoted by Iran 's official IRNA news agency as saying a "  Washington Post journalist has been detained for some questions and after technical investigations , the judiciary will provide details on the issue . " He did not specify on what grounds the correspondent , whom he did not name , was being held . Iranian security forces are vigilant about all kinds of enemy activities , Esmaili added , according to IRNA . In a statement Thursday , Washington Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said "  we are deeply troubled by this news and are concerned for the welfare of Jason , Yeganeh and two others said to have been detained with them . " He described Rezaian as "  an experienced , knowledgeable reporter who deserves protection and whose work merits respect . " ` Dismal record ' The Committee to Protect Journalists said it was alarmed by The Post 's report and urged Iran to release the four journalists . "  We call on Iranian authorities to immediately explain why Jason Rezaian , Yeganeh Salehi , and two other journalists have been detained , and we call for their immediate release , " said Sherif Mansour , its Middle East and North Africa program coordinator . "  Iran has a dismal record with regard to its treatment of imprisoned journalists . We hold the Iranian government responsible for the safety of these four . " The Iranian mission to the United Nations in New York is following up on the case , spokesman Hamid Babaei said . "  We will inform the media as soon as we receive any news from Tehran , " Babaei said . According to The Washington Post , Rezaian , 38 , holds American and Iranian citizenship . He has been the paper 's Tehran correspondent since 2012 . His wife , an Iranian citizen who has applied for U.S. permanent residency , is a correspondent for the UAE-based newspaper the National , The Post said . Members of Rezaian 's family said they did not want to comment at this time , the paper added . Thomas Erdbrink , Tehran bureau chief for The New York Times , said via Twitter , "  I strongly condemn the arrest of my friend and colleague @jrezaian and his wife @YeganehSalehi , and two photographers , also friends . " Past detentions Rallies are being held in Iran to mark Quds  Jerusalem  Day on what is the last Friday of the holy month of Ramadan . Muslims worldwide mark this day each year to remember the plight of the Palestinians . Several foreign journalists are in Tehran to cover the event , which includes an anti-Israel demonstration after the Friday prayers . According to CPJ research , there are 35 journalists in prison in Iran . The organization also highlights past instances in which Iran has detained international journalists , including the case of U.S. freelancer Roxana Saberi . Journalist working for CNN detained in Ukraine Jailed Al Jazeera journalists convicted in Egypt Defying ban , Iranian women watch World Cup with men in public Opinion : In Iran , happy gets you arrested	Iranian official says Jason Rezaian and Yeganeh Salehi are among three journalists held The Washington Post says four journalists have apparently been detained this week They include Jason Rezaian , a U.S. citizen , and his wife , journalist Yeganeh Salehi The others are two freelance photojournalists , the Post says
CNN  -- One man 's trash is another man 's mystery . Nick DiMola holds what he believes are about 60 artifacts and pieces of artifacts from Mexico . Five years ago , Nick DiMola 's rubbish removal company was hired to clean out a Manhattan apartment following the death of the owner , abstract artist Clinton Hill . The contents of a barrel that DiMola salvaged from the trash then has today raised a series of questions . What DiMola holds are about 60 artifacts and pieces of artifacts that he thinks are from Mexico , dating to between 300 B.C. and 500 A.D. . The mystery , which the Mexican Consulate in New York is trying to solve , is twofold : How much are the artifacts worth ? And , if authentic , whom do they belong to ? DiMola first saw the collection of pottery and figurines while cleaning Hill 's apartment in 2004 . He stored the barrel in his warehouse instead of disposing of it , then promptly forgot about it . Last week , DiMola rediscovered the pieces , only this time he told the New York Daily News about what he had found , announcing that he would sell them . That caught the attention of the Mexican government , which is studying the origins of the items and has claimed them . Now , DiMola wants to donate his find , but not necessarily to Mexico , he told CNN . The Queens native was excited about his discovery when he allowed representatives from the Mexican Cultural Institute to examine and photograph nearly all the pieces , DiMola said . His curiosity about them was growing , and he was expecting an appraisal from the government officials . What he got instead was a heads-up about a possible petition to return the entire collection to Mexico . "  My reaction is that that is not very diplomatic , " DiMola said . "  It 's a blow to the jaw . " Ruben Beltran , Mexico 's consul general in New York , was not available for comment Tuesday . However in an interview with the U.S.-based Spanish-language TV network Telemundo , he said that if the pieces are part of Mexican culture , the government will try to get them back . But as of now , no one is certain what the pieces are . Howard Nowes , an ancient art dealer who does appraisals , examined a handful of the pieces that DiMola holds . Nowes told CNN he saw a mix of authentic and non-authentic pre-Columbian pieces , which he valued at $ 3,000 . The pieces were broken and were n't very artistic , he said , adding "  from what I can see , it was mostly junk . " Unfazed , DiMola thinks all the pieces probably are worth more than $ 16,000 total , he said . "  Something like this , you ca n't put a price on , because I may have a figure that no one has seen before , " DiMola said . "  There 's a big value in these pieces . " The Mexican government is n't taking any chances , and is conducting its own research into the authenticity and significance of the pieces . Museums in Houston , Texas ; San Francisco , California and Washington , D.C. , have expressed interest in the pieces as well , DiMola said . He said he 'd like to donate the artifacts to museums across the country , and some to the Mexican Cultural Institute at the Mexican Consulate in New York City , but that could change if Mexico uses international law to claim the items . The foundation that hired DiMola to clean the house is unlikely to try to reclaim the pieces , said John Koegel , the attorney who handled Hill 's estate . When Hill died , he left all his possessions to his lifelong partner , Allen Tran , Koegel told CNN . In turn , Tran bequeathed all of Hill 's possessions to a foundation "  to carry out his artistic legacy , " he said . Hill had some pieces from Mexico in his apartment that were cataloged , but the artist had no strong connection to the country , Koegel said . For DiMola , all the fuss stems from a simple truth . "  Sometimes you find things that are good and salvageable in the trash , " he said .	Nick DiMola finds Mexican artifacts worth thousands in trash barrel Barrel belonged to deceased abstract artist Clinton Hill Mexican government claims it owns artifacts , seeks their return DiMola says he wants to donate artifacts to museums across U.S.
KANDAHAR , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The soldiers had barely arrived in Iraq before they got new orders -- get ready for Afghanistan . A soldier waits in Baghdad for a flight to his new mission in Kandahar . The 4th Engineer Battalion out of Colorado Springs , Colorado , deployed to Camp Victory near Baghdad in mid-February . Two weeks after the unit began actually going out on operations in Iraq , it was ordered to redeploy to Kandahar in Afghanistan . The soldiers had n't even finished painting their emblem outside their tactical operations command when the move began . But even as he walked through the stripped-down post , battalion commander Lt. Col. Kevin Landers could not hold back his excitement . "  The president has asked our military and our country to shift the focus and bolster the effort in Afghanistan , and we are really spearheading some of that effort , so of course there is some excitement here , " he said outside a building being cleared out . The move put a strain on this battalion , which specializes in route clearance , or finding and destroying land mines and bombs on roads to make them safe for travel . Watch soldiers leave Iraq , arrive in Afghanistan " "  Yes , it is hard work , " said Pfc. Kimble Han , sweat pouring down his face as he pulled out a sandbag foundation for a tent he and colleagues had put out only weeks before . "  But I believe we have trained well and are prepared for the new mission in Afghanistan . " The battlefield in Afghanistan is very different than Iraq . "  In Iraq you are looking at more close-quarters combat in an urban environment , but in Afghanistan the area is only sparsely populated and we are looking at much more of a linear battlefield , " said Lt. Matthew Fitzgibbon . That means the soldiers will probably be engaged in longer distance firefights while on their patrols and their training in Baghdad before the deployment mirrored that . The troops spent extra hours on the shooting range , recalibrating their weapons and testing different optics . "  No matter who the enemy is , we will bring a bigger fight , " one soldier said loading his weapon . As the United States shifts its focus from Iraq to Afghanistan , the military has deemed route clearance so important to the operations in the Kandahar area that it is airlifting the entire battalion to the new battlefield . The move poses huge logistical challenges to the Army and especially the Air Force . Between 50 and 70 gigantic C-17 cargo planes are necessary to transport dozens of heavy armored mine-resistant vehicles , containers and pallets -- all this as the Air Force 's capabilities are strained due to regular combat operations . Many flights are delayed , canceled , rescheduled and then canceled again . Lt. William Hutaff , one of the first soldiers to leave for Afghanistan as part of an advance party , had his flight delayed several times and waited almost two days before he could board one of the cargo planes . "  Yeah , there 's been a lot of waiting , " he said from a seat in the hull of the plane , facing his mine-resistant vehicle that was shipping out too . "  We are glad we are finally going and we hope someone will be there to pick us up . " None of the soldiers with whom CNN traveled to Afghanistan knew what to expect when they hit the ground in Kandahar . The bases in Iraq have been developed over the past six years since the United States led the invasion and offer amenities from shopping facilities to coffee shops . In Iraq , the soldiers stayed in solid trailers . In Afghanistan , they would be living in tents . But none of that seemed on the soldiers ' minds as the plane took off from Baghdad International Airport for the four-hour flight to Afghanistan , and many of them went to sleep shortly after takeoff or listened to music on their iPods in the dark and loud hull of the giant plane . The terrain the jet was flying over changed from the Iraqi desert to the more rugged hills of southern Afghanistan before the crew of the C-17 crew performed a combat landing into Kandahar International Airport . Leaving the aircraft , the soldiers said they were tired and looking to get into their new housing units . "  We want to get our vehicle unloaded and then get settled in , " Hutaff said . Getting settled in meant sleeping in cots in a tent designed to house more than 100 people , but the base itself proved more developed than many had thought , with a basketball court and even an hockey rink built by the Canadian contingent stationed there . But the compound assigned to the battalion proved to be a lot worse for wear than the troops expected . Years ago it had been home to Polish troops , but now the buildings were withering away in the sun . The engineers spent their first days tearing down some structures with bulldozers and ripping the interiors out of others . "  There is still a lot of work to be done here , " said Fitzgibbon . "  right now our motor pool , the place we 're supposed to park our vehicles , is a lake . "	Troops had n't even finished painting their emblem when they got orders to move Redeployment put strain on battalion , trained to clear mines and bombs from roads CNN traveled with troops as they flew from one war zone to the next Soldiers say they are ready for the new mission in the new battlefield
EW.com  -- Perhaps it 's just the nature of the cycles of pop music , but does n't it seem like Britney Spears has been gone for a while ? Her last album , "  Femme Fatale , " came out in 2011 , but for some reason it seems like she 's been missing in action for twice that time . Regardless , Brit is back with a vengeance . Her new album 's first single and video , "  Work B *** h , " has already dropped , and yesterday she revealed that the new collection , which will be out December 3 , is called "  Britney Jean . " Before you go assuming that she 's making some sort of awesome meta-allusion to Michael Jackson 's "  Billie Jean , " just know that "  Jean " is actually Spears ' given middle name . Call the governor , Britney Spears lives fancy in ` Work B *** h ' "  It 's a personal album , and all my family , they all call me Britney Jean , it 's like a term of endearment , and I just wanted to share that with my fans , " she told London 's Capital FM yesterday . Other details are relatively scarce , though we do know that Will.i.am is serving as executive producer and that "  Work B *** h " does n't necessarily represent the album as a whole . Is Britney Spears ' ` Work B *** h ' video too sexual ? Director weighs in "  That song is a reflection of Britney moreso than the album , " Will told Billboard . "  The album is what the album is , but we felt that song needed to come out to keep the foundation on what Britney represents . But it should n't reflect the albumâ $ " an album is a body of work as a collective . If we had to pick a song like , ` Oh , what song fits every color of the record , ' you should n't do that ... We felt that song represents ` Piece of Me , ' that Britney oomph . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Britney Spears ' new album will be called "  Britney Jean " "  Jean " is Spears ' real middle name , and her family calls her "  Britney Jean " Spears : "  It 's a personal album ... and I wanted to share that with my fans " "  Britney Jean " is due to arrive December 3
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Anti-Gadhafi forces Saturday claimed a new military advance into the deposed Libyan dictator 's hometown Sirte , while a fuel storage warehouse fire at the port of the country 's capital city Tripoli in the west sent plumes of smoke into the air . National Transitional Council forces took a neighborhood previously held by remnants still loyal to Moammar Gadhafi , according to a spokesman . Twenty-four hours of NATO aerial bombardments preceded the advance . The western military alliance "  struck a series of targets  Gadhafi  forces used in order to threaten the civilian population of Sirte , " NATO said in a statement . "  Among the reports emerging from Sirte are executions , hostage-taking , and the calculated targeting of individuals , families , and communities within the city , " according to NATO , which also pointed to the involvement of mercenaries on the pro-Gadhafi side and denial of civilian access to food , water and medical care . Targets included a munitions stash , a command post and three large guns . During the advance , NTC fighters "  removed all the Gadhafi loyalists ' checkpoints in that area , allowing for more revolutionaries to enter the town for the first time , " said spokesman Adel Ghuleak with the NTC in Misrata . He said senior Gadhafi military members were in the neighborhood , a claim CNN is not able to confirm . Thirty NTC fighters sustained injuries in the push , Ghuleak said . One person died after a navy fuel warehouse at caught fire Saturday afternoon in Tripoli 's port , according to a local physician . Twelve more suffered smoke inhalation , said Dr. Tarek Abu Selim , from Tripoli Central Hospital , who was at the scene during the fire . NTC security arrived at the scene and secured the surrounding area , blocking roads leading to the burning site and firing into the air to drive back dozens of onlookers . Journalists ' access was limited . Sporadic explosions could be heard in the Libyan capital for an hour as the fire spread . The blaze has since been extinguished and the explosions ceased . A fire crew sprayed water on a ship docked near the warehouse , but it was not clear if the ship was burning . Libya 's NTC is to hold an urgent meeting Sunday to discuss the formation of an interim government , a senior council member told CNN Friday . Mohammed Naser , the council member , said the formation of a government could take up to one week , but NTC members agreed that the interim government would include a premier , a vice premier , and 22 ministers . Earlier in the week , Elamin Belhaj , a senior member of the NTC , told CNN the formation of a Libyan government would not be announced until anti-Gadhafi forces controlled the borders of the country and liberated three cities that still remained under loyalist control -- Bani Walid , Sirte and Sabha -- a task that could take up to one month , he said . The NTC , he said , will expand as cities are liberated in order to give representation to all regions of the country . Ultimately , the council could have approximately 80 members ; it currently has 43 . Elections for a National Congress is slated to take place in eight months . At the creation of the congress , the interim government will cease to exist . Journalist Mohammed Fahmy and CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .	NEW : One dead , 12 injured in Tripoli fire at a naval fuel storage facility NATO carried out bombing campaign on Sirte from Saturday into Sunday Anti-Gadhafi fighters claim progress in fight against Sirte 's Gadhafi loyalists NTC fighters suffer 30 injuries in the offensive
Washington  CNN  -- Two FBI special agents were killed Friday during a training exercise off the coast of Virginia Beach , Virginia , the bureau said in a statement released Sunday . "  Special Agent Christopher Lorek and Special Agent Stephen Shaw were assigned to the FBI 's Critical Incident Response Group . The cause of the incident is under review . " An official who asked not to be identified told CNN that the two agents were killed in a hostage rescue training exercise . The official gave no further details .	Two special agents died Friday in an incident during training , the FBI says An official says they were killed during a hostage rescue training exercise
CNN  -- Not divulging why she left , a Georgia sheriff said Thursday that a mother of five who disappeared last week is safe , healthy and not about to face criminal charges . "  The case of Wazineh Suleiman is closed , " Bartow County Sheriff Clark Millsap told reporters in Cartersville . "  She is in a safe location , she is alive , she is well . " Suleiman had n't been heard from since last Friday night , when her husband arrived home to find the couple 's children , ages 6 through 12 alone , and no sign of his wife since she 'd left him uncharacteristically profane text messages . Millsap on Thursday refused to explain why Suleiman may have gone missing , saying only that "  why she left is her business , and not ours . " "  Our main concern was to make sure that she was safe and we have discovered that , " the sheriff said . "  Anything that is going on at her residence is her business and her husband 's business . " Since being found , the woman told authorities that she does not want "  to let anyone know where she is " -- a request Millsap said law enforcement officers will respect . Police also have not offered details about how or where she was found . The sheriff said that no criminal charges will be filed against anyone in the case . Earlier Thursday , her father , Basem Jaber , said only that Suleiman was "  safe " and with members of the sheriff 's department . He said he did not know why his daughter went missing , saying only he was very happy she 'd been found and he expected to see her for the first time later Thursday afternoon . "  She 's good , she 's in good condition , " he told reporters Thursday outside the Bartow County sheriff 's office . Suleiman 's husband , Abed Suleiman , has said that , after attending Friday prayers , he brought home four pizzas at his wife 's request and the family ate dinner together . He then set out for Kentucky on a turkey hunting trip with a male friend . When Abed Suleiman and his friend were about an hour from home they were informed that turkey hunting season was to begin the following weekend . They immediately turned around , the husband said . The friend corroborated the story and receipts back it up , Millsap has said . Wazineh Suleiman was last heard from that night , according to her husband of 14 years , in the form of profanity-laced text messages that she sent him . "  It 's over and I 'm throwing the phone out the window , " read one of the messages . Others contained curses , including the f-word , he said , "  She would never , ever send me a text message or use that word in front of me or to me at all , " Abed Suleiman said Wednesday on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " "  That 's the way she is , " he said . His 30-year-old wife is a kindergarten teacher 's assistant . When he arrived home last Friday around 9 p.m. , Abed Suleiman found his five children home alone , something he said had never happened before at night . His oldest child told him their mother had been gone 10 minutes . The husband said he thought Wazineh Suleiman had gone to a Walmart to rent a video . But police say there is no evidence she ever made it to Walmart . Later that evening , Abed Suleiman called police to report her missing . Until Thursday , the biggest development in the case came Tuesday , when the family 's 2004 Nissan Armada was found in an empty parking lot near Interstate 75 . Abed Suleiman , a pharmacist , said Wednesday that his wife 's credit cards had n't been used since she went missing . The couple filed for bankruptcy in August . Abed Suleiman said , "  I have a good income and I bought two very expensive properties in south Florida " that they ended up being unable to afford . HLN 's Philip Rosenbaum contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : "  The case of Wazineh Suleiman is closed , " a Georgia county sheriff says NEW : The sheriff says he wo n't divulge her location or explain why she went missing Her father says she 's "  in good condition " ; he does n't know what happened The woman left their five children alone at their Bartow County home Friday night
Editor 's Note : This is the third in a five-part series exploring Judge Sonia Sotomayor 's background and life with those who know her , and revealing the experiences that might shape her views as a Supreme Court justice if confirmed . Sotomayor won the Moses Taylor Pyne Prize , the highest honor given to an undergraduate at Princeton . PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- Sonia Sotomayor spent her first week at Princeton University obsessing over the sound of a cricket . Growing up in New York City , her only notion of this insect was Jiminy from "  Pinocchio . " She tore her dorm room apart looking for the critter every night . Finally , her then-boyfriend and future husband visited and explained that the cricket was outside the room , where she had been holed up most of that week in 1972 . "  This was all new to me : we did n't have trees brushing up against windows in the South Bronx , " Sotomayor recalled in a speech to the Princeton Women 's Network in 2002 . The freshman who was so taken aback by a cricket 's chirping now has a more public challenge : Senate hearings on whether to confirm her as a Supreme Court justice , potentially the first Latina to hold such a post . At one time , being different may have been difficult -- for it was n't just Princeton 's crickets that startled Sotomayor . The academics and the students on the leafy Gothic campus , with its ivy-covered dormitories and castle-like towers , also made her feel out of place . Sotomayor , who was on a full scholarship , started "  a little more on the shy side , " said Sergio Sotolongo , who attended high school and Princeton with Sotomayor . "  She did mention that , as a freshman , she felt sometimes intimidated by others and did n't really raise her hand very much , " said Sotolongo , now chairman and CEO of Student Funding Group in Liberty Corner , New Jersey . Watch classmates , professor remember Sotomayor " As a first-year student , Sotomayor felt what she 's called a "  chasm " between herself and her classmates . She really only knew the Bronx and Puerto Rico , while her classmates spoke of European vacations and skiing . She said in 1990 that she felt she was a "  product of affirmative action " and questioned whether she would have been accepted into the Ivy League using "  traditional numbers " from test scores alone . See how many of the Supreme Court justices went to Ivy League schools " She would certainly have looked different to her classmates , with relatively few Latinos or minorities at Princeton during her college years . Even being a woman was different for Sotomayor 's class -- the college had opened its doors to women three years earlier , but male students were still superior in numbers and  in some cases  attitudes . Judith Perlman , who lived down the hall , explained : "  I 'd go to class and I would say things , and the professor would say , ` Oh , we usually express ourselves in a more gentlemanly fashion here . ' " Perlman and Sotomayor shared "  girl talk " but about what they wanted to do with their lives , not about things like fashion , which interested neither . Academically , Sotomayor also faced a gap . She would later graduate summa cum laude and be awarded the top undergraduate honor , the Moses Taylor Pyne Prize , but she stumbled that first year . Peter Winn , who taught Sotomayor and was her thesis adviser , said her early writing reflected the fact that her first language is Spanish . "  She could be very assertive and very articulate , but not initially , " said Winn , now a professor at Tufts University . "  Sonia was someone who entered Princeton as a young woman with enormous potential , and one of the things that happened at Princeton was , she learned how to fulfill that potential , " he said . Nancy Weiss Malkiel , now dean of the college , agreed with Winn , writing in an e-mail that Sotomayor came to Princeton "  with high intelligence and great ability , but without a very sophisticated grounding in the study of history . " Malkiel , who taught history , said she worked with Sotomayor to develop the student 's skills in the spring of her first year . Sotomayor also worked independently , spending one summer reading classics that were new to her , including "  Alice in Wonderland , " "  Huckleberry Finn , " and "  Pride and Prejudice , " to attune herself more to the cadences of English , she has said . Despite the challenges , the young woman encouraged her friend from the Bronx , Sotolongo , who is one year younger , to enroll in the fall of 1973 . "  In the end , clearly she was very happy to have gone to Princeton , " Sotolongo said . And by the time Sotolongo began his freshman year , Sotomayor was showing off a new personality . "  She certainly opened up as she got her feet under her , " said James Resnick , who also majored in history and is now a consultant at Keystone CompControl in Butler , Pennsylvania . With Charles Hey-Maestre , who was a year behind her , Sotomayor founded the student organization Accion Puertorriquena and by 1974 she was speaking out for the group in the Daily Princetonian student paper . The group helped to file a complaint with the Department of Health , Education and Welfare , alleging that Princeton showed a "  lack of commitment " in recruiting Latino students and hiring Latino faculty and administrators . Hey-Maestre , now executive director of Puerto Rico Legal Services in San Juan , Puerto Rico , said Sotomayor "  has the ability also that if she 's feeling insecure about something , she manages it , and does n't project it . " Latino affairs seemed to be an outlet for Sotomayor socially . Hey-Maestre said she was focused on her studies but went to some parties , especially Puerto Rican cultural celebrations . Otherwise , Hey-Maestre and Perlman remember , Sotomayor spent time with her off-campus boyfriend , Kevin Edward Noonan . They were later married , but divorced after seven years . Outside the university , Sotomayor volunteered at the Trenton Psychiatric Hospital as an interpreter . She talked at length with Sotolongo , while he was working on a project at the Trenton police department , about why youth got involved in criminal activities and how the cycle of recidivism might start and stop . "  Those were issues she was very concerned about , and I think in whatever circles she could , made those feelings known and expressed them , " Sotolongo said . See photos from Sotomayor 's life " Sotomayor 's interest in Puerto Rican matters fed her as a history major . She wrote her undergraduate thesis on Luis Munoz Marin , the first governor of the island elected by popular vote . "  She was bending over backwards to be fair to points of view she did n't necessarily agree with , " Winn said . The Sonia Sotomayor who went on to Yale Law School had matured , with classmates describing her as "  always willing to raise her hand , " "  confident , " "  outgoing , " and "  one of the more outspoken people . " Read more about her time at Yale She may still have been the girl from the Bronx , but she did not try to use her experience of hardship as leverage , said Stephen Carter , a Yale classmate of Sotomayor and now a professor there . "  She would never sit around and say , ` Oh , well , I grew up in a housing project so I know , ' " Carter said . "  She did n't feel her background gave her some kind of special trump . She wanted the argument to work . She would tell you why she thought something , and the ` why ' never had anything to do with where she came from . "	Sonia Sotomayor arrived at Princeton in 1972 in fourth co-ed class She read children 's classics to enhance her English writing skills She launched a Puerto Rico action group and campaigned for Latinos By the time she went to Yale , she was confident and outgoing , classmate recalls
CNN  -- Ray Lewis had to wait a half hour , but the Raven got the swan song he wanted . The renowned linebacker , considered by many to be one of the greatest to ever play the game , went out a winner , as the Baltimore Ravens beat the San Francisco 49ers 34-31 in a Super Bowl delayed by a third-quarter power outage . "  What better way to go out , " Lewis said after the Sunday night win at the Superdome in New Orleans . "  The things that we have been through all year , we were battle tested through this journey , the up and down roller coaster , the injuries , the passings of people . We stayed together , and now I get to ride off into the sunset with my second ring . " The Ravens took a 22-point lead before the 49ers rallied after a 35-minute delay for a power failure . San Francisco got within two points , but Baltimore held on . "  We talk to our guys all the time , it 's never very pretty , it 's never perfect but it is us , " Baltimore coach John Harbaugh said . It is the second victory in the NFL championship for the Ravens , who also won Super Bowl XXXV . It was also a bitter sweet one for coach John Harbaugh . His younger brother , Jim , is the 49ers ' coach . Lights go out About 90 second into the third quarter and with the Ravens leading 28-6 , the power in about half of the Superdome went out . The referee called a halt to the game , while stadium officials worked to fix the problem . Players sat on the field , stretching or talking to one another . Spectators -- and there were 71,024 in attendance -- mostly stayead in their seats . About 35 minutes later -- and with the cause of the outage not fully known -- the game resumed . The break in play appeared to help the 49ers , who scored three times in just over four minutes . Michael Crabtree scored on a 31-yard touchdown throw from Colin Kaepernick and Frank Gore scored on a six-yard run . David Akers kicked his third field goal of the contest as the 49ers scored the first 17 points after the near blackout . "  I felt our guys battled , they competed , " losing coach Jim Harbaugh said . "  We got a spark , and we were n't going to look back . It was a heck of a football game . " ` Heck of a football game ' After Ravens rookie Justin Tucker kicked a field goal , Kaepenick scored on a 15-yard scamper -- the longest touchdown run by a quarterback in Super Bowl history . The 49ers went for a two-point conversion that would have tied the score , but Kaepernick threw too high . Another Tucker field goal made it 34-29 Ravens before the 49ers had their final shot . The 49ers drove to the Ravens ' five-yard line but Kaepernick 's lofted pass to Crabtree sailed out of bounds with 1:49 remaining . Jim Harbaugh pleaded with the officials to call a holding penalty on the Ravens ' defensive back , but there was no flag . After running three plays , the Ravens took a safety with four seconds left in the game instead of punting out of their end zone . The 49ers ran out of time as they returned the game-ending free kick . Ravens ' quarterback Joe Flacco -- who was selected as the game 's most valuable player -- was 22 of 33 for 287 yards . Kaepernick was 16 of 28 for 246 yards . Flacco threw red-zone touchdown passes in the first half -- the first to Anquan Boldin and another to Dennis Pitta . He also hit Jones for a 56-yard touchdown pass , where the wide-open receiver fell down catching the ball at the 8-yard line , got up and evaded one defender before sprinting into the end zone . Baltimoreans rejoice Late Sunday night , euphoric Baltimore residents spilled into the streets , dancing and waving flags . Many darted in between cars , which in turn honked their horns and joined in the celebrations . "  I think it 's a very exciting time for us , " City Police Commissioner Anthony Batts told CNN . He said his officers were keeping an eye but were letting residents enjoy themselves . "  We have a number of residents that are out doing celebratory jumping in the street , which is normal and expected . " Back in New Orleans , the Harbaugh brothers met at midfield after the game . "  I told him I was proud of him " Jim Harbaugh said . "  I think he said the same . " Five Super Bowl moments to talk about #BlackoutBowl generates social media moment for jokesters , advertisers	All-time great Ray Lewis says win is perfect way to "  ride off into the sunset " Power outage in half of the Superdome delays the game for about 35 minutes Ravens QB Joe Flacco throws three TD passes , wins MVP honor San Francisco trailed by 22 , cut deficit to 2 at one point
CNN  -- A day after the Federal Elections Commission slapped Joe Biden with a $ 219,000 fine for spending violations during his failed presidential bid , a spokeswoman for the vice president is calling the ruling "  commonplace . " "  Some repayment is commonplace after presidential campaign audits and the repayment ordered here is relatively small , " said Biden spokeswoman Elizabeth Alexander . "  Payment is due to the Treasury 30 days after the FEC issues its formal ruling and ` Biden for President ' will comply with that . " In a report released Friday , the FEC said a mandatory audit showed the campaign had accepted contributions above the legal limit , failed to adequately pay for rides on a private jet , and issued several checks that had never been cashed . Specifically , the FEC found Biden had not returned more than $ 106,000 in contributions that exceeded the legal limit of $ 2,300 per-person for a presidential candidate.The FEC also found the committee had not returned more than $ 1 million in over-the-limit contributions in "  a timely manner . " The commission report also said the campaign failed to adequately pay for a ride three people received on a private jet between New Hampshire and Iowa in June of 2007 because the campaign reimbursed the owner of the aircraft at a significantly below-market rate . The reimbursement for the flight was based on comparable commercial first-class tickets . But because the plane was designated by the Federal Aviation Administration as a charter aircraft , the campaign underpaid by close to $ 27,000 , the FEC report says . The FEC report also found Biden owes $ 86,000 as a result of stale-dated checks -- that is , checks that the payees have not cashed . According to the FEC , if the campaign has issued checks that the payees have not cashed within a reasonable time frame , the campaign must reimburse the Treasury for the amount of the outstanding checks . "  Stale dated checks are where someone contributes over the allowed max and campaign sends back refund of overage , but the check is never cashed , " said a senior administration official in the vice president 's office . "  This is common and obviously not in the campaign 's control . The excess contributions were less than 1 percent of the money raised ; the vendor errors were well under 1 percent -- one half of one percent . " The findings are the result of a mandatory audit because Biden accepted taxpayer money as a result of opting into the public financing system . In all , Biden received $ 857,189 in taxpayer funds to run his campaign . Biden dropped his bid for president in January 2008 after a fifth place finish in the Iowa caucuses . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	Federal Election Commission hits Vice President Biden with $ 219,000 fine Biden 's 2008 campaign accepted contributions beyond the legal limit , FEC says Biden spokeswoman says the campaign will comply with the terms of the fine
Editor 's note : CNN has asked its journalists across the country to offer their thoughts on how the economic crisis is affecting their cities . In this installment , All Platform Journalist Jim Spellman reports from Denver , Colorado . Hari Dallakoti says business at his UPS store in Denver , Colorado , is down 25 percent . DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- The conventional wisdom here in the Mile High City is that Denver entered the recession early and is pulling out of it ahead of the rest of the country . Time and again I have heard politicians , journalists and business people tell me that it is n't so bad here , that Denver is poised to lead the nation in an economic recovery . Maybe , but the signs on the ground are a little harder to read . Down on Broadway I stop by a UPS store a couple of times a week . The owner 's name is Hari Dallakoti . Dallakoti always has a smile on his face and seems to know all his customers by name -- he was calling out to me by the second time I entered the shop . People drop by to ship out packages , make copies and pick up deliveries . There is always a crowd when I have been in , but Dallakoti tells me business is down 25 percent this month versus the same time last year . "  Finally it 's hitting in this area , and I believe that people are afraid of spending money , " he says . "  It 's like a ripple effect , and I think I am feeling it now . " Dallakoti says customers who once sent birthday presents across the country are now only sending cards . Also , eBay-related shipping is down , and he has seen a falloff in people sending mortgage-related documents . He has five employees and says he has n't had to let anyone go , but he has had to cut back their hours . He agrees that business is better in Denver than in other parts of the country and is confident he will weather the economic storm , but it may be a while before things get better for him . "  In my opinion it 's going to get worse for the next couple , three months , and I 'm hoping it will turn around after June , " he says . Watch how the downturn is affecting Denver " A block up Broadway is a little guitar store called Music Gear Guys . I play guitar , and this was one of the first businesses I stopped by when I moved to Denver in January . I have been in the shop four or five times and have been surprised that every time I drop by , the place is packed . "  The recession affected us a little last year but overall -- knock on wood -- it has n't really affected me too much , " says owner Gregory Decker , who thinks the recession may actually be helping his business . "  I have a feeling that people are looking for hobbies or different forms of entertainment that are n't too expensive , " Decker explains . His store is crowded with new and used guitars , amplifiers and accessories . He says guitars based on designs from the 1960s are the hot items in the store . Like Dallakoti , the UPS store owner , Decker seems to know all of his customers by name . He says that in this economy you have to focus on customer service to stand a chance . He does n't advertise , instead relying on word of mouth , and keeps overhead low : He is the sole employee . "  Relationships are what make my business thrive . Without them I would n't be as successful , " he says . But even here in a relatively successful small business there are signs of the hard times other people have been experiencing . Beginning last year more customers started coming in to sell Decker their guitars in hopes of making ends meet . "  A lot of people are selling their gear due to job layoffs and needed the money , " he says . The recession started with free-falling housing values and , in this respect , the signs are harder to read . Over the weekend I took my dog for a walk through my neighborhood near Sloans Lake in Northwest Denver and decided to count how many houses were for sale . In a six-block walk , I counted two houses for rent and 13 for sale , including the house next door to me . These homes sit like ghosts in the neighborhood . There are open houses on Sundays , but few people come by . The houses are all well-maintained , though most of them appear to be empty . My neighbors hope these places do n't fall into foreclosure ; they are worried the neighborhood will fall apart if they do . I 'll be keeping my eye on the house next door , and keeping my fingers crossed that my new hometown will be back on track soon .	CNN journalist in Denver , Colorado , weighs in on how economy affecting city UPS store owner says business down at least 25 percent Business brisk at guitar store , but many selling instruments to obtain money Housing market 's slowdown also felt in Mile High City
Seroe Colorado , Aruba  CNN  -- Police in Aruba launched a new search Monday for missing U.S. woman Robyn Gardner , but no body and no new clues were found , Aruban authorities said . The search area , a rugged terrain on the Dutch Caribbean Island , is covered with cactus and other treacherous desert plants . It included a section next to the Correctional Institute of Aruba , where the only suspect connected to the case is being held . The area was selected as a result of information authorities gained after interrogating Gary Giordano , and other information , said Aruba Solicitor General Taco Stein . Police would not go into detail about "  other information " they had obtained . Search teams , including approximately 45 police officers , cadets and Red Cross volunteers , spread out in long lines and walked an area north of the Seroe Colorado lighthouse , just a few miles from Baby Beach and Nanki Point , where Giordano says Gardner disappeared while snorkeling . Along the way firefighters drove their fire trucks down dirt paths and through thick undergrowth into areas where searchers found old well holes . They lowered themselves down ladders and ropes to search for any sign of Gardner . Giordano , 50 , of Gaithersburg , Maryland , has told investigators that he went snorkeling with Gardner on August 2 and that she failed to return to shore with him . According to a transcript , obtained exclusively by CNN , Giordano told police that he feared for his life when he signaled for Gardner to turn back and did n't look for her as he swam for shore . "  I only looked back when I hit a rock , " the document quotes Giordano as telling investigators . "  Before that , I did not look back . I was only busy saving my life . " Gardner had been snorkeling before and was a comfortable swimmer , he said . He showed police scrapes on his legs , but he said he did not know how they happened . Stein said police have interviewed several witnesses in the case , but would not confirm or deny new reports suggesting a fisherman saw the couple leave the beach together . Police have previously said no one saw Gardner and Giordano snorkeling . Giordano and Gardner flew to Aruba on July 31 . A judge ordered last Monday that Giordano could be held until August 31 in connection with Gardner 's disappearance . On Thursday , police said that both Giordano and Gardner had their own travel insurance policies worth $ 1.5 million each . Giordano 's mother is the beneficiary on his policy , Stein said , and authorities have not said who is the beneficiary on Gardner 's policy . It was Giordano himself who told authorities about the travel insurance , Stein said . The transcript shows that Giordano said his mother was the beneficiary on his policy , and that he was not asked who was named on Gardner 's . The FBI brought copies of the policy to Aruba late last week . Giordano 's lawyer , Michael Lopez , has not returned repeated calls for comment regarding the policy . Other evidence in the case includes a camera that Giordano had been using while in Aruba with Gardner . Based on his own conversations with Aruban law enforcement officials , Stein described the photos found on Giordano 's camera as "  explicit . " Richard Forester of Maryland , who describes himself as Gardner 's boyfriend , brushed aside reports of the pictures Monday and said his focus was squarely on locating Gardner . "  There 's a lost American woman there who I love very much and we need to find her , " he told HLN 's "  Issues With Jane Velez-Mitchell . " "  I 'm not going to let this go until we find her . " "  I can get millions of eyes and ears on this . Maybe it 'll touch the right person , who knows somebody , who knows somebody , who saw something , " Forester said . DNA tests have been taken from Giordano and sent to Holland for processing , Stein said Thursday . No time was given as to when those results could be expected . CNN 's Martin Savidge and Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I 'm not going to let this go until we find her , " Richard Forester says Officials find no body or new clues in the search for Robyn Gardner Police : The new search area is based on Gary Giordano 's interrogation Gardner did not come back after the two went snorkeling August 2 , Giordano says
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- Two years ago , Karen Daniel was wider around than she was tall . "  It 's a lot harder to be fat than it is to work so hard at being fit , " says Karen Daniel who has lost 175 pounds . Weighing 375 pounds , the 45-year-old wife and mother had high blood pressure ; her knees hurt and she was always hot . She felt fatigued and could barely breathe at the slightest exertion . Even the simplest things became a chore -- tying her shoes , crossing her legs , getting in and out of the car or trying to fit into a chair with arms . "  I was n't living ... I was just existing , " recalled Daniel . She had n't always struggled with her weight . Daniel said she started gaining weight at age 18 after moving out of her parents ' home to live on her own . By the time she married her husband , Paul , at age 22 , she weighed 225 pounds . "  Whenever something happened , I used food , " said Daniel . "  It was like my drug of choice was food . I never did drugs or alcohol . I was addicted to food . " Seven months after her wedding and another 50 pounds later , Daniel became pregnant with her first child . Instead of gaining weight during the pregnancy , she lost 75 pounds after a doctor warned her not to use it as an excuse to eat . But after her daughter Sarah was born , Daniel gained back all the weight she 'd lost and then some . Ten years later , she weighed 300 pounds and became pregnant with their second child , Mckenna . Again , she lost weight during the pregnancy , but with the stress of having another child and running her own business , she turned to food . By the time her youngest daughter was 10 years old , Daniel weighed 375 pounds . "  I ate all the time . ... I was stuffing my emotions , I was eating my emotions , " said Daniel . "  When I would finally get -LSB- Mckenna -RSB- to bed at night , I would stay up late and that was my time alone . I tried to de-stress and wind down and I 'd watch TV and eat . It was mindless eating . " Mentally , something started to click and Daniel began to wonder how and why she had allowed her weight to spiral out of control . She said there was no "  lightbulb " moment or wake-up call that made her realize she 'd had enough . For her , there was a series of events that helped her finally realize she was tired of being morbidly obese . Watch Karen Daniel take flight to achieve a lifelong dream " "  I could n't bend over to tie my shoes , get down on the ground or fit into chairs . Everything was hard , " said Daniel . "  You 're constantly worried about fitting on the toilet or in the shower or visiting someone 's house and -LSB- worrying -RSB- about breaking a chair . It affects every minute of your life and you do n't realize it . " As fate would have it , she saw a TV commercial for exercise equipment that was being sold at a local gym . It was geared toward senior citizens , but Daniel saw it as a start . When she showed up to buy it , she met the gym 's owner , Bill Crawford . "  He gave me some of his literature and told me if I needed anything or a jump-start to give him a call , " said Daniel . See Daniel 's before-and-after photos " When Daniel got home , she told her sister , Jan , she was thinking about hiring Crawford as her personal trainer , but she was hesitant . Her sister asked if she would have to think twice about hiring a trainer if it were for her husband or daughters . "  She made me realize I was worth it as much as they were , " said Daniel , whose fear of failure kept her from telling people outside her family about her plans to work out . On September 15 , 2006 , Daniel showed up for her first training session . She was wearing a dress over her workout clothes because she refused to be seen in size 40W pants . "  When Karen first walked in the door , she weighed 375 pounds and she could barely make it from the car to the front door , " recalled Crawford , founder of Basic Training in Phoenix , Arizona . "  I knew that just making it to the front door of a fitness center was a big deal . " Before her first workout , Crawford took her measurements , but the tape measure was n't long enough to fit around her hips . He needed seven more inches . "  I was 67 inches around on my butt and 65 inches tall . So I was two inches bigger around than I was tall , " said Daniel , who had a body fat percentage of 54.60 percent . "  I also could n't fit on his scale or in some of his machines when I started . " Crawford and Daniel improvised and she made it through her first hourlong workout . She continued to train for one hour , three times a week and said even though she "  hated every minute of it " she pushed herself . "  It was extremely hard , I 'm not gon na lie , " said Daniel . "  I could n't count down the minutes fast enough . It was something I did not enjoy -- I was so out of breath . I was sweaty , hot . But as soon as I stepped out that door , it was so worth it to me because I felt so much better about what I had accomplished . I knew I made it through one more workout . I knew it was getting me closer to where I wanted to be . " In addition to the one-on-one training sessions , Daniel modified her diet , eating more proteins and complex carbohydrates . She also eliminated bread and pasta and reduced her intake of sugar , salt and processed foods . If she craved something sweet , she ate a piece of fruit . She cooked with olive oil instead of butter . Just short of her one-year anniversary , she had lost 102 pounds . Her daughters gave her a Tiffany bracelet and her sister , Jan , treated her to her first pedicure . Crawford , her trainer , celebrated her success with a reminder . "  I had her take two 50-pound dumbbells and walk out to the street and walk back , " recalled Crawford . "  When she got back she was exhausted and that 's the kind of weight people have to carry when they 're overweight like that . " On her one-year anniversary , Daniel had lost 114 pounds . By her two-year anniversary on September 15 , 2008 , she had lost 170 pounds . Now weighing around 200 pounds , she has gone from wearing a women 's size 30 dress to a size 14 and she 's gone from wearing a double-wide shoe to a medium width . Since losing the weight , Daniel has celebrated many milestones she never would have achieved weighing nearly 400 pounds , such as attending sporting events with her family , white-water rafting , kayaking , flying on an airplane without buying two tickets or using a seatbelt extender or simply being able to look down and see her feet . She recently achieved one of her lifelong dreams : riding in a hot air balloon over the Arizona desert . Today , she works out nine times a week -- doing cardio and weight training twice a day with Crawford on Monday , Wednesday and Friday . Then she does a mix of cardio and weight-resistance classes on Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday . Even though she now enjoys working out , staying on track is a constant struggle . Daniel said losing weight has been the hardest thing she 's ever done . "  Every minute of my life was about my weight . What I could n't do . Things I could n't accomplish , " said Daniel , who admitted it was hard to get started . "  It 's a lot harder to be fat than it is to work so hard at being fit . Fit feels so good . " What 's next for Daniel ? She wants to lose 35 to 40 more pounds before her 48th birthday and keep adding to the list of things she wants to do to make sure she savors every moment . Most of all , Daniel hopes to inspire others by sharing her weight-loss story on her Web site , www.ihavebones.com . "  I just wish they would take the first step , because it 's so worth it . Your life is so much better than worrying about where you 're going to sit and how you 're going to sit . You can actually ... enjoy life ! " Matt Sloane contributed to this report .	At her heaviest , Karen Daniel weighed 375 pounds ; she was 67 inches around She battled fatigue , hypertension and was more than 54 percent body fat Daniel hired a personal trainer and ate a high protein , low-carb , no sugar diet Two years later , she 'd lost 175 pounds and went from wearing size 30 to 14
CNN  -- He was just 18 years old when he got the news . It was the summer before his senior year in high school . "  I had a fever of 103 , " Bryan Seth Johnson said . "  My body was hurting ; I was n't eating , could n't hold down food . I just felt weak all the time . " He went to the hospital , told them he was having difficulty swallowing and was treated for tonsillitis . But he did n't have tonsillitis . Johnson had the human immunodeficiency virus , better known as HIV . "  I was basically in shock , because the guy I got HIV from works in the HIV-prevention field , " Johnson recalled . "  He deleted me from Facebook and basically cut all communication out . " At the time , Johnson was getting tested for sexually transmitted diseases every three months at SMYAL , an organization dedicated to supporting lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender and questioning youth in Washington . Johnson says he generally practiced safe sex , but once , when he was under the influence , he had unprotected sex . Still , "  I was in denial at the time . I thought it might be a false test . " So he got retested . He remembers the date : September 16 . The result was the same . "  The bus ride home was so quiet . Even though there was a whole bunch of noise around me , I blocked everything out . " At home , he could not tell his mother ; her baby brother had died of AIDS complications two years before Johnson was born . One in a million At the 20th International AIDS Conference in Melbourne , Australia , this week , young people from over 50 countries gathered to make sure the issues of their generation were heard . The numbers are quite startling . Globally , 5 million young people between the ages of 15 and 24 are living with HIV . They represent 41 % of all new infections . About 2,500 young people become infected every day , according to Advocates for Youth , an organization that works here and in developing countries . In the United States , 26 % of all new HIV infections are among young people ages 13 to 24 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Most new infections are among young gay and bisexual males . Yet only one in five high school students who has had sex has been tested for HIV , according to a new CDC report  PDF  on sexual risk behaviors . Although the majority of sexually active teens report using condoms , those numbers are decreasing , said Dr. Stephanie Zaza , director of the CDC 's Division of Adolescent and School Health . "  Teens are unaware of their risk of HIV and how to protect themselves , " Zaza said . "  As parents and health professionals , and as educators , we need to take responsibility to help them learn about HIV . " ` We know what works ' A staggering 60 % of youths with HIV in the United States do n't know that they are infected , which leads us to an even more troubling statistic : In 2011 , about 3,000 young people in this country were diagnosed with AIDS , an increase of 29 % since 2008 . "  That makes me sick to my stomach , " said Adam Tanner , executive director of Metro TeenAIDS in Washington . "  I 'm horrified . I think we 're in a moment now where there is more complacency around HIV . " Metro TeenAIDS is a community health organization working with young people to end HIV/AIDS . It 's where Johnson went to be retested , and after his diagnosis , he began volunteering with the group . Tanner says two-thirds of Metro TeenAIDS ' clients who come in for testing have had unprotected sex in the past year . Two years ago , a Kaiser Family Foundation survey found that 64 % of 15 - to 24-year-olds in the United States do n't get tested because they think they 're not at risk . More than 40 % said they did n't get tested because their doctors never suggested it . "  We know what works to end the epidemic , " Tanner said . "  We have better medications than we 've ever had before . We need to arm young people with basic education about how HIV is transmitted . ... All the data suggest that by fourth grade , we should be starting those conversations about sex . " The United States is one of 10 countries that make up 61 % of HIV cases , says Cornelius Baker , acting director of the HIV/AIDS division at the nonprofit group FHI 360 . "  We have the tools to protect our young people through education , quality health care and family and community support , " Baker said . "  If we continue to fail them , our hopes of an AIDS-free generation will be lost . " Safe sex or no sex Brennan Stewart , 22 , understands the importance of educating young people . He was diagnosed with HIV at age 16 . Stewart had just had a routine physical and blood work done . His mother delivered the news . "  My first thought was death . I was going to die , " Stewart recalled . "  I felt like , oh , my God , I 'm just this dirty person . ... I 've contracted something that 's going to mess up my life . " He 's not sure how he got it . He says he practiced safe sex but not all the time . He never got sick , never had any symptoms of the disease . A few months after the diagnosis , he started taking medication . Today , he takes one pill a day and has no side effects . He says his viral load is undetectable . Metro TeenAIDS has kept him on track , making sure he does what he needs to do to stay healthy . He wants other teens to know what he learned the "  extremely " hard way . "  If you think it ca n't happen to you , it can , " he said emphatically . "  You have to get tested , because if you do n't , you can put your life in danger , as well as somebody else 's life . " Oh , "  and wrap it up , " he said . "  Either safe sex or no sex . " What to know about HIV/AIDS Daily HIV prevention pill recommended for those at risk Opinion : How to find an AIDS cure for all	Globally , 5 million young people between the ages of 15 and 24 are living with HIV Only one in five American high school students has been tested Survey shows teens do n't worry about becoming infected , may not be using protection
CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II reflected on a year of personal and Olympic celebration in a Christmas message Tuesday that emphasized serving others . "  This past year has been one of great celebration for many , " the 86-year-old monarch said in a videotaped message , reflecting on her Diamond Jubilee , which she called "  especially memorable for me and my family . " She added : "  It was humbling that so many chose to mark the anniversary of a duty which passed to me 60 years ago . " Photos : Diamond Jubilee celebrations Her message also cited "  a splendid summer of sport " with the London Olympic and Paralympic Games , which she called inspiring and filled with excitement and drama . The queen noted that Christmas celebrates God sending his only son "  to serve , not to be served . " "  He restored love and service to the center of our lives in the person of Jesus Christ , " she said . "  It is my prayer this Christmas Day that his example and teaching will continue to bring people together to give the best of themselves in the service of others . " Prince William : 30 years in photos	The queen 's Christmas message calls for service to others She mentions her Diamond Jubilee and the London Olympics as highlights of 2012 "  This past year has been one of great celebration for many , " the queen says Queen Elizabeth prays that Christ 's example and teaching inspire service
CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder strode in to a raucously triumphant welcome at Justice Department headquarters on cold , sunny February morning in 2009 , less than a month after the inauguration of President Barack Obama . Hundreds of staffers packed the stairwells and hallways , cheering loudly as he made his way , as he called it , back home . This was the department where he first started his career as a lawyer in the public corruption unit in 1976 , and where he has served 26 years , including as deputy attorney general in the Clinton administration , and for a few days as acting attorney general under President George W. Bush . They mobbed him as he stood in the wood-paneled law library and gave an impromptu speech promising to turn the page from political scandals during the Bush administration . Cheers rang out again after Vice President Joe Biden administered the oath of office and Holder vowed to return the department to "  what it once was . " More than five years later , Holder is leaving the department , marking as his top accomplishments : the Justice Department 's civil rights division , revising policies aimed at reducing the racial disparity in prison sentencing , and defending the use of federal civilian courts to try terrorists against a push by conservatives to use military courts at the U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . President Obama hailed Holder 's role in the administration 's decision to stop defending the federal ban on recognizing same-sex marriages , which has opened the way to some of the most sweeping changes in gay rights . Related : Who might replace Eric Holder ? His critics would also note that despite promising to change Bush-era counterterrorism policies , Holder signed off on ever-expanding government mass surveillance programs by the National Security Agency . Under his watch , the department also aggressively sought phone records of reporters in the hunt for national security leakers . That makes his record on civil liberties more complicated than his record on civil rights issues , critics argue . One of Holder 's heroes is Robert F. Kennedy , who used the Justice Department to push the agenda of civil rights . At the same time , RFK also signed off on J. Edgar Hoover 's invasive surveillance of civil rights Martin Luther King Jr. on suspicion of being a communist . At a White House ceremony to announce his plan to step down President Obama called him "  the people 's lawyer . " Holder 's voice broke as he thanked the president for affording him "  the greatest honor of my professional life . " The ceremony reflected the fact the attorney general 's own view that he is leaving on top , and after having grown to be a close friend to the president . He survived many trials , taking blows on the president 's behalf , as has become normal for the attorney general job in this highly-politicized era . His fights with congressional Republicans left scars ; they made him the first sitting cabinet member to be held in contempt of Congress . In recent months , Holder seized the opportunity to use his credibility on race issues by traveling to Ferguson , Mo. , to try to ease tensions following the shooting of Michael Brown , an 18-year-old black man , by a white police officer . He launched an investigation of the police department , the latest in a string of such probes around the nation . Related : Feds probe Ferguson police One of his frustrations during his tenure is the Justice Department 's inability to find prosecutable crimes to pursue against bankers linked to the global financial crisis . Holder instead has overseen a push to bring civil cases that have wrung billions of dollars in settlements from some of the world 's biggest banks . Holder 's defenders say that the criticism over civil liberties reflects the view of liberals who have set an impossible standard in an era with real national security threats from terrorism . In some ways , Holder 's more cautious stance on national security programs came after he learned early in his tenure that turning away from Bush-era policies would be easier said than done . Read more : Holder 's legacy competes between security , civil rights Within weeks of taking office , Holder tussled with the CIA and with conservatives in Congress , over his push to release Justice Department legal memorandums that authorized torture as part of the CIA 's interrogations of terror suspects . Behind the scenes he also drew fire from some in the White House , where Obama 's top aides thought Holder was triggering unnecessary controversy for the new president and that conservative anger could endanger plans for a quick start on Obama 's legislative agenda . He oversaw the president 's plan to close the Guantanamo prison , only to find himself abandoned by the White House , which decided the matter was too hot to handle . Holder was forced to retreat on plans to hold trials in Manhattan for Khaled Sheikh Mohammed and others accused of plotting the 9/11 attacks . More than five years later KSM and his fellow defendants remain at Guantanamo , still awaiting trial , a problem for the next attorney general . And Holder feels vindicated . Related - Holder : "  I was right " on KSM	Attorney General Eric Holder is set to resign when a replacement can be confirmed He has become known as an "  activist " attorney general
CNN  -- The past is new again for agent 007 : The next James Bond film will be called "  Spectre . " Director Sam Mendes announced the name of the 24th official Bond film Thursday at England 's Pinewood Studios . Austrian actor Christoph Waltz will join Daniel Craig in the cast . Craig makes his fourth appearance as the rugged British secret service agent . Ralph Fiennes , Rory Kinnear , Naomie Harris and Ben Whishaw will be reprising their roles from 2012 's "  Skyfall . " Newcomers to the franchise include Monica Bellucci , Lea Seydoux , Andrew Scott and Dave Bautista . Shooting for the film , due for release in late 2015 , begins Monday . Mendes all but said the title was a nod to the SPECTRE terror group featured in Ian Fleming 's James Bond novels and the early films . "  Those of you who have some knowledge of the Bond franchise and the legend of Bond will probably have some idea of what that refers to , but I could n't possibly comment , " Mendes said . The film 's official Twitter account featured a picture of Bond 's new car , a snazzy Aston Martin DB10 . Rome , London , Mexico City , the Austrian Alps and Morocco will serve as some of the film 's exotic locations .	Director Sam Mendes announced the name Thursday Christoph Waltz , Ralph Fiennes , Monica Bellucci will join Daniel Craig in the cast It 's due for release in late 2015
CNN  -- Juice -- a basic staple of any hotel stay , right ? Out on the breakfast buffet , with OJ leading the way and perhaps a choice of grapefruit , apple or tomato for the daring few who may feel like deviating from the mainstream . Well , think again . Juice -- freshly-squeezed from an arcane assortment of veggies as well as fruit , and in more combinations than you can imagine , has become a unique selling point at several hotels this year . These are places that believe juice is not just for breakfast , but at the center of wellness or detox programs they say jaded travelers are crying out for . "  Business as well as leisure guests are buying big into our juice offerings , " says Mina Gough , spa director of The Standard , Miami , which has done so well with a new juice and wellness program , other hotels in the group are preparing to follow suit . "  There 's been a real buzz in the group about how so many different categories of guests have embraced the chance to detox with fresh juice , " she says . "  Business travelers may not be able to devote themselves to the full wellness program , with scrubs and massages , but they 'll still do juice for breakfast and lunch , then go out for a regular business dinner . "  They like the way it makes them feel so much , many finish their stay with a full-day juice detox . " These are not any old juices -- for morning , The Standard is currently blending cantaloupe and ginger into its freshly-squeezed OJ -- the ginger works as an anti-inflammatory -- and proposing a pint of tomato-carrot-red pepper-cucumber-fennel and lime juice midmorning to improve digestive health . It gets a little out there by evening , when a pint of green juice pressed from kale , collard greens , romaine , cucumber and green apple is proposed as a meal replacement designed to detox the blood . Working in the hotel ? Room service is ready to deliver coconut water to sip throughout the day . A less likely venue than a Miami Beach spa for a detox program is a big city hotel . But the InterContinental on London 's Park Lane is introducing just that , under the direction of Thandie Newton 's naturopath , Elizabeth Peyton-Jones . "  It will give all the tools and support needed to begin a new lifestyle , including a pre-stay fridge analysis , a two-week detox and a follow-up motivation call , " says hotel spokesperson Patty Kahn . "  We know many guests are looking for ways to maintain a healthy lifestyle while traveling , " she adds , noting that the hotel will also create juices to guests ' own specifications , even if they 're not registered for the detox experience , which must be booked ahead . No advance warning , however , is needed for delivery of an Antioxidant Revival drink  apple , raspberry and blackberry juice  , a Vitamin C Blast  orange , mango and pineapple  , an apple-ginger-cucumber Booster and similar health drinks . All are available at every bar and restaurant in the hotel or 24/7 via Room Service . Another London hotel embracing juice in a big way is the uber-cool Sanderson , whose Long Bar has a "  sin-free " section where mixologists create health drinks . Choices include the Cellulite Reduction Cocktail  pink grapefruit , orange , dandelion , burdock , lemon and pineapple juice  and the Jetlag Rescue Smoothie in which scary-sounding "  stabilized oxygen " is added to orange juice with hemp seeds and vitamin C powder . In the Agua spa , guests can find more exotic drinks like goji berries from the high Tibetan plateau , blended with seaberry , pomegranate or lychee juice . Guests can also create their own smoothies at the Sanderson , indicating that juicing may become an activity in its own right rather than merely a means to an end . At the Four Seasons Biltmore in Santa Barbara , California , guests can create their own combinations from an assortment of fruit and veg including kale , beets , parsley , ginger and celery at the Fins organic juice bar . And the Travaasa "  experiential " resort is offering an actual class in pressing fresh juice at both its Austin , Texas and Maui properties -- yes , it 's called Juicing 2.0 . And it 's also not just for breakfast -- guests learn to convert what they 've pressed into soups , dips , spreads , desserts and salsas as well as mere healthy juices . Other places to get stuck seriously into the fresh stuff include : LaSource , Grenada This luxury , all-inclusive spa resort puts fresh juice at the center of its holistic offerings , allowing lots of experimentation at no extra cost . The cafe-deli features such unusual combinations as the High C  celery stalks , carrot , parsley and asparagus  to prevent arthritis and lower blood pressure , the anti-oxidant ABC Trio  apple , beet and carrot  and the Power Ball high-protein drink involving fresh papaya juice and - er - peanut butter . It contains soy isoflavones which some say help reduce bad cholesterol , regulate glucose levels and improve kidney filtration . Missoni , Kuwait Creative Director Rosita Missoni has created juice pairings for food in the restaurants and bars of the fashion brand 's first resort , as well as a range of stylish "  mocktails . " Guests can opt for a "  heavenly orchard , " featuring , apple , pear , quince and citrus juices blended with locally-grown cinnamon . They can get a blackberry julep in which the berries are pressed with plenty of fresh mint , then hit with fresh lime juice and a shot of sparkling water . Destinations where you do n't need a fancy hotel to get superb freshly-squeezed juice include : Bali -- Juice stands abound , pressing everything from bananas  much juicier than starchy western varieties  to avocados , with all the other usual fruit and veggie suspects . Your hotel will offer them too . Israel -- Residents love fresh carrot juice even more than their freshly squeezed OJ , and often combine them half and half . Look for juice stands everywhere in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem , and expect to find fresh carrot juice on the breakfast buffet alongside a wide variety of other juices . Morocco -- Freshly squeezed OJ is a birthright in this country , and in Marrakech you 'll find at least 20 stands competing for your business on the main square , the Dja el Fnaa . Since it costs less than 35 cents a glass , you can try all the vendors to find your favorite before your stay is out , but you may want to bring your own glass for hygiene reasons . On a scale of 1 to 10 , how do you feel about healthy options at hotels ? What are your favorite offerings ?	Hotels are catering to guests ' desire for a shot of health away from home Juices in a variety of unique fruit and veggie combinations are catching on at upscale hotels Try a Cellulite Reduction drink or a Jetlag Rescue Smoothie at London 's Sanderson
Tokyo  CNN  -- Nearly seven decades after the end of World War II , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is expected Thursday to call for long-standing limits on the country 's military to be eased to allow it to come to the aid of allies under attack . Abe 's drive to revamp Japanese security policy comes at a time of rising tensions with China and concerns over North Korea 's nuclear weapons program . But the prospect of a historic reinterpretation of the country 's pacifist constitution has caused unease both within Japan and abroad . The United States , Tokyo 's main ally and the nation that oversaw the adoption of the constitution in 1947 , has supported the idea of Japan 's military taking on a more assertive role in the world . As things stand , Japan can only use its military , known as the Self-Defense Forces , to defend itself . Article 9 of the constitution , written in the aftermath of Imperial Japan 's defeat by the allies , says the Japanese people "  forever renounce war as a sovereign right of the nation and the threat or use of force as a means of settling international disputes . " If , for example , a U.S. ship came under attack in the Western Pacific , Japan would not be able to offer military help unless it was also threatened . Public opinion divided Abe , who is eager to strengthen Tokyo 's alliance with Washington , wants Japan to be able to participate in collective self-defense and take a more proactive role in peacekeeping missions . He set up an advisory panel on Japan 's security policy , which delivered its report to him on Thursday . Abe is expected to announce his response to the panel 's conclusions and outline how he plans to proceed . He is unlikely to try to change the constitution , a formidable political challenge that would need the backing of two-thirds of both houses of Parliament and a referendum . Instead , he is expected to propose a reinterpretation of the existing text . Opinion polls suggest Japan is deeply divided over the idea of such a change , with different surveys showing drastically different levels of support and opposition . The constitution , considered by many Japanese to have kept the country out of war since 1945 , is widely respected . Using national security arguments to reinterpret the Constitution on the issue of collective self-defense would "  in effect , eviscerate the constitution , " warned a commentary published Wednesday in The Asahi Shimbun , a leading English-language daily newspaper in Japan . U.S. support But one of Abe 's advisers , Tomohiko Taniguchi , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last month that Japan has adopted a "  strange interpretation " of the constitution for "  historical reasons . " "  Everyone , every individual , and every nation " has the right to "  act collectively with your like-minded peers , " he said . A reinterpretation would still require the support of Abe 's governing coalition , including the New Komeito Party , which is considered to have a strong pacifist leaning . The U.S. government , facing complex security challenges around the world , has made it clear it favors a change in Japan 's military stance . "  The United States welcomes Japan 's efforts to play a more proactive role in contributing to global and regional peace and stability , including reexamining the interpretation of its Constitution relating to the rights of collective self-defense , " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said during a visit to Tokyo last month . Chinese criticism However , China , whose rising military spending has been cited by Japanese officials as a reason to adapt , has voiced criticism of the suggested changes . "  Abe 's goal , while stripping a nation of its pacifist identity , simultaneously serves to endanger the lives of the nation 's citizens as their country remilitarizes and , for all intents and purposes , becomes ` war ready , ' " China 's official news agency Xinhua said in an analysis article last week . Some commentators in the West have also expressed concern about the way Abe appears to be going about the policy overhaul . "  The government 's ` reinterpretation ' is the most profound challenge to the pacifist constitution since 1947 , " a column in the British magazine The Economist said this week . And an editorial in The New York Times warned that "  such an act would completely undermine the democratic process . " CNN 's Will Ripley reported from Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is expected to outline plans to change defense policy The country 's constitution renounces using force to settle international disputes But Abe wants to reinterpret it to allow Japanese forces to defend allies That has prompted concerns within Japan and from China
CNN  -- Firefighters near Yosemite National Park made gains Saturday afternoon on a wildfire that torched 300 acres , injured one person and forced the evacuation of some nearby homes . More than 745 fire personnel contained 60 % of the wildfire , which ignited Friday , the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection said . The Mariposa County Sheriff 's Office evacuated an undisclosed number of residents in the Ponderosa Basin area , and authorities said 700 structures were threatened . Jamie Williams in the Cal Fire call center said Saturday night that almost all of the residents in the Ponderosa area have been allowed to return home . Janet Smith evacuated her house and moved her two dogs and cat to a parking lot in Mariposa . "  I just bought this house a year ago so I 'd hate to lose it , " she said . California 's ongoing historic drought is helping fuel the flames in the park 's so-called Bridge Fire , authorities said . "  Fire burning at a moderate rate of spread . There continues to be a threat to the Ponderosa Basin community , " Cal Fire said . "  Access to the fire is difficult due to steep terrain . "  Firefighters are experiencing extreme fire behavior conditions due to drought and low fuel moisture , " the agency said . No details were immediately available on the injury and evacuations . The cause has not been determined , Williams said . An evacuation shelter was set up in the New Life Christian Fellowship in the community of Bootjack , authorities said . What to know about wildfires CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report	NEW : Fire is 60 % contained , Cal Fire says Saturday night "  Access to the fire is difficult due to steep terrain , " authorities say Bridge Wildfire in Mariposa County has burned 300 acres
CNN  -- Airbus has showed off its new A350 XWB , rolling out its first flyable plane on Monday fresh from the paintshop in company livery . The aircraft is the first in a family of super efficient passenger planes Airbus designed to go head-to-head against rival Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner and 777s . "  XWB " means "  extra wide body . " There are three members in the A350 family : the A350-800 , the A350-900 and the A350-1000 , which seat 270 , 314 and 350 passengers respectively , in three-class seating . The largest of the three lightweight carbon-composite aircraft , the A350-1000 , is 73.88 meters long and has a range of approximately 8,400 nautical miles , or 15,600 kilometers . The catalog price is US$ 320.6 million . As of March 31 , there were 110 orders for the A350-1000 among a total of 616 orders from 34 customers . Most orders , 414 , have been for the A350-900 . The plane unveiled on Monday at Airbus HQ in Toulouse , France is the latest milestone in what has been a turbulent production history for the A350 . Critics have said the A350 program -- first launched in 2007 -- was a poorly-designed , hasty response to Boeing 's 787 . Dreamliner battery fix : Behind the scenes "  The company , which was hip-deep in sorting out A380 development , simply had n't foreseen the huge pent-up demand for a more efficient 250-seat airliner , and tried to take the easy way out by offering a re-engined version of its A330 , " aviation journalist David Kaminski-Morrow , air transport editor of Flightglobal.com , told CNN in an earlier report . Airbus reworked the design , configurations and technology to increase the plane 's range and efficiency . The unveiled plane , which Airbus have tagged "  MSN001 , " will undergo final tests before its maiden flight expected in June . Airbus said it took less than a week to complete the aircraft painting . Last month , engines were installed , ground vibration tests and flight test instrumentation verification were completed . Read more : What does the A350 mean for travelers ?	A350 XWB is Airbus ' new family of super efficient aircraft New plane will undergo more tests before maiden flight in summer Plane seen as company 's response to Boeing 's 787 and 777
CNN  -- Indian doctors have successfully removed a 1.2-meter rod from a 3-year-old boy after he was impaled on it at his grandparents ' house . Indian doctors say Mehul Kumar is out of danger after operation to remove 1.2-meter iron rod . The Times of India reported that Mehul Kumar had fallen on the rod while playing on his grandparents ' under-construction roof terrace in Ranchi , the capital city of Jharkhand state . The rod pierced through Kumar 's body and he then fell to the ground , the newspaper reported . He was rushed to a nearby hospital and then taken to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences in Bariatu , six kilometers away . Dr. Sandeep Agarwal , the leader of the five-strong team of doctors who spent five hours operation on Kumar , told the Times the boy was out of danger . "  We first removed the rod following which an operation was done to repair the vital organs that had been injured , " he said .	Indian doctors successfully remove 1.2-meter rod from three-year-old boy Mehul Kumar impaled himself while playing on terrace at grandparents ' house Doctors spend over three hours removing rod and repairing damage to organs
CNN  -- It may be months before Edward Kennedy 's Senate seat is filled , following his death at the age of 77 on Tuesday . The seat may remain in Kennedy hands . His sons , Edward Kennedy Jr. and Rep. Patrick Kennedy of Rhode Island , have been mentioned as possible successors , as has his nephew , former Rep. Joseph P. Kennedy II . Edward Kennedy 's wife , Victoria Reggie Kennedy , has no interest in filling the seat , a source close to the senator said . A long-term vacancy could have effects far beyond Kennedy 's home state of Massachusetts , since his death deprives Democrats of the 60-vote "  supermajority " with which they can theoretically force laws through the Senate despite Republican objections . Under Massachusetts law , a special election must be held 145 to 160 days after a Senate seat becomes vacant . The winner of that election serves the remainder of a senator 's unexpired term . Just last week , Kennedy urged that the law be changed to allow the governor to appoint a temporary replacement until the special election can be held . In a letter to Gov. Deval Patrick and other state leaders , Kennedy said he supports the current law , but added , "  I also believe it is vital for -LSB- Massachusetts -RSB- to have two voices speaking for the needs of its citizens and two votes in the Senate during the approximately five months between a vacancy and an election . " Kennedy asked the governor and state leaders to "  amend the law through the normal legislative process to provide for a temporary gubernatorial appointment until the special election occurs . " Patrick said Wednesday that he is in favor of the change and would sign it into law if the state legislature passed it . He said Kennedy 's proposal for an interim appointment until a special election was "  entirely reasonable . " "  I think particularly now , when you think about the momentous change legislation that is pending in the Congress today , Massachusetts needs two voices , " Patrick said in an interview with Boston radio station WBUR . Kennedy 's letter is dated July 2 but was not sent until August 19 -- less than a week before he died . Kennedy , who had been having conversations with several top state Democrats about a potential succession , was concerned that releasing the letter would disrupt intense and tumultuous Senate health care negotiations , a source close to the senator said . Kennedy sent the letter when he did only because the Boston Globe newspaper learned about the discussions and was prepared to print what he thought was an inaccurate account of his efforts , according to that source and another person close to Kennedy . He decided to make his desires clear by delivering the letter , knowing it would go public . Kennedy has championed universal health care for years and wanted to make sure Democrats have the votes they may need for passage of a comprehensive bill . He called the issue "  the cause of my life , " and he hoped to see legislation that would "  guarantee that every American will have decent , quality health care as a fundamental right , " as he said at the 2008 Democratic Convention . iReport.com : Share tributes to Kennedy Democrats -- who , in collaboration with independent Sens. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut and Bernie Sanders of Vermont , now control 59 of the 99 occupied seats in the 100-member Senate -- face a tough battle this fall on President Obama 's health care reform package . They have been trying to calculate votes without Kennedy , who was unable to attend many sessions for months because of his illness . Until 2004 , Massachusetts law allowed the governor to appoint an immediate replacement in the event of a U.S. Senate vacancy . The heavily Democratic legislature changed the law , however , after Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry became the likely Democratic presidential nominee -- when Republican Mitt Romney was governor . Critics charged the Democrats were trying to prevent Romney from replacing Kerry with a Republican in the event of a Kerry victory over President George W. Bush . It is not clear who will replace Kennedy in the seat he had held since 1962 . He died 15 months after being diagnosed with brain cancer . His brother , the late President John F. Kennedy , had the seat for almost eight years before being elected to the White House in 1960 . The old law may have helped the Senate seat stay in the family . When John Kennedy was elected president , Edward Kennedy was not yet old enough to be a senator . Kennedy family friend Benjamin Smith was appointed to the seat but did not run in 1962 when John Kennedy 's term expired , clearing the way for Edward Kennedy . Kennedy was last re-elected in November 2006 . His term runs until January 2013 . CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand , Dana Bash and Martina Stewart contributed to this report .	NEW : Massachusetts governor says he 'd OK change if state legislature passed it State law calls for election about 5 months after Senate seat becomes vacant Kennedy wanted law to allow appointment of replacement until election
CNN  -- The case against Anthony Sowell is grounded in his Cleveland backyard . There , in October 2009 , investigators unearthed remains of five of the 11 women -- ages 25 to 52 -- found on Sowell 's property . On Monday , jury selection for Sowell 's trial begins in Cuyahoga County , Ohio . Sowell faces 85 counts related to his alleged rape , murder and dismembering of the women between 2007 and 2009 -- charges to which he 's pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . Since the bodies were discovered , other women have come forward alleging that Sowell also attacked them . In April 2010 , prosecutors handed down an 10-count indictment against Sowell in connection with the alleged rape of a 34-year-old woman in his Cleveland home . Sowell 's lawyers have declined previous requests by CNN to explain their case , and the suspect has not been interviewed . But in January 2010 , attorney John Parker told The Plain Dealer newspaper in Cleveland that he felt police violated Sowell 's Miranda rights as he was being interrogated . But those likely to decide Sowell 's future have already had their first opportunity to take a measure of the man . About 200 prospective jurors were introduced to the accused serial killer Friday morning at the Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court in Cleveland , county court administrator Greg Popovich said . They also met Judge Dick Ambrose , the presiding judge in the case , as well as the defense and prosecution teams . Dressed in a polo shirt and khaki pants , and unencumbered by handcuffs or shackles  even though he was escorted by six deputies  , Sowell addressed the jurors simply by saying , "  Hello . " Popovich described the event as "  unusual " but necessary to "  ensure the integrity of the process in the interest of justice " -- though he did n't elaborate on how it did . Following the meeting , the potential jurors went through an hour-long orientation and then were asked to fill out a 32-page questionnaire . Should they be tapped for the jury , they will sit through what Popovich estimates will be a six-to-eight week trial documenting the gruesome case against Sowell . Sowell grew up in East Cleveland , joined the Marines at age 18 and traveled to California , North Carolina and Japan , authorities said . People who interacted with him after his 2005 release from prison , where he had served 15 years for attempted rape , said he appeared to be "  a normal guy , " known locally for selling scrap metal . His inconspicuous two-story home sits in a dilapidated neighborhood known as Mount Pleasant , where one in five homes were in foreclosure and at least a third of residents got food stamps , according to a 2010 study by Case Western Reserve University 's Center on Urban Poverty and Community Development . Neighbors and even a city councilman had failed to realize that the stench wafting in the area around Sowell 's home was human flesh , not a byproduct of a nearby sausage factory . Moreover , the disappearance of the 11 women -- many of whom lived nearby -- went largely unnoticed for almost two years , with only four of them even being reported missing . Many of his alleged victims struggled with drug addiction at some point in their lives , with court records showing that many resorted to stealing and prostitution to support their habits . In late 2008 , Gladys Wade told police that a man in a gray hoodie offered her beer , and when she declined , punched her in the face several times . Wade said that he then tried to rape her , dragging her toward his home , adding that she got out only after "  gouging his face . " Police investigated Wade 's complaint , with one police report noting blood droplets on Sowell 's walls and steps . But officers told CNN affiliate WKYC that the case was dropped after Wade declined to press charges . After Wade 's complaint , six more women would disappear . Then , on September 23 , 2009 , a 36-year-old Cleveland woman told police a story eerily similar to those of Wade and the woman whose 1989 account led to Sowell 's first conviction for attempted rape . She said he 'd invited her into his home for beer , punched her in the face , then began performing oral sex on her -- releasing her only after she promised to return the next day . Sowell was then arrested . More than a month later , police entered his house and found two bodies rotting in his attic . These were the first of the 11 bodies they 'd eventually discover , in various states of decay , on his property . Most of the women whose remains were found in and around Sowell 's home were strangled by ligature -- which can include a string , cord or wire -- and at least one was strangled by hand , officials said . Seven still had ligatures wrapped around their necks . A skull is all that remains of one victim . It was found wrapped in a paper bag and stuffed in a bucket in the home 's basement . While the prosecution will press its case against Sowell in the coming weeks , this may not be the end of his story -- even if he is eventually given a death sentence . Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Bill Mason has said that his cold case unit is reviewing unsolved murders that occurred during the time Sowell lived in Cleveland and East Cleveland to see if there are any connections . Mason said the group is working its way through 75 cases . InSession 's Chris Perry and CNN 's Stephanie Chen contributed to this report .	Jury selection starts Monday for the trial of accused serial killer Anthony Sowell He will be tried on 85 counts for the alleged rape and murder of 11 women Police say the convicted sex offender killed the women over a span of two years Authorities allege Sowell hid their remains in and around his Cleveland home
Washington  CNN  -- House conservatives are putting House Speaker John Boehner on notice : The 2014 agenda needs to be about more than railing on the President and the failures of Obamacare . They say it 's time to lay out a bold GOP vision and hold votes on a series of issues to show a contrast with Democrats . "  Republicans right now think that all we have to do is talk about how bad the Obama economy is and how bad Obamacare is and we 're going to win in 2014 , " Idaho GOP Rep. Raul Labrador told reporters at a forum of House conservatives on Capitol Hill this week . Labrador said he believes this strategy is what prevented Republicans from winning the White House in 2012 and predicted if the party adopts the same game plan this year it wo n't take back the Senate or win the White House in 2016 . Louisiana Republican Rep. Steve Scalise , who heads a group of more than 170 conservatives called the Republican Study Committee , also said he 's worried top GOP leaders do n't have a more proactive agenda ahead of the midterm elections . "  There 's some people that think that they might want to play prevent defense this year and sit back , " Scalise said . In rare bipartisan action , Congress approves $ 1.1 trillion budget Since Republicans took control of the House in 2011 , those on the right have wielded their growing numbers and influence to stymie Boehner 's plans on major policy debates . As Republicans head to the eastern shore of Maryland for a closed-door retreat later this month to chart strategy , Wyoming GOP Rep. Cynthia Lummis said . "  This is no time to duck in a foxhole . This is the time for Republicans to lead . " Boehner has said he believes the 2014 election will hinge on jobs and the problems with Obamacare . House Republican leaders are again expected to push similar versions of the jobs bill they pushed in 2013 to keep the focus on the economy , along with some more bills tweaking Obamacare , according to GOP aides . But Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann , a tea party favorite who is retiring this fall , said , "  That 's not enough , " and House Republicans need to give more concrete answers for what they 'll do for working-class Americans . "  You can chew gum and walk at the same time , " Bachmann said . Obama makes case for not adding sanctions on Iran Asked about conservatives ' demands for votes on a host of issues , Boehner agreed in principle , saying at his weekly session with reporters , "  It 's important for us as a -- as a party , especially in an election year , to tell people what you 're for . " Perhaps in response to growing calls from his own members , the speaker committed that House Republicans would come forward this year with their own proposal to replace Obamacare . But he did n't guarantee a vote on it before the election . The refrain "  repeal and replace " was a central GOP message right after the President signed the health care law in 2010 . Although there have been more than 40 votes to roll back the entire law or parts of it , there has been no vote on a plan to take its place . But what do conservatives want ? Even those Republicans demanding a "  bold vision " from their leaders are n't articulating what that means . Several House conservatives admit there are splits about what should be included on the 2014 to-do list , and that divide could take a while to sort out . "  This is clearly going to be an internal struggle of the Republican party : Are we going to just be the party that says ` hey the other side is worse ' or are we going to show why our side is actually better for the American people or the public ? " Labrador asked . He and other conservatives are worried that the national party has become too closely aligned with big business , and instead should be targeting its agenda and message at small businesses and individuals . In addition to the party laying out its own health care plan , Ohio Republican Rep. Jim Jordan outlined several areas he said voters want to see Congress tackle this year . He held up tax reform that helps promote new jobs as a must-do priority , something Republicans put on their agenda for every new congressional session . New spot in ad wars over Obamacare Perhaps as a response to the Democrats ' laser focus this year on income inequality issues , Jordan said the GOP should focus on policies aimed at lower-income Americans , suggesting welfare reform should be revisited . He also said Americans want Congress to deal with the worries people have about privacy protections . "  These are four things that help every single family in this country , " Jordan said , and insisted leaders should schedule votes on bills covering all those conservative priorities . One issue that is guaranteed to set up a clash between conservatives and Boehner is immigration reform . The speaker is expected to release a set of principles on immigration reform later this month . He has said repeatedly it 's important for Congress to fix the broken system , including addressing what to do about the 11 million undocumented workers in the United States . Boehner and other top House GOP leaders are adamant they wo n't take up anything resembling the comprehensive legislation the Senate passed last year . But even moving the piecemeal bills Boehner has said he supports will be politically messy , because a majority of his own members are reluctant to sign off on any measure that grants eventual citizenship . GOP Rep. Steve King of Iowa , a longtime opponent of any measure granting legal status to undocumented workers in the United States , does n't think an immigration debate does anything but help Democrats . "  Every day that we discuss immigration , that helps Barack Obama change the topic from Obamacare . " The first fight is the debt ceiling . Election year makes Washington even more confusing A big test for Boehner 's ability to assuage conservatives comes soon : House Republicans need to decide how they will approach the debate over the debt limit . Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said the nation 's borrowing authority will run out at the end of February . Last fall 's government shutdown was a public display of the fight between conservatives who demanded any spending bill defund Obamacare and establishment Republicans who worried it was a no-win situation . But that episode did have a silver lining for Boehner , who warned the standoff over Obamacare would backfire . It served as a teachable moment for conservatives about the limits of what they can demand in a divided government . Scalise said he wants to address the long-term debt as part of the debt debate , but he 's not sure yet what Republicans should negotiate in return for supporting another increase in the debt ceiling . But he did n't seem to think that debate was the best place to take another stand on Obamacare . "  It has to be something achievable and we ought to start with that . It ought to be something we can rally the country around and ultimately sign into law that addresses the problem , " Scalise said . How Boehner handles the delicate relationship with conservatives will be key to the prospects for his 2014 legislative agenda . But the speaker is also the top GOP leader in Washington of a party still struggling to regroup after losses at the national level in 2012 , so the direction he takes will also have an impact on the political message in this fall 's midterm elections .	Conservatives fear Boehner will play "  prevent defense " ahead of midterms They feel that presenting a contrast with Democrats is a winning strategy Conservatives have used their numbers and influence to stymie Boehner on policy
CNN  -- He has yet to compete at the Olympics , but the eyes of the world will be on Oscar Pistorius if he is selected for London 2012 . Born with a congenital abnormality , he had both his legs amputated below the knee at 11 months of age , but that has not stopped him competing at the highest level . The South African runs on specially-adapted carbon-fiber artificial limbs , earning him the nickname "  Blade Runner " and the tag of "  fastest man with no legs . " After winning a legal battle to let him race against able-bodied athletes , the 25-year-old has become one of the most recognizable and popular figures in the world of sport thanks to his inspiring performances on the track . Pistorius certainly is fast , holding the world records in his T44 disability category from 100 to 400 meters , and he has won four Paralympic gold medals . His times enable him to compete internationally against able-bodied runners , and he reached the 400m semifinals at the 2011 world championships in Daegu . He also helped South Africa to the final of the 4x400m relay but was controversially omitted for the medal race . His teammates took silver and -- because he ran in the earlier rounds -- Pistorius was awarded a medal , becoming the first disabled athlete to achieve that feat at a global championships . Early years Pistorius came from what he describes as a "  sports-crazy family , pretty much obsessed with sport " and did not allow his disability to restrict his activities . At school in Gauteng Province , he was a keen rugby player and also competed in a wide range of sports from water polo to tennis and even triathlons . A knee injury curtailed his rugby career and he turned to track and field in 2003 , quickly discovering a real talent for sprinting . Just a year later and still only 17 , Pistorius won gold over 200m at the 2004 Athens Paralympics in a world record and also took bronze in the 100m , beating athletes with lesser disabilities . Using the Cheetah Flex-Foot carbon-fiber limbs , specially adapted by Icelandic company Ossur , it was the start of his journey to global stardom . Legal affairs Pistorius began to compete in able-bodied competitions , at first in South Africa , but then abroad . "  I was starting to run times which allowed me to compete internationally on the able-bodied circuit , " he said . But as he got quicker , it brought Pistorius into dispute with the IAAF , the world governing body of athletics , which ruled his artificial limbs gave him an unfair advantage and barred him from the circuit . Employing a top legal team , Pistorius took his case to the Court of Arbitration in Sport , which overturned the ban in 2008 . However , he did not reach the Olympic qualifying standards for Beijing , where he took part in the Paralympics . "  Since it was proved my prosthetic legs give me no advantage , I have developed a very good relationship with the IAAF , " he said . Training regime Pistorius ' success is not only down to his talent , it owes much to a grueling training regime under coach Ampie Louw . Getting up at 5 a.m. at their base in Pretoria , Pistorius puts in up to three and a half hours each day , on occasion more , in preparation for a major championship . He also has a strictly-controlled diet with lots of fruit and vegetables , plus plenty of fish and protein to aid recovery . Pistorius reports "  no injuries " coming into the all important year of 2012 . Sporting heroes Pistorius has been an inspirational figure around the world with his exploits , while his own sporting heroes both come from track and field : Britain 's former 110m world record-holder Colin Jackson and Namibian sprinter Frankie Fredericks . Jackson has become a "  great friend and mentor " for Pistorius , who has made many trips to the UK in recent years . "  Frankie Fredericks has always been my icon , and someone who has achieved as much as he has is special , " he said of the former world champion and four-time Olympic silver medalist . 2012 ambitions Pistorius aims to run at both the 2012 London Olympics and the subsequent Paralympics in the British capital . He is targeting four gold medals in the Paralympics , repeating his Beijing triple in the 100 , 200 and 400m , and hopefully earning success in the South African 4x100m relay team . And in the Olympic Games ? "  To try to repeat my achievement in Daegu to reach the semifinals of the individual 400m . " Having already achieved the qualifying standard with a time of 45.20 seconds in Gauteng earlier this year , Pistorius is well on the way to achieving selection and will also be pressing for a place again in the South Africa 's 4x400m relay squad . Sporting philosophy Pistorius sets himself high standards , retaining values that were instilled in him from an early age : "  My family always said if you start something , you finish it . " With so much already achieved it is easy to forget he has many years of competition potentially ahead of him , but when Pistorius does eventually retire he wants to have left nothing on the track . "  To look back and know every season I did my best . That I gave it my best with no regrets . "	Oscar Pistorius is preparing for both London Olympics and Paralympics The "  Blade Runner " competes at the top level against able-bodied athletes South African has four Paralympic golds and several world records The 25-year-old runs on specially-adapted carbon-fiber artificial limbs
The Apple Watch will sell for $ 349 when it hits stores next year . Motorola 's Moto 360 goes for $ 249 and Samsung 's smartwatch , the Galaxy Gear , starts at $ 199 . Now , a Chinese company wants to sell you one for $ 7 . Fastfox , a technology startup , says keeping software simple and hardware minimal lets them offer a smart wristband starting at prices nowhere near their fancier counterparts in the growing wearable-tech space . The company has launched a campaign to release the watches on Australian crowdfunding site Pozible . They offered 100 of the wristbands at $ 7 . All of those have been snapped up , but donors can still get a black Fastfox watch for $ 8 . And for $ 9 , they can get a Fastfox in the color and design of their choice . The campaign 's highest donation level , $ 684 , gets you 100 of the smartbands in the colors of your choice . The campagin ends on Dec. 24 . As of Thursday it had raised more than $ 7,200 from 529 supporters . "  Smart wearables have the potential to be incredibly useful , especially in the data they can provide to people trying to forge healthy habits , " Fastfox creator Liu Chao said in a news release . "  But the price is a big turn-off . " Like some of its contemporaries , including the forthcoming Apple Watch , Fastfox 's limited array of apps are , indeed , heavily weighted toward health and fitness . "  This is new technology . Many people just want to give it a try with minimal risk , " Liu said . "  We wanted to make Fastfox as affordable as buying a new workout t-shirt , and help people take the first step towards reaching their health goals . " Fastfox 's native apps measure walking and running distances and record calorie intake . It synchs with an Apple or Android smartphone via Bluetooth and other features including lighting up if you miss a phone call , recording sleep data and hooking up with social media to let you share data with friends . Its makers say it is waterproof and that its battery can last between four and six months .	A crowdfunding campaign offers a smartwatch for just $ 7 Fastfox is a Chinese product Makers say simple software and hardware let them sell low
CNN  -- Zara Phillips is not one to rest on her laurels . After giving birth for the first time in January -- providing Queen Elizabeth II 's fourth great-grandchild -- the equestrian star could be forgiven for taking a break from the harsh demands of the stables . Yet just three months on , the British Head of State 's eldest granddaughter would find herself back on that familiar saddle competing once more . By August , she had remarkably gone a long way to likely booking her place in what will be her second Olympic Games . "  It was harder than I thought it was going to be . I had a lot of friends who said , ` Do n't come back too quickly . ' I sat on a horse about five weeks after  giving birth  , " Phillips tells the CNN Equestrian show . But come back quickly she did . Eight and a half months after Mia Grace Tindall -- the 16th in line for the throne in Britain -- was born on January 17 , her mother placed 11th in the eventing at the Alltech FEI World Equestrian Games in Normandy , helping her nation to silver and Olympic qualification . Phillips ' performance in France , which among the UK riders was only bettered by world No. 1 William Fox-Pitt , could well be enough to persuade Britain 's Olympic selectors that she is worthy of a spot in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 . The master plan had come to fruition . "  I always wanted to get back for the Worlds at the right time , " Phillips says . "  I 've given myself enough time to get back where I left off . " The objective now , as well as bringing up her daughter with rugby star husband Mike Tindall , is winning Olympic gold . She claimed team eventing silver at London 2012 , where she was presented her medal by her mother Princess Anne -- who competed for Britain in equestrian at the Montreal '76 Games . Her father , Mark Phillips , won eventing gold at Munich '72 and silver in Seoul 16 years later . Phillips ' parents divorced in 1992 . Yet despite now being a fully-fledged Olympian , the 33-year-old Zara still feels she has some unfinished business to attend to when she , if all goes to plan , touches down in Rio in two years ' time . "  When you come out of the Olympics you just go , ` Let 's just do it all again , ' " Phillips says . "  To be able to come out with a medal  in London  was incredible . But we wanted gold and we probably should have got it . "  We 'd definitely like to go back and try and change the color . " In 2012 , Phillips had a whole host of royalty fighting her corner , with Princes William and Harry , to name just a few , among those cheering on their relative from the stands . Come 2016 , Mia -- who will be superseded as the youngest member of Britain 's royal family when William 's wife Catherine gives birth for the second time -- could be watching her mother 's bid to win gold , having already spent time on the equestrian circuit . "  She 's been on the road . There 's so many kids on the circuit , so many people who 've had babies already , " Phillips says . "  We 're lucky because we can ride and go back and forth a bit , it fits in really well . It seems to have worked and hopefully it will keep going like that . " Having admitted to not feeling maternal before Mia 's birth , Phillips has since treasured the experience of becoming a mother for the first time . "  I 've really enjoyed it . In a funny kind of way it 's like having another type of high-performance horse on your hands , " she jokes . "  It 's an incredible bond you have . I 'm lucky , she 's really good . " Phillips has had plenty of experience developing special bonds down the years , having nurtured a number of relationships with her horses since being introduced to riding as a child by her equine-loving family . It was with her beloved Toytown that she first started competing properly , soon going on to become both a European and world champion -- taking continental glory in 2005 and 2007 , while conquering the globe at the first attempt in 2006 . Olympic success came alongside High Kingdom , and he could well be Phillips ' partner in Rio , given that she rode the bay gelding in Normandy . "  I 've had him since he was a five-year-old , " Phillips says of High Kingdom , now 13 . "  We 've come up the levels together and taught each other everything . "  I 'm trying to teach him . I think it really helps that I 've had him for that long and know him very well . " Phillips ' equestrian career , though , has not come without its setbacks . Injury to the now-retired Toytown cost her likely selection for the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens , while lightning unfortunately struck twice four years later as another injury to the chestnut gelding ruled her out of Beijing . Phillips also broke her collarbone in 2008 after falling off Tsunami II , and the horse had to be put down . "  I think you get to see the signs when things are really good and when things are n't so good , " Phillips reflects . "  You would hope that you would notice before anything went too wrong . And that 's what you always try . " She remains ever-indebted to the role her family have played in helping to lay the foundations for her successful career . Her grandmother , one of the great patrons of British horse racing , still rides at the age of 88 . "  I remember always being around the yard and being around horses . It was great fun , you know , " Phillips says . "  You get this passed down through the family and that 's where it sort of came from . Obviously we 're very grateful to our family and hobbies and traditions , and the love and passion they 've got for the horses has filtered down through the years . " "  Horses mean everything to me , " Phillips adds . "  They 're what I do -- my work and my passion . I 'm very lucky . "	Zara Phillips helps Britain qualify for 2016 Olympics less than nine months after giving birth Phillips now targeting gold medal in Rio de Janeiro after claiming silver at London 2012 The 33-year-old is treasuring the experience of being a mother to Mia Grace Tindall
CNN  -- Early this week , I worked on my addiction treatment center 's detoxification unit . I treated teenagers and young adults , pregnant women and medical professionals . I saw older pain patients who , having lost control over their prescriptions , began using intravenous heroin , very much to their shock . Many have developed hepatitis C and , for the first time in my state of Maine , I 've begun to see an increase in HIV infections . Heroin addiction is a metastatic cultural cancer . Crime , disease , suffering and death follow in its wake . Heroin takes you down a darker road than even prescription opiate addiction . The death of Oscar-winning actor Philip Seymour Hoffman on Sunday apparently proves the insidious danger of that very path . Maine is in the stranglehold of just such a transitional drug addiction epidemic -- it began in the late '90s . And we are not alone . Recent reports of mass overdose deaths in Pittsburgh and Rhode Island are strong indicators that the movement from overdose by prescription pain medication to heroin is national in scope . Interestingly , the last 20 years has seen a paradigm shift in physicians ' attitudes about prescribing opioids to treat pain . Before the Federation of State Medical Boards revised its pain treatment guidelines 10 years ago , doctors tended to avoid prescribing opioids for pain . But the revised guidelines , coupled with accreditation requirements reinforcing screening for pain , and pharmaceutical industry pressure to prescribe , greatly expanded use of opioid analgesics such as Oxycontin and Vicodin . Opinion : What makes someone an addict That "  perfect storm " created a prescription drug addiction epidemic in our state . Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration data from 10 years ago show the annual number of treatment admissions in Maine increased from a little more than 9,000 to almost 14,000 from 2002 to 2005 . That same data indicated we had one of the highest rates of prescription drug addiction among adolescents and young adults in the country . We still do . It 's only been recently that the rest of the country has awakened to this crisis . In 2011 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention called prescription drug abuse an "  epidemic . " Maine was highlighted as having one of the highest volumes of prescription painkillers sold . Is it any wonder that , with a vast , attractive market of prescription drug addicts at the ready , out-of-state heroin dealers seized the opportunity to flood Maine with their treacherous opioid drug ? In only two years , heroin has saturated every remote , rural corner of our state . They say a country always fights its last war . As we donned battle gear for the war on prescription drug addiction , heroin snuck in from the flank unnoticed . Two years ago , the use of heroin exploded in Maine like a wave of napalm , incinerating lives , families and communities . Our state report on substance abuse trends for 2013 reveals that "  primary treatment admissions related to heroin or morphine have been increasing since 2010 . " That means , for three years , more Mainers have been seeking treatment solely for heroin addiction . Opinion : How to stop deaths from drug ODs Heroin is no longer only an urban plague . In his State of the State Address , Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin awakened America to how heroin is corroding lives in even largely rural states . This quickly spreading opiate addiction has every addiction medicine physician deeply concerned about the pressure to treat this chronic brain disease appropriately . We must respond by providing the proven-effective treatment , combining Food and Drug Administration-approved stabilization medications with holistic rehabilitation . One without the other simply does n't work to manage this chronic disease . Addiction disease is just like epilepsy or diabetes in that it 's a lifelong diagnosis that demands lifelong management and vigilance by patients and their medical practitioners . The parents of my patients never sleep soundly , always waiting for the dreaded midnight phone call . These deaths are preventable . Treatment saves lives . Wishful thinking takes them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Publicker .	Physician Mark Publicker says his addiction unit is seeing spike in young , old heroin users He says heroin use a cancer sweeping nation , calls prescription painkillers the gateway He says sellers descended on Maine and region has seen surge in heroin addiction Publicker : Treatments must see addiction as a chronic disease needing lifelong management
Washington  CNN  -- The news was devastating for Shannon and Jeremiah Collins : Their 19-year-old son , Marine Lance Cpl. Jeremiah Collins Jr. , died in Afghanistan 's Helmand province . Then it got worse . The Milwaukee , Wisconsin , couple learned the survivor benefit paid to the families of fallen troops for burial and other expenses had been suspended because of the government shutdown . Her sadness , Shannon Collins says , was compounded by worry and questions about how to pay off the debt . It 's a question that embarrassed and outraged government officials , who scrambled to find a way to provide the survivor benefits to the families of 26 troops who have died since the shutdown began on October 1 . On Wednesday , the Pentagon struck a deal with a private charity to ensure families of fallen troops are paid the survivor benefits , which include a $ 100,000 payment made within days of the death , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said . The government will reimburse the Maryland-based Fisher House Foundation once the shutdown is over , Hagel said in a written statement . Fisher House founder no stranger to service members in need "  I am offended , outraged , and embarrassed that the government shutdown had prevented the Department of Defense from fulfilling this most sacred responsibility in a timely manner , " Hagel said . "  In the days before the shutdown , we warned Congress and the American people that  the Defense Department  would not have the legal authority to make these payments during a lapse in appropriations . " The announcement came just after the U.S. House voted unanimously to resume paying survivor benefits . It was unclear whether the U.S. Senate would take up the bill , given that a legislative fix may now not be necessary . President Barack Obama ordered administration officials on Wednesday to find an immediate solution . "  The president was very disturbed to learn of this problem , and he directed the Department of Defense to work with the Office of Management and Budget and his lawyers to develop a possible solution , and he expects this to be fixed today , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said . The survivors benefit includes funeral and burial reimbursements . It also includes a gratuity for travel to funeral or memorial services -- or to be at Dover Air Force Base , where remains of those troops who died overseas typically go . As the debate swirled around how to restore the military death benefits , Hagel traveled to Dover for the arrival of the bodies of four soldiers killed Sunday when insurgents attacked their unit with a improvised explosive device in Afghanistan 's Zahir District . The four are Pfc. Cody J. Patterson , 24 , of Philomath , Oregon ; 1st Lt. Jennifer M. Moreno , 25 , of San Diego , California ; Sgt. Patrick C. Hawkins , 25 , of Carlisle , Pennsylvania ; and Sgt. Joseph M. Peters , 24 , of Springfield , Missouri . It is rare for the defense secretary to attend a ceremony for the return of the soldiers , but Hagel 's appearance appeared to send a strong message about the government shutdown . Carney said the payments were not specifically addressed in legislation to ensure military personnel would be paid during any shutdown . He did not elaborate on what the solution might be . It 's unclear exactly when Obama learned of the situation , which reporters were briefed about four days before the shutdown began . At the briefing Wednesday , Carney refused to say when the president learned benefits were being delayed . "  I do n't know specifically , " he said . A senior Defense Department official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN that Hagel warned senior White House officials and some in Congress days ago -- before the shutdown began -- that death benefits would not be paid families of fallen troops during the shutdown . On September 27 , Pentagon comptroller Bob Hale told reporters at a Pentagon briefing that death gratuities would be one of the things held up by a shutdown . "  This is ghoulish , but it 's the law , not policy , " he said . "  Remember that . If the death occurred after the lapse took place , then the money would be obligated after the lapse took place , and we would have no authority to pay based on that money until the lapse ended . So in that case , they could be delayed . " It 's the "  worst nightmare " for military families , said Amy Neiberger-Miller of TAPS , a support network for families of the fallen . 5 crazy side effects from the shutdown Before the Pentagon worked out a deal , Fisher House Foundation -- a group that helps the families of troops in need -- offered an advance grant to families of the fallen during the shutdown , according to a letter sent Tuesday from Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia , to Hagel . Even as the Defense Department entered into a contract Wednesday with Fisher House , both sides in Washington were blaming the other . The holdup on death benefit payments is just one issue affecting military families because of the shutdown . Child-care programs have been scratched , subsidized military grocery stores are closed , nonessential medical care has been cut back , and kids ' sports programs have been canceled , CNNMoney reports . "  The president is the commander in chief . He should not be using troops and their families as pawns in this political bickering , " Rep. Joe Pitts , R-Pennsylvania , said on the House floor . "  He should be doing everything he can to stand up for the men and women of our military . Instead , he is refusing to negotiate until he gets his way . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said : "  Should n't we be embarrassed about this ? Should n't we be ashamed ? " Meanwhile , the members-only gym at the House remains open . "  The electricity , the hot water , the towels -- they are not provided by gym fairies , " Rep. Earl Blumenauer , D-Oregon , said Wednesday , calling , on the House floor , for the gym to be closed . "  They are provided by taxpayers . " "  Some of the most fanatic about inflicting unnecessary pain on the American public are regulars , enjoying our House gym while the staff gym is closed , " he said . Ted Cruz : Democrats ' new bogeyman CNN 's Barbara Starr and Jamie Crawford reported from Washington ; Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta ; CNN 's Josh Levs , Craig Broffman and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	White House officials were warned about the benefit issue , an official says Defense Department makes a deal with Fisher House Foundation to pay benefits The government will reimburse the foundation when the government reopens
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- The father of a 2-year-old Florida boy has admitted to the near-fatal beating of his son while teaching the child how to box , officials said Wednesday . Lee Willie Dejesus , 23 , of Homestead was arrested Tuesday and charged with aggravated child abuse and child neglect , according to the criminal complaint against him . Miami-Dade police said the incident occurred Monday night when Dejesus was watching the child while his mother was at work . Dejesus told police that he put on boxing gloves and struck the child about 15 times on his face , head , torso and shoulders over a period of 15 minutes , punching him so hard at one point that the boy fell off the bed and struck his head on the tile floor . The child was rushed to Children 's Hospital where he underwent surgery for bleeding on the brain . The boy -- identified by CNN affiliate WSVN as Willy Brown -- was on life support Wednesday and not expected to recover from his injuries , said Ed Griffith , spokesman for the Miami-Dade state attorney 's office . Griffith said the boy "  may be brain dead , " and the attorney 's office expects to file first-degree murder charges against Dejesus as early as Wednesday night or Thursday . The complaint alleges that Dejesus waited to call for medical help for as long as an hour after the boy became unresponsive . He eventually called 911 after the boy 's lips became blue , according to the complaint . Dejesus initially told police that the boy was beaten by a babysitter before admitting he did the beating , the complaint says . He is being held at a pretrial booking facility on $ 50,000 bond on the aggravated abuse charge and $ 7,500 on the child neglect charge , jail records show . In Session 's Aletse Mellado contributed to this report .	Lee Willie Dejesus , 23 , said he was teaching the child how to box He has been charged with aggravated child abuse and child neglect The boy is on life support and not expected to recover from his injuries
CNN  -- Tech giants Apple and Google may get an unofficial A grade when it comes to stock price , but they can only manage a D grade when it comes to sustainability . The U.S. technology companies both received the grade that would make most students wince in a new survey , published this week , that rated the sustainability performance of 2,063 global companies . The report evaluated companies according to their social , environmental and governance risks and impacts , taking into consideration human rights and supply chain labor standards among other issues Top of the class in the Sustainability Report published by EIRIS , the British based corporate research company , is German sportswear company , Puma . Lesser known companies like Danish pharmaceutical company , Novo Nordisk , and two British rail and bus companies make it into the top ten . Puma CEO explains his company 's business model "  Despite operating in a sector at high risk for human-rights abuses , Puma has a strong environment record and demonstrates improvements in supply chain labor standards , " the report said . The worst performers were graded E , with over 60 % of mining and oil and gas producing companies including ExxonMobil and Chevron Corporation given the lowest rating . By definition fossil fuel focused companies are not able get the highest grade , but the report 's authors say their grades can improve if they show greater commitment to developing cleaner alternative energy sources . The sector with the most A grades was in health care , because of the "  positive social benefits of healthcare " and lower environmental impact , with four pharmaceutical companies in the top ten . Carlota Garcia-Manas , Head of Research at EIRIS , said environmental and ethical concerns are becoming a greater priority among many of the companies rated . "  There are signs that companies are making sustainability a priority and acknowledging its importance , not only in terms of acting as good ` corporate citizens ' but also in terms of ensuring their own long-term success , " she said . The report revealed some notable differences between companies from different regions . One fifth of UK companies scored A , followed by 12 % of mainland European ones , but only 2 % of U.S. companies and 1 % of Asian ones received the top mark . One in five of the Asian companies surveyed received an E grade . According to EIRIS , Apple 's poor grade was because of its links to suppliers in countries with human rights and labor issues , while another of titan of the corporate world , Toyota , received a C because of its leadership in developing cleaner technology vehicles . Learn more : Apple 's tax tricks The report found that smaller companies were generally lagging behind on sustainability -- only 24 % of the 50 biggest companies surveyed had D or E grades compared to 40 % across the wider sample . "  It 's clear that companies need to do much more if they are to meet the concerns of their stakeholders and investors whilst managing the impacts of their businesses upon society and the environment in a sustainable way , both now and in the future , " said Garcia-Manas .	Report graded over 2,000 top companies for sustainability Apple and Google received D grades German sportswear company Puma was rated highest Only 2 % of U.S. companies and 1 % of Asian businesses had the top mark
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Robert Plant and Alison Krauss . Once upon a time , the iconic lead singer of Led Zeppelin and the golden girl of bluegrass would never have been mentioned in the same sentence . Alison Krauss and Robert Plant 's "  Raising Sand " was an unlikely collaboration that won five Grammys . But since they won five Grammy awards -- including album of the year for their surprising collaboration , "  Raising Sand " -- their names have been inextricably linked : RobertPlantandAlisonKrauss . If they were 20 years old and ran in Hollywood circles , tabloids might be calling them Robekrauss or Aliplant . Plant , however , is 60 -- in fantastic shape , and with a full head of the golden ringlets that became his trademark during the 1970s . At 37 , Krauss is elegant and ethereal . And while both are dead serious when talking about their craft , the rest of the time , they 're like two silly junior high kids -- he , the charming prankster with a secret crush , and she , the beautiful prom queen who pretends not to be amused . Clearly , they 're both having the time of their lives , and are excited about their current musical journey -- which pushes each out of their respective comfort zones and into new territory . Now , he 's a little bit country and she 's a little bit rock 'n' roll . Watch Plant and Krauss rib each other " I compliment Krauss on her hair as a stylist touches her up . "  It 's not mine , " she whispers . Two feet away , Plant clears his throat loudly and points to his own golden locks . "  Why , your hair looks lovely , too , Robert , " I say . "  Well , you know who I am , " he replies . We are in Coldplay 's vacated dressing room , two nights before Plant and Krauss swept the evening at the 51st annual Grammy Awards . This is an excerpt from our conversation in the basement of Staples Center in Los Angeles the night of their rehearsal . CNN : First of all , this is the screwiest collaboration I had ever heard of . How did this happen ? Robert Plant : It 's just sheer luck , really . I never sang with anybody before , you know -- only once ever in my life , on "  Led Zep IV " with Sandy Denny -LSB- the late English folk singer , in 1971 -RSB- . So this is a whole new thing . I 've also been coming to the United States for 40 years -- you would n't believe it looking at me -- and I 've never worked with Americans ! This is all brand new for me . Alison Krauss : Were we both nervous ? We both were . We thought , "  What are we going to do in there ? " We went into the studio originally saying , "  We 'll give it three days and see what it 's like . " Plant : Alison 's reputation is 24 karat , and I 'm an old rock 'n' roll singer . Even the band was kind of going , "  Oh wow , how is this going to work ? " It was great when we kicked in together , and I could just feel the room -- I do n't want to say it , but the room lifted ! CNN : Musically , you 're polar opposites . How did you blend your different perspectives ? Plant : As we got started , it was Alison 's world . She knew how she wanted to proceed , and we exchanged a lot of ideas musically . And then we both agreed that because we both produced records ourselves , that we needed an intermediary to guide -- somebody to separate us , or to make the journey more clear . And Alison knew T Bone Burnett from "  O Brother , Where Art Thou , " and he kindly enlisted for the gig , and he brought a lot of great songs to the show . CNN : You challenged one another to sing in different ways than you 're used to . Plant : When she goes up for these wailing notes on stage , that 's where I want her to go with this new project -- occasionally visit these places where she lets rip , and just lets it really come out . Krauss  melodramatically  : It 's just reckless abandon ! It 's just crazy ! Plant : I do n't know why I 'm being so serious . She just kicks ass and nobody knew it ! CNN : Now this is all making sense . With Alison , it 's letting go , and with you , Robert , it 's kind of containing things . Plant : I 'm being bullied , basically . Pushed around . CNN : But you like it . Admit it , you love it . Plant : Oh , I do ! I have n't even gotten off to being bullied enough yet . CNN : Did you have this much fun working with Zeppelin ? Plant : I ca n't remember . Honestly , I have n't got a clue . I was a totally different guy then . It was 28 years ago . I did n't look as good as I do now , and I did n't share the couch with another Leo . CNN : Alison , did you listen to Led Zeppelin growing up ? Krauss : We all have , yeah .  Plant is shaking his head and mouthing the word "  No . "  My brother was and is such a huge fan of the band , and I remember growing up and he would be in his bedroom yelling about the records and how great they were . CNN : Robert , were you familiar with Alison 's work ? Plant : Yeah , to some degree , but not as intensely as I became . And also , I did n't understand the history of where Alison 's from -LSB- bluegrass -RSB- , and has been since she was a child . In fact , both of us can sit there talking about music , and neither of us can recognize the artists we 're referring to . It 's amazing . I mean , all the rock 'n' roll , and black Mississippi and Chicago stuff that I go raving on about , she 's going , "  Hmm . " Krauss : I did n't grow up on that , yeah . CNN : Has he made you listen to his music collection ? Plant : We share . Krauss : I bring bluegrass . It 's the same people . Same blue-collar people . Just one was south of the Delta , and one was Virginia and Tennessee and North Carolina . So we 've got lots in common -- but it 's the presentation and the whole musicality of it that 's different . CNN : Your collaboration has worked out so well that you 're back in the studio in Nashville , working on a second album together . Plant : We 'd like to keep it going . CNN : Do you think there 's going to be an album No. 3 , and an album No. 4 ? Plant : I 'd have to move to Nashville , would n't I ? CNN : Or she moves to England . Plant  to Krauss  : Could you stand the climate ? Krauss : I 'll get a heating pad . Plant : And a season ticket for Wolverhampton Wanderers football club . That 's important . CNN : You gained a lot of fans with this project , but there are those Led Zeppelin diehards who 've been holding their breath for a reunion tour -- especially since you reunited for the Ahmet Ertegun tribute concert at Wembley in 2007 . Plant : Well , we had a really good night , and we had great rehearsals , and it was very emotional -- and if you like , quite elevating . But it was the right thing to do to do it that way . There 's no bandwagon . We 've already been around the world , and did what we did when we were young men . CNN : That sounds like a man who 's looking forward , and not back . Plant : Only last week , I was being grilled again by Alison to get into shape and get it right . And that 's fantastic ! I really want that . I do n't want to go around , everybody thinking , "  That 's what he did . " Because this is what I do , and every day , it should be more interesting . CNN : And in the meantime , you 've been recognized by the Grammys . Plant : We 've already won by doing this . We 've brought our gifts , and we 've shared them , and the whole surrounding musically is so beautiful , that that 's our reward . The fact that it worked . The fact that it was n't some embarrassing moment of two people trying something out , and saying goodbye , and then meeting at a party years later and saying , "  Oh , Christ , there 's Alison Krauss ! Oh , no ! "	Robert Plant , Alison Krauss collaborated on "  Raising Sand " Duo confesses they were nervous working together , but it worked Album won album of the year at Grammys Plant on Led Zeppelin reunion : 2007 show was "  emotional , " but that 's probably it
This week President Obama did a swing through some college campuses talking about student loan debt . The immediate issue is the 3.4 % interest rate on federal student loans . It 's set to double July 1 unless Congress acts . Keeping the rate low in this still weak economy is , as the president said , a no-brainer . Even his opponent Mitt Romney has endorsed it . But the larger problem -- mounting college costs and a cumulative $ 1 trillion in student loan debt -- remains untouched . Some recent polls have shown that support for Obama among young voters , once Obama 's enthusiastic fans , may be waning in this election compared with four years ago . Student loans are seen by some as the president 's chosen key to regaining their hearts . But really , the issue has been raised for him by the Occupy movement , gearing up this May 1 with a new set of actions focusing on the cost of college and the depredations of the student loan industry . Additionally , almost 700,000 people have signed a petition sponsored by MoveOn.org for student loan forgiveness , started by lawyer and student-loan debtor Robert Applebaum . And the Student Loan Forgiveness Act of 2012 , introduced by U.S. Rep. Hansen Clarke , D-Michigan , last month , is aimed at offering relief . What 's at stake here is the basic equation of the American dream : Hard work plus merit equals opportunity . As usually happens , hard times have led to cuts in support to public education and attendant tuition hikes . Young people are graduating into a dismal job market with an average of more than $ 25,000 in debt . Loan default rates were up sharply last year , and many graduates are questioning the value of their education . In eight years of covering and advocating for student debtors , I 've never seen such a level of public outcry . The president and his Department of Education deserve credit for keeping the heat on student loan and college cost issues , and not just at campaign time . Their most important move was probably the government takeover of the student loan market . As of July 1 , 2010 , all federally subsidized student loans -- about 80 % of the total -- have been originated by the Department of Education . The deal ended billions of dollars in unnecessary subsidies to lenders like Sallie Mae and , in theory at least , empowered the government to set repayment terms friendlier to student lenders . Unfortunately , the measures proposed so far -- freezing interest rates , income-based repayment and public service loan forgiveness -- have n't gone far enough to improve the lot of students and recent grads . There are indications that the specialized repayment programs , designed to make loans cheaper for low earners and those employed by the government or nonprofits , are undersubscribed because of red tape and a lack of publicity . There is a simpler way to cut the Gordian knot of rising debt and college costs , one that would help desperate graduates in the short term and lower the cost of college in the long term . The answer is bankruptcy relief for both federal and private student loans . Since 1998 , federally subsidized student loans have been non-dischargeable in bankruptcy , except in rare cases involving permanent disability or death . Since 2005 , even private , unsubsidized student loans -- the fastest-growing , highest-cost type of student loan , tantamount to putting college on your credit card -- have been immune to bankruptcy claims , as well . Without bankruptcy , lenders have little interest in negotiating . Falling behind on your loans can spiral into a hellish decades-long nightmare of interest rates and penalties soaring many times beyond the original sum . For federal borrowers , the government can garnish your wages without taking you to court , seize tax refunds and even Social Security . Allowing anyone who faces unreasonable student loan sums compared with their income to seek relief through the courts , as we do with every other kind of debt , would end the horror stories . It would also likely have several ripple effects . Private loans would decrease , and the federal government , facing a potential liability of $ 100 billion a year , would have a reason to get more serious about college costs and productivity . This could lead to , among other things , an expansion of the gainful employment rule , which sanctions schools that prepare very few of their students to be solvent . In the long run , we 'd probably see more innovative low-cost learning alternatives , such as the free online courses being offered by Stanford , Princeton , and MIT professors through the new ventures Udacity , Coursera , and MITx . Bankruptcy relief on student loans is n't just fair , it 's the first step to a more functional market in higher education .	The interest rate on student loans will soon double unless Congress acts Anya Kamenetz says Obama showed concern over student debt during visits to colleges But proposed relief measures do n't go far enough ; bankruptcy relief is needed , she says Kamenetz : Bankruptcy relief is fair , a first step to more functional education market
CNN  You ca n't get a new iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus until Friday , but iOS 8 , the latest version of Apple 's mobile operating system , went live on Wednesday . The free download is available to anyone with an iPhone 4S , 5 , 5C or 5S . IOS 8 is n't the radical upgrade that iOS 7 was , but it has a handful of new features that you 're bound to enjoy . Here 's a look at a few of our favorites .  Is there another feature you 're looking forward to using ? Let us know in the comments . Device Continuity When Apple 's Mac operating system , OS X Yosemite , is released , probably in late October , it will pair with iOS 8 for the tightest integration ever between devices . Users will be able to do things like answer phone calls on their laptop , receive texts on a desktop computer and move a document in progress from an iPhone to an iPad to a computer with a single swipe . iOS 8 : How to get it , and whether you should That feature , called Handoff , works with apps including Mail , Safari , Pages , Numbers , Keynote , Maps , Messages , Reminders , Calendar and Contacts . Widgets Until now , Apple has kept strict controls on how apps -- other than its own -- appear on the iPhone and iPad . Basically , they get a tiny , uniformly sized box for each app , and that 's that . But in iOS 8 , it has given developers the ability to create widgets for the devices . Now , they 'll be able to create simple , standalone tools for things like checking the weather or monitoring data usage . But the function , which has long been available on Android devices , will be limited to the "  Today " screen under the device 's Notification Center . Keyboard changes Apple says iOS 8 brings the biggest changes to the system 's keyboard since the iPhone was introduced . For one , Apple will begin allowing third-party typing apps , so tools like Swype , the finger-dragging system popular on Android , will be coming soon . The system 's native typing system will get some tweaks too , largely in the form of QuickType , a Google-style predictive text system . The system will predict the next word you want to type based on what you 've written in the past and let you add the entire word with a single tap . Its predictions will change based on the people you 're communicating with and the format you 're using  say , email vs. text  . What 's that song ? Siri is now integrated with Shazam , an app that recognizes music and other media playing around it . iOS 8 users will be able to simply ask Siri "  what song is playing ? " and get everyone 's favorite digital assistant 's best guess . Family Sharing Apple wants you to have one big happy iPhone and iPad-using family . In the new system , up to six people will be able to share purchases from iTunes , iBook and the App Store without having to share a single account . Family Sharing also automatically creates a family photo album , letting anyone on the plan share to it . There 's a shared family calendar so anyone  OK , let 's face it , so Mom ...  can keep everyone abreast of plans and an "  ask to buy " function that automatically pings parents , letting them give or withhold permission when a child tries to buy something from Apple . Hands-on with the new Apple Watch See Apple 's new iPhone 6 in 60 seconds	iOS 8 , Apple 's new mobile operating system , rolled out Wednesday It 's two days before the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus hit stores New features include a major keyboard update Continuity lets you share documents between Apple devices
London  CNN  -- Despite Turkey 's shelling of Syria , Middle East expert Fawaz Gerges says neither side wants an escalation of a conflict that has the potential to spill over into a regional war that would be extremely difficult to end . It is important to stress at the outset that we do not know if the shells that landed on Turkish border towns , killing at least five people , were ordered by Bashar al-Assad 's government ; all we know is the shelling came from the area where Syrian positions had been firing at rebels . Syria has admitted its shelling killed Turkish civilians , has apologized , and has promised that the incident will not be repeated , Turkey 's deputy prime minister says . Syria 's information minister has pledged an investigation into how and why the shell came to be fired at Turkey . The big point is that the Assad regime is desperately trying to prevent outside military intervention in its war-torn country , and does not want to provide a pretext for Turkey to do so , knowing that it would be disastrous . News : Turkey strikes targets in retaliation for shelling deaths Similarly , I believe the Turkish government has no interest in military escalation against its neighbor . According to surveys , public opinion in Turkey is strongly against all-out war with Syria . Equally important is the fact that , although NATO and the United States have expressed solidarity with Turkey , a NATO member , they are urging restraint . Western powers , particularly the United States , do not have the desire or political will to intervene militarily in Syria . Without the full backing of NATO and the US , Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan would be reluctant to embark on any large-scale military venture against Syria . So while we have seen a lot of escalation in the last 48 hours we need to put it into context : Neither side has an interest in turning this low-intensity war into something more serious , a full-blown confrontation . What the incident tells us is that Syria has now descended into all-out war . It tells us that Syria 's neighbors are deeply embroiled in its internal armed struggle . It also tells us that the civil war has become a proxy war between other regional players such as Iran and Saudi Arabia . The Syrian conflict has also been internationalized along Cold War lines , with the US and Russia backing rival camps . The spillover of the Syrian war has reached not just Turkey but also Jordan , Lebanon , and Iraq , with frequent armed clashes and casualties . If these skirmishes intensify and escalate , the potential of a region-wide war can not be overlooked . World : Syrian refugees in Turkey -- police are forcing us from homes This is why Western powers , particularly the United States , are reluctant to intervene militarily in the Syrian civil war , lest they exacerbate an already dangerous situation : They want the civil war to remain an internal conflict where it can be contained . Al-Assad 's strategy has succeeded : He has forced the opposition to militarize the political uprising . Syria is in the grip of a bloody and costly armed struggle , a struggle that does not show signs of an early resolution , but of turning into a long , drawn-out conflict . No one knows how that would end , but it would ensure he has local and regional support to survive for quite a long time . The Syrian authorities have little control over all military engagements . The fire has spread across the whole country : Assad 's forces are over-extended and thinly spread . Despite assurances given by the Syrian government that the shelling that killed the Turkish civilians wo n't be repeated , it is doubtful whether that pledge can be honored as Syria descends into all-out war . Turkey has been extremely angry in the last few weeks . For the first time Prime Minister Recep Tayip Reccip Erdogan has criticized the Western powers for paying lip service to the opposition cause , implying that his patience is running thin . Regardless of how the Turkish leadership feels though , I do n't think it will act independently without a security umbrella commitment by NATO and a green light from the Americans . They have made it very clear they will not act on their own against Syria . NATO has gone out of its way to impress gently on the Turkish leadership not to escalate the situation beyond what it has done so far . News : Turkey vows ` no interest in war '	Syrian shells hit towns across the border in Turkey , killing at least five Syria apologizes for incident , says it will not be repeated Fawaz Gerges says neither side wants Syria 's civil war to spread across region
CNN  -- Fresh accusations that the Assad regime has used chemical weapons in the ongoing civil war have led many to renew calls for the world to take stronger actions to stop the growing humanitarian crisis . But recent polls have shown Americans are very reluctant to support military interventions in Syria . In a Huffington Post/YouGov poll , as few as 5 % of respondents were willing to commit troops to the cause . The Obama administration has been similarly hesitant to get involved in Syria . Q&A : Is Syrian war escalating to wider conflict ? While the administration has made some efforts to respond to humanitarian crises elsewhere in the world -- the U.S. joined NATO in its successful mission to assist Libyan rebels , military advisers have been sent to Uganda to combat the Lord 's Resistance Army and to Jordan to help Syrian rebels -- full-scale military intervention in Syria does not appear to be on the table . Read more : Opposition source -- Syrian rebels get U.S.-organized training in Jordan President Obama 's varying view on humanitarian intervention is in keeping with over 20 years of inconsistent American policy on the issue . Over the last 20 years , the U.S. government has chosen to intervene in Bosnia , Kosovo , Somalia , Haiti , and Libya while resisting calls to take action in Rwanda and Sudan . Read more : 5 reasons Syria 's war suddenly looks more dangerous To better predict whether the U.S. will intervene in Syria , or any other similar crisis , we must understand why Washington selectively engages in humanitarian intervention missions . Our recent research on when and why the U.S. engages in humanitarian intervention emphasizes two factors that might force the U.S. government 's hand on humanitarian intervention : public opinion and Congressional partisanship . We analyzed public opinion polls and congressional votes during four episodes of humanitarian intervention -- Somalia , Haiti , Bosnia and Kosovo -- and found , as recent debates seems to suggest , humanitarian intervention is mired in the mundane world of politics . Contrary to conventional wisdom , politics do not end at "  water 's edge . " There is some good news to report : both the general public and individual legislators understand and are responsive to the moral imperative of stopping humanitarian crises . The public is generally supportive of humanitarian missions . Even in the recent polls on Syria , respondents believe something should be done , even if they are unsupportive of military action by the U.S. . Opinion : Give peace talks in Syria a chance Further , Congress is not wholly unresponsive to public preferences regarding intervention in humanitarian emergencies . Legislative support is more likely in cases where public opinion generally favors intervention . Those who push for more humanitarian missions can increase support for such missions by raising public outcry for action . But the bad news is that humanitarian crises , like in Syria , which should rise above politics as usual , are often mired in that very spot . Opinion : Why the Syrian quagmire threatens Turkey Although public opinion appears to have an influence on legislative behavior , traditional factors such as partisanship have the strongest influence on how legislators cast their votes . Humanitarian intervention is most likely when the U.S. president enjoys a majority in Congress . In the case of the 1990s , humanitarian interventions failed to get off the ground when President Clinton lost majorities in Congress . If American politics is becoming increasingly partisan , future administrations should have an even harder time galvanizing the domestic support they need to address any humanitarian crises . Opinion : Obama 's no-win options in Syria This does not mean , however , that humanitarian intervention will only occur when a president enjoys a majority in Congress . As the recently launched humanitarian missions suggest , politicians are learning the lessons of the 1990s and circumventing Congress . This helps explain why President Obama 's decision to contribute the U.S. military to NATO operations in Libya proceeded without Congressional authorization ; the president was surely aware that such a vote would go down to defeat in a Republican-controlled House and deeply partisan Senate . Congress was similarly bypassed in October 2011 when the administration deployed military advisers to Uganda . Congress was similarly bypassed in 2011 and 2013 when the administration deployed military advisers to Uganda and Jordan , respectively . For those who advocate for a strong humanitarian intervention in Syria , our research does not paint a completely gloomy picture . Instead , it simply suggests that domestic political will is a necessary precondition for intervention missions and should not be overlooked . It is important to recognize that partisan bickering and political jockeying shape responses to humanitarian crises just as in trade policy , arms control , and immigration politics . While the atrocities are singular in their importance , the politics of dealing with them are not . For those eager to craft a uniform and effective international response to humanitarian crises as in Syria , they must first turn their attention to domestic politics . The political elites who must decide when , whether , where and how to fulfill the responsibility to protect , face their own domestic political battles . Ignoring these contexts threatens to over-simplify both the problems and the promises of humanitarian intervention . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Hildebrandt , Courtney Hillebrecht and Jon Pevehouse .	Experts : Washington selectively engages in humanitarian intervention missions Domestic political will is a necessary precondition for intervention missions , they say Polls show Americans are very reluctant to support military interventions in Syria
CNN  -- Australian authorities will announce a new search area Wednesday in the hunt for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 , according to the agency overseeing the effort . The Australian Transport Safety Bureau said Sunday it 's been re-examining data that could shift the search area hundreds of kilometers south along an arc derived from satellite data . More than three months after Flight 370 disappeared over Southeast Asia , searchers have found no trace of the Boeing 777 or the 239 people aboard , making it one of the biggest mysteries in aviation history . Police : Report about pilot is wrong Meanwhile , Malaysian police are denying a report in a London newspaper that MH370 pilot Zaharie Ahmad Shah is the primary suspect in the probe into the plane 's disappearance . The investigation is "  ongoing " on all angles , with nothing conclusive at this time , Malaysian police spokeswoman Asmawati Ahmad told CNN . "  We did not make any statement to say that Capt. Zaharie was the prime suspect , " she said , refuting an article in London 's The Sunday Times that says Zaharie is now the sole focus of the investigation . The article cites unnamed industry and non-Malaysian government sources familiar with the state of the investigation as claiming that Zaharie is "  the prime suspect if the plane 's disappearance turns out to be the result of human intervention . " That conclusion is based on claims that police found Zaharie to be the only member of the flight crew who had made no personal or professional obligations for the future , the report claimed . The story also said evidence from the flight simulator at Zaharie 's home showed he had plotted -- but then deleted -- paths to the deep southern Indian Ocean and landings on short runways . But the report notes that investigators have not ruled out the possibility of a mechanical malfunction or terrorism , and acknowledges that the case against Zaharie is based on circumstantial evidence . An FBI review of the two pilots ' hard drives , including one in the flight simulator Zaharie had built at his home , had not turned up a "  smoking gun , " a U.S. official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN in March . What 's next Authorities have not been able to explain why the jet veered dramatically off course during a scheduled flight from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing on March 8 . Hopes of closure for the families of those on board were raised in early April , when a search team in the southern Indian Ocean detected pings that were initially believed to have come from the plane 's flight data recorders . But Australian authorities said an exhaustive search of the sea floor around the pings yielded no wreckage and ruled the area out as the aircraft 's final resting place . Now , officials are preparing for the next stage of the search . Australia , the closest country to where the plane is believed to have entered the ocean , has said it will delegate the management and operation of the new phase to a private company . The Australian Transport Safety Bureau , which is leading the search at the request of the Malaysian government , said it is accepting proposals for the task until the end of June . The new search is expected to start in August at the earliest . Outside group tells governments where to search for Flight 370 A hole in the clouds , an empty space on earth CNN 's David Molko contributed to this report .	NEW : Malaysian police : A report about a pilot being the prime suspect is wrong Australia Transport Safety Bureau will announce a new search area Wednesday Analysts have been re-evaluating satellite data
