CNN  -- It 's an extraordinary claim -- one based on a 40-year-old memory -- but one the FBI has been using in an attempt to untangle the unsolved case of skyjacker D.B. Cooper . To Marla Cooper of Oklahoma , her uncle was D.B. Cooper -- except she knew him as Uncle L.D. . She believes he died in 1999 . "  I saw my uncle plotting a scheme , " Cooper told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin of what she said she remembers witnessing as an eight-year-old girl four decades ago . Cooper said she was with two uncles at her grandmother 's house around Thanksgiving time . "  I was with them while they were plotting it . I did n't really know what was going on , " Cooper said . "  Afterwards on Thanksgiving Day , I saw them return and I heard them discussing what they had done with my father . I have very vivid memories of it . " Her claim might be cause for healthy speculation , especially 40 years after the fact , but two sources close to the investigation have told CNN that Marla Cooper 's tip led to the FBI reviving the case and for the past year the agency has been actively working the lead . On November 24 , 1971 , a man calling himself Dan Cooper -- the "  D.B. " apparently was a myth created by the press , according to the FBI -- hijacked Northwest Orient Flight 305 and succeeded in getting authorities to give him $ 200,000 and parachutes in return for letting passengers off the plane . The man then asked to be flown to Mexico City but jumped out of the back of the plane somewhere between Seattle , Washington , and Reno , Nevada . Authorities have never been able to prove whether the man survived or what his actual identity was . FBI working new lead in D.B. Cooper hijacking case Marla Cooper says he did survive , but maybe , just barely . "  He and my other uncle came back very early on Thanksgiving morning and my Uncle L.D. was wounded , " she said . "  He had blood on his shirt . He was banged up . He was really in bad shape . " She said the Korean War veteran later received treatment for his injuries at a VA hospital . It was then Cooper 's father swore her to secrecy , she said . "  He explained that what my uncles had done could mean death and he said , ` Marla , you can never speak of this , ' " according to Cooper , who said she last saw L.D. Cooper around Christmas 1972 . "  He just vanished from the life that he had known before , " she said , noting that her uncle missed her grandmother 's funeral around 1975 . The FBI has n't directly commented on Marla Cooper 's claims , but a spokesman for the agency did say this week that the tip the agency is investigating came to them through a retired law enforcement officer , who had a contact who thought he or she knew the skyjacker 's identity but added the suspect was dead . Marla Cooper said she gave the FBI a guitar strap her uncle had given her mother . She said they could n't find any of his fingerprints on it . "  Family members of the deceased have cooperated with us and given us access to items which belonged to the deceased , " said Fred Gutt with the FBI 's Seattle Field Office . The FBI 's lab started looking for evidence that might prove the dead person was the man who skyjacked Flight 305 . The FBI wanted to retrieve items with fingerprints belonging to the new suspect . Gutt said the FBI knows Cooper had handled certain papers , including his plane ticket , and touched plane seats , but many fingerprints were found on those items . Through the years , the FBI managed to identify some fingerprints but not all of them . Gutt would not discuss the suspect 's identity , the evidence retrieved or what the lab results were . But , Gutt said , "  so far there 's not a lot that 's inconsistent " with the suspect matching D.B. Cooper . Gutt added the FBI has not been able to prove the person is the mysterious skyjacker and the law enforcement agency still does not know for certain whether Cooper survived his leap out of the plane almost four decades ago during bad weather . Although the FBI has been looking into the new lead for a year , it was first revealed during an interview with The Telegraph of London in advance of the 40th anniversary of the unsolved case this November . One clue came in 1980 , when a young boy found a rotting package full of $ 20 bills -- $ 5,800 in all -- that matched the serial numbers of the ransom money . The FBI returned most of the bills to the boy , named Brian Ingram , and Ingram has since auctioned some of them , the Seattle Post-Intelligencer reported . "  We 've run down thousands of leads and considered all sorts of scenarios , " the FBI said in 2007 . "  And amateur sleuths have put forward plenty of their own theories . Yet the case remains unsolved . Would we still like to get our man ? Absolutely . " The FBI appealed for help from the public , releasing pictures of Cooper 's black J.C. Penney tie , which he removed before jumping and which later provided authorities with a DNA sample , along with some of the found money . The agency reminded the public that Cooper was no expert skydiver . "  We originally thought Cooper was an experienced jumper , perhaps even a paratrooper , " said Special Agent Larry Carr in 2007 . "  We concluded after a few years this was simply not true . No experienced parachutist would have jumped in the pitch-black night , in the rain , with a 200-mile-an-hour wind in his face , wearing loafers and a trench coat . It was simply too risky . He also missed that his reserve chute was only for training and had been sewn shut -- something a skilled skydiver would have checked . " Agents also believe Cooper had no help on the ground . If he had had an accomplice , he would have needed to coordinate closely with the flight crew and jump at just the right moment . "  But Cooper simply said , ` Fly to Mexico , ' and he had no idea where he was when he jumped , " authorities said . "  There was also no visibility of the ground due to cloud cover at 5,000 feet . " Two flight attendants who were in contact with Cooper gave nearly identical descriptions of him , as did those who encountered him on the ground . He was said to be between 5 foot 10 and 6 feet tall , weighing 170 to 180 pounds with brown eyes . Carr said in 2007 he believed it was unlikely Cooper survived the jump . "  Diving into the wilderness without a plan , without the right equipment , in such terrible conditions , he probably never even got his chute open , " he said . By the five-year anniversary of the hijacking , the FBI said it had considered more than 800 suspects and eliminated all but two dozen from consideration . Several high-profile suspects have been ruled out over the years . Duane Weber , who claimed on his deathbed to be Cooper , was eliminated by DNA testing , the FBI said . Another man , Kenneth Christiansen , did not match the physical description and was a skilled paratrooper . A third , Richard McCoy , who died in 1974 , also did not match the description and was at home the day after the hijacking having Thanksgiving dinner with his family in Utah -- "  an unlikely scenario unless he had help , " the agency said . Gutt said while the FBI understands there is great public interest in this long-unsolved case "  it 's a fairly low-priority case for the FBI " as it pursues new investigations involving cases like missing children that have a current impact on public safety . Even so , Gutt said the FBI always follows up on any new tips on the case . On Sunday , another FBI spokeswoman , Ayn Sandalo Dietrich , told CNN the information on the new suspect is not expected to be "  a big break in the investigation . " CNN 's Brooke Baldwin , Patrick Oppmann , Carol Cratty and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report	The woman 's claims are being investigated by the FBI , sources tell CNN A man calling himself Dan Cooper hijacked a plane in 1971 He jumped from the plane carrying a parachute and pilfered money Cooper has never been found and his fate is unknown
Mental Floss  -- Sadly , the down economy has put a lot of workers over age 50 in the unenviable position of needing to find a new profession . Do n't believe that old cliché about middle-aged dogs and new tricks , though ; lots of wildly successful people found big success in careers they began after their fiftieth birthdays . Here are just a few examples . 1 . Colonel Sanders Harland Sanders was no slouch as a young man , but he did n't become the string-tied chicken mogul we know and love until he was 65 . "  The Colonel " had a relatively successful restaurant and motel on U.S. 25 in Corbin , Kentucky , but when Interstate 75 opened seven miles from Sanders ' restaurant , his business begin to dwindle . Rather than go broke , he began to work on perfecting his spice blend and quick-cooking technique for making fried chicken in 1952 . He then began touring the country selling Kentucky Fried Chicken franchises , and by the time he sold the business for $ 2 million in 1964 , there were over 900 of them . 2 . Jack Cover You may not recognize Cover 's name , but you 've surely heard of his invention , the Taser . Cover spent most of his career as a nuclear physicist who worked in aerospace and defense , including playing a significant role in supplying parts for NASA 's Apollo project . In 1970 the 50-year-old Cover started Taser , Inc. in an effort to find a weapon that could incapacitate assailants without killing them . He received a patent for his design in 1974 , and by 1980 Cover had sold the Los Angeles Police Department on using his new gadget to help apprehend violent suspects . When Cover passed away last year at the age of 88 , his device was in use in over 45 countries around the world . 3 . Edmond Hoyle Whether or not you know it , you probably owe Hoyle a tip of the cap each time you reach for a deck of cards . The Englishman is considered to be the world 's first technical writer on the rules of card games , and he did n't put pen to paper as a young card sharp . Hoyle was around 70 years old when he first began recording the rules of various card games in 1741 ; over the last 27 years of his life , his smash hit "  A Short Treatise on the Game of Whist " went through over a dozen editions . Mental Floss : 8 successful people grateful they got canned 4 . Laura Ingalls Wilder Wilder 's "  Little House on the Prairie " may be some of the world 's most beloved children 's books , but she was no spring chicken when she sat down to write them . Wilder did n't publish her first novel until she was 65 years old , but she still managed to crank out one of the most beloved series of all time . 5 . Takichiro Mori You do n't have to start early to become the richest man in the world . Mori was an economics professor until he left academia at age 55 to become a real estate investor in 1959 . Mori had recently inherited a couple of buildings from his father , and he jumped headfirst into Tokyo 's real estate scene . Mori started his second career by investing in the Minato ward where he spent his childhood , and within a matter of years he was presiding over Japan 's real estate boom . When Mori died in 1993 , he was Forbes ' two-time reigning world 's richest man with a net worth of around $ 13 billion . He was something of a Japanese precursor to Warren Buffett , though . Mori never seemed totally comfortable with the fame and fortune his second career won him . He dressed traditionally , abstained from alcohol , and lived a fairly modest life . 6 . Grandma Moses Anna Mary Robertson Moses is one of the biggest names in American folk art , and she did n't even pick up a brush until she was well into her eighth decade . Grandma Moses was originally a big fan of embroidery , but once her arthritis grew too painful for her to hold a needle , she decided to give painting a try in the mid-1930s . She was 76 when she cranked out her first canvas , and she lived another 25 years as a painter -- long enough to see the canvases she had sold for $ 3 fetch prices north of $ 10,000 . Mental Floss : 10 Great Depression success stories 7 . A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada The founder of the Hare Krishna movement was 69 years old before he started the International Society for Krishna Consciousness . In his native India , Prabhupada had been a chemist and a Sanskrit scholar in Calcutta , but in 1965 he came to New York City with just fifty bucks , a pair of cymbals , and a desire to spread the teachings of Lord Krishna . Prabhupada got off to a modest start by sitting on a sidewalk in the East Village and chanting , but by the time of his death in 1977 his legions of followers were rumored to be thousands strong . 8 & 9 . Tim and Nina Zagat The husband-and-wife team behind the popular dining surveys of the same name were corporate lawyers when they first started printing their restaurant guides . Eventually the guides became so popular that Tim left his job as corporate counsel for Gulf & Western to manage the business in 1986 when he was 51 years old . Nina eventually left the corporate law world to work on the dining surveys as well . Mental Floss : 7 famous people who survived bankruptcy 10 . Ronald Reagan Sure , Reagan had been no slouch as an actor , but he was n't elected to his first public office until he was 55 years old . In 1966 Reagan won California 's gubernatorial race by over a million votes . Prior to his election , Reagan had done some politicking as the president of the Screen Actors Guild and as spokesman for General Electric , but nothing on his resume made him look like a sure-fire two-term president . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Several famous people started successful careers after age 50 Ronald Reagan was elected to his first public office at age 55 "  Little House on the Prairie " Laura Ingalls Wilder wrote her first novel at 65
New York  CNN  -- For Luke Foreman , seeing double has always been the norm . Growing up alongside twin Megan , the California-born 16-year-old has never thought twice about the frequency of twins around him . But , late last year , Luke was surprised to learn his school could tie the world record for the most twins in the same academic year at one school . A dramatic rise in multiple-child pregnancies has left many schools with record-smashing numbers of twins and triplets . Luke Foreman 's Staples High School in Westport , Connecticut , tied the Guinness World Record this year for most sets of twins in a grade at 16 . The high school shares the title with Valley Southwoods Freshman High School in West Des Moines , Iowa . The schools , however , may not hold the record for long . Connecticut 's Greenwich High School hopes to beat the world record with 18 pair of twins in its class of 2016 . "  I was kind of stunned , " Nancy Lanzoni , mother of twins Ben and Willy , said when she learned the Greenwich High School boasts a total 62 sets of twins in four grades . The surprising numbers reflect a rise in multiple births in the United States . "  There 's no question that the number and rate of multiple births has increased substantially in recent years , " Joyce Martin , an epidemiologist at the National Center for Health Statistics  NCHS  , explains . In a report published earlier this year , the NCHS found there has been a 76 % increase in the incidence of twins from 1980 to 2009 . One in every 30 babies born in the United States in 2009 was a twin , compared to 1 in every 53 babies born in 1980 . "  The increase of triplets and higher was almost 400 % , " Martin says . "  You do n't typically see that kind of change occurring naturally . " The remarkable increase is largely attributed to the increasingly older age of mothers and the increased use of infertility treatments , which gained popularity in the 1980s and 1990s . "  A lot of it is driven by demographics , " Martin explains . "  Moms tend to be older . When older women give birth naturally , they are more likely to have twins spontaneously and are more likely to have treatments . " It comes as little surprise that two Connecticut high schools have competed for the top twin-related prize . Connecticut saw the highest twin birth rate in 2009 with nearly 5 % of all births in the state being twins . Massachusetts , New Jersey , New Hampshire and Rhode Island were not far behind . "  I 've noticed there are more twins and triplets , " John Dodig , principal of Staples High School , says . "  I 'm sure  our record  will be very short lived in the Guinness World Record history . "	Connecticut high school ties the Guinness World Record for most sets of twins in a class Numbers can be attributed to dramatic increases in the rate of multiple birth pregnancies Multiple births have increased due to older age of mothers , increased use of infertility therapies
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- Virtual life is around us every day , from online communities to simulation in computer games . It 's fun , but it 's also useful . The United States military uses simulation technology to train pilots , soldiers who take part in convoys and medics , who are similar to civilian emergency medical technicians . New battery-operated , remote-controlled mannequins can simulate bleeding and breathing , and they have blinking eyes that dilate . Medics can test their skills on these life-like mannequins . The new units , which are packed with technology , are used at 23 U.S. Army Medical Simulation Training Centers as part of a program to teach lifesaving techniques to medics and nonmedical personnel . A Pentagon study says the training program has saved 1,000 soldiers ' lives in combat , said Lt. Col. Wilson Ariza , manager of the U.S. Army Medical Simulation Project . The centers -- originally designed to train medics and first responders before deployment to Iraq , Kuwait and Afghanistan -- became so good at saving lives on the battlefield that training was added to include everyday soldiers . The latest mannequins are anatomically correct and have life-like skin , allowing soldiers to practice lifesaving techniques to stop bleeding and start intravenous medications . A computer captures the medics ' actions to ensure that they take the right steps . "  That simulator will breathe and bleed . And if it 's bleeding , you have to apply the proper pressure to stop or control the bleeding , or the simulator will die , Ariza said . The training takes place over five days at military bases in the United States and overseas . The last day is the toughest . In an exercise , a simulated bomb explodes inside a tent , and a soldier screams "  Help me ! Help me ! " as a medic rushes to a man whose legs appear to be blown off . Blood squirts from the mannequin 's severed limbs , which have exposed muscles and bone . The graphic scene includes soldiers lying on the ground with facial injuries . A tourniquet is applied to the mannequin 's legs , stopping the bleeding . The screaming soldier is an actor , lying on a cot , who has only the top half of his body exposed . The bottom half is the mannequin . "  When you first walk in , it 's scary . It 's like , ` Wow , this is real , this is training ? ' " said Staff Sgt. Kelly Whitesell , a medic with the 7235th Medical Support Unit in Orlando . "  Then you get into the treatments , and that is like treating a real patient . " In 2007 , Whitesell was one of the first to take the course in Kuwait before deploying to Iraq . He 's now a medical trainer . Advances in technology have been crucial to the training . A decrease in computer size , along with an increase in power , made devices such as the mannequins possible , giving them the ability to simulate bleeding and breathing . As computing power increases , so does realism and the clarity of simulators . One simulator used by the Army teaches soldiers how to survive or avoid an ambush while traveling in a convoy . Col. Francisco Espaillat , manager of the U.S. Army Tactical Trainer Program , says military convoys are targets in Iraq and Afghanistan . Espaillat recalls the story of Pfc. Jessica Lynch , whose convoy in Iraq was attacked in 2003 . Lynch was captured by Iraqis and rescued a week later by U.S. forces . Espaillat uses Lynch story to show the importance of simulators . The convoy tactical trainer is equipped with a Hummer , a communication system and guns just like the ones used on the battlefield . "  We suspend reality and immerse our soldiers in a synthetic environment that stresses them so their training comes in to play , " Espaillat said . "  So when they are faced with it in the real world , they know how to respond because they have been there . " This tactical trainer is mobile , so it can "  bring the training to the soldier versus taking the soldier to the trainer , " Espaillat said . A mobile trainer is flexible , and it also cuts down on expenses -- a requirement for today 's military , whose pockets are not as deep as they once were . Most other simulators cost millions of dollars , require enormous computing power and are not very mobile . Lockheed Martin 's newest simulator can transform from a fixed-wing aircraft to a tank by just rebooting the computer software . The Multiple Function Training Aid 's cockpit is made up of consumer touch-screen monitors that run off one gaming-quality computer with added graphics cards . The compact device can easily be shipped where the military needs to keep soldiers up to date . One device could fulfill the training needs of one base -- from truck drivers to aircraft pilots -- at a fraction of the cost of large simulators . "  Any time you can save money , " said Air Force Lt. Col. Scott Moore , director of operations for the 29th Training Systems Squadron at Eglin Air Force Base , who recently tried the device . "  It 's the taxpayer 's money you are saving . " Large-scale simulators costing tens of millions of dollars still have their place , despite their price tag , said John Lenyo , president of CAE USA , which operates simulation training centers for military pilots . "  We will still need our war fighters trained as our budgets get tighter and tighter , " he said . That 's because training in actual airplanes costs tens of thousands of dollars an hour in fuel , not to mention the added danger , he said . "  You will see a shift from live training where soldiers and airmen go out to fly or go to the range to shoot -- some of that will be moved more and more to simulation , " he said . The modeling and simulation industry has responded to the military 's needs through increased simulation innovation in 3D , interactivity and emerging technologies , such as avatars , at a lower cost . Moore , who normally flies a B-52 , tried out the simulation for a CV-22 tiltrotor aircraft , which is kind of a cross between a helicopter and a turboprop airplane . "  I did n't crash , too often , " he said with a laugh . "  And that 's the best part of a simulator , you know . You get to practice that sort of thing . If you make a mistake , you can hit the reset button ... "  There 's no reset button in a real airplane . "	The U.S. military uses simulation technology to train pilots , soldiers and medics Medics train on life-like mannequins that can simulate combat injuries The mannequins have skin that bleeds and eyes that dilate High-tech simulators are small enough to ship to soldiers in combat
A judge on Friday ruled against Arizona , dismissing its claims "  in their entirety " against the federal government over its enforcement of immigration laws . The ruling by U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton is an apparent blow to Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer and her allies , who last year passed a controversial law known as SB 1070 . The Obama administration has challenged Arizona , claiming that enforcing immigration matters is the exclusive responsibility of the federal government . And in a separate ruling in July 2010 , Bolton blocked four key elements of the state legislation from taking effect -- including one requiring local police officers to check a person 's immigration status while enforcing other laws . This past August , state officials filed a petition to overturn that ruling , with Brewer saying she wants the U.S. Supreme Court to decide the matter . Arizona has argued that the law aims to merely assist and cooperate with federal authorities , which it says Congress has blessed . The focus of Friday 's ruling was Arizona 's counterclaim to a federal lawsuit intent on blocking SB 1070 . Brewer released a statement Friday calling Bolton 's latest decision "  to dismiss Arizona 's suit against the federal government ... frustrating but not entirely surprising . " "  It is but the latest chapter in a story that Arizonans know all too well : The federal government ignores its constitutional and statutory duty to secure the border . Federal courts avert their eyes . American citizens pay the price , " the statement said . Passed last year , the Arizona law aimed to "  discourage and deter the unlawful entry and presence of aliens and economic activity by persons unlawfully present in the United States . " In its counterclaims to the federal lawsuit , Arizona stated that Washington does not have "  operational control " over the Arizona-Mexico border , fails to protect Arizonans from invasion and domestic violence and has n't lived up to its statutory responsibility to enforce immigration laws . Arizona also cited the 10th Amendment , which states that powers not delegated to federal authorities rest with the states . But Bolton wrote in her ruling that the "  invasion clause protects against ` armed hostility from another political entity ' and does not permit Arizona to sue the federal government for its alleged failure to protect the state from unlawful immigration . " Bolton also said it is up to the political branch , not the courts , to decide if the "  domestic violence clause " applies to the immigration debate . Arizona also argued that it faces greater costs due to what it calls federal authorities failure to properly address immigration -- including to "  provide education , medical care and other benefits " to illegal immigrants in violation of the Tenth Amendment . " The judge countered , claiming "  Arizona does not point to any federal immigration policy that mandates or compels Arizona to take action . " "  The complained of expenditures arise entirely from Arizona 's own policy choices and independent constitutional obligations and are not incurred as a result of any federal mandate . These state costs do not give rise to a claim under the Tenth Amendment , " she wrote . Arizona also alleged that the federal government "  failed to comply with and enforce federal immigration law , " including a requirement that the U.S. Homeland Security department have "  operational control " of the border and construct at least 700 miles of barriers . The judge found that these laws do n't require "  any discreet action ` with the clarity necessary to support judicial action , ' " noting that the term "  operational control " is broad and that there are no deadlines for the fencing , infrastructure or other developments . In her statement following Bolton 's ruling , Brewer vowed that the state 's efforts on the matters would continue . "  This decision makes it even more critical that the U.S. Supreme Court hear our defense of SB 1070 , " she said . "  If the courts wo n't hold the federal government accountable -- as today 's decision makes clear -- then states like Arizona need clarity in terms of the authority they have to combat illegal immigration . "	The judge rules that Arizona 's claims on immigration are without merit Arizona 's governor vows to take fight to the U.S. Supreme Court Arizona passed a controversial immigration law last year , triggering lawsuits
CNN  -- Despite his threats of "  consequences " and the subsequent beatings and shooting deaths by government agents , the open protests on Iran 's streets by hundreds of thousands of people have dented the shield of invincibility of Iran 's Supreme religious Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , say sources in Iran . Riot police patrol a Tehran street earlier this week . Chants of "  Death to Khamenei " broke a state-imposed , and a self-imposed absolute prohibition on criticizing a leader believed to be wielding the wisdom and authority of God himself . But right now , the massive network of Iran 's intelligence agents , Revolutionary Guard , paramilitary Basij , and police of all sorts , are cracking down . Sources say they are also going house to house , through email accounts and web postings , through cell phone calls and SMS text messages  when the system is allowed to stay up  and even to taxi agencies whose drivers hoisted Mir Hossein Moussavi posters during the election campaign . They are rounding people up and , as it was chillingly put to me , in Iran 's prisons "  we have room for all of them . " In addition protestors are being paraded "  confessing and repenting " on Iranian state TV . The government also claims to be arresting "  foreign agents " accused of stirring up the protests . Sources say the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps  IRGC  , aligned with Ayatollah Khamenei , plucked Mahmoud Ahmadinejad from total obscurity as presidential candidate in 2005 , in order to hold the line against "  reform " in the country after eight years of the reformist president Mohammad Khatami . Sources in the Iranian government and well-placed analysts inside the country Say the IRGC has taken up influential positions in many major sectors of Iranian society , such as the oil industry , finance , transport , construction and other businesses and politics . Iran has been "  increasingly radicalized over the last four years , " one told me . While there are divisions within the clerical establishment and in parliament , sources tell me that for now that does not threaten the ruling establishment . I was told the weekend arrests of former president Hashemi Rafsanjani 's daughter and other relatives , and their swift release , were a warning to Rafsanjani , who backed Moussavi in the election . So far the powerful mullahs , monitoring it all from the holy city of Qom , are mostly quiet . And finally , for now , while Moussavi has startled the system with his willingness to press the election case , he is also considered , at this moment , no Ayatollah Khomeini . Nowhere near as charismatic and powerful as the leader of the successful revolution in 1979 . Sources say Moussavi is not formally arrested or under house arrest . However his movements and words are "  controlled " by security and intelligence officials . So in effect there is no visible leader for the street protesters today -- unlike 1979 , when Khomeini led from exile . Sources say all this could change if mass demonstrations hit the streets and simply remain there all over the country , if the security forces refuse to expand the crackdown , or if people go on nationwide strike , like they did in 1978-79 . As long as the streets and squares remain blanketed by security , they are mostly clear of protesters . Right now , chants of Allahu-Akbar still resound from the rooftops at night . Although residents say they seem to be dying down in some neighborhoods . Even the honking horns and flashing headlights are fading from the traffic . At this moment , however , it is impossible to know how this contest of wills -- and powers -- will play out .	Amanpour : Ayatollah 's credibility dented by huge street protests in Iran Sources say security forces are monitoring activists ' emails , SMS messages Iran : Intelligence officials could lose their control in face of mass protests
CNN  -- It 's not as fancy as an iPad , but it 's far more affordable : Kmart 's July 25 circular advertised a 7-inch tablet by Augen running the Android operating system . The GenTouch78 is on sale through July 31 for $ 149.99 . That 's far less than the cost of a laptop computer , and significantly less than the cost of a typical netbook . It 's even less than the up-front cost for many popular carrier-subsidized smartphones -- and it does n't require a pricey monthly contract . In fact , this device is roughly the size and cost of the Wi-Fi version of the latest Amazon Kindle . It 's small enough to carry in a purse , and light enough to hold up easily if you 're lying down in bed to read . All of this puts the GenTouch78 in a very interesting market position . It 's a net-enabled tablet that is truly affordable for a mass consumer audience . In this unboxing video , YouTube user MrJn7 compares the Android tablet to his iPad and notes that while the iPad functions more smoothly and has a more compelling display , you can buy three GenTouch78 tablets  and then some  for the price of the least expensive iPad model . This tablet certainly has some shortcomings . According to MrJn7 's video , the touchscreen is plastic  not glass  and requires a much firmer touch than the iPad . It even comes with a stylus , which seems like a technological throwback . Furthermore , the Android operating system may not be as intuitive as the Mac OS -- although it probably is not more difficult than Windows , which has been the choice of cost-conscious computer users for decades . The big deal is : Devices like this -- and rest assured , there will be many more of them -- can help address the class biases of technology and bridge the digital divide . Tablets like the GenTouch could become popular among people who have never owned a computer , or who own a computer and just want light web access on the go . I could see them becoming popular with teens and students , with seniors  who often feel overwhelmed by learning a computer  , or anyone who wants more than an e-reader but less than a netbook as long as it 's inexpensive . I also could see this kind of device catching on among businesses and organizations where people must walk around while recording or accessing information . I could envision cost-conscious shoppers opting to meet their communication needs via a small Wi-Fi tablet plus a no-contract , simple-feature phone -- and not feeling left behind by the smartphone craze . I 'm sure that some people who are accustomed to laptops and smartphones will scoff at the GenTouch78 and its inevitable successors as underpowered cheap toys . That 's fine . They 're not the target market . The target market , I think , is people who just want good-enough , easy internet access for the lowest cash outlay . That 's a big market -- one that probably includes people who would n't ever purchase a computer , netbook , or smartphone . The catch , of course , is Wi-Fi access -- which is still far from ubiquitous in many areas . It 's is often available for free at schools , libraries , and many kinds of businesses ; but it 's a bigger hurdle for people in rural or poor communities . So far , tablets  even the iPad  are mainly intended for media consumption , simple interaction , and light content creation or curating . They are n't good for writing a book , manipulating a big spreadsheet or editing a podcast . But they are good enough to allow considerably more people to do considerably more online , affordably , and with fewer obstacles than most phones present . At the moment , the GenTouch78 is not actually on Kmart 's shelves . The retailer is issuing rain checks for this offer .  See the Kmart blog for details .  And it 's unknown what Kmart 's price for the tablet will be after July 31 . But remember , this particular product is just a starting point . It 'll be interesting to watch this market develop -- and to see how people put these cheap tablets to use .	The GenTouch78 is a 7-inch tablet running the Android operating system It 's a web-enabled tablet that at $ 150 is truly affordable for a mass consumer audience Tablets like this could become popular among people who have never owned a computer
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The renewable energy sector has received a boost with the inauguration of the world 's first commercial wave power project off the Portuguese coast . It is hoped that the Pelamis Wave Energy Converters will provide energy for 15,000 homes . Developed by a Scottish engineering company , Pelamis Wave Power Limited , the Pelamis Wave Energy Converters  PWEC  have been towed into position three miles off the coast of Agucadoura in north Portugal . The first phase of the project is using three PWEC to generate 2.25 megawatts of power at a cost of nine million euros . If successful , a second phase will see energy generation rise to 21 megawatts from a further 25 machines providing electricity for 15,000 Portuguese homes . The project is a joint venture between Pelamis Wave Power Limited , Babcock and Brown Ltd -- a global specialist asset manager , Energias de Portugal  EDP  and Portuguese energy group EFACEC . Named after the sea snake Pelamis , each machine measures 140 meters in length , is 3.5 meters wide and sits partially submerged in the sea . Babcock and Brown 's Anthony Kennaway explained to CNN how the PWEC work . "  Effectively what you have is four long sections making up one machine . Between those sections are three small generating motors , " he said . "  The four sections are all joined by hydraulic rams . As the waves run through the machine it pushes the rams in and out . The action of the rams going to and fro pushes hydraulic fluid into a high-pressure reservoir . That high-pressure reservoir then releases the fluid at a steady rate through a generating motor . " This power is fed down to a cable on the sea bed which then links back to a sub-station on shore where it is converted into useable electricity . The PWEC are , of course , reliant on the weather . Depending on the wave resource , Pelamis predict that the machines will on average produce 25-40 percent of their full power output over the course of a year . When the full array of 25 machines are in place it is calculated that around 60,000 tons of CO2 will be displaced . If wave power was fully exploited , the British Wind Energy Association estimates that one-two billion tons of CO2 could be displaced every year . Ian Fells , emeritus professor of energy conversion at Newcastle University in England , gave this latest development in wave power a cautious welcome . "  It 's extraordinarily difficult to design a machine that will cope with the extreme violence of waves . Some wave machines are under the surface all the time -- but they are not as well developed as yet . Pelamis lies in the surface and it remains to be seen how successful it will be , " he told CNN . "  But good luck to them . We 'll just have to see how it operates over time and how it copes with serious weather conditions . " Professor Fells , a founding chairman of the New and Renewable Energy Center  NaREC  at Blyth , Northumberland , is convinced of the potential of wave power engineering but says it is still in its infancy . "  A few years ago when I was talking about a 500-kilowatt Wavegen machine , I was asked by a reporter how many of these we would need to replace the two nuclear power stations in Scotland , and the answer is 10,000 . That puts things into perspective . "	World 's first commercial wave power project is inaugurated off the Portuguese coast The semi-submerged machines will initially provide 2.25 megawatts of power A second phase will produce 21 megawatts and displace 60,000 tons of CO2
CNN  -- BP has said it hopes to have a relief well in place in August to permanently cut off the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico . The company has said the operation is the best sure-fire way of plugging the massive oil leak . A relief well is a well drilled into the existing well , intercepting the flow and allowing a specialized heavy liquid to be pumped into the flowing well to bring it under control . BP began drilling the first relief well on May 2 and started drilling a second one two weeks later . The wells are being dug to a depth of about 18,000 feet , just above the oil reservoir . Once one hits the original pipe , just 7 inches in diameter , drilling mud will be shot into it to stop the spewing oil . Cement will then be used to permanently seal it . The second relief well is part of a contingency plan in case the first well encounters any delays . Relief wells have been used to plug two other large blowout spills . In 1979 , it took nearly 10 months to seal the world 's largest spill in Mexico 's Bay of Campeche . More recently , an Australian accident last year known as the Montara spill , was plugged after nearly four months . In both cases , efforts such as those used to try to stop the Deepwater Horizon spill -- containment domes and junk shots -- were fruitless . And it took multiple tries before the relief wells reached the original wells .	Relief wells may be used to stop oil gushing into Gulf BP hopes to have a well in place by August Drilling for the first well began on May 2
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- South African mining company Gold One has fired more than 1,400 miners who have been on strike for more than a week , the company announced Tuesday . The workers at the Ezulwini mine outside Johannesburg were dismissed after what the company called "  appropriate disciplinary procedures " and a court 's declaration that the strike was illegal . Those fired make up about three-quarters of the 1,900 miners at the facility and will have a chance to appeal their dismissals , Gold One reported . It 's the latest twist in a wave of sometimes-violent labor unrest that has wracked South Africa 's mining sector -- the country 's biggest industry -- for nearly two months . Another company , Anglo-American Platinum , fired about 12,000 striking workers who declined to attend disciplinary hearings last week after a three-week walkout . Four people were wounded during clashes between security officers and striking workers at another Gold One mine in September . And police opened fire on strikers Lonmin 's Marikana platinum mine in August , killing killing 34 workers and wounding dozens more . The strike at the Ezulwini facility started October 1 . Police have a "  strong presence " there to prevent violence , Gold One said in a written statement Tuesday . South African company fires 12,000 striking miners CNN Correspondent Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	Gold One fires 1,400 workers at a mine near Johannesburg A court has ruled the October 1 walkout illegal It 's the latest in a wave of strikes and unrest hitting South Africa 's biggest industry
CNN  -- Jo Myong Rok , a top North Korean military officer , died of heart disease Saturday , the country 's official news agency reported . He was 82 . Jo , the vice marshal of the Korean People 's Army and a loyal follower of leader Kim Jong Il , "  devoted his whole life to the sacred struggle for the freedom and independence of the country and the victory of the cause of socialism , " according to the Korean Central News Agency . Jo made history in 2000 when he became the first North Korean military officer ever to enter the U.S. Pentagon . He met with then-Defense Secretary William Cohen . That same trip , Jo also met with President Bill Clinton and Secretary of State Madeleine Albright . Jo was a veteran of the 1950-1953 Korean War , serving as a fighter pilot for the Korean People 's Army , according to KCNA . He was appointed vice marshal in 1995 . An obituary issued Saturday by Pyongyang called Jo 's death "  a great loss to the party , the army and the people " of North Korea , KCNA reported . A state funeral is planned for Wednesday , according to KCNA . Jo 's casket will lie in state in the Central Hall of Workers beginning Monday .	Jo Myong Rok was vice marshal of the Korean People 's Army He died of heart disease Saturday His death is "  a great loss , " Pyongyang says
CNN  -- The Chinese icebreaker that sent out a helicopter on Thursday to airlift dozens of passengers from a ship stuck in the Antarctic ice is now beset by ice and unable to move , according to Australian Maritime Safety Agency  AMSA  . The captain of the Xue Long told AMSA that his ship is safe , has plenty of food and supplies and will not need assistance at this time . The Australian icebreaker , the Aurora Australis , which is carrying the rescued passengers , was placed on standby in case the Xue Long needs help . But the captains of both the Xue Long and the Russian-flagged MV Akadmik Shokalskiy agreed they no longer need the Aurora Australis . They said they will be able to provide mutual support to each other . AMSA released the Aurora Australis from search and rescue and the vessel now continues to make its passage with the freed passengers to the Casey base to complete a resupply . The Chinese ship plans to try to get out of the thick ice early Saturday at a point when tidal conditions are most favorable , according to AMSA . The Chinese vessel 's struggle comes the day after its helicopter ferried all 52 passengers from an ice-locked Akadmik Shokalskiy to the Aurora Australis . The Akademik Shokalskiy had been trapped in unusually deep ice since Christmas Eve with scientists , journalists , tourists and crew members on board . The rescued passengers , most of them Australians , will still have a lengthy wait before they return home . Officials say they estimate the Aurora Australis will get the group back to the Australian mainland by mid-January . The 22 Russian crew members remain on the Akademik Shokalskiy , waiting for the ice to shift and allow the ship to break free .	NEW : Xue Long icebreaker is beset by ice and ca n't move Chinese ship 's helicopter helped rescue 52 passengers Thursday Xue Long 's captain says no assistance is needed and vessel will try to break free Australian icebreaker carrying the rescued people chugs toward base
Washington  CNN  -- An Estonian man was sentenced to seven years in prison on Thursday for his role in stealing more than 240,000 credit card numbers . Aleksandr Suvorov , 28 , had previously entered guilty pleas in two separate schemes . One involved hacking into a computer system belonging to the Dave & Buster 's restaurant chain to steal the credit card numbers of 81,000 customers . The second illegal operation involved a conspiracy to sell more than 160,000 stolen credit card numbers to a buyer in San Diego . The buyer turned out to be an undercover agent with the U.S. Secret Service . "  Computer hackers like Mr. Suvorov victimize businesses and individuals , posing a serious threat to their financial security , " said Lanny Breuer , assistant attorney general for the Department of Justice 's Criminal Division . "  Suvorov reached across an ocean to victimize thousands of Americans , " said Loretta Lynch , the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York . Her office prosecuted the Dave & Buster 's case . "  He will now serve his sentence in the country of his victims . " Suvorov did not work alone in either of the plots . In the one involving Dave & Buster 's he was an accomplice of Albert Gonzalez , a man the Justice Department describes as "  one of the most prolific identity thieves ever prosecuted by the U.S. government . " Gonzalez received a 20-year sentence in March 2010 for his role in several hacking operations including the one involving Dave & Buster 's restaurants .	Aleksandr Suvorov , 28 , had entered guilty pleas in two separate schemes One involved stealing credit card numbers of 81,000 Dave & Buster 's customers He then attempted to sell more than 160,000 stolen numbers to an undercover agent Estonian "  reached across an ocean to victimize thousands of Americans , " U.S. attorney says
CNN  -- As a kid growing up in the mid-1960s , Scott Brusaw would spend hours setting up miniature speedways on the living room carpet so that he could race his favorite slot cars up and down the electric tracks . "  I thought that if they made real roads electric , then us kids could drive , " recalls Brusaw , who grew to become an electrical engineer . "  That thought stuck with me my entire life . " Fast forward to mid-2000s , with the debate over global warming in full swing , Brusaw 's wife Julie asked him whether he could build the electric roads he 'd concocted as a child out of solar panels . Brusaw initially laughed off the idea -- but not for long . With an airplane 's black box in mind , the couple started mulling over the possibility of creating a solar powered super-strong case that could house sensitive electronics . They explored the idea of embedding solar cells to store energy inside the case , LEDs to illuminate the road lines and heating elements to resist ice and snow -- soon after , the concept of Solar Roadways was born . The couple 's proposal calls for the traditional petroleum-based asphalt highways to be replaced with a system of structurally-engineered solar panels . These would act as a massive energy generator that could feed the grid during daytime . They would also recharge electric vehicles while moving , thus helping to reduce greenhouse emissions drastically . "  Our original intent was to help solve the climate crisis , " says Brusaw . "  We learned that the U.S. had over 72,000 square kilometers of asphalt and concrete surfaces exposed to the sun . If we could cover them with our solar road panels , then we could produce over three times the amount of energy that we use as a nation -- that 's using clean , renewable energy instead of coal . " The Idaho-based couple received their first government contract to work on the project in 2009 , and have been working to perfect it ever since . Initially , they joined forces with researchers to develop a super-strong textured glass that would offer cars the traction they require . Then , they fitted LEDs road markers to avoid destroying the cells by painting highway lines over them and heating to warm the surface and keep the system working . Now , the pair is hoping to raise enough funds on crowdfunding site Indiegogo to gear up production following the successful test of its latest prototype : a Solar Roadways parking lot laid next to their electronics lab . "  They -LSB- solar panels -RSB- prevented snow and ice accumulation this past winter and are producing the expected amount of power -- the parking lot is equivalent to a 3600W solar array , " says Brusaw , who 's hoping to be ready for production later this year or early 2014 . "  The panels have passed load testing for vehicles weighing up to 125 tons without breakage , " he adds . "  Our textured surface has been traction tested and can stop a vehicle traveling 128kph on a wet surface in the required amount of distance . " Brusaw says solar road panels could theoretically be laid anywhere -- from motorways and parking lots to pavements and playgrounds . He believes that such a prospect could transform the existing motorway infrastructure , prevent accidents and ultimately help save the planet from an environmental disaster . "  In the U.S. , roughly half of greenhouse gases are generated by burning fossil fuels to create electricity , " he says . "  Another 25 % comes out of our tailpipes , " adds Brusaw . "  By replacing coal with solar and making electric vehicles practical -- which could lead to the end of internal combustion engines -- we could theoretically cut greenhouse gas emissions by up to 75 % . Brusaw admits that "  in the beginning about half of the people thought we were geniuses and the other half thought we were nuts , " before quickly adding that now "  the vast majority of reactions are positive and supportive . " "  I think that many people expect their governments to solve the world 's problems , but the climate crisis is getting worse and our politicians seem baffled , " he says . "  Many of our greatest technologies were created in someone 's garage . That 's where Solar Roadways was born and we think that we finally have a solution to the causes of global warming . "	The Solar Roadways founders are raising funds to gear up production The aim is to replace Asphalt roads with solar panels that can support cars Their idea calls for a solar powered roadway made of durable textured glass The system also involves built-in LED lights and heating elements
CNN  -- Slumping World No. 2 Rory McIlroy and defending champion Luke Donald will not be contesting the weekend action at the European Tour 's flagship event at Wentworth . With organizers still reeling from the controversy surrounding Sergio Garcia 's "  fried chicken " jibe , the star attractions comfortably failed to make the halfway cut Friday at the PGA Championship . McIlroy 2013 travails continued as he followed a first round 74 with a 75 to finish on five-over 149 -- three outside the qualification mark . McIlroy 's Northern Ireland colleague Graeme McDowell , who is leading the European Tour 's Race to Dubai , finished on the same mark , while Donald , who went to No. 1 in the rankings last season with his second straight title at the tournament , was a further shot adrift . Donald , who was on antibiotics , may have had an excuse in the freezing wet conditions on the West Course , and battled to a level-par 72 in his second round after a sorry 78 on the first day . But McIlroy , who came into the $ 6 million event saying he was pleased with his game , could offer little in the way of explanation for his poor showing . "  I did n't play particularly well today , " he told Sky Sports . "  I 'm looking forward to getting back to some golf without four layers . Sometimes when the weather is bad I try to do too much with the ball and hit some bad shots . " Standing four-over on the par-five17th , the U.S. PGA champion needed a birdie or better to get stand a chance of making the final two rounds . A wayward tee shot into the trees led to a double bogey seven and his chances were over . Garcia fared better and remained in contention after a battling 71 for one-under 143 , but trails halfway leader Francesco Molinari of Italy by five shots . Molinari 's superb four-under 68 in testing conditions has left the Italian Ryder Cup star one shot clear of South Africa 's George Coetzee , Scotland 's Marc Warren , Mark Foster of England and Spaniard Alejandro Canizares . London-based Molinari said he had adapted to the inclement British weather . "  Six under is a good score given the conditions - I live over here now so I am used to it - and I 'm in a great position going into the weekend , " he told the official European Tour website . "  But it 's a really tough course so anyone six or seven behind is still in it . " Other star attractions Lee Westwood and British Open champion Ernie Els were firmly in the picture on three under , the former showing his improved short game around the green on his way to a battling 71 . The crowds were also delighted as the oldest man in the event , the ever popular Spanard Miguel Angel Jimenez , made three birdies in the last four holes to finish on one-over 145 . European Ryder Cup captains past and present , Colin Montgomerie , Jose-Maria Olazabal and Paul McGinley , who takes charge of the team at Gleneagles next year , also survived for the weekend when the weather forecast is more favorable .	Rory McIlroy misses cut at PGA Championship at Wentworth World No. 2 three shots outside the mark on the West Course Holder Luke Donald and Race to Dubai leader Graeme McDowell also exit Italy 's Francesco Molinari leads the way at flagship event
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Nearly 90 professors at Iran 's oldest and largest university signed a letter to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , criticizing the government 's violent handling of student protesters . "  The issue that has left a bitter taste in the mouths of the devout Muslim and patriots of this land is the violent and above the law -LSB- illegal -RSB- encounters , particularly with University students and faculty members of this land , " says the letter , which was posted on the reformist Web site "  Rahesabz , " or "  Green Path . " "  In fact , the nightly attacks on the dormitories and living quarters of innocent students and daily assaults on them ... are not testaments to the power of the system , just as the violent beatings and imprisonments are not testament to its faith and piety . " The professors ask Khamenei to order revolutionary guards , government-sanctioned militiamen and others who have engaged in campus violence to vacate the university . The letter also calls for official apologies for beatings of university members and the unconditional release of detained students and faculty . There was no immediate government response to the letter . The 88 professors -- all of whom are considered employees of the Islamic republic -- who signed the letter are "  risking their jobs and God knows what else , " said Ali Alfoneh , a research fellow at the Washington-based American Enterprise Institute who has researched the relationship between Iranian civilians and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard . "  Some of them may end up arrested , " he added . The letter , posted on a reformist Web site Monday , is a rare and significant showing of discontent among Tehran University 's academics . Student unrest has only increased since thousands of protesters turned out on the streets of Iran to oppose the country 's disputed presidential election , in which hardline incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the overwhelming winner . "  Unfortunately and sadly ; all of this takes place under the veil of safeguarding Islam and the representation of the supreme leadership and , even more sadly , no institution or organization accepts responsibility for this savagery ! " The anti-government demonstrations began following the disputed June 12 presidential vote , which re-elected hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over main opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi . Last month marked the deadliest clashes since the initial protests broke out this summer . At least seven people were killed and hundreds arrested as they took to the streets on Ashura , a Shiite Muslim holy day . One university researcher told CNN he was one of many beaten by police , struck with a baton 11 times . Iranian Interior Minister Mostafa-Mohammad Najjar warned Saturday that the government will not show leniency to protesters in the future . "  It does n't surprise me that professors wrote this letter , because universities have been one of the first victims of increased government pressure , " Alfoneh said . In the aftermath of the election , Tehran University and other institutions quickly became hotbeds of violence , with members of the government 's Basij militia attacking young protesters on campus , including dormitories . In August , Khamenei addressed a group of university professors from all over , noting that academics would be held to a higher standard of accountability -- especially after the elections . "  Naturally , the expectations that we have of the professors and faculty is much greater than what we expect from the students , " Khamenei was quoted by Iranian media as saying on August 30 . "  The students are the young officers on the front lines of this war and the professors are the commanders -LSB- against -RSB- this ` soft war ' -- the professors who can fulfill this role will be worthy of the Islamic republic . " The Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone and has blamed reformists for the violence . At times , video has shown protesters apparently turning on security forces . Still , the letter serves as another blow to Iran 's Islamic leadership , which reformists say has lost credibility in its handling of the post-election unrest . Several critics , including cleric and former presidential candidate Mehdi Karrubi have compared the tactics of the current government to those of the Shah of Iran , who was overthrown by the same fervent followers of Islam more than 30 years ago . Alfoneh noted that numerous petitions were drafted and published in the days leading up to the overthrow of the Shah , who was also slammed with allegations of injustice and human rights violations under his watch . He said it 's no surprise that academics today are taking a similar approach as it becomes increasingly harder to teach amid the violence . "  The opposition and even ordinary citizen are trying to duplicate the events of 30 years ago -- they 're trying to play to the memory of the public , " Alfoneh said . CNN 's Samira Simone contributed to this report .	Nearly 90 Tehran professors sign letter to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei Letter criticizes government 's violent handling of student protesters Letter seeks apologies for beatings of university members and release of students , faculty Anti-government demonstrations began following the disputed June 12 presidential vote
CNN  -- Qatari Sheikh Joann Al Thani has broken the world record paid for a yearling filly by splashing out $ 8.38 million for a daughter of 2001 Epsom Derby winner Galileo at the Tattersalls bloodstock auction in Newmarket , eastern England . Galileo also sired the unbeaten Frankel , who retired last year as the world 's highest rated racehorse after 14 straight wins . The mare , Alluring Park , is a half-sister of the 2008 Epsom Derby winner New Approach . Sheikh Al Thani , the son of a former emir of Qatar , won Europe 's most prestigious race , the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe , Sunday with the filly Treve and will be hoping his new purchase can achieve similar success . Nicolas de Watrigant , the agent who bought the filly on the Sheikh 's behalf , spelled out the reasons for the record breaking purchase , the most paid at auction in Europe for a horse of any age . "  She is a magnificent specimen , " he said . "  We bought her sister last year and we think she could be special . "  We did n't want to miss this one -- let 's hope she is the next Treve . " Bidding on the filly , a sister of 2012 Epsom Oaks winner Was , was brisk with Irish owner John Magnier competing strongly for the purchase . "  We did n't expect to pay that sort of price , but Al Shaqab Racing  Ali Thani 's operation  was keen to invest , said de Watrigant . Treve is trained by Criquette Head-Maarek but the record breaking filly will be sent to French rival Andre Fabre for race preparation . Trading at the famous Tattersalls October auction has been brisk all week and on the opening day Magnier purchased another Galileo sired offspring , a colt , for $ 6 million , briefly a European record for a yearling . The prices paid fall well short of the record for a Thoroughbred horse , the $ 16 million paid for a two-year-old colt called Green Monkey at an auction in United States in 2006 . The horse , a descendant of the famous sire Northern Dancer , suffered injuries and his racing career was limited to three starts without a victory .	World record price paid for a yearling filly Qatari Sheikh Joann Al Thani purchased filly for $ 8.38 million at Tattersalls Al Thani owns Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Treve Filly has strong pedigree including link to record breaking Frankel
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- How do you count six days when you can see neither sun nor stars ? Buried under a crumbled building , Falone Maxi marked time by the roar of tractors and bulldozers , by the sound of voices . "  There 's nobody alive in there , " she heard them say . When there was silence , she believed it to be night . But Maxi , a deeply spiritual young woman , chanted the Lord 's Prayer until she was discovered by Peruvian and Nicaraguan rescuers and pulled out of the rubble of Port-au-Prince 's GOC University on January 18 . "  I always knew I would keep breathing . I knew I would live , " she said . But the miracle of rescue was only the first hurdle . Sixteen days later , she is struggling to navigate life anew . She bears physical scars as proof of her ordeal . A bandage on her left shoulder . A fractured hipbone . Cuts and scrapes cover her head and arms . It 's harder to detect the inner damage of a young woman who gave her all to endure . Full coverage of Haiti earthquake , aftermath That fateful day In early January , Maxi was busy studying for final exams . She had n't exactly wanted to pursue business administration . Since childhood , her dream was to become a nurse . But somehow , nursing school deadlines passed her by , and Maxi enrolled in a business program at the Groupe Olivier and Collaborateur University , known as GOC . The private college was n't cheap -- $ 1,000 a year . But her brother took her under his wing , paid her tuition , even gave her a place to stay at his house . On that Tuesday , the house was empty by midmorning . Everyone had somewhere else to be . The normally bookish Maxi just was n't in the mood for class . She might have even skipped except that her tuition was due . She reluctantly showered and put on the gray collared shirt she always wore to school with a pair of black jeans and sandals . She did n't wear much makeup -- just some powder and eyeliner , though she fussed over her hair and nails . She liked to get a manicure every five days with a fresh coat of baby pink on her toes . She was n't hungry , but the housekeeper forced food on her plate . Rice , bean sauce , vegetables . She despised vegetables . She walked down to the bus stop and waited almost an hour before one carried her to Nazon in central Port-au-Prince . By the time , she reached the university , it was almost 3 p.m. . She ran her errands and settled into class on the sixth floor with 20 other students . On this day , she took a seat by the door , though usually , she sat farther inside . The earthquake struck just minutes into the class . The building began to rumble and sway . Maxi thought shoddy construction was causing it to fall . A school in Port-au-Prince had collapsed that way recently . Everyone fled out the door . Maxi raced toward the stairwell , one sandal flying off her foot . A storm of dust rose before her . A block of cement struck her neck , and she fell on her back . Someone fell on top of her . It was Mica , a fellow GOC student . Mica 's leg was broken , her foot crushed . Maxi felt blood on her own head . The two women lay conjoined like Siamese twins , unable to move , trapped under layers of pancaked concrete , mortar and metal . ` We 're alive ' There was no signal on Maxi 's cell phone , but with the LCD light , she could see the cuts and bruises on Mica 's face . She knew she probably looked the same . Above her , she could see the feet of the dead . Soon the rats would come to gnaw on fresh human flesh . The two women maneuvered themselves so they were not smothered by concrete . They curled up together , Maxi 's legs bent over her chest to allow for breathing room . They took turns sleeping to keep their energy up . The other would stay awake and call out to the outside world . "  We 're alive . " She could see the levels of the building underneath her . Occasionally , the earth trembled again , and more chunks came crashing down . When the phone finally gave out , Maxi 's world went dark . She tore a page from a notebook and stuffed it up her nostrils . It was n't enough to cover the wretched smell of human decay . As the days passed , Maxi thirsted for water . She used her hand to collect her urine and wetted her cracked lips . Search for the missing , found Sister keeps vigil Outside , Maxi 's half sister , Carline Joaceus , kept vigil . The former model and waitress was fond of her . The two had talked about Maxi also pursuing modeling as a career . Nearly 5-foot-7 , Maxi was tall enough but too shy , too reserved to display herself in public . It was to Joaceus that Maxi came with boyfriend tales and all the tribulations of a 23-year-old . The day after the quake , Joaceus had frantically run from one makeshift hospital to another in Port-au-Prince , searching for her sister . When she did not find her , she stood every day before the mound of the university building , watching rescue teams dig deeper . She watched students and teachers come out alive . Joaceus knew her sister 's spirit . She knew Maxi was not dead . Nothing would convince her otherwise . ` I 'm not dying today ' When she was 14 , Maxi 's father , a gardener at El Rancho Hotel , was shot dead by fleeing burglars . The man who gave her everything was gone . She learned to jump-start life . Under the rubble , Maxi thought of her father . "  Give me strength , " she said . She pointed a finger at God and made a pact . "  I 'm not dying today . " Maxi was n't much of a churchgoer -- she often skipped Sunday Mass. . But she prayed twice a day , once in the afternoon and once before going to sleep . "  Our Father who art in heaven , hallowed be thy name , " Maxi recited with Mica . "  We 're going to die , " Mica said . "  Do n't do this to me . Where is your faith ? " Maxi replied . Maxi held Mica 's hand tightly . She rubbed her back to soothe her . She believed God had put them there together for a reason . They were going to be one another 's salvation . There were so many things Maxi wanted to do still . To gaze upon the pristine waters of the Caribbean at Wahoo Beach . The hues of turquoise and blue had mesmerized her when she went there a year ago with her brothers and sisters . She wanted to dance again , play tennis on her Wii . And hear Celine Dion 's mellifluous voice . Saved On Monday , rescuers finally reached Maxi and her friend . She does n't remember details of how they were pulled out . Just that she could breathe again and savor the coolness of water trickling down her throat . And she could see her sister , waiting in the distance . Doctors said she was severely dehydrated and suffered a few fractures . Her blood pressure had dropped to 60/20 . CNN staffers on the scene rushed Maxi to a field hospital . She was treated at three different locations before Joaceus was able to take her home four days later . On that ride , Maxi saw for the first time what the quake had done to her beloved city . Entire blocks collapsed , tens of thousands of people sleeping on the streets . "  Why ? Why ? Why ? " she asked God . She learned she could not go back to her mother 's house . There were deep fissures and cracks in the walls . Her family was sleeping under sheets outside a neighbor 's house . There , on the rocky dirt , among the chickens , Maxi 's mother , Dieusana Joaceus , made her daughter a bed . Maxi can not walk or bathe herself , though a doctor who came to see her recently said she might be able to stand within a few weeks . She eats only puréed food . The vegetable soup she disliked before is her favorite . Her sister massages Vaseline on her cracked skin . And fixes her hair with a pink and blue headband . On the bed is a Harlequin romance novel , though she prefers Nora Roberts or Danielle Steele , and a French-English pocket dictionary . Maxi said she plans to become a nurse now , as she had always wanted , so she can give to others the same second chance at life . Her mother and sister said their makeshift living quarters have been a saving grace . Maxi can not bear to be inside anymore . She wants to leave Haiti because she knows she will never feel safe here . She can not erase the smell of rotting flesh . She still feels the crush of concrete on her back . She knows there is video footage of her rescue but never wants to see it . "  Everything here reminds me of the earthquake , " she said , managing to smile . "  I do n't need reminders . " She constantly thinks about her time under the rubble and wonders how many of her friends have died . Who survived ? She tried to call Mica , but believes she has gone to stay with family in New York . Maxi plans to find her . She is the only one who can understand .	Falone Maxi survives six days buried under fallen university in Port-au-Prince Maxi 's half-sister knew the student was not dead , kept believing Maxi can not bear to be inside anymore and wants to leave Haiti
Washington  CNN  -- Federal authorities filed 17 new charges against Ahmed Abu Khatallah , alleging that he was the ringleader of twin 2012 attacks on U.S. diplomatic and CIA compounds in Benghazi that killed four Americans . A new indictment against Khatallah , 43 , provides new details of the attack and what federal prosecutors say was his role in leading 20 armed men in the attacks carried out over more than seven hours . Previously , prosecutors charged him with a single count of providing material support to terrorists . According to the indictment , Khatallah conspired with others "  on or before Sept. 11 , 2012 " to attack the U.S. diplomatic post . "  He believed the facility was being used to collect intelligence , that he viewed the U.S. intelligence actions in Benghazi as illegal , " the document said . "  These additional charges reflect Ahmed Abu Khattalah 's integral role in the attack on U.S. facilities in Benghazi , which led to the deaths of four brave Americans , " said Attorney General Eric Holder . The indictment does n't say how much planning was involved , and does n't account for the possibility that the attack coincided with other attacks elsewhere in the Muslim world that targeted U.S. diplomatic facilities . Republican critics have said the Obama administration failed to take sufficient measures to prevent the attacks . They also criticize officials for initially portraying the terrorist rampage as spinning out from street protests blamed on an anti-Islam movie produced in the United States . Khatallah has pleaded not guilty to one count of providing material support to terrorists and will remain jailed until his trial , a federal magistrate ruled in July . He will be arraigned on the new charges on October 20 . Ten of those charges , including murder , could carry the death penalty . Authorities contend that Khatallah is a senior leader of Ansar al Sharia , whose members were among several militias that participated in the two-pronged armed assault . Khatallah remained free for more than a year after the attacks , doing interviews with CNN and other media , prompting criticism of the Obama administration over how long it was taking to arrest the alleged attackers . He was arrested in a military raid in Libya in June and charged in federal court in Washington , D.C. , mere yards away from Capitol buildings where he has become the center of political controversy . Assistant Attorney General for national security John Carlin said in a statement Tuesday that the case "  highlights our resolve to find and hold terrorists accountable wherever they may hide . " Prosecutors say the attack in Benghazi began around 9:45 p.m. with Khatallah and about 20 armed men attacking the main gate of the diplomatic mission . They set fire to buildings and Khatallah and others allegedly turned away emergency responders . Ambassador Christopher Stevens and Sean Patrick Smith , a mission employee , perished from wounds suffered in that attack . The attackers retreated briefly around 10:15 p.m. , according to the indictment , and then an hour later launched another attack on the mission 's southern gate . They used assault rifles , rocket propelled grenades and other explosives . The attackers plundered what they could from the compound , then shortly after midnight , the indictment says Khatallah and others retreated to a camp operated by Ansar al Sharia . Khatallah then led the attacks on the CIA annex beginning at 12:30 a.m. and again at 5:15 a.m. , according to the indictment . Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty , security officers at the CIA annex , were killed . At a July hearing , defense lawyers contended the Justice Department has n't provided evidence to support the case .	Grand jury hands down 17 more charges against suspected militant Ahmed Abu Khatallah was captured in Libya and transferred to the U.S. He has pleaded not guilty to a charge of providing support to terrorists
CNN  -- Software giant Microsoft is offering a $ 250,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of hackers behind a powerful computer virus that could lead to millions of PCs being hijacked . Experts say a single infected laptop could expose an entire network to the worm . Experts have so far been baffled by the true purpose of the Conficker or Downadup virus , but have described its spread as one of the most serious infections ever seen . The worm exploits a bug in Microsoft Windows to infect mainly corporate networks , then -- although it has yet to cause any harm -- it opens a link back to its point of origin , meaning it can receive further orders to wreak havoc . Microsoft has issued a patch to fix the bug , however if a single machine is infected in a large network , it will spread unchecked -- often reinfecting machines that have been disinfected . The threat from the virus prompted Microsoft in collaboration with other technology industry names to this week announce a $ 250,000 reward for information to track down those behind Conficker . "  As part of Microsoft 's ongoing security efforts , we constantly look for ways to use a diverse set of tools and develop methodologies to protect our customers , " said George Stathakopoulos , of Microsoft 's Trustworthy Computing Group . Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at anti-virus firm F-Secure says the true scope of the virus is not known , but in the past 24 hours his company monitored Conficker signals from two million Internet protocol addresses . "  That 's a lot , " he told CNN . "  And one IP address here does not mean one infected computer , it means at least one infected computer . "  Many of those IP addresses are obviously company proxies or firewalls , hiding hundreds of more infections behind it . Unfortunately this also makes it impossible to estimate the total count of infected systems . "  So it 's still big . Very big . " Microsoft has previously paid out similar rewards to informants who helped identify the creator of Sasser , another notorious worm let loose in 2004 . The perpetrator was tracked to Germany , where he was sentenced a year later .	Software giant Microsoft offers $ 250,000 bounty to catch Conficker author Industry analysts say is one of the most serious infections they have ever seen The worm exploits a bug in Microsoft 's ubiquitous Windows software Virus could allow its creators to hijack entire networks
New York  CNN  -- His was the first face of a missing child to appear on the back of a milk carton . Now , nearly 31 years to the day since Etan Patz vanished from a New York street , authorities are reopening his case . The communications director for Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. confirmed that the office is taking another look at the decades-old mystery . "  It 's a case that the district attorney has been aware of since before running for office last year , " said Erin Duggan . "  Last summer he said he would take a fresh look at the case if he became district attorney . Tuesday he confirmed that the case had been reopened . " Duggan added , "  This was the disappearance of a child that gripped the residents of Manhattan and continues to leave many questions unanswered . " Etan was 6 when he disappeared on the morning of May 25 , 1979 . "  It was the first day that he was to walk two blocks from his apartment to the school bus stop , " said Lisa R. Cohen , author of "  After Etan : The Missing Child Case That Held America Captive . " "  He had been wanting to do it by himself , and they gave him permission , literally two short blocks , " Cohen said . "  And his mother could see the bus stop at the end of the street and she saw parents there , waiting with kids for the bus , and so she let him go . " Etan was never seen alive again . Jose Antonio Ramos , a convicted child molester , has been identified as a suspect in the disappearance , but has never been charged in connection with the case . According to Cohen , Ramos initially told investigators that he was "  90 percent sure " that a boy he had taken home on that day in 1979 was Etan . Ramos has since denied making that statement , she said . Cohen said Etan 's father , Stan Patz , contacted her after the news was announced that the prosecutor was reopening the case . "  He said , ` Maybe we 'll finally get our day court , ' " she said . From families and detectives to people in the missing children movement , this case changed everything , Cohen said . "  Before Etan , parents did not have an image in their mind that something could happen to their children , " she said . "  And after Etan , they did . "	Etan Patz was first missing child whose picture was put on a milk carton He disappeared in May 1979 as he walked two blocks to school bus stop District attorney had promised during his election campaign to reopen case Top suspect had made , then denied , statement connecting him to Etan , author said
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy led an early morning assault by the world 's best golfers on a toothless Hoylake Thursday to claim the first round lead at the British Open with Tiger Woods also making a promising start to his first major of the season . Northern Ireland 's McIlroy carded six birdies in a pretty much flawless first round of six-under 66 on the Royal Liverpool seaside links , missing several other opportunities as he peppered the flags with his approach shots . Warm weather conditions and negligible winds , particularly for morning starters like McIlroy , saw a clutch of stars break 70 , including Woods , who opened with a three-under-par 69 . Playing on his second tournament since late March after back surgery , Woods looked rusty on the front nine as he slipped one over , but a hat-trick of birdies on the back nine saw him finish with a spring in his step . Woods won the British Open in 2006 when it was last held at Hoylake , but has been stuck on 14 major victories since 2008 . McIlroy has two majors to his name , but will be hoping his habit of following up a strong opening with a poor second round will not rear its head again . In the 2010 British Open at St Andrews he led with a 63 and followed it up with an 80 , while at last week 's Scottish Open McIlroy backed up a 64 with a 78 to slip off the pace . "  We had perfect scoring conditions out there this morning . There was n't much wind early on . There were plenty of opportunities to make birdies and I was able to take a few of them , " he told the official British Open website . "  I 'm looking forward to getting back out there tomorrow , " added the 25-year-old former world number one . Matteo Manassero was another young golfer to take advantage of the calm conditions , the 21-year-old chasing McIlroy on five-under after a 67 . Fellow Italians Edoardo and Francesco Molinari were among a group on four-under and Manassero is hoping the challenge will continue . "  We got off to a fast start , all of us . It 's going to be wonderful to have a few Italians up there on Sunday afternoon . It 's going to be fun if there is , " he said . That group also included Americans Brooks Koepka and veteran Jim Furyk as well as Sergio Garcia of Spain . Garcia , still to win that elusive first major , acknowledged that early conditions were kind . "  Difficult to get a nicer day to play golf than today and if you manage to play well , even better !! " he tweeted . Late on , world number one Adam Scott joined them on 68 , one of the few afternoon starters to make a run at McIlroy as the wind picked up a little , with scores on average three shots higher than the morning players . 2012 winner Ernie Els was among those to struggle , missing two putts from inside a foot on the opening hole for a triple bogey seven and never recovered his composure with a seven-over 79 . Defending champion Phil Mickelson , U.S. Masters champion Bubba Watson and last week 's Scottish Open winner Justin Rose were also affected by the worsening conditions . Mickelson slipped to a two-over 74 after going out of bounds at the last , while Watson tripled bogeyed the 11th on the way to a wayward 76 . Home hope Rose stayed in contention with a level-par 72 -- on a day 49 players broke par .	Rory McIlroy sets early pace at British Open Cards a six-under 66 at Hoylake Tiger Woods begins with fine round of 69 Woods playing his first major of the season
CNN  California health officials said Wednesday there are 79 confirmed measles cases in the state , as federal health authorities reported that the number of U.S. cases in 2014 more than tripled any total in recent years . According to the California Department of Public Health website , 52 of those cases are linked to an outbreak at Disneyland . There are four confirmed cases in Riverside County , where the Desert Sands Unified School District told 66 students -- who have either not been vaccinated for measles or ca n't show proof -- that they need to stay home . CNN affiliate KESQ reported that one student at Palm Desert High School is suspected of having had measles . The student has been cleared to return to class but health officials are still trying to determine if the student actually had measles . For now , the others will have to study at their homes . "  They are going to be asked to stay home until the incubation period for contagion is complete , " a spokeswoman for the school district , Mary Perry , said of the students who were released . The earliest a student can return without proof of vaccination is February 9 , the station reported . Of the 79 California cases , 15 are in Los Angeles County , and all victims were unvaccinated for measles , said Dr. Jeffrey Gunzenhauser , the county 's interim health officer . Of those 15 county cases , 14 are linked to Disneyland , Gunzenhauser said . "  In L.A. County , we 're , fortunately , highly vaccinated . Five percent or less are unvaccinated , " Gunzenhauser said . There are 16 cases linked to Disneyland outside California  seven in Arizona , three in Utah , two in Washington , one in Colorado , one in Oregon , one in Nebraska and one in Mexico  . Arizona officials said they have identified 1,000 contacts of the seven cases in their states . They 're asking anyone within that group to isolate themselves for 21 days if he or she is n't vaccinated . The disease outbreak became apparent when visitors reported coming down with measles after visiting the park from December 15 to December 20 . At least five Disney employees have been diagnosed with measles , Disney said . Mom angry at vaccination opponents Also , the families of 195 children in Mesa , Arizona , have been contacted because they were in an urgent care clinic with someone who has measles . Midway across the country , at the University of Minnesota , a student who had traveled abroad is self-isolating after contracting the disease , the school said in a statement . The university is working to find everyone who may have been exposed to the student , who attended class four days last week . Though students have largely been immunized because of enrollment requirements , the university warned anyone who had not been vaccinated to be vigilant . Minnesota is one of 27 states that reported measles cases last year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The 644 cases reported in 2014 mark a stark spike compared with recent years . Since 2001 , the number of cases has topped 100 only five times , and 2011 was the only year in which cases topped 200 . Measles is a highly communicable respiratory disease caused by a virus and spread through the air . Measles starts with a fever , runny nose , cough , red eyes and sore throat , the CDC says . 5 things to know about measles CNN 's Debra Goldschmidt , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Michael Martinez and John Newsome contributed to this report .	All 15 measles cases in Los Angeles County involve unvaccinated people CDC reports cases topped 600 in 2014 , a significant spike over recent years Scores of high schoolers sent home after one student is suspected of having measles
CNN  -- Advice can be a tricky thing . If it 's unsolicited advice from your mother -- or any advice from your mother , really -- it 'll likely go in one ear and out the other . But if that same advice comes from a favorite mentor or best friend , it can change your life . Dhani Jones is a former NFL linebacker , entrepreneur and author of "  The Sportsman : Unexpected Lessons From an Around-the-World Sports Odyssey . " He 's shared his best advice with CNN for a new Digital Studios series called "  Be a Champion . " In the video above , Jones says he always tries to make a great first impression by dressing well -- without spending a lot of money . What 's the best piece of advice about life you ever received ? How did it change your behavior or attitude ? Tell us in the comments below and on social media using the hashtag #BeAChamp . Your answer could appear on CNN .	Good advice can change your outlook on life Share your favorite piece of advice with the hashtag #BeAChamp
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- "  Cloverfield " is the first adrenaline-pumping monster hit of the year , bringing in more than $ 40 million dollars on its opening weekend . The thriller is told from the point of view of five young New Yorkers using their handheld camera . But for some viewers , being "  part " of the movie is making them sick -- literally . Theaters showing "  Cloverfield " are posting warnings of possible motion sickness . One blogger on the popular movie database IMDB.com said , "  I had to get up and leave the theater for nearly 20 minutes just to keep from hurling . " Other moviegoers have reported being nauseated and dizzy . Most viewers are unaffected by the film , but for those who are , experts say the problem is in their heads . "  This is a classic case of vertigo , " said Dr. Michael G. Stewart , chairman of otorhinolaryngology  ear , nose and throat medicine  at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weil Cornell Medical Center . "  You can look around and feel like things are moving , when they are n't . " Vertigo is caused when a person 's balance system gets confused . Your body feels a strong visual sensation of movement but in reality , you are n't moving at all . The disconnect confuses your brain sensors and can cause dizziness and nausea , Stewart said . Watch Dr. Gupta explain what 's making viewers sick " AMC theaters across the country have posted signs warning moviegoers of potential "  side effects associated with motion sickness similar to riding a roller-coaster . " So why does the film style affect some viewers and not others ? "  People have different levels of susceptibility , similar to how some people can not ride on a small boat without getting sick , " Stewart said . "  It 's just a natural variation . " The good news is , experiencing vertigo is rare for most people . So if you are itching to see "  Cloverfield " but are worried you might get sick , experts recommend taking a dose of over-the-counter anti-vertigo medicine , sold under such brand names as Bonine and Dramamine II . "  It might not protect you from all the symptoms , but it could , and it certainly ca n't hurt , " Stewart said . Another tip is to briefly close your eyes during the movie . It may be enough to recalibrate your sensors and soothe your symptoms long enough to finish the movie . And if you 're really concerned , just wait to rent the movie . "  A person would be fine watching from home , " Stewart said . "  When you are on your couch , you have perspective around the screen so your mind knows the movie is moving and the room is n't . " E-mail to a friend Danielle Dellorto is an associate producer with CNN Medical News .	Some moviegoers sickened by shaky camera work of "  Cloverfield " Nausea , dizziness are symptoms of vertigo , a disruption of the balance The problem is body feels strong visual sensation of movement while you are n't
What could be better than experiencing the comfort and reclining pleasure of an airline seat than replicating that experience in your own lounge room or office ? Yep , for those keen to have their very own Boeing 747 seat or are looking for the perfect gift idea for a beloved aviation fan , Japan 's All Nippon Airways  ANA  is selling seats from a decommissioned 747-400D . The plane , used on domestic routes , was retired in March and the seats go on sale from December 25 to February 28 , 2015 . Sadly , the electronics will be dismantled , which means no service button to get another glass of champagne or complain that the entertainment system has malfunctioned again . Bonus though -- little to no chance of some annoying passenger kicking the back of your seat . The other catch is that the seats are limited to domestic Japanese sales . They will be sold via this ANA online shopping site run by ANA Trading company  a division of the ANA group  . ANA is expecting high demand -- lucky purchasers will be selected by lottery . There will only be a total of seven premium class seat sets available -- three single seats and four double seats . The single seat is listed at 647,000 yen  $ 5,420  and 747,000 yen  $ 6,260  for the double . This includes tax and shipping with deliveries due in March . ANA Trading Company 's Ryota Isomura says his company wanted to make sure aviation fans could own their own part of such an iconic airplane . Boeing 's 747 debuted at the Paris Air Show in 1969 and quickly revolutionized air travel . More than 1,400 747 variants have been delivered by Boeing . The 747-400 ended production in 2009 . Its successor , the 747-8 Intercontinental rolled out in 2012 .	Seven ` premium ' sets of 747 seats are for sale Starting price is around $ 5,400 Seats are available only domestically in Japan
London  CNN  -- In 2011 the Italian movie Habemus Papam depicted a pope struggling with his own conscience , who takes the outrageous decision of stepping down . The fact that this event took place Monday in Rome went probably well beyond everyone 's imagination . Pope Benedict 's resignation was unexpected and it struck Italy like a bolt out of the blue . The influence of what happens in the Holy See on Italy is much stronger than on any other country in the world and it is due to both historical and geographic reasons . Read more : Pope Benedict XVI 's resignation explained Nevertheless , whether and how the vacuum of power provoked by Joseph Ratzinger 's announcement will affect Italy 's economic situation is difficult to see at the moment . On Monday , Italy 's 10-year government bond yields reached a new peak . Can the Pope 's resignation be considered responsible for that ? The answer seems to be negative , since an increasing trend , which has more to do with the uncertainty surrounding the forthcoming parliamentary elections , had been already observed during the past two weeks . Read more : Too tired to go on , Pope Benedict resigns It is undoubtedly true that Benedict XVI 's stepping down surprised Italian politicians . Votes from Catholic believers seem to be distributed over the three main competitors  Bersani 's Democratic Party , Berlusconi 's People of Freedom and Monti 's coalition  and uncertainty over their reactions might exacerbate the tones of the campaign , now in its two last weeks , since the three parties might be willing to appease as many Catholics as possible . Watch more : The Pope 's German roots Nevertheless , the Pope 's resignation does not seem likely to bring about major consequences over the financial and economic situation of the country . In the short run , the forthcoming elections of the new successor of St Peter will attract a huge number of pilgrims from all over the world . The tourism industry , one of the most important assets for the Italian economy , is not immune from the crisis and data recently released by the National Observatory on Tourism show that the number of foreign visitors to Italy decreased , in the period January to October 2012 , by 6.2 % over the same period in 2011 . Rome will soon get the unusual status of "  city of the two popes "  since Joseph Ratzinger will still be living in the Vatican , after a period in the detached Castel Gandolfo 's residence  and that might look appealing to foreign tourists . However religious tourism is generally characterized by big numbers but low expenditures : Therefore , a revived wave of pilgrimages to Rome might not be enough to boost Italian tourism . Whether the smoke coming out from St Peter 's chimney will be "  white " or "  black " for the Italian economic recovery is not immediately clear . This "  inter-regnum " period will definitely increase uncertainty in the political competition , but not enough to again raise fear in global financial markets towards Italy . Read more : Surprising standards for the next Catholic leader The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Davide Tentori .	Tentori says religious tourism is generally characterized by big numbers but low expenditures The Pope 's resignation was unexpected and struck Italy like a bolt out of the blue , writes Tentori The tourism industry , one of the most important assets for Italy , is not immune from the crisis
Keira Knightley is fine with taking a topless photo . Just do n't screw it up with Photoshop or other digital manipulation . While talking about a set of Patrick Demarchelier photographs she did for Interview magazine  including one NSFW  , Knightley told the The Times of London  subscription required  that she wanted the images to present her as she is . "  I 've had my body manipulated so many different times for so many different reasons , whether it 's paparazzi photographers or for film posters , " the actress , 29 , said . "  That  shoot  was one of the ones where I said : ` OK , I 'm fine doing the topless shot so long as you do n't make them any bigger or retouch . ' Because it does feel important to say it really does n't matter what shape you are . " Among other images that misrepresented her body , Knightley had her breasts beefed up for the "  King Arthur " movie poster -- even though she 'd said that her bust had actually diminished while preparing for the role , thanks to strength exercises . As Jezebel 's Dodai Stewart wrote , "  Hollywood ca n't imagine a world in which people would see a movie starring an athletic , flat-chested woman . " Knightley has been determined to live in the spotlight on her terms . The Times article is headlined "  My battle to live a normal life " and she told Net-a-Porter that she 's well aware that the movie business wants to put her in a box . "  The people who make movies , whether it 's directors or producers or money people , look for things that they can identify with , and if they 're all predominantly middle-aged white men , then what you see are things that middle-aged white men can identify with , " she said . "  And you do n't get anything for anybody else . "	Keira Knightley poses for un-Photoshopped pic for Interview magazine Knightley : "  It really does n't matter what shape you are " Actress has been outspoken in wanting to live life on her terms
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- A 16-year-old Hong Kong boy makes two phone calls for delivery : One for pizza , the other for the drug ketamine . Two teenage girls are found semi-conscious in a car park after overdosing on ketamine . A 13-year-old boy joins a gang and is given free ketamine . Glass capsules containing ketamine , which has become the drug of choice for Hong Kong 's youth . These are anecdotes told to CNN by police , a family doctor and a former gang member . Ketamine has become the drug of choice among young people , as the number of people under 21 taking drugs has surged 57 percent in the last four years in Hong Kong , said Commissioner for Narcotics , Sally Wong . "  We started off with a very small number of young people taking drugs . We are now more worried about the trend , " Wong said . "  We do n't want a runaway trend ; that 's why we are stepping up action . " Ketamine , an animal tranquilizer , can put users in a dazed stupor for about two hours , doctors said . Long-term use of ketamine can impair cognitive function and damage internal organs . An oversupply of the drug in Hong Kong and the fact that it is cheaper than other narcotics makes ketamine popular with young people , said Superintendent Wilson Fok of the Hong Kong Police Narcotics Bureau . One gram of ketamine sells on the street here for $ 13 and is enough to be shared with two other people , while cocaine , for example , sells for $ 103 a gram , Fok said . The drug is legal for medical use , but it is trafficked into Hong Kong from other parts of Asia , such as India and mainland China , and sold on the streets illegally , Fok said . Police have recently stepped up their efforts to crack down on drug use at clubs and bars in Hong Kong and Shenzhen , a city in mainland China just across the border . Nearly 120 alleged drug users from Hong Kong , mostly under the age of 30 , were arrested at entertainment venues in Shenzhen in July and held for 15 days in sweeps that made headlines for days here . However , narcotics police said entertainment venues are not the only places they find drug abuse . "  Forty percent of young people abuse drugs in public toilets and playgrounds . That 's what our recent data from last year shows , " Fok said . "  They want to find some other places to take drugs . " The problem has gotten so bad that authorities have decided to do something never done here before : random school drug tests . Beginning in September , some two dozen schools will conduct tests , as part of a trial program . Officials say the drug screening will most likely be in the form of urine tests , though they are still working out the details . Ketamine can be detected in urine for at least three days , doctors said . Dr. Cheng Chi Man , a family practice doctor , runs a seminar that trains doctors to detect the signs of drug abuse in young patients : drowsiness , skin problems , frequent urination  ketamine can affect bladder function  and frequent sick leave . "  When we were 10 years old , we were still in primary school watching TV and eating candy . But they are now taking drugs . " Alman Chan , principal of Hong Kong 's only drug rehab school for youth , the privately-run Christian Zheng Sheng School , said he has watched as drug use has grown . See photos of the rehab school in remote Hong Kong " "  Just look at our school development . I was here 14 years ago . At that time , I was the only teacher . I had 18 kids . I only had one student who was 15 , " he said . "  But now , I have one third -- about 40 of them -- who are 15 years old or younger . That shows you the number of students getting into drugs is bigger and also getting younger and younger . " There were a few reasons why children were getting involved with drugs , such as troubled homes and difficulties at school , he said . "  People are more concerned about material things and they are getting lost , " he added . Hong Kong Police have arrested children as young as age 13 for drug offenses , according to Commissioner for Narcotics , Sally Wong . Police last week reportedly busted a network that allegedly recruited teenagers to sell illegal drugs -- mainly to students . One of those arrested -- a 14-year-old school dropout -- was found with 28 grams of ketamine , according to the South China Morning Post . But ketamine abuse is not limited to young people . It is the second-most popular drug among all age groups in Hong Kong , Superintendent Wilson Fok of the Hong Kong Police Narcotics Bureau said . Many young drug abusers end up in Alman Chan 's drug rehab school for youth , which is located in a remote part of Lantau Island west of Hong Kong . CNN visited the campus , which is home to 99 boys and 24 girls . The closest road is a three-hour hike through the woods . Chan calls the school "  the last stop before jail " for drug abusers . That was the case for Tai Ming Hung 's son Keith , a former gang member . She learned he was using ketamine when he ended up in the hospital after taking the drug a few years ago . "  I was in denial . I just did n't believe it was true . When I first heard about it , we all did n't know how to react , because we had n't heard of those drugs before , " she said . "  I did n't really understand why we have these harmful drugs in the world . And I was so afraid that it would kill my son . " 18-year-old Keith , who said he began using ketamine at the age of 13 when he joined a gang , has recovered and is now living at Chan 's school . "  I have a feeling that he 's really growing up , he keeps improving , " his mother said . The school 's curriculum involves regular school subjects and chores . The goal is for each student to finish their court probation and either sit for the university exam or continue on to a vocational school . Many of the students have become interested in video editing and photography . There is a video lab on campus and the students showed CNN some video projects they have done . Other students run a pizza parlor and tea shop on a neighboring island . The average stay at the school is three years and students are encouraged to plan for life after rehab . "  We have vocational training . We help them get some marketable skills ; therefore , they may get a job or continue training afterward , " Chan said . "  I believe everyone deserves a second chance . "	Police : Ketamine is the top drug of choice among young people in Hong Kong Drug use among those under 21 has jumped 57 percent in the last four years Police stepping up crackdowns , say parks and public toilets hot spots for drug use Hong Kong has one drug rehab center for youth , located on a remote former pig farm
The newly-appointed U.S. chair of the international diamond watchdog has called for a review of what constitutes a "  blood diamond . " According to the Kimberley Process , launched in 2003 to certify that diamonds do not come from conflict zones , blood diamonds are rough diamonds used by rebel movements or their allies to finance armed conflicts aimed at undermining legitimate governments . Now , Gillian Milovanovic , who was named chair of the Kimberley Process in late January , wants the definition to be broadened . "  One of the things which will certainly be looked at and which we certainly support looking at and believe should get a close look is whether that definition is still sufficiently encompassing or appropriate given today 's challenges , " she said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Robyn Curnow . Milovanovic 's chairmanship comes at a challenging time for the scheme , following the fallout from its decision last year to allow Robert Mugabe 's Zimbabwe to sell diamonds from its controversial Marange fields . The move was criticized by activists and led to Global Witness , one of the initiative 's founding members , to pull out of the process in December , saying the diamond regulatory group had refused "  to evolve and address the clear links between diamonds , violence and tyranny . " An edited version of Milovanovic 's interview follows . CNN : Is the Kimberley Process in crisis ? Gillian Milovanovic : No , I do not believe so . In fact , I 'm very pleased to have an opportunity to be the chair at this time because we are essentially on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the Process . Read more : What are ` conflict diamonds ? ' CNN : Global Witness , one of the founding members , has pulled out -- they said it was because they were shocked that the Kimberley Process had authorized sales of diamonds from Marange fields in Zimbabwe . What 's your reaction to that ? GM : Obviously we 're very sorry that that was the decision that Global Witness took , they were one of the founding members of the process -- unfortunate , sad development but the bridges are not cut as far as we are concerned and certainly I intend to talk with everyone . CNN : Their decision came after the authorization of diamond sales from Zimbabwe , very controversial fields in Marange . GM : Well certainly for two years the Kimberley Process labored to find a solution to how to handle the diamonds from Marange -- November of last year the process made a decision , the United States deliberately chose to abstain in order to allow the process to continue and in order to move forward . Now that said , I think that for our chairmanship the experience of the difficulties that we 're experiencing in finding a solution for the Marange diamonds are an impetus to looking at how well the Kimberley Process is situated to deal with today 's challenges . Read also : Campaign group pulls out of ` blood diamond ' scheme CNN : From the U.S. perspective , you said you 've abstained from that decision , why has the U.S. particularly imposed sanctions against one of the companies operating in Marange ? GM : The United States , on a bilateral basis of course , has sanctions against Zimbabwean identified entities . Essentially these are imposed because these entities are undermining democracy and democratic institutions . And it happens that some entities which are designated by our process as having to do with undermining democracy are in fact 50 per cent or more shareholders in diamond mines in Marange and hence the link between the two things . CNN : There is a sense of contradiction here -- why did n't you veto it , particularly because the U.S. has sanctions against some companies in the Zimbabwean diamond fields . GM : But there is also , one could argue , a similar situation in the fact that the Kimberley Process indeed made a decision by consensus , minus us , that to certify diamonds from a number of mines , whereas those same diamonds can not be imported into the United States , that is the situation . With respect to my own chairmanship , I have been asked to be the chair and therefore my role as I see it is to give impetus , to show leadership but to understand that it is the organization that is ultimately going to be responsible for the decisions that are made . See video : How to avoid buying ` blood diamonds ' CNN : Do you see the definition of a blood diamond being widened ? GM : A diamond . the proceeds of which are used by illicit guerrilla or rebel entities trying to overthrow a legitimate government , that was the basis on which the organization was founded . One of the things which will certainly be looked at and which we certainly support looking at and believe should get a close look is whether that definition is still sufficiently encompassing or appropriate given today 's challenges . CNN : How can you be sure as a consumer that the diamonds that you have on your finger are not being used to finance a corrupt or conflict scenario ? GM : I think that it 's important that the consumers do understand that it 's not a conflict diamond in the sense of the definition which exists , mainly the guerrillas are not using the money from this to conduct bloody wars to overthrow a legitimate government . Now , if one is looking for something beyond that as a consumer that is the kind of question that one needs to address to the person who is selling the diamond .	Gillian Milovanovic is the first U.S. chair of the U.N. - backed Kimberley Process Milovanovic says the definition of blood diamonds will ` certainly be looked at ' Last year , founding member Global Witness pulled out of the process The move followed the sale of diamonds from Zimbabwe 's controversial Marange fields
Millions of Americans are none too happy with the federal government right now . The shutdown is over after 16 days , but the things we missed while the government was closed are still fresh in our minds . Here are nine things readers are thrilled to have back , in no particular order . Add your own in the comments below and we might add them to our list . 1 . National Parks  + Panda Cam Parks make us happy . That was the battle cry from photographers , campers , newlyweds and other outdoor lovers turned away from national facilities ranging from Yellowstone National Park to the neighborhood playground during the shutdown . "  I missed the first part of canoe season on the Buffalo National River in NW Arkansas , just as leaves started on fall color , " Tulsa , Oklahoma , attorney Teresa M. Burkett wrote on Twitter . As soon as she heard the impasse was breaking , she set up a canoe trip for this weekend . "  The nation 's first national river is America at its finest . Truly the best part of our federal government : America 's national parks . " Lovers of the National Zoo 's Panda Cam were also at a loss for cuteness . The webcam was back up by Thursday morning  the 8-week-old panda cub was sleeping , last we checked . Yellowstone protester : Stop ` holding our parks hostage ' 2 . Health care research The National Institutes of Health and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention offer life-saving treatments for a lot of hopeless people . Young mother Michelle Langbehn has been through nine months of chemotherapy , two cycles of radiation , a spinal fusion and several tumor removal surgeries for her cancer . When the government shut down , she was waiting for the NIH to review her medical files to determine if she was eligible to enter a clinical drug trial . She 's since learned that she did n't qualify , but countless other patients will benefit from that study and others . Open for business again 3 . Weather information Our environment plays a key role in our daily lives , even if we are n't giving much thought to which way the wind blows . The absence of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's website made it harder for some to find out about current weather conditions or see views of the Northern Lights . Those who depend on this information for school or other research were missing a key resource . "  It 's day 14 of the shutdown and I have lost two weeks of thesis research because NASA and NOAA 's websites are down , " tweeted a user named Nicole . Omoju Miller , a resident of California 's earthquake-prone Bay Area , tried to visit the U.S. Geological Survey website , but saw it was closed . "  So we had a small earthquake in the middle of the night , " she wrote . "  Went to USGS , guess what ? They are furloughed because of the government shutdown ! " 4 . Museums The Smithsonian Institution 's museums -- including the National Air and Space Museum , the most-visited museum in the country -- were closed during the shutdown , spoiling vacation plans for thousands . But now that they 've reopened , treasures like the Wright brothers ' airplane , the original star-spangled banner , the Hope diamond , Dorothy 's ruby slippers and spacecraft that actually went to the moon are again on view to the public , and all free . "  Any of the Smithsonian museums are wonderful . And the price is just right , " noted reddit user empirialest on a discussion about favorite museums . Do n't forget your astronaut ice cream ! 5 . Space exploration Gazing up at the sky to see what 's out there is a pastime here on this planet , but there is so much the naked eye ca n't see . Those addicted to space and the stars rely on NASA 's website for views of what 's out there in outer space , but with the shutdown in action , they were missing their space and science fix . The thought of it all coming back made some very happy , like Twitter user Angela Schmidt , who likes to tune in to what 's happening with the International Space Station . "  The government is gon na reopen ! " Schmidt wrote excitedly . "  I finally get NASA TV back ! Missing my daily ISS updates ! " Another Twitter user , Jeffery Elliott , wrote an abbreviated letter of support to the agency during the shutdown . "  Dear NASA , " he said , "  On behalf of the American people , I want to apologize . We took you for granted and now we 're paying the price . We 're so very sorry . " 6 . Libraries and archives The Library of Congress , U.S. Census and other government departments keep the flow of information going . Students and researchers realized how much they needed access to archival materials during the shutdown . Georgia Tech graduate research assistant and Ph.D. candidate Glo Ross missed having census data at her fingertips . "  The #shutdown just got real for this PhD student . Access to census data for research ? Denied , " she tweeted . Ross uses Geographic Information Systems , spatial statistics and other data obtained from the U.S. Census site . She is writing her dissertation on the transformation of food deserts in Atlanta . Cutting off access to federal data "  stops knowledge flow and creativity -- big disadvantage to those studying past trends and predicting future ones , " she said . 7 . Being able to change names San Francisco safety Donte Whitner 's name change was n't the only one put on hold because of the shutdown  he wanted to drop the W and go by Hitner  . "  No name change , but enjoyed the convo , " Courtney Ziller wrote on Twitter after a trip to the local Social Security office in Minneapolis , only to be told she could n't file the paperwork for a new Social Security card because of the shutdown . The Social Security office also stopped issuing replacement Social Security cards , replacement Medicare cards and proof-of-income letters . 8 . Getting paid ` Our shutdown fears have been realized ' Hundreds of thousands of federal employees are ready for the government to show them the money . More than 400,000 were still furloughed at the end of the shutdown , and it was twice that when the shutdown began . Essential workers -- those who kept working without pay during the shutdown , including military service members -- can now receive their back pay . "  It feels like crap , " said Air Force archaeologist and cultural resources manager Tom Penders when the shutdown began . "  We live paycheck to paycheck as it is and barely make ends meet . " Plenty of other workers and business owners will never recoup their losses , such as hotel server Joy Lorien , who was temporarily laid off from her job at the Skyland Resort in Virginia 's Shenandoah National Park at the height of tourist season . There were other serious impacts on low-income families . Head Start preschool programs were forced to close in six states until a Houston couple donated $ 10 million to keep them running through the shutdown . 9 . Our sanity While the government stood still , some Americans felt their heads spinning . Angie Smith missed "  that sense of peace knowing things are functioning as they should . " E. Kate G. missed "  being proud of our country . " And Tim W. missed "  common sense , " saying "  I have no reason to believe it will be back anytime soon . " What government resources are you glad to have back ? Tell us in the comments below .	Americans are happy to have certain resources back after the government shutdown Most-missed included national parks , museums , government data and health services What are you glad to have back ? Add your thoughts in the comments below
London  CNN  -- Cyber security is big news right now . It seems a new high-profile breach is reported almost daily and yet this represents only the very tip of the iceberg . Backed by a highly organized black market worth billions of dollars , cybercrime has grown exponentially in scale and sophistication in recent years . In the face of this mounting threat , government and industry are manning the defenses . But finding the right people to protect some of our most valuable data is n't straightforward and requires a new approach . Over the past three years I have competed in a unique set of security games , backed by UK government , industry , academics and professional bodies , known as the Cyber Security Challenge . This aims to find talented amateurs by testing their skills with realistic competitions . Read more : International cyber attacks on the rise In my time playing the Challenge I have come face to face  or face to screen  with many dangerous viruses and computer code , and defended networks from simulated live-hacking attempts carried out by the UK 's leading cyber defense experts . Last week , I was fortunate enough to be crowned the UK 's cyber security champion . It 's an experience that has taught me much about the skills required to defend a computer system , but also about the difficulties the industry faces finding people with these skills . This is a major problem as cyber-attacks become more frequent and threaten us on various levels . The first aspect is the threat posed to the internet-using public . Scam emails and infected websites still represent a major source of income for cyber criminals . From a technical point these threats are easily solved through freely available anti-virus software and the use of decent solid passwords for your online accounts . However , the attacks continue due to the ease of bypassing these defenses by compromising the user . Technical defenses are of little use if the user clicks on the wrong link or accepts security warnings automatically without question . The fact these scams are still out there shows they are still effective and we have some way to go to educate the public on safe use of the internet . Above this sits corporate and industrial vulnerability that threatens organisations ' most valuable data -- be it financial records , customer data or intellectual property . The UK government has placed the potential cost of a single corporate cyber-attack in the hundreds of millions and it 's not just traditional technology and internet-based companies that are at risk . Whether it is the pharmaceutical industry where I work , aerospace companies or even the food industry , all own private information that could be of significant value and potentially accessible for those who know how . The highest level of threat represents the potential for state-sponsored attacks and future "  cyber warfare " exposing vulnerabilities of our critical national infrastructure to online attack . While the nature of this threat landscape is uncertain , the potential damage a cyber-attack could pose to our internet-dependent telecommunications , power and even water infrastructure , has seen cyber security rise sharply up government agendas around the world in the last five years . With cyber security a recognized priority at all levels of society , it is not that surprising that employers of this profession such as those I have met through playing the Challenge are on the lookout for new talent to fill increasing job vacancies . However they face their own challenge uncovering people for these jobs . Our education system in the UK has yet to catch up with a young , rapidly growing and ever-changing industry . My IT lessons focused on the use of software rather than its development or how to secure it . And while there are people who like me developed this knowledge and skills off their own back , there is still limited information out there about cyber security as a career option . I always saw it as more of a hobby , or a source of intellectual challenges , but never a genuine job possibility with the potential to progress upwards within a business or organization . This has all changed since playing the Challenge where the excitement of the profession , and the variety and diversity of employers has shown myself and many of the thousands of other Challenge participants , what this sector could offer them . The key is how they have gone about it using realistic and engaging games and exciting problem-solving activities developed by the professions themselves that inspire talented potential recruits to utilize and hone their skills to tackle real-life problems . While the Challenge wo n't solve our recruitment issues on its own it is vital that countries like the UK look outside of the traditional academic pathways if they are to build a healthy pipeline of cyber defenders to protect internet users from those that wish them harm . As someone with no formal training in this sector , I know as well as anyone that the skills for the good fight can be in anyone and as a nation we must not ignore this pool of untapped talent if we are to keep the internet a safe place for us all to enjoy . The views expressed in this column are solely those of Stephen Miller .	Stephen Miller is the reigning UK cyber security champion Miller : Cybercrime has grown exponentially in scale and sophistication in recent years Cybercrime is backed by a highly organized black market and is worth billions of dollars Cyber security is often regarded as hobby for young people rather than "  genuine " career
CNN  -- Convicted Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout was sentenced Thursday to 25 years behind bars by a federal judge in New York . "  I am not guilty , " Bout said through a translator . "  I never intended to kill anyone . I never intended to sell any arms to anyone . God knows this is the truth . " Last year Bout , who was dubbed "  the merchant of death " by his accusers , was convicted on four counts of conspiracy to kill Americans , acquire and export anti-aircraft missiles and provide material support to a terrorist organization . He had faced the possibility of life in prison . "  Viktor Bout has been international arms trafficking enemy number one for many years , arming some of the most violent conflicts around the globe , " said Preet Bharara , the U.S. attorney in Manhattan . "  He was finally brought to justice in an American court for agreeing to provide a staggering number of military-grade weapons to an avowed terrorist organization committed to killing Americans . " Bout 's wife , Alla , said after the hearing that her husband "  said few words " in reaction to the sentence . "  The war is not lost yet , " Alla Bout said , speaking in Russian . She said she and her husband could see each other once a week and "  yesterday we had a very serious conversation regarding him speaking in court -- there was a very long speech written ... Viktor together with his defense decided that he did not have anyone to prove himself to in that courtroom or accept his guilt or say anything else regarding the reliability of this case because he did not accept this case from the beginning as a lawful case , starting from the process in Thailand to his extradition to United States . " At the trial , the prosecution said that during a 2008 sting operation by U.S. drug enforcement agents in Thailand , Bout believed he was selling weapons to Colombian guerrillas . His lawyer , Albert Dayan , filed a letter last week asking Judge Shira A. Scheindlin , who presided over the trial and who set Bout 's sentence , to set aside the guilty verdict . Dayan urged the judge not to "  become an unwilling party " in what he called a "  wrongful prosecution " for "  purely political reasons . " He argued that the conviction is a "  product of malice " and that Bout has been an "  object of private politics " coming from Washington . The lawyer claimed that Bout was picked out by the United States government and lured into a crime manufactured by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , in which the agency played "  the role of judge , jury and executioner . " In his claim , Dayan insisted that Bout did not intend to sell any arms to the agents , that he had not sold any arms for several years and that the only thing he wanted to sell were two cargo airplanes , worth $ 5 million . Dayan stood by the claim that DEA officers baited his client into illegal activities . "  I do not profess , I do not argue that he 's an angel , but he is innocent of these charges , " Dayan wrote . "  I felt it was my duty to speak out and let the world know . " According to a federal indictment , Bout was suspected of creating front companies that used his planes to deliver food and medical supplies , as well as arms . After a sting operation in 2008 , he was arrested in Thailand and in 2010 was extradited to the United States following a protracted court proceeding . He was convicted in November after a three-week trial in New York . Before his arrest , the DEA had struggled to draw Bout out of his Russian homeland , which is long thought to have sheltered and defended him . Undercover agents met with Bout 's associates the world over , from Curacao to Copenhagen , in an attempt to set up a meeting with their target , according to the indictment . The Russian businessman also has been accused of assembling a fleet of cargo planes to traffic military-grade weapons to conflict zones around the world since the 1990s . Allegations of trafficking activities in Liberia prompted U.S. authorities to freeze his American assets in 2004 and prohibited U.S. transactions with him , according to the indictment . Bout has maintained that he operated legitimate businesses and had acted as a mere logistics provider . His exact age is unclear , but he is believed to be in his late 40s or 50s , with his age in dispute because of different passports and documents . The U.S. attorney 's office said it had no confirmed age . Critics have accused Bout of providing arms to rebels in several countries and fueling bloody conflicts in places such as Liberia and Sierra Leone . In 2000 , then-British Foreign Office official Peter Hain branded him "  Africa 's chief merchant of death " at a time when Bout is believed to have supplied arms to officials in Sierra Leone , a former British colony then embroiled in civil war . CNN 's Michael Tang and Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	Viktor Bout is sentenced to 25 years in prison Bout was convicted last year on four counts stemming from weapons deals His lawyer wanted the conviction overturned and said the prosecution was ` political '
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- Fidel Castro 's nearly five decades of rule ended Sunday when Cuba 's National Assembly chose his younger brother Raul to be the country 's new president . The lawmakers ' selection , which had been widely expected , came five days after Fidel Castro , 81 , announced his resignation in a letter published in the state-run newspaper Granma . In his address to the National Assembly , the 76-year-old Raul Castro proposed that "  we consult Fidel " on important decisions . The 614 members of the legislative body passed that motion unanimously . The lawmakers also announced that Jose Ramon Machado , a man of Raul Castro 's generation , had been elected first vice president of the Council of State , despite the expectation of some that the post would go to someone younger . The Council of State acts on behalf of the Assembly -- which meets only twice a year -- when it is not in session . Watch how Fidel Castro will still play a role in Cuba " Juan Almeida Bosque , Abelardo Colomi Ibarra , Carlos Lage Davila , Esteban Lazo Hernandez and Julio Casas Regueiro were elected as the Council 's other vice presidents , according to Granma . Fidel Castro was not present at the National Assembly meeting . In his letter of resignation published in the newspaper , he cited his "  critical health condition " and said , "  It would be a betrayal to my conscience to accept a responsibility requiring more mobility and dedication than I am physically able to offer . " The elder Castro underwent intestinal surgery in 2006 , when he transferred some powers to Raul , the country 's longtime defense minister . In his first communication since announcing the announcement , Fidel Castro lashed out Friday at U.S. President Bush in a newspaper column , saying Bush 's idea of change for Cuba would amount to annexation of the island nation . He said that , after his announcement , "  I slept better than ever ... My conscience was clear and I promised myself a vacation . " Raul Castro , who is shorter , less imposing and less charismatic than his brother , was the architect of the Cuban army and its leader for almost 50 years . As Cuba 's acting president , he has kept a low profile . About six months ago , he began what he called a "  national debate " on the problems of the country , acknowledging high unemployment and other economic concerns . "  Is there going to be a transition here toward something ? " Raul Castro once told reporters asking about post-Fidel Cuba . "  Yes , toward a better form of socialism and -- here 's something you 'll like -- toward a more democratic society . " However , he has said that only the Communist Party can guarantee continuity and , in his address Sunday to the National Assembly , he called the Party the "  the guarantee of the Cuban nation . " Raul Castro helped his brother plan the uprising that brought about the Cuban revolution , put Fidel Castro in power in 1959 and gave birth to the Western Hemisphere 's first Communist power . The brothers were born in Biran , Cuba , sons of a Spanish immigrant -- a rich landowner -- and a housemaid whom he eventually married . During the early years of the revolution , the younger Castro earned a reputation for being ruthless with his enemies . Grainy black-and-white video shows him making impassioned speeches in the early days of the revolution . Even before his brother announced his retirement , Raul Castro said Fidel would be a hard act to follow . Fidel Castro 's daughter , Alina Fernandez , who lives in Florida , told CNN that Sunday 's events were unlikely to significantly affect the country . She has long opposed her father 's regime . "  I think that the government will remain mostly the same , but I think they are going to bring on different faces that they need , " she said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	Raul Castro chosen as president by Cuba 's National Assembly Fidel Castro 's brother was the leader of Cuba 's military for at least 50 years Fidel Castro announced his resignation last week in a letter published online The 81-year-old has ruled the communist country since the 1950s
London  CNN  -- Female drivers in Formula One are few and far between , but one woman aiming to change this is Susie Wolff . The 29-year-old is a development driver for Williams F1 , where she works with engineers in a simulator and on track tests . She is about to compete in her seventh DTM racing car season for Mercedes Benz . She tells CNN about her journey so far . Beginnings : I grew up in the west of Scotland . My dad had a motorbike dealership and my mother met my father when she went to buy her first bike . I have an older brother and we got little karts . That 's how it all started . He spurred me on . It was never about him wanting to beat his little sister . He 's a film director and he 's just been commissioned to make a documentary on my job in Formula One . When I was 13 , the engineer that ran me in karts took me to a Formula Three race at Donington Park . A very young Jenson Button ended up winning that day and that 's when I said to myself ` Okay : This is what I want to do when I 'm older . ' I went to Edinburgh University to study international business but gave it up after two years to follow my dream . Big break : The Young Driver of The Year award is a very prestigious award in Great Britain and I was the first ever female to make the final six . That got me noticed by Mercedes Benz . I joined their German touring car  DTM  program as a factory driver .  Team founder  Frank Williams was always very interested in the fact that one of his board members  Wolff 's husband , Toto Wolff  had a wife who raced . Two years ago he visited and was interested to see what I could do . I 'd had opportunities to be in a Formula One car but only as a publicity stunt -- three laps , end of story . Now , they are giving me the chance to be a development driver -- not just a one year deal , a proper chance to show what I can do . See also : Where do the world 's most entrepreneurial women live ? Physicality : It 's incredibly physical . I drive up to 280km/h . The hardest thing is the g-force on your body under braking and the high speed cornering . I do a lot of back and stomach exercises and for the braking I need to have quite strong legs as well . Some drivers are very aggressive . I 'm a smooth driver . I have very little movement on the steering wheel , which is why I 'm sometimes better at conserving my tires than my teammates . Drivers try to stay as slim as they can and that 's where I have a massive advantage -- I 'm 20 to 30 kg less than the guys . Blazing a trail : I do n't race to prove how good women can be against men . I race because I love racing . Do n't get me wrong , I see these little girls all dressed in pink with Susie t-shirts on , and that 's fantastic . Many girls who are really interested in motorsport watch Formula One and see no females there , so maybe they do n't understand what they could do . I appreciate that I can have a positive influence in some kind of way . But I feel I still have a lot more to achieve before I can turn around and say I did something special , as a female in a man 's world . Bikinis : It 's a very fine line : I 'm representing a car manufacturer and all the sponsors so of course you have to make an effort to look nice at the racetrack . On the other hand , you have these promo girls walking around in tiny bikinis . I have a lot of respect for them , because I could never walk in a paddock of men in a bikini . Everyone does what they can and what they 're good at . See also : new wave of activists challenge notions of beauty Role models : My role models are my mother and grandmother . They never said to me , ` You 're doing something unusual . ' I do n't think my mother 's ever watched the start of any of my races -- she gets nervous because that 's when big accidents can happen -- but she 's very supportive . My grandmother was incredibly strong . When my grandfather was 39 , he ended up paralyzed from the waist down in a diving accident . She cared for him until she died last year . They never had any outside help . She never complained . She was never negative . She devoted herself to him and I think she had an incredible strength . Hardest lesson : In 2005 , I could n't get enough sponsorship to do Formula Three . I broke my ankle , so I missed some races . I was trying to get a drive in with Renault and got dropped by them at the last minute . I phoned my dad and said ` I 've been dropped -- what am I going to do now ? ' As I put down the phone , it rang and it was Mercedes Benz . One week later I had a contract . It was quite a journey to get to where I am today and that was a point when I thought it was all going to fall apart . Sometimes there 's not a lot of people around who believe in you , but you must always be willing to strive for your goals and never give up , even when things get really tough . See also : 10 most powerful women in tech Trust your instincts : What I 've learned in life is , you must follow your gut feeling . If you wake up every morning and are motivated and ambitious to achieve your goals , that gives you the best feeling in life . That brings you a happiness you ca n't get from anything else . Relaxation : I like to just chill out with my husband and go for nice dinners . I 'm not a great cook and I hate the thought of spending an hour in the kitchen to make dinner , then spend 10 minutes eating and then tidy it all up again . Game face : My family say when they see me on a race weekend , I 'm a different person . I 'm much harder . I 'm more focused on what I 'm doing . Away from the racetrack , I 'm a normal wife .	Susie Wolff was hired as a development driver for Williams F1 in April She has raced in six DTM championships , finishing ahead of David Coulthard and Ralph Schumacher in 2010 She is bidding to become one of only a handful of female drivers in motorsports top division
CNN  -- CNN has equipped a group of volunteers with cameras , laptops and a brand new Web site . They are blogging and posting videos of their lives and new jobs as they fan out across three continents for the next 12 months . As they set out to change the world around them , there are plenty of other organizations and individuals that are working with the same goal . CNN has made a list of the groups that can help you to make a positive impact on the world around you . Visit their Web sites to get more details on how you too can Be The Change . United Planet Wildlife Direct Hope & Home Do-It Village Volunteers Earth Watch Institute Global Volunteer Network Open Mind Projects Wildlife Direct -	Be the Change is following six people trying to have a positive impact on the world If you want to get involved contact the relevant volunteer organizations CNN has picked a number of NGOs that can help you to Be the Change
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India 's cricket board have suspended five players accused of corruption following an undercover TV probe . The suspensions followed a TV channel 's sting operation that purportedly showed the five players -- domestic first-class cricketers assigned to teams in the Indian Premier League  IPL  -- discussing money to deliberately bowl no-balls and spot-fix matches . Spot-fixing refers to players secretly agreeing to perform an act such as a no-ball at a certain time during a match . Bets will be made with bookmakers on the basis of this information . The players , T.P. Sudhindra , Amit Yadav , Shalabh Srivastav , Abhinav Bali and Mohnish Mishra , have been barred from playing cricket matches supervised by Indian authorities pending an inquiry , the Board of Control for Cricket in India  BCCI  said in a statement Tuesday . The BCCI appointed Ravi Sawani , the former head of the International Cricket Council 's anti-corruption and security unit , to lead the investigation . Meanwhile , one of the suspended players threatened to sue the channel at the center of the allegations , India TV . "  This is a trap , " Srivastav told the Times of India newspaper . "  Ask them to show the video clip in which I am demanding money or I am bowling no-balls . They have just put my photograph and played some telephone recordings which have been heavily edited , " the paper quoted him as saying . However the BCCI action was backed by some . "  It was correct to suspend the players , " said former Indian cricket captain Sunil Gavaskar in remarks published in the Times of India Wednesday . "  That 's the least  the  BCCI could have done . You do n't need players who are even contemplating doing things that they have allegedly done . " In a high profile case last year , three top Pakistani cricketers were jailed in Britain after being convicted of plotting to cheat by bowling no-balls and taking bribes in a match against England in 2010 . Player convictions not the end of the corruption story Former national team captain Salman Butt was sentenced to 30 months and bowler Mohammad Asif to one year in prison . Fellow bowler Mohammad Amir , a rising star in the sport at the age of 19 , was given a six-month jail term . However , the epicenter of cricket betting is India , where hundreds of millions of dollars are bet on matches , according to Ehsan Mani , a former President of the International Cricket Council  ICC  . Though match-fixing is rare , spot-fixing is very difficult to monitor , he said . "  The ICC Anti-Corruption and Security Unit is not able to access the betting odds being offered or monitor suspicious bets being placed . Unless betting is regulated in these countries it will remain very difficult to stop players being approached , " he wrote in an opinion article for CNN last year .	TV sting purportedly shows five players discussing payments to bowl no-balls T.P. Sudhindra , Amit Yadav , Shalabh Srivastav , Abhinav Bali and Mohnish Mishra suspended Three Pakistan players were jailed in the UK last year for their part in a spot-fixing scandal
French officials exploded in outrage after BNP Paribas agreed to plea guilty to criminal charges , pay nearly $ 9 billion in fines , and have access to dollar clearing suspended for a year for its persistent violations of US economic sanctions against Iran , Cuba and Sudan . The international bank fell under US jurisdiction by virtue of facilitating transactions in dollars which passed through the US . Most financial commentators had little sympathy with the French position , since the giant bank 's conduct was egregious . It included ongoing records-doctoring to hide the true identity of customers and stymieing the US investigation . But the French argument was essentially political : that the US had no right to impose its will on a foreign bank , and these transactions were legal under European law . Yet this is far from the first time the US has used its position as issuer of the world 's reserve currency to advance its foreign policy agenda . For instance , in the Suez Crisis in 1956 , Britain 's need for dollar credit to defend the pound enabled the US to force Britain and France to pull back from military confrontation . The economic reality is that the US derives considerable power from its role as the issuer of the world 's reserve currency and its control over dollar-based payment systems . Large banks run huge volumes of transactions with each other during the day . They are willing to do so because these systems are ultimately backstopped by the Federal Reserve . While parties unhappy with America 's use , and some would contend abuse , of US dollar dominance , financial institutions could set up dollar transaction mechanisms that completely skirted the US . But with low volumes and no Fed protection , they 'd be vastly higher cost . The other alternative is to try to encourage more use of non-dollar currencies , like the euro and China 's renminbi . But the euro has no benchmark bond , plus continued concerns about political fracture and sovereign bond restructurings mean it 's not a contender to replace the greenback any time soon . And even though China has been aggressively promoting trade denominated in the renminbi , the volume is puny , a mere 1.5 % of the global total . But putting aside the international row , what does the BNP Paribas settlement say about addressing misconduct at too big to fail banks ? Perversely , while banks are wards of the state and get more support and subsidies than any other type of business  for instance , ZIRP and quantitative easing are massive transfers from savers to financial players  , the authorities have lacked the will to discipline them effectively . Even though the BNP Paribas fine exceeded a year of earnings , the bank 's stock rose 3.6 % when the deal was announced , saying that investors though BNP Paribas had done well . The conundrum is indicting a bank at the parent level is widely perceived to be a potential death blow , since many counterparties would have to stop doing business with it immediately . Removing the US banking licenses of a serial fraudster , another possible remedy , would similarly put a US firm out of business and would inflict severe , permanent damage on a big foreign bank . Hence the tendency of officials to rely on big , or at least big-sounding , fines . But it is bankers , not banks , that commit crimes . Here , the BNP Paribas deal falls short . True , 13 officers were forced to resign , including one of its chief operating officers . But he was on the verge of retirement , and more important , no one was charged criminally or fined . By contrast , in 1991 , when Salomon Brothers failed to curb a trader that was repeatedly gaming government bond auctions , Salomon 's CEO , vice chairman , and president departed abruptly . We 've seen nothing like that punishment meted out to top executives in the post-crisis wave of investigations . And until that happens , banks will continue to behave as if they have the upper hand . Read more : Why screen stars are battling Europe 's banksRead more : Banks know that customers hate them	BNP Paribas has been fined nearly $ 9 billion in fines for violations of US sanctions French authorities criticized the fine as excessive and disproportionate Author Yves Smith says fines such as this have only limited impact on the banks Banks will not change until top executives face punishment , Yves Smith writes
CNN  -- Former England defender Sol Campbell has told CNN World Sport he is baffled by England coach Roy Hodgson 's decision to omit Rio Ferdinand from the forthcoming Euro 2012 tournament . Hodgson insisted he had decided to exclude the 33-year-old Manchester United center-back from his 23-man squad for purely footballing reasons . But Campbell , who won 73 caps and played in three World Cup campaigns for his England , thinks Hodgson 's call has more to do with off-field concerns . Former England captain John Terry has been included in the squad , despite awaiting trial on charges he racially abused Rio 's brother Anton during an English Premier League match in October . Terry denies the allegations . Did Manchester City win the title -- or did United lose it ? Terry was stripped of the captaincy over the affair , leading to the resignation of Fabio Capello , and Campbell is convinced the ongoing court case involving the Chelsea player was a factor in Hodgson 's decision . "  I do n't know what 's gone on , " he told CNN . "  I do n't know the conversation Roy Hodgson has had with John Terry or Rio Ferdinand . That 's going to probably be kept quiet . "  But I think it did play a small , or a big part in it , because you 're away for four to six weeks together ,  Roy is  probably thinking , maybe something might happen at the camp . "  But you ca n't say for football reasons Rio Ferdinand should n't be going because he 's experienced , he knows how to play football , he 's an excellent defender , he 's been fantastic for his club and country , especially in the last three months . " Hodgson said his conversations with both players would remain private though he did reveal Ferdinand was gracious and wished England well for the competition . Of Terry Hodgson , the former Liverpool manager , said : "  I realized that when I selected him there would be people who would raise eyebrows but that 's the decision that I 've made , that 's the decision I shall live with . " Manchester City sorry for Tevez 's ` Fergie R.I.P. ' banner Ferdinand took to social networking site Twitter to express his disappointment at missing out , saying : "  Absolutely loved playing for England . To say I 'm gutted is an understatement of the highest order . " Campbell believes Ferdinand 's vast experience on the international stage will prove a big miss for Hodgson 's side . "  I ca n't believe it , " he told CNN . "  He 's played the last 10 , 12 games for Manchester United , he 's played excellently , he 's fit as a fiddle . "  You need all your experienced players in a tournament like this . If you want younger players who are coming in and learning their way around international football , start with them in a campaign , at the beginning of your qualifying . "  Start not at the end , when you need the most experienced players at the tournament . Rio knows his way around all these tournaments . You need characters like that . " Campbell , who played in six consecutive major tournaments for his country between 1996 and 2006 , did back Hodgson 's decision to hand Steven Gerrard the captain 's armband though . The Liverpool skipper has 90 caps to his name since making his debut in 2000 and Campbell said : "  I 'm surprised Stevie did n't become captain sooner . "  He 's always seemed to be overlooked but he 's an excellent captain for his club , Liverpool , and I 'm sure he 'd be excellent for England . "	England coach Roy Hodgson omits Rio Ferdinand from Euro 2012 squad Former England defender Sol Campbell tells CNN he 's baffled by the decision John Terry , the former England captain , is selected in the 23-man squad Liverpool 's Steven Gerrard will captain the side , Hodgson reveals
CNN  -- The Queen 's hopes of marking her Diamond Jubilee with a win at Royal Ascot were dashed when her horse , Carlton House , was beaten by two-and-a-quarter lengths by So You Think in the showpiece Prince of Wales Stakes on Wednesday . The victory marked redemption for the Aiden O'Brien-trained six-year-old . Runner-up in this race last year to the ill-fated Rewilding , the New Zealand-bred horse has traveled the globe in search of an elusive 10th Group 1 victory . The dual Cox Plate winner could be considered to be the horse with the biggest carbon footprint in racing , having tried his luck in Australia , France , the U.S. and Dubai . He is now expected to take a well-deserved retirement to stud having passed the Â # 5 million  $ 7.87 m  prize money barrier . The Queen , dressed in pink for the second day of Royal Ascot , had watched Carlton House parade before the race and exchanged a few words with Sheikh Mohammed of Dubai , who gifted Carlton House to the Queen as a yearling . One of the best-known owners and breeders of racehorses in the country , the Queen has not had a Group 1 winner in Britain since Dunfermline captured the St Ledger Stakes in her Silver Jubilee year , 1977 .	So You Think wins Prince of Wales Stakes at Royal Ascot The Queen 's horse , Carlton House , beaten by two-and-a-quarter lengths Winning horse now expected to retire to stud The Queen has not had a Group 1 winner in Britain since 1977
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- Thousands of Canadians turned the streets of Vancouver into rivers of red on Sunday in jubilant celebration of the country 's Olympic gold-medal win in men 's ice hockey . Canada defeated the United States 3-2 in overtime , with national hero Sidney Crosby scoring the winning goal in the hard-fought game . The win capped off a historic Winter Olympics for the host nation just hours before the closing ceremonies . The country took home a record 14 gold medals -- the most in Winter Olympics history . Fans spilled out of the exits at Canada Hockey Place after the medal ceremony , "  clanging cowbells and screaming like madmen , " according to Sports Illustrated 's Luke Winn . "  I 'll remember this day for the rest of my life as will all Canadians who are here tonight , " one fan at a Vancouver viewing told CNN affiliate CTV in Canada . Watch fans celebrate in a sea of red and white Police told liquor stores in Vancouver to close early at 2 p.m. -- about an hour before the game ended -- ahead of the celebrations . Lines of people were seen at one store 30 minutes before the game even started . In Toronto , officials were forced to close down streets due to swelling masses of revelers waving Canadian flags and standing shoulder-to-shoulder in some of the city 's main intersections , video showed . And in downtown Vancouver , people swamped the city 's main Robson Square . Strangers high-fived each other in the street and fans were seen jumping onto cars , hugging each other , singing the country 's national anthem and chanting "  Ole ! " and "  This is our game . " The celebrations were the culmination of a Winter Games that got off to a rocky start , with warmer-than-usual weather that forced delays in some early contests , and the death of Georgian luger Nodar Kumaritashvili during a training run hours before the opening ceremony . The feeling of celebration and resiliency was being carried into the night 's closing ceremonies . Canadian figure skater Joannie Rochette -- whose mother died of a heart attack just days before her bronze-medal-winning performances -- was set to carry the nation 's flag before thousands in attendance at BC Place . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Canadians celebrate Olympic gold-medal win in men 's ice hockey Win caps off historic Olympics for host nation just hours before closing ceremonies Witness to jubilation : Canadians "  clanging cowbells and screaming like madmen " In host city of Vancouver and in Toronto , happy throngs pour into streets
CNN  -- The eyes of the world may be on Brazil with the World Cup about to kick off but the uncertainty which has engulfed Ukraine since the Russian annexation of Crimea remains . And if you believe everything you read , then half the squad of Ukraine 's leading club Shakhtar Donetsk is ready to leave the troubled region and head for the top European Leagues . But reports of a mass exodus are premature , according to the club 's general manager . "  Nobody wants to leave the club and nobody has asked to leave the club , " Sergiy Palkin told CNN Tuesday . "  I understand the concerns and I 've had lots of agents on the phone asking me , ` Is it safe and will my player be OK ? ' "  But I tell them that we can 100 % guarantee the security and safety of the players and their families . "  I understand that the families of the players are worried but it is fine here . "  We have not had to give them extra security . " Tensions remain high in the region although the election of new president Petro Poroshenko has provided hope that the political situation may improve . The club , which regularly competes in the European Champions League group stages , expects the squad to return to Donetsk on July 26 following a preseason tour -- though contingency plans are in place if the political situation worsens . "  It is complicated here in Ukraine as everybody knows , " Palkin added . "  But we hope we can resolve all the political problems and we 're hopeful over plans to restart the league next season . "  At the moment , it is calm in Donetsk and there are no real problems . "  Of course , we have talked about contingency plans . We could move cities if the problems get worse but we do not expect that to happen . "  We are very confident we will all meet up on July 26 for the new season . " Shakhtar , which has won five consecutive league titles , boasts a number of players from South America including Brazil 's Bernard . The midfielder , who has been included in the country 's World Cup squad , has reportedly been attracting attention from a number of English Premier League clubs . But Palkin rejected claims the club is under pressure to sell off its prized assets . "  I 've read everything in the newspapers but there is nothing in it , " he added . "  We are not under pressure to sell and nobody has requested a move . "  Of course , if a team comes in with a good offer then we 'll consider it but we have no intention of selling our best players . "	Ukraine remains in state of uncertainty following Russian invasion Shakhtar Donetsk says no players have asked to leave club Shakhtar boasts a number of South American football players Club says it could move its games if political situation deteriorates
CNN  -- Andy Murray recorded a double triumph on Tuesday to book his place in the last eight at Wimbledon , over opponent Marin Cilic and the dismal weather in London . After a day punctuated by rain delays on Monday , Murray was able to wrap up a 7-5 6-2 6-3 victory with just one interruption before damp conditions halted the action on all but Centre Court . Murray will now face Spain 's David Ferrer -- who knocked him out of the recent French Open -- after the Spaniard defeated Juan Del Potro , from Argentina , 6-3 6-2 6-3 . British No. 1 Murray said he was relieved to finish his clash against Croatian Cilic after a frustrating Monday in which play was suspended with the score 7-5 3-1 . There was criticism of the tournament 's organizers after Murray 's match was n't switched to Centre Court , which has a retractable roof , but he told reporters : "  I honestly do n't care which court I play on . "  It makes no difference but obviously every player would rather be on Centre Court because you know you are going to get your match in regardless of the weather . "  I do n't think I deserve to play every match on Centre Court . It 's just annoying when the weather is bad . "  I have n't always dealt with rain delays that well in the past , so it 's good experience for me . Probably from now on I will play on Centre so it wo n't be a problem . " Ferrer , the No. 7 seed , breezed through his match on the sheltered showpiece court , defeating 2009 U.S. Open champion Del Potro in just under two hours . He told the ATP Tour 's official website : "  Today was one of my best matches -LSB- on a grass -RSB- court . But I 'm not sure if is my best or not . At Wimbledon , there is a lot of wind . "  On an indoor court , under a roof , it is easier for us to play . The ball does not move and this is more comfortable for us . " Murray and Ferrer were joined in the quarters by German pair Philipp Kohlschreiber and Florian Mayer . Mayer , the No. 31 seed , reached the last eight at Wimbledon for only the second time after he defeated Frenchman Richard Gasquet 6-3 6-1 3-6 6-2 . His reward for reaching his first quarterfinal in eight years is a tie with world No. 1 and defending champion Novak Djokovic . "  It 's an unbelievable feeling . Eight years ago I was here in the quarters , and now eight years later it 's happened again . So it 's a wonderful dream for me , " Mayer told reporters . Kohlschreiber battled past U.S. qualifier Brian Baker 6-1 7-6 6-3 to make the last eight of a Grand Slam tournament for the first time in 33 attempts . The No. 27 seed will now play French No. 5 seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga after he recorded a 4-6 7-6 6-4 6-4 win over American No. 10 Mardy Fish in another rain-hit match . "  I 'm very , very happy , " said Kohlschreiber . "  It 's very tough to describe the real feelings . I 'm very happy how I played . "  Also , lucky , at the end , with the weather , that I could finish my match . It 's just an amazing feeling . For sure I will celebrate . I have a lot of confidence now . I like the courts . " The last quarterfinal sees 16-time major champion Roger Federer , the No. 3 seed , take on Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny .	Britain 's Andy Murray books Wimbledon quarterfinal slot with victory over Marin Cilic No. 4 seed wins 7-5 6-2 6-3 in rain affected match and will now face Spain 's David Ferrer Ferrer beats Juan Martin Del Potro 6-3 6-2 6-3 under the roof on Centre Court German pair Philipp Kohlschreiber and Florian Mayer both make it through to last eight
CNN  -- Kevin Pearce One of the country 's top snowboarders , who was considered a favorite to make the U.S. Olympic team , was in critical but stable condition Sunday after an accident while training last week at Park City , Utah . The Los Angeles Times reports that the 22-year-old from Norwich , Vermont , was wearing a helmet while attempting a twisting double back flip on an icy halfpipe . Pearce hit his head , was knocked unconscious and was then airlifted to the University of Utah hospital for surgery . He sustained severe traumatic brain injury , one of his doctors said in a statement . Pearce , a beloved athlete , was one of the few snowboarders who experts thought could challenge top contender Shaun White , who has won almost every top snowboarding medal . Los Angeles Times : Snowboarder in critical condition Adrian Smith One of the world 's most widely recognized architects is one of the principal designers of the world 's tallest tower , the Burj Dubai , which opens today in the emirate of Dubai . The 160-plus-story structure has already been hailed as a monumental architectural achievement but is seen by some as a symbol of the city 's unbridled excess . The majestic silvery construction houses a luxury hotel , apartments and offices . Six years in the making , the Burj Dubai reaches 818 meters , or half a mile , into the sky above Dubai , with dizzying views of the ambitious building program that has transformed the emirate and left it swamped by debt . Smith worked for four decades at the structure 's architecture firm , Chicago , Illinois-based Skidmore , Owings & Merrill , which called the Burj "  a bold global icon that will serve as a model for future urban centers . " Declaring that "  tall buildings are back , " the company predicts that the groundbreaking techniques it used to push the Burj to new heights should enable the construction of even taller towers in the future . CNN : Debt-hit Dubai opens world 's tallest tower Kurt Westergaard The Danish political cartoonist was threatened by a Somali man wielding an ax and knife . According to Westergaard , the man tried to enter the house by breaking through a glass door Friday night . Westergaard took his 5-year-old granddaughter into a specially built "  panic room " when he realized what was happening , Chief Superintendent Ole Madsen said . Police said a home alarm alerted them to the scene in the city of Aarhus , and they were attacked by the suspect when they responded . Police shot the suspect and he was taken into custody . Westergaard , who has been threatened for drawing cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed in 2005 , is ordinarily accompanied by bodyguards , but there were no guards at the house when the break-in occurred . The New York Times quoted a Danish newspaper report that Denmark 's security and intelligence agency knew that the accused Somali man was held in Kenya in September for allegedly helping to plot an attack against Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who visited Kenya in August . The man was released earlier this fall by Kenyan authorities due to lack of evidence , the newspaper Politiken reported . Denmark 's ambassador to Kenya told the news agency Ritzau , however , that the Somali man was arrested in Kenya for incomplete travel documents , adding that Kenyan authorities never told the embassy that he was a suspect in a terror plot . CNN : Cartoonist hid in ` panic room ' during attack Annise Parker Houston 's first openly gay mayor will be sworn in today . Parker 's election last month also makes her the second woman to become mayor of Houston . Other cities such as Providence , Rhode Island , and Portland , Oregon , have picked openly gay mayors . Houston is the fourth-largest U.S. city . Parker 's victory is also remarkable because a few years ago , Houston rejected a referendum to offer benefits to same-sex partners of city workers . Also , the city sits in a state where gay marriage is against the law . Parker , 53 , has never shied away from , nor made an issue of , her sexual orientation . She has been with her partner for 19 years and they have two adopted children . CNN : Houston elects first openly gay mayor What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Top U.S. snowboarder injured during training World 's tallest tower opens in Dubai Fourth-largest U.S. city swears in its first openly gay mayor
CNN  -- There 's a lot that will happen in 2013 with respect to health care , but the truth of the matter is that most of it will be in preparation for 2014 . That 's the year the Affordable Care Act really kicks into effect . Here are my guesses for what to watch in 2013 : 1 . The Medicaid expansion Much of this year 's election was fought over whether Medicaid should be cut . Now the big decision is how much Medicaid will be expanded . About half of the uninsured who hope for coverage under the Affordable Care Act will do so under Medicaid , an estimated 16 million to 17 million people . But June 's Supreme Court ruling made the expansion optional , and states get to decide if they will participate . At last count , 17 states have said yes , and nine have said no . The rest will need to commit in 2013 . My guess is that most will . The Obama administration has decided to play hardball , and leaving that money on the table will be met with screams by the uninsured and providers alike . 2 . Medicaid provider payments These are going up . Way up . Part of the Affordable Care Act makes Medicaid payments to physicians look more like Medicare payments . There is such a difference that many physicians will see fees for primary care services go up by 73 % . Physicians will be thrilled . Those who think Medicaid costs too much already will not . 3 . The health insurance exchanges In 2014 , the other half of the uninsured will need to go to the health insurance exchanges to get their insurance . These are tightly regulated marketplaces where individuals will be able to get community-rated insurance and ca n't be turned down even if they have chronic conditions . People who make between 133 % and 400 % of the federal poverty line will get subsidies in the form of tax credits to help defer the cost . But many states are choosing not to form local exchanges , leaving it to the federal government . For those states that opt for exchanges , there 's a ton of work to do next year to get them ready to go . The federal government will be responsible for all the states that are opting out , and it has even more work to do . Expect a lot of news on their development . October 1 , 2013 , is the date they 're all supposed to go live . 4 . Medicare taxes Taxes are going up . Right now , employees pay a tax of 1.45 % for Medicare  employers pay an equal amount  . Starting next year , for couples making more than $ 250,000 that tax will go up by 0.9 % on income above the threshold . Additionally , investment income will also be taxed at 3.8 % for people above the threshold . This is the first time that unearned income will be subject to a Medicare tax . 5 . Medicare reform This got a lot of attention in the election , and in the first few rounds of fiscal cliff negotiations . Talk of raising the eligibility age is dead for now , and discussions of turning Medicare into a voucher program are in the dustbin of history as well . I do n't think that any huge changes will happen on this front , short of those already put in place by the Affordable Care Act and quietly re-embraced by Republicans post-election . The Obama administration has proposed some new cuts , but almost none of those will affect 2013 . 6 . Insurance transparency A small but important benefit of the Affordable Care Act will start in 2013 . From now on , insurance companies are mandated to describe all plans in easy-to-understand English in a standardized format . Here 's a sample  PDF  . This will make things easier for many people , although insurance policies will still be hard to understand . 7 . Health care spending Although many believe that health care costs will rise more slowly in 2013 , at about 3.8 % , we will still be spending $ 2.9 trillion . That 's a lot of money . As we continue to fight over the budget deficit and the debt , expect the costs of health care to continue getting a lot of attention . That should account for most of the excitement next year . Whether I 'm right or wrong , we 'll be covering it here on CNN.com . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron E. Carroll .	Aaron Carroll : Next year will be in preparation for 2014 when Affordable Care Act kicks in Carroll : Most states will probably commit to participating in the Medicaid expansion He says forming health insurance exchanges will take a lot of work to get ready Carroll : Expect the costs of health care to continue getting a lot of attention
CNN  -- This election is about the economy -- not social issues or other distractions . At least , that 's the mantra we 've consistently heard from conservative candidates this election cycle . We heard the same thing during the "  tea party election " of 2010 . But it 's an odd insistence from an overwhelmingly social conservative Republican party . Because keep in mind , they 're not disavowing anti-choice beliefs on abortion or opposition to gay rights or any other deeply held hot-button issues . They just do n't want to discuss them loudly in an election year . It 's almost as if bringing up social issues is impolite . But of course , there 's an electoral calculation beneath the impulse to keep them in the closet . It is an interesting implicit admission -- that the far-right litmus tests on social issues that seem necessary to win closed partisan primaries also alienate the centrist and independent voters that Republicans need to win general elections . There is no question that fiscal conservatism is what holds the Republican coalition together and helps it connect with independent voters concerned about deficits and the debt . Smaller government and lower taxes are popular promises , particularly if specific cuts are n't spelled out in detail . And certainly , the still struggling economy is a cause of frustration and anxiety . Tell us : Where do you stand on abortion ? But all that was true in 2010 , when the tea party revived the Republican Party with promises to refocus it along libertarian lines , ignoring divisive social issues because there were more urgent economic matters at stake . Two years later , this pitch has lost some of its punch . That 's because we can compare the rhetoric to the record . And contrary to the libertarian promises , social issues have been front and center , especially in the state legislatures that Republicans took control over in 2010 . In 2011 , 24 states passed a record 92 restrictions on abortion , including mandatory ultrasound legislation , waiting periods , insurance restrictions , and abortion bans after 20 weeks of pregnancy . The pace continued in 2012 . Opinion : Can Romney get back on track ? Likewise , when Republicans took control of the North Carolina state legislature , one of the first referendums they put on the ballot was a bid to ban same-sex marriages . It passed handily . In Iowa , three judges who ruled same-sex marriage was constitutional found themselves kicked out of office in 2010 , and another of those judges is being targeted this election cycle , with former presidential candidate Rick Santorum and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal adding their voices to the effort . It 's not just a case of unruly conservative state legislatures . The Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives was elected on a similar promise to focus on the economy . But less than one month after taking office , conservatives pushed through the first of several efforts to defund Planned Parenthood , even though the long-standing Hyde Amendment already prohibits spending federal money on abortions .  The taxpayer money that Planned Parenthood does receive is limited to women 's health services , like breast health exams .  With all the promises to cut excess spending , this was an odd place to begin looking for meaningful cuts , unless you recognize that social issues were driving the agenda from the outset . By contrast , look at the contortions many conservatives are going through to avoid making the sequester cuts to the Defense Department -- required after congressional negotiators failed to agree on a deficit-reduction plan last fall -- proposing instead that the cuts guaranteed by the bipartisan failure of the super committee come entirely out of entitlement spending . Navarrette : Dreamers deal a risky roll of dice It 's important to appreciate that social conservatives hold their views dear . And good people can disagree on these most difficult and personal issues , particularly abortion . Vice-presidential nominee Paul Ryan is a serious deficit hawk who had the courage to put his budget plans in writing , but he is similarly opposed to abortion even in cases of rape and incest and has written extensively about his beliefs in this area . That this is deeply held should not distract us from the fact that fewer than 20 % of Americans support a constitutional ban on all abortions , as called for in the Republican platform . The Clintonian formulation of "  safe , legal and rare " comes closer to expressing the consensus ; but pro-choice Republicans are close to being RINO -- "  Republicans in name only " -- hunted out of existence . Mitt Romney has characteristically shown less consistent commitment to social issues . He was pro-choice until he started running for president , but now expresses a desire to see Roe v. Wade overturned . He once was a financial supporter of Planned Parenthood , but now wants to defund it entirely . In addition , the man who once pledged to be better on gay rights than Ted Kennedy now backs the Bush-era constitutional ban on same-sex marriage . Rothkopf : Obama on world stage : More hope than change There 's plenty of reason to believe Romney reversed his positions for political expedience while trying to win the Republican primary -- but there 's no reason to believe he would abandon those new positions if he became president . Given the conservative congressional record , he 'd likely be faced with social legislation if he took the oath of office . Is it reasonable to believe he would veto it in a return to moderation ? Many of my libertarian friends are content to ignore these inconsistencies while distancing themselves personally from the social-conservative populists in their chosen party . There are more urgent issues , they say , especially reducing deficits and debt , which have exploded under President Obama . But I ca n't help but wonder why a serious focus on this front would not have created a tea party rally around the bipartisan Bowles-Simpson Commission recommendations , which would have cut taxes , closed loopholes , reduced spending and enacted entitlement reform . Ryan and his Republican congressional colleagues on the commission voted against it . Likewise , it was the tea party congressmen who undercut House Speaker John Boehner 's attempt to forge a grand bargain with Obama during the self-inflicted debt-ceiling crisis . Social issues received earlier and more consistent support on the state legislative and congressional level than serious attempts to reduce the deficit and the debt . Formerly bipartisan jobs bill proposals put forward by Obama -- like a public-private infrastructure bank -- likewise did not move forward , contrary to promises to focus on jobs and improving the economy . The bottom line is it makes no sense to pretend that social issues are not on the ballot this fall , along with more pressing issues . The record of the past two years suggests that social conservatism is a driving force beneath the tea party rhetoric . To ignore that fact is to ignore reality , no matter how uncomfortable it is . Tell us : Where do you stand on social issues ? Cast your vote with the CNN-Facebook "  I 'm Voting " app , and be part of the way CNN covers the election . Abortion | Same-sex marriage The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Conservatives say election about economy , not social issues . Really ? Avlon : GOP at state and federal levels has put social issues ahead of economy repeatedly He says GOP focuses on abortion , same-sex marriage , but runs from action on debt Avlon : It 's clear in past 2 years social conservatism a driving force behind tea party rhetoric
CNN  If you 're considering going to Olive Garden for the third time this week , stop right now and consider some creative alternatives . Instead , visit one of these wacky restaurants for unique dining experiences that put good fun , fantasy and more on the menu . Trailer Park Lounge , New York If a bathtub full of beer bottles and the Elvis and Dolly Parton memorabilia do n't make you feel like you 're in a trailer park at the Trailer Park Lounge , the literal side of a trailer mounted on the wall will . Chow down on a thick sloppy joe , Frito and tater tot chili or a classic Double-Wide burger before enjoying a Moon Pie for dessert . Make sure you bring your camera to truly capture the kitschy dive bar atmosphere . Really get into the mood with a giant margarita , the signature "  Jim Bob 's I.Q. "  a surreptitious stab at TLC 's "  19 Kids and Counting " patriarch  or some good old PBR . Safe House , Milwaukee , Wisconsin Whether you 're an actual escaped convict or just someone who wants to play spy for the day , the secrecy surrounding Milwaukee 's Safe House is enough to get anyone 's blood pumping . After 8 p.m. , guests need a password to confirm that they are friends , not foes . As the website says , "  Hint ... Control never turned away agents on the run because they did n't know the password . " Not only is the uber-spy atmosphere an experience in and of itself , but customers can also play blackjack and enjoy an intriguing magic show while they eat . The upscale cuisine includes dishes like the Sean Connery  herb-buttered flame-broiled steak  and the Soviet Defector  beer-braised baby back ribs  . If you become obsessed with Safe House , you can jump up a clearance level by joining the Very Important Operatives membership group , which offers discounts and your own code name . Dick 's Last Resort , multiple U.S. locations Many restaurant-goers would complain if their servers insulted them . Not at Dick 's Last Resort , where the restaurant 's theme is just that : Staff members who intentionally act like , uh , jerks . Customers take delight in the sarcasm and rudeness as they are forced to wear paper hats saying things like "  will give lap dances for $ 1 " and "  I eat the little chocolates out of the litter box . " Few jokes are off-limits as waiters direct customers to fake bathrooms and shout rude comments at guests and each other . Dick 's has locations across the United States , from San Francisco to Orlando . As the website says , "  Dick 's Last Resort is known for its outrageous , surly , and energetic servers who dish out good grub , cold booze and heaping helpings of sarcasm . " Just do n't take your 4-year-old here unless you 'd like to add some words to her vocabulary . Ninja New York , New York Sushi with a twist is a definite understatement when it comes to this 1800s-inspired Japanese dining experience . The dark New York restaurant is a mazelike "  ninja village , " with iron bars and cold stone lining the walls . Guests travel down narrow corridors to be seated , and then , after ordering fresh sushi dishes , the fun begins . At any moment , a sleek ninja could jump out at you from a shadowy corner and scare you with a series of tricks or slight-of-hand illusions . Make sure to order a dish marked with a special presentation symbol to receive your meal with lights , fire or intricate karate chops . The Stinking Rose , San Francisco Date night tip No. 1 : Do not order anything garlicky ... unless you 're at the Stinking Rose . This garlic-centered restaurant serves its eager customers more than 3,000 pounds of garlic every month . And the garlic fun is not limited to the food . The Stinking Rose 's walls are adorned with animated garlic characters , and the restaurant is filled with garlic-themed collectibles . The world 's largest garlic braid winds its way through the restaurant , keeping the pungent smell in the air as customers dine on garlic-filled dishes like Forty Clove Roasted Garlic Chicken and salmon in a lemon butter garlic caper sauce . Just think , if your date turns out to be a vampire , you 'll be all set . Ellen 's Stardust Diner , New York Musical theater fans , 1950s throwback fans and general food fans alike flock to this one-of-a-kind Broadway dining experience that blurs the line between dinner and entertainment . With the slogan "  home of the singing waitstaff , " the restaurant entertains guests with professional-level renditions of Broadway tunes and popular songs . Dishes like the Dean Martin  spaghetti and meatballs  and the Jerry Lee Lewis  a buffalo fried chicken and blue cheese wrap  highlight the diner 's throwback vibe . There are 1950s-era films playing on authentic 1956 Predicta televisions to complete the transition to another world . Donny Dirk 's Zombie Den , Minneapolis The creepy undead reign at this Minneapolis bar , where a glass case reading "  in case of zombie attack , break glass " encloses a chainsaw . The dark mad scientist lab interior features mixologists who concoct masterpieces like strawberry jalapeno tequila , bubblegum vodka or Earl Grey tea-infused gin with orange bitters and egg yolk . Gory zombie movies play on the TVs , guests sit in dark booths , and employees dressed like zombies hang around , adding to the creepy vibe . As owner Donny has told customers , "  Sorry , we 're fresh out of brains . Can I get you a Bloody Mary ? I 'll put extra blood in it . " Conflict Kitchen , Pittsburgh For a more high-minded , educational experience , try Pittsburgh 's Conflict Kitchen . The restaurant 's cuisine rotates every couple of months to serve foods from a hot spot with which the United States is in conflict . As the cuisine changes , so do the distinctive food wrappers . Each time a new location is featured , the food wrappers are printed with interviews with people from that place on topics like health care , the arts and the economy . Former versions of the restaurant have served Iranian , Cuban and North Korean foods . Currently , the Palestinian territories are being featured , and the menu boasts treats like maftoul  a garlicky chicken and couscous dish  and tamar Hindi  chilled tamarind juice with rose water  . The Duce , Phoenix This Prohibition-style 1928 warehouse has been converted into a boxing ring and yoga studio by day and part-restaurant , part-old-fashioned jazz club by night . Take a boxing class and then enjoy the all-day brunch menu before sidling up to the 1915 Chicago drug store soda fountain for a creamy dessert . Everything is made from scratch in "  Duchess , " the 1965 Airstream trailer . Choose from menu items including gooey macaroni and cheese muffins , baked cinnamon pecan French toast or Pabst marinated chicken sausage sliders . Or just order them all . We wo n't judge . An hour of kickboxing surely warrants eating all of the cheese and ice cream you could ever want . The Exchange Bar and Grill , New York This is one of the few restaurants where the price of your drink changes from day to day ... and you control it ! At the Exchange Bar and Grill , the prices of alcoholic beverages fluctuate in 25-cent increments with supply and demand . There 's a real-time stock market style ticker above the bar so you can keep track of price changes . The fewer customers who order a specific drink , the lower the price drops . While the fully stocked bar is the main attraction , popular foods like fried Oreos and waffle fry nachos leave customers raving .	Watch out for sneaky ninjas at a New York restaurant Embrace your garlic breath at the Stinking Rose Control the price of your beer at the Exchange
CNN  -- A prominent group of Muslim American and Christian leaders are scheduled to return to Washington Monday , following a six day visit to Iran where top government and clerical officials indicated to them that two American hikers would be released . "  Our goal has been to foster interfaith ties , build a system of understanding and ask the Iranian leadership to show compassion and mercy for the American hikers by allowing them to come home , " said Nihad Awad , national executive director of the Council on American Islamic Relations  CAIR  who went to Tehran last week as part of a religious delegation . The American delegation included Cardinal Theodore E. McCarrick , Archbishop Emeritus of Washington , the Rt. . Rev. John Bryson Chane , Episcopal Bishop of Washington , and Interim Dean of Washington National Cathedral , and former North Carolina State Sen. Larry Shaw , said Awad . "  The delegation was informed by the Iranian authorities that its work prior to this trip and during its current stay in Iran was very helpful and important in the decision to release the hikers , " according to a CAIR statement released Sunday . Awad told CNN the delegation traveled to Tehran at the invitation of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The appeal for the release of Shane Bauer and Josh Fattal began with a series of personal letters addressed to Ahmadinejad and other Iranian leaders in September 2010 , CAIR spokesman Ibrahim Hooper said . In May , boxing legend Muhammad Ali joined more than a dozen prominent Muslim American and various interfaith leaders -- including CAIR -- at a news conference in Washington to publicly ask for the release of the two hikers . Their appeal to the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran , Ayatollah Sayyid Ali Khameni , was endorsed by the group , which has maintained a dialogue with clerical leaders in Iran , said Awad . Last week , Awad and three other members of the delegation , boarded a flight to Tehran with a stop in Istanbul , Turkey . Their visit this week included meetings with Iranian religious scholars and leaders in the holy city of Qom and a meeting on Saturday with Ahmadinejad , said Awad . "  We can only hope the two men are freed soon on humanitarian grounds and that our visit fosters a better dialogue between Iranian and American leaders of faith , " he said . The delegation was granted permission by government officials to visit Baur and Fattal in prison on Sunday but their request was postponed , said Awad . The delegation also met with family members of Iranian citizens held in the United States adding that government officials there emphasized the need to work more effectively at "  securing the freedom of Iranians in American jails , " Awad said . The two men , along a third hiker , Sarah Shourd , were arrested and taken into custody along the Iran-Iraq border in July 2009 and charged with espionage . Bauer and Fattal , both 29 , were tried and sentenced last month to three years each for illegal entry into Iran and five years each for spying for the United States . The Americans say they accidentally crossed into Iran when they veered off a dirt road while hiking near a sight seeing venture in the Kurdish region of northern Iraq . They have denied the charges and appealed the sentence while serving time in Tehran 's Evin prison . Ms. Shourd , was released last year on humanitarian grounds . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer have been held as spies for more than two years Muslim American and Christian leaders are returning from Iran , group says The group was in Iran at the invitation of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
CNN  -- Singer Zayn Malik is heading in "  One Direction " -- toward the altar . One Direction member Malik is engaged to girlfriend and Little Mix member Perrie Edwards , a representative for their mutual label , Columbia Records , confirmed to CNN . Photos : Boy bands through the years "  Zayn and Perrie are engaged , but any further detail regarding their relationship is private , " the rep said . Speculation about the pair heated up after Edwards appeared at the London premiere Tuesday of the One Direction documentary "  This is Us " sporting a diamond sparkler on her left ring finger . Edwards ' mother , Debbie Dufty , told Real Radio that Malik was traditional and asked her for her daughter 's hand in marriage . Dufty said she was thrilled after the pair got engaged on Sunday . "  It 's wonderful because Zayn 's absolutely gorgeous and Perrie loves him to pieces and it 's just perfect , " she told the radio station . "  They just get on so well together and they understand each other so it 's just fabulous ! " Little Mix is a British girl group that formed in 2011 during season eight of the U.K. 's "  The X Factor . " They have been compared to The Spice Girls .	One Direction 's Zayn Malik got engaged on Sunday His intended is a member of a British girl group Her mother said Malik asked for her daughter 's hand
CNN  -- English Premier League side Liverpool are waiting to find out the extent of the injury suffered by Spain striker Fernando Torres during the closing stages of the World Cup final . The 26-year-old , a late substitute in Spain 's 1-0 extra-time victory over the Netherlands , pulled up as he chased a long ball , before collapsing to the ground and thumping his fist on the ground . He recovered enough to play a part in Spain 's celebrations and returned to Madrid on Monday with his victorious team-mates . A statement on Liverpool 's website confirmed the injury as a left adductor problem , although the severity is not yet known . Torres endured an injury-disrupted season with Liverpool , and came into the World Cup after a six week layoff following his second knee operation . He has been linked with a big-money move away from the Reds , who slumped to a disappointing seventh-place finish last season . But in a separate item , Liverpool 's website featured pictures of Torres holding the World Cup while wearing the team 's scarf , an image that may reassure fans desperate to keep hold of one of their prize assets . Meanwhile , Manchester United departed for their pre-season tour of the United States without a number of their best-known players . Wayne Rooney , Michael Carrick and Nemanja Vidic have all been left at home to recover from the World Cup , while Gary Neville , Michael Owen , Antonio Valencia , Anderson and Owen Hargreaves are all recovering from injuries . However , new signings Chris Smalling and Javier Hernandez are making the trip . Elsewhere , Sunderland manager Steve Bruce says he wants to sign defender Sol Campbell from Arsenal , and Portsmouth manager Steve Cotterill has revealed that Nigeria striker John Utaka is set to leave the club following their relegation to the Championship .	Liverpool wait to find out extent of injury to star striker Fernando Torres Torres suffered injury to left adductor in closing stages of Spain 's win over the Netherlands Manchester United depart for U.S. tour without Rooney , Neville , Owen , Carrick
CNN  -- Dallas Mavericks star Dirk Nowitzki is a 10-time NBA All-Star and the first European in history to receive the Most Valuable Player award . Born into an extraordinarily athletic family , the 7-foot German dabbled in a variety of sports -- from tennis to soccer -- before finding his calling as a teen . The 32-year-old power forward is now enjoying his 13th year in the NBA and has recently signed a contract worth $ 80 million over four years -- making him Germany 's second highest paid sports star after F1 legend Michael Schumacher . But Dallas is a long way from his small suburban hometown of Wurzburg , in the heart of Germany . Dirk Nowitzki , also known as the "  Dunking Deutschman , " recently sat down with CNN 's Terry Baddoo to talk about his Bavarian roots and his life on and off the court . An edited version of the interview follows : CNN : How did your upbringing affect your life as an adult ? Dirk Nowitzki : My parents were big into sports . My dad was a handball player , and my mom played basketball -- so basically I was in the gym every day . I played all kinds of sports when I was young : tennis , handball , basketball , some soccer . I focused on basketball when I was 16 or 17 and then came to the U.S. when I was 20 . CNN : Your parents must be very proud of you ? DN : They are my biggest fans . My mom gets so nervous still -- I mean I 've been in this league for 13 years and she still ca n't watch games live . She gets so anxious and when I miss a shot , she 's like : "  What 's wrong with him ? Why 's he missing ? " My dad never really played basketball , but now he 's my biggest critic . I come home and he 's says : "  Why did n't you shoot there ? Why did n't you drive ? " CNN : What do you miss about Germany ? DN : Just my family really . Everything else nowadays you can get over the internet , like food and that sort of stuff . It 's so cold in the winter there , so I 'm glad I miss the whole winter time . But , you know , when I do n't see  my sister 's  kids for like two to three months , they change so much , and you miss them a lot . That 's really the only thing . CNN : You must get a lot of love from German people ? DN : Germans are everywhere . Every time I 'm on the road somewhere , somebody has a German sign , and Germans come here to visit me a lot . Last year for the All-Star game that was here in Dallas , I had 20 to 25 people come and stay at my house . That was crazy . Every summer I go home and play for the national team and have a lot of followers there so , yeah , they treat me great and hopefully it will continue like that for the last couple of years of my career . CNN : You 're the second highest-paid German athlete behind Michael Schumacher . How do you feel about that ? DN : It 's really nice , I mean Schumacher is obviously the man . What is it -- he 's won six championships ? And now he finally has this huge comeback with Mercedes -- the German car . He 's great . But to me it was never about the money . It 's nice to know that I 'll never have to worry about money for the rest of my life once I retire , but really that 's about it . I never came here for the money . I came here to compete with the best players in the world . CNN : You 're more than just a basketball player . Away from the game you play music ? DN : Instrument wise I 'd been struggling with the saxophone for a long time . Then I had my teeth knocked out and I could n't really bite on it anymore , so I quit that . I started to play the guitar for a couple of years which was fun . I still bring it out once in a while , could bust out a couple of songs but I 'm not very good at it . CNN : You 're always flashing a smile on court . Are you always so happy , or is that a misconception ? DN : Yeah I like to have fun , but sometimes I do get a little fired up that I have to calm myself down . Off the floor I 'm really laid back , like nothing really fazes me too much . But on the floor I do get emotional and a little carried away . However , I started playing when I was 13 to have fun with my teammates , and that never stopped . I enjoy traveling and having fun in the locker room with the guys . Life is too short to be miserable . CNN : What are your remaining goals ? Maybe a gold medal at the London 2012 Olympics ? DN : I think Olympics-wise , that was my big dream just to get there once -- and we did that in Beijing in 2008 . I got to carry the flag for Germany and led my nation into the stadium which , to this day , is one of the greatest days of my life . So to me , that chapter is kind of over and done with . I do n't know if I could top that in any way .	German-born NBA star Dirk Nowitzki comes from a very sporty home Says his parents are his biggest fans , but dad is also biggest critic He 's Germany 's second highest paid sportsman but says he 's never been motivated by money
CNN  -- A refugee and mother of three young boys who is being held in indefinite detention in Australia has two days to convince the country 's highest court why she should be freed . It 's her last shot at overturning a government policy which was recently condemned by a United Nations Human Right Committee report as "  cruel , inhuman and degrading . " Failure will mean that Ranjini , a 34-year-old Sri Lankan refugee , will continue to be held without trial for the foreseeable future , for reasons that remain a national secret . And she 's not the only one . "  The core issues in Ranjini 's case are common to more than 50 other refugees deemed a security risk and has serious implications for their liberty too , " said her lawyer David Manne , who as the executive director of Australia 's Refugee and Immigration Legal Centre , is representing most of the refugees involved . Ranjini is seeking to be released into the community to live with her family , the two young boys she fled with who are now aged seven and nine , her new husband and their eight-month-old child . "  It has caused Ranjini , her boys and her husband profound distress and harm , " Manne said . "  Every day of detention is another day of damage . " CNN is unable to verify details of Ranjini 's story with the Australian Department of Immigration and Citizenship  DIAC  because it will not comment on individual cases . Ranjini 's supporters say they suspect her detention has something to do with her former husband , a Tamil who was killed during fighting in Sri Lanka , though that is unable to be confirmed . Fleeing Sri Lanka Ranjini fled Sri Lanka in 2008 with her two sons Pirai and Kathir -- then aged four and two -- two years after her husband and their father was killed in the civil war . They 're from the Vanni region , where the United Nations has alleged both the government and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  targeted civilians , according to a report released in March 2011 . They first went to India , but Ranjini struggled to care for her family so paid a people smuggler to board a boat to Australia . During what she has described as a "  painful " journey , the boat ran out of fuel and was eventually intercepted by the Australian Navy who took the bedraggled and by now desperate asylum seekers to Christmas Island for processing . Ranjini and her sons were moved to the Australian cities of Perth , then Adelaide before being released to community detention in Brisbane in 2011 . In September of the same year , Ranjini and the boys were granted refugee status . Their three-year quest for safety and freedom was over . Or so she thought . OPINION : Australian parties in race to bottom on asylum issue Back in detention In December 2011 , Ranjini met a man , Ganesh , who is also from Sri Lanka but was living in Australia as a permanent resident , working as an I.T. consultant in Melbourne . The Immigration Department gave them permission to marry , and in April 2012 they exchanged vows in a traditional Tamil ceremony witnessed by 200 guests . However , within one month , Ranjini was back in custody . Immigration officials summoned the family to a meeting to inform them that she had failed a security test and would be detained indefinitely . She and the boys were flown to the Villawood Detention Center in Sydney . The next day she found out she was pregnant with Ganesh 's child . Born into custody Baby Paari was born in January , 2013 , and lives with his mother in detention . "  I ca n't take the baby out , because if I take him out he 'll cry , " Ganesh told CNN . "  Once I tried but I could n't keep him calm . After 10 minutes he started crying so I took him back . " He has taken Paari into the car park for photos ; cameras are n't allowed within the detention center . And last month , Ranjini was allowed to visit Ganesh 's home for four hours for a Hindu ceremony called Kolukaddai Kodduthal , which marks the arrival of their baby 's first teeth . As an Australian citizen , Baby Paari is not being detained . Nor are his brothers who were granted permanent residency in June . The elder boys choose to live with their mother during the week , but leave the secure facility every Friday to spend weekends with Ganesh . Ganesh says over the past 16 months the boys have come to realize that other detainees only stay for a month or two while their claims are processed . "  They see people come and go but only their mother ca n't get out . It makes them very sad . They 're starting to realize that their mother is in a difficult situation -- it 's very hard for them , " he said . Detained as national security risk The security test that Ranjini failed was conducted by the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation  ASIO  . According to its website , ASIO says part of its protective security work is "  to assess whether people applying for entry or permanent residence visas have the potential for espionage , have links with a terrorist organization , or may in other ways be a threat to national security . " Refugees who fail the assessment are not told why and they have no right to legal appeal . Because they 're refugees , the country is obliged to offer them protection under international law . But under Australian law , they ca n't be freed . On Wednesday , the High Court of Australia will be asked to assess whether it 's legal under Australian law and the constitution to detain refugees indefinitely and "  whether Australian law puts a different value on liberty for non-citizens , one where liberty is more easily put in jeopardy , " Manne said . It 's not known when the court will release its findings , nor the extent of the potential implications for more than 50 other refugees in the same situation . ` Serious psychological harm ' Australia 's policy of indefinite detention has been harshly criticized in the past , most recently by a special committee of 18 human rights experts assembled by the United Nations . In a report released on August 22 , the committee said the policy was inflicting "  serious psychological harm " on the 46 detainees who brought their complaints , the largest ever against Australia , to the U.N. Human Rights Committee . "  The combination of the arbitrary character of  their  detention , its protracted and/or indefinite duration , the refusal to provide information and procedural rights to  them  and the difficult conditions of detention are cumulatively inflicting serious psychological harm upon them , " the Committee said . The report claimed the policy represented 143 violations of international law and urged Australia to free , compensate and rehabilitate the refugees involved . Ranjini was not one of the detainees who took their complaints to the United Nations , though she is among those being held . The independent reviews Almost one year ago , the Australian government , then led by Julia Gillard , appointed an independent reviewer to examine evidence used by ASIO to determine whether a refugee was a national security risk . It followed an Australian Senate Committee report into the country 's Immigration Detention Network which found that cases of indefinite detention should be subject to review . Of the 10 reviews completed so far by retired Federal Court Judge Margaret Stone , eight of the negative assessments were found to be "  appropriate . " Ranjini 's was one of them . She still does n't know exactly why . "  We did n't expect that outcome , " Ganesh said . "  We were expecting that  the judge  would give a positive indication to release Ranjini . That was very sad for myself and my family . " Political parties vie for asylum votes Australia 's asylum policy has been one of the key issues of the upcoming Australian election to be held on September 7 . Both leading political parties have announced plans that include sending asylum seekers offshore for processing . Under a Labor government , led by Kevin Rudd , asylum seekers found to be refugees would be settled in Papua New Guinea or the island of Nauru . None would be allowed to remain in Australia . The opposition 's policy , led by Tony Abbott , goes a step further and proposes refusing permanent visas to some 32,000 people already in Australia who are waiting for their claims to be processed . Both parties have defended their policies as necessary to discourage the thousands of people who are paying people smugglers to board often unseaworthy boats for the dangerous trip to Australia . "  What we 're seeking to do through these arrangements at the moment is to send a message to people smugglers around the world that the business model is basically undermined , " Rudd said during the policy launch . "  It says if you jump on a boat you 're going to end up in Australia . That does n't apply any more . " Abbott -- who is currently leading pre-election opinion polls -- went one step further over the weekend in announcing that , if he came to power , asylum seekers would be denied government-funded legal assistance , a move the Refugee Council of Australia has slammed as "  disastrous " for people seeking refuge . Abbott would also scrap independent reviews for people like Ranjini , denying them the one opportunity they have for their cases to be re-examined . Ranjini 's court hearing -- hope Neither Ranjini nor her husband will be in court for the hearing in Canberra on Wednesday and Thursday , but they 're both eager for her ordeal to be over . "  We are looking forward to the outcome because she 's been in detention since 2010 -- one way or another she 's been in detention , " he said . Despite the setbacks -- including the independent reviewer 's confirmation of the negative ASIO security assessment -- Ganesh is daring to hope that the High Court will rule in Ranjini 's favor . "  There were two boys , now there are three boys ... I trust the system so at least they will think that because of her family -- myself and the boys are here -- I 'm expecting a positive outcome , " he said .	Refugee held in indefinite detention taking case to the High Court of Australia Ranjini is seeking to be freed into the community to live with her family She 's been detained indefinitely since May 2012 after failing an ASIO security test Her case has "  serious implications " for more than 50 others in same situation
North Korea has agreed to halt nuclear tests , long-range missile launches and enrichment activities at its Yongbyon nuclear complex in exchange for food aid from the United States , the State Department said Wednesday . The state-run North Korean news agency , KCNA , announced the agreement separately . "  Today 's announcement represents a modest first step in the right direction . We , of course , will be watching closely and judging North Korea 's new leaders by their actions , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday before the House Appropriations Committee . In return for the moratorium on nuclear activities at this key site , the United States has agreed to a package of 240,000 metric tons of nutritional assistance to North Korea . According to State Department officials who briefed reporters on condition of not being identified , the nutritional assistance will include corn-soy blend , beans , vegetable oils and ready-to-eat therapeutic food . There will be intensive monitoring to assure that the delivery is made to those in need and not diverted to the military or government elites , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said in a statement . "  The DPRK  Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  has also agreed to the return of IAEA inspectors to verify and monitor the moratorium on uranium enrichment activities at Yongbyon and confirm the disablement of the 5-MW reactor and associated facilities , " Nuland said . KCNA published comments from a spokesman for North Korea 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , saying the latest deal is part of an effort to improve relations between the two countries . "  The U.S. reaffirmed that it no longer has hostile intent toward the DPRK and that it is prepared to take steps to improve the bilateral relations in the spirit of mutual respect for sovereignty and equality , " the spokesman said , according to the news agency . "  The U.S. also agreed to take steps to increase people-to-people exchanges , including in the areas of culture , education , and sports , " the Foreign Affairs Ministry spokesman said . The White House echoed Clinton 's comments , with press secretary Jay Carney telling reporters that North Korea must demonstrate it is implementing the moratorium on nuclear activities at Yongbyon before further progress can occur . "  Commitments are one thing , following up is another , " Carney said . Wednesday 's announcement comes just after Glyn Davies , the U.S. special representative for North Korea policy , returned from a meeting in Beijing with a North Korean delegation to discuss the North 's nuclear program and the possibility of resuming U.S. food assistance to the country . It was the first meeting between U.S. and North Korean officials since the December death of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il and the transition in leadership to his son Kim Jong Un . Davies described the talks as "  substantive " when they ended Friday but did not announce any breakthrough at that point . From Beijing , he traveled to South Korea and Japan to brief officials on the discussions . He also met with Chinese officials before departing Beijing . The State Department officials who briefed reporters said the North Korean regime deserved credit for reaching out so soon after Kim Jong Il 's death . "  It shows that the new ... administration in Pyongyang is picking up where the previous one left off . And that 's great ; that 's good , " one State Department official said . "  And they 're doing it within the 100-day mourning period that 's self-declared in North Korea . So it shows that they 're interested with some alacrity to reach out , to get back to the table , and begin to try to make diplomatic progress , and I think that 's a positive sign . " In an interview with CNN in Morocco last weekend , Clinton said she saw glimmers of progress after the meetings between Davies and the North Korean delegation . "  We 've always said that we are willing to talk , " she said . "  This is the first time that , under this new leader , we 've had this opportunity , and we 'll follow through . " The latest development follows years of stalemate and tension surrounding North Korea 's nuclear program . Pyongyang agreed to curtail its nuclear activities in exchange for aid in an agreement reached in the so-called six-party talks in September 2005 . Under the plan , the North agreed to abandon its nuclear programs in exchange for economic and diplomatic incentives . The deal fell apart after North Korea conducted nuclear tests in 2006 and 2009 and later disclosed a previously unknown uranium enrichment program that provided a second path to a bomb in addition to the already known plutonium program .	The White House says North Korea must now carry out the moratorium The deal was reached after talks in Beijing It was the first meeting since the death of Kim Jong Il Secretary Clinton noted glimmers of progress on North Korea after the meeting
CNN  -- AC/DC rhythm guitarist Malcolm Young is ill and is "  taking a break , " the band posted on its website Wednesday . But the hugely popular group will continue , AC/DC said in the statement . "  After forty years of life dedicated to AC/DC , guitarist and founding member Malcolm Young is taking a break from the band due to ill health . Malcolm would like to thank the group 's diehard legions of fans worldwide for their never-ending love and support , " the statement said . "  In light of this news , AC/DC asks that Malcolm and his family 's privacy be respected during this time . The band will continue to make music . " Young , 61 , formed the group in 1973 in Sydney , Australia , with his brother Angus . The statement did not reveal what his illness was , though rumors have swirled since an e-mail was sent to a Perth , Australia , radio station earlier this week . Mark Gable , a fellow musician , told Australia 's ABC Radio that Malcolm Young "  is sick . ... It 's not just that he is unwell , it 's that it is quite serious . " Gable 's remarks were reported in the Sydney Morning Herald . The hard-rocking group , whose albums include the multimillion-selling "  Back in Black " and "  For Those About to Rock  We Salute You  , " quickly rose in the music world thanks to their terse riffs and tireless touring . Lead guitarist Angus Young , then and now , is known for wearing a schoolboy uniform on stage . Bon Scott , who sang lead for the band in the '70s , died in 1980 just as "  Highway to Hell " became AC/DC 's breakthrough album . He was replaced by Brian Johnson , who sang on AC/DC 's biggest chart hits , including "  You Shook Me All Night Long " and "  Thunderstruck . " The group has continued putting out million-sellers to the present day . AC/DC 's most recent studio album , "  Black Ice "  2008  , debuted at No. 1 in 29 countries -- including the United States -- sold 6 million copies and produced the Grammy-winning track "  War Machine . " It was the second biggest-selling album of the year . Malcolm Young 's guitar has been a major part of the AC/DC sound -- a sound often slammed by rock critics but beloved by fans of hard rock and heavy metal . Other guitarists , including Megadeth 's Dave Mustaine , rank him highly . Young has said he 's proud of the band 's straightforward , powerhouse crunch . "  People can go out and hear R.E.M. if they want deep lyrics , but at the end of the night , they want to go home and get f ***** ! That 's where AC/DC comes into it , " he once said . AC/DC is one of the biggest-selling bands in music history , ranking 10th on the Recording Industry of America list with more than 70 million albums sold .	AC/DC rhythm guitarist Malcolm Young is ill , says the band 61-year-old guitarist is "  taking a break , " but the band will continue Rumors have swirled about AC/DC 's future Band is one of top sellers of all time
Washington  CNN  -- Secret Service Director Julia Pierson , called to Capitol Hill to explain misbehavior by her agents , insisted the problems were not reflective of the broader culture at her agency . "  These are isolated incidents of misconduct and we 're working every day to correct our behavior , " Pierson told reporters Tuesday after leaving a closed meeting with top senators on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee . But there have been numerous incidents of misconduct in recent years . In the latest , three agents who were part of the President 's advance security detail were sent home from the Netherlands after one of them was found passed out in a hotel hallway after a night of drinking . Also , a Secret Service officer in Florida was involved in a traffic accident and alcohol use was suspected . "  We 're human and we make mistakes , " Pierson said when asked why the agency continues to be plagued by such problems . Chairman Tom Carper of Delaware said just a "  handful " of Secret Service members are "  shaming and smearing " the agency , which employs thousands of people . He said he discussed with Pierson modifying hiring and firing rules and making other policy changes if they would help her deal with the problem . "  All of us are human , all of us have temptation and some of these jobs , they travel a lot , they 're away from home a lot . They have their own foibles , " Carper said . "  This director is very committed to making sure there 's a set of discipline policy standards to follow . " Pierson , a Secret Service veteran , is the first woman to head the agency . She was appointed to the post by President Obama about a year ago in the wake of an incident involving drinking and prostitutes ahead of the President 's 2012 visit to Cartagena , Colombia . "  I have made clear to the entire workforce that I will not tolerate unprofessional behavior or misconduct at any level -- both on and off duty , " Pierson told the senators , according to prepared remarks released by the Secret Service . "  I remain committed to swiftly and vigorously addressing any instances of misconduct that are brought to my attention . " Pierson told the senators she has instituted several changes beyond those including appointing a chief integrity officer , centralizing the discipline process at the agency , and implementing enhanced ethics and integrity training for employees . Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , was one of a handful of senators to go to the hour-long meeting , which was also attended by Pierson 's boss , Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson . "  We 've got to get to the bottom of this because it 's important to our government to have the Secret Service carry itself with the highest of standards that we expect of them , not only to make sure that ... the President of the United States but all of our leaders are protected , " said Ayotte who likened recent incidents to a "  fraternity party . " Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma , the top Republican on the committee , told CNN the senators outlined in the meeting suggestions to the agency to deal with problem but he would n't say what those suggestions were . He said he has confidence in Pierson to stay on the job and deal with the issues . "  She 's obviously embarrassed because it 's a reflection on her management but I 'm willing to give her the benefit of the doubt right now and see if things do n't change , " Coburn said . 2 Secret Service supervisors under investigation in misconduct probe Report : No problem with Secret Service response to Colombia scandal Reports include allegations of misconduct Secret Service , hire more women	Three agents were sent home from the Netherlands after a night of drinking One of the agents was found passed out in a hotel hallway Senators were concerned about other episodes involving agents in recent years Agency head Julia Pierson says the problems do n't reflect the culture of the Secret Service
CNN  -- The most senior surviving Khmer Rouge leader , Nuon Chea , has been declared fit for trial by a United Nations-backed court in Cambodia , the agency said Friday . Nuon , the right-hand man to late leader Pol Pot and a former Cambodian prime minister , is reportedly 86 years old and is accused of murder and torture . He waived his right to be present in court Friday because of health reasons , including heart disease , the United Nations said . Earlier this month , former Khmer Rouge foreign minister Ieng Sary died in Phnom Penh at age 87 , said the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia , the U.N.-backed court . He was Pol Pot 's brother-in-law and escaped judgment for war crimes . The communist Khmer Rouge regime under Pol Pot was blamed for the deaths of some 1.7 million people through torture , execution , hard labor and starvation from 1975 to 1979 .	Most senior surviving Khmer Rouge leader has been declared fit for trial Nuon Chea was the right-hand man to late Cambodian leader Pol Pot Khmer Rouge regime under Pol Pot blamed for the deaths of 1.7 million people
CNN Student News  -- April 6 , 2012 Download a PDF map related to today 's show : Colorado State University ; Santa Cruz , California ; Augusta , Georgia Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Washington  CNN  -- GOP critics cranked up the political heat Thursday on Attorney General Eric Holder , threatening impeachment and accusing him of withholding information from Congress about Operation Fast and Furious , a severely flawed and discredited federal gun-sting program . At the end of a long , combative day of testimony before the Republican-controlled House Judiciary Committee , California GOP Rep. Darrell Issa compared Holder to disgraced Nixon-era Attorney General John Mitchell . Holder shot back by comparing Issa to Sen. Joe McCarthy , the infamous Wisconsin Republican censured by the Senate in 1954 for leading what critics called a Communist witch hunt . "  As they said in the McCarthy hearings , have you no shame ? " asked Holder , referencing a famous retort to McCarthy . Holder acknowledged mistakes were made , but said he would not resign over the controversy . The attorney general , accusing the GOP of playing political games , said he also did n't think any of his top aides should step down . Operation Fast and Furious , which started in 2009 , allowed illegally purchased firearms to be taken from gun stores in Arizona across the Mexican border to drug cartels . The intent of the operation was to monitor the flow of weapons to their ultimate destination . However , hundreds of weapons were lost or unaccounted for , and a storm of outrage erupted when two of the missing weapons were found at a site where Border Patrol agent Brian Terry was killed in December 2010 . Democrats and Republicans have since been at odds over who knew what about the operation and when . Wisconsin GOP Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner told Holder Thursday that "  heads should roll " over the matter . "  There is really no responsibility within the Justice Department , " Sensenbrenner said . "  The thing is , if we do n't get to the bottom of this -- and that requires your assistance on that -- there is only one alternative that Congress has and it is called impeachment . " Sensenbrenner did not make clear whether he was referring to the possible impeachment of Holder or other top Justice Department officials . Blame for the botched operation "  must go to your desk , " Issa , the GOP 's point man on investigating Fast and Furious , told Holder . Congress has been "  systematically lied to " by department officials , he alleged . For his part , Holder told committee members the operation relied on "  unacceptable tactics " and was "  inexcusable . " But he insisted that Justice Department officials have cooperated with congressional investigators , and he said that any previous misleading information provided on the matter was not part of an intentional deception . "  It all has to do with your state of mind and whether or not you had the requisite intent to come up with something that can be considered perjury or  a  lie , " Holder said . The attorney general tried to turn the tables on his GOP critics , accusing them of engaging in "  inflammatory and inappropriate rhetoric ... in an effort to score political points . " It 's time to end "  politically motivated ` gotcha ' games , " he said . While Holder and his critics vehemently disagreed over the extent of executive-legislative cooperation in the Fast and Furious investigation , they agreed that the deadly fallout from the operation is not over . Fast and Furious is "  going to continue to have tragic consequences , " Holder said at one point in Thursday 's hearing . "  More people are going to die , probably , " said Rep. Ted Poe , a Texas Republican . "  Unfortunately , I think that 's probably true , " Holder replied . Last month , Holder testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee that the controversial operation "  should never have happened , and ... must never happen again , " hitting hard at the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives practice that has now tarnished his tenure at the Justice Department . Despite Holder 's insistence that Congress has never been intentionally misled in the matter , a number of Republicans have called for him to step down . Last month , Arizona Rep. Paul Gosar said the attorney general 's "  refusal to take responsibility for the actions of his department is inexcusable . " Earlier this week , Issa , head of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , said he is broadening his investigation to also include recent allegations of U.S. agents laundering money for Mexican cartels -- accusations that have infuriated officials on both sides of the border . "  These allegations , if true , raise further unsettling questions about a Department of Justice component engaging in a high-risk strategy with scant evidence of success , " Issa said in a letter to Holder . "  The existence of such a program again calls your leadership into question , " Issa added . Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , said Wednesday that Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer should also resign because he misled Congress about his awareness of a February 4 letter that denied any gunrunning operation existed . The Justice Department recently withdrew the letter due to inaccurate information , and Grassley said that e-mails turned over to congressional investigators showed Breuer saw various versions of the letter -- including the final one submitted to Congress -- before it was sent in February . In addition , Grassley said Breuer knew in 2010 of a previous gunrunning operation by the ATF in the Bush administration , but he failed to notify superiors or Congress about it . "  Mr. Breuer 's failure to be candid and forthcoming before this body irreparably harms his credibility , " Grassley said , later adding : "  Mr. Breuer has lost my confidence in his ability to effectively serve the Justice Department . If you ca n't be straight with the Congress you do n't need to be running the Criminal Division . It is time to stop spinning and start taking responsibility . " In response , Justice Department spokeswoman Tracy Schmaler said Breuer "  has acknowledged his mistake in not making -- and therefore not alerting department leadership to -- a connection between the allegations made about Operation Fast and Furious and the unacceptable tactics used years earlier . " But Holder "  continues to have confidence " in Breuer 's ability to lead the department 's Criminal Division , Schmaler said . Breuer and Holder previously apologized to a Senate committee and to Grassley in particular about the false information in the February letter . Both have insisted they did not know the assertions were wrong when the department sent the letter . However , Grassley said Wednesday that the additional documents recently provided to congressional investigators show that Breuer should have been aware that the letter contained false assertions , due to his knowledge of a similar previous program called Operation Wide Receiver . In Mexico , the case has drawn nationwide attention and sharp criticism from top officials , who have long stressed that U.S. weapons are fueling the country 's drug war . The Mexican attorney general 's office demanded a quick U.S. investigation of the matter in March and said authorities must hold accountable anyone who was responsible for the operation . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Tom Cohen , Terry Frieden and Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	NEW : Issa compares Holder to Nixon AG John Mitchell ; Holder asks Issa if he has "  no shame " Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner , R-Wisconsin , raises the prospect of impeachment Holder says GOP critics of Operation Fast and Furious are trying to "  score political points " The program involved illegal gunrunning that failed to keep track of the weapons
The father-in-law of a mother fatally shot in an Idaho Walmart by her 2-year-old son says she did n't have a mean bone in her body . "  Everybody that met her , knew her , loved her , " Terry Rutledge said about Veronica Rutledge , 29 . She died Tuesday after her young son shot her accidentally while they were out shopping with other family members , authorities said . Rutledge -- who put herself through school and was a chemical engineer -- "  was a fun-loving , outgoing , outdoorsy person , " said Terry Rutledge . "  Her family liked to camp , hike , do outdoorsy things . They loved being together , " he said . He said that Veronica Rutledge had carried a gun for years and had extensive training . "  I can not put any blame on my daughter-in-law because I know her , the training she 's had ... I do n't take it lightly ... I can not put any negligence on her part . It was a terrible accident . " Kootenai County Sheriff Ben Wolfinger revealed details of the accident following an autopsy on Wednesday . According to Wolfinger , the toddler removed the 9mm Smith & Wesson semi-automatic handgun from his mother 's new handbag , one that was "  specifically designed for concealed carry of a firearm , " he said . "  The 2-year old removed the firearm from the purse and fired one bullet from the pistol . The bullet struck Mrs. Rutledge in the head , killing her instantly . " The store 's manager , who was nearby at the time , "  stepped in and removed the firearm from the child , " Wolfinger said .	Veronica Rutledge , 29 , was fatally shot by her 2-year-old son Her father-in-law remembers her as outgoing , fun-loving and kind Gun was removed from special-designed purse for concealing firearms
CNN  -- Attempts to purge Muslims from parts of the war-torn Central African Republic have prompted "  a Muslim exodus of historic proportions , " rights group Amnesty International warned Wednesday . International peacekeepers have "  failed to prevent the ethnic cleansing of Muslim civilians in the western part of the Central African Republic , " the group said . Another rights group , Human Rights Watch , also warned Wednesday that the country 's minority Muslim population is "  being targeted in a relentless wave of coordinated violence that is forcing entire communities to leave the country . " The Central African Republic , a former French colony , was plunged into chaos last year after a coalition of mostly Muslim rebels dubbed Seleka ousted President Francois Bozize . They have since been forced out of power , but Christian militias , known as the anti-balaka , which translates as "  anti-machete , " have been allowed to fill the power vacuum , Amnesty International said , with dire consequences for Muslim civilians . "  Anti-balaka militias are carrying out violent attacks in an effort to ethnically cleanse Muslims in the Central African Republic , " said Joanne Mariner , senior crisis response adviser at Amnesty International . "  The result is a Muslim exodus of historic proportions . " The Amnesty International report said international peacekeepers in the country must do more to protect Muslim communities and rein in the anti-balaka militias . There are about 1,600 French troops on the ground , alongside about 6,000 soldiers from an African Union-led peacekeeping force , known as MISCA . Forcible expulsion The rights group also said the backlash against Muslim civilians was foreseeable -- and should have been prevented . "  In power for nearly 10 months , the Seleka were responsible for massacres , extrajudicial executions , rape , torture , and looting , as well as massive burning and destruction of Christian villages , " it said . "  As the Seleka withdrew , the international forces allowed the anti-balaka militias to take control of town after town . The resulting violence and forcible expulsion of Muslim communities were predictable . " For its report , Amnesty International interviewed more than 100 people who witnessed attacks against Muslims firsthand . The worst violence documented was in the northern town of Bossemptele , where at least 100 Muslims were killed in January , it said . Among the dead were women and old men , including an imam in his mid-70s . Other northwestern towns where Muslims communities have been attacked include Bouali , Boyali and Baoro , it said . The spiraling ethnic violence in the Central African Republic has led some observers to fear another genocide like that seen in Rwanda nearly 20 years ago . Antonio Guterres , head of the U.N. refugee agency , said he has "  witnessed in the Central African Republic a humanitarian catastrophe of unspeakable proportions . Massive ethno-religious cleansing is continuing . " He cited "  indiscriminate killings and massacres " and "  shocking barbarity , brutality and inhumanity . " He said he 's "  deeply distressed that nearly half a million Central Africans have been newly displaced since December alone . In all , 2.5 millions are in desperate need . " He said the country is "  falling through the cracks of international attention " and that ca n't be permitted . "  Tens of thousands of people are fleeing the country for their safety , many are trapped with nowhere to go . In Bangui alone , thousands of people are in ghettos in grave conditions , " he said in a statement . He said the international community must act by deploying forces on the ground . "  It is imperative to re-establish security , law and order . For the people of the Central African Republic , safety and security for all is the most urgent priority , " Guterres said . "  Acting in concert , particularly with the support of religious leaders , all actors must enhance mediation and pave the way for the restoration of peace and sustainable reconciliation . " Human Rights Watch highlighted the language used by the anti-balaka militias -- which , it said , "  suggests their intent is to eliminate Muslim residents from the Central African Republic . " "  At this rate , if the targeted violence continues , there will be no Muslims left in much of the Central African Republic , " said Peter Bouckaert , emergencies director at Human Rights Watch . "  People whose families have peacefully lived in the country for centuries are being forced to leave , or are fleeing the very real threat of violence against them . " Human Rights Watch cites the example of a gold trading center , Yaloke , which had an estimated Muslim population of 30,000 and eight mosques before the conflict . When the group visited the town last week , fewer than 500 Muslims and one mosque remained , it said . Fled into exile The medical aid group Doctors Without Borders , or Medecins Sans Frontieres , last week also warned of "  extreme and unprecedented levels " of violence against civilians as Muslim and Christian militia groups clash . "  Although the conflict is complex and all communities are affected by the violence , the minority Muslim community is increasingly targeted , " the group said in a statement . "  In many towns , Muslim groups are isolated and threatened by anti-balaka forces while tens of thousands of Muslims have already left the country into exile in Chad or Cameroon . " The African Union also raised concerns over violence toward Muslim civilians and Chadian nationals . The chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court , Fatou Bensouda , said Friday that she was opening a new investigation into serious abuse allegations . "  In many incidents , victims appear to have been deliberately targeted on religious grounds , " she said Support for peacekeepers A jointly penned column by Presidents Barack Obama and Francois Hollande , published Monday in The Washington Post , said the two nations were working together to confront the crisis , as the French leader pays a state visit to Washington . "  In the Central African Republic , French and African Union soldiers -- backed by American airlift and support -- are working to stem violence and create space for dialogue , reconciliation and swift progress to transitional elections , " it said . The U.N. Security Council voted last month to continue its peacekeeping mission in the country and to authorize the use of force by European Union troops there . The decision came after the nation tapped Catherine Samba-Panza , mayor of the capital of Bangui , as its interim president . She replaced Michel Djotodia , the leader of the Seleka rebels who seized power in March only to step down in January after failing to halt the escalating violence . Last year 's coup was the latest in a series since the country gained independence in 1960 . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : Head of U.N. refugee agency ` deeply distressed ' Amnesty International says peacekeepers have failed to prevent ethnic cleansing Violence has led to a "  Muslim exodus of historic proportions , " says the rights group Christian and Muslim militia groups are warring in the Central African Republic
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- It 's small , affluent , tech-savvy and it has a very obvious pollution problem -- Hong Kong is arguably an ideal destination for electric cars . MyCar , the electric vehicle developed in Hong Kong , would be perfect for the city , but faces big obstacles . And despite the absence of a car-making industry , the city can now boast a home-made electric car all of its own . MyCar , a two-seater micro car , will roll of the production line for the very first time in October and will be available for purchase . But you wo n't find it on sale in Hong Kong . Hong Kong still has n't got its act together when it comes to electric vehicles  EVs  , according to the chief executive of MyCar 's manufacturer , EuAuto Technology , Chung Sin-ling . She says the city lacks the necessary framework and policies that would make it viable for her company to sell MyCar here . So they are heading to Europe instead . "  In London they have government incentives to get people to switch from gasoline to electric vehicles , " explains Chung , citing the waiver of the congestion charge and free parking for EVs in London as an example . "  But that has to be driven by the government . In Hong Kong they are still debating whether to use diesel or whatever . " Hong Kong is not without EVs though . Private organizations like local utility Hong Kong Electric has its own small fleet of them . But according to Chung , the restrictions they have to operate under mean introducing them now into the mass market is n't practical . " -LSB- Hong Kong Electric -RSB- only use them inside their private site and they have to get a very special licence and they ca n't drive outside their site and they are restricted to certain uses , " she says . "  We do n't want those kinds of restrictions . " Make it hip , make it affordable Europe to date has taken the lead when it comes to encouraging motorists to drive cleaner cars . Most notably , London has cracked down on car-related pollution with the introduction of a congestion charge and , more recently , with additional fees for heavier polluting cars to pay on top . Under the rules of the Low Emission Zone , for example , fees as high as $ 400 can be imposed on trucks and vans trying to enter Greater London that are more than six years old . "  There should be very high incentives for people -LSB- to drive EVs -RSB- , " says chairman of local pollution lobby group , Clear the Air , Christian Masset . But Masset says the political will is still not there to promote EVs in the city . He believes it is down to the market to stir up interest . "  This will only happen with market pressure - it is hard to see it otherwise , " says Masset . "  If the EV became hip , then it would have an effect . " But in order for this kind of customer pressure to happen , customers need to want the cars in the first place . That 's about education , says Professor Eric Cheng , director of the Power Electronics Research Center at The Hong Kong Polytechnic University , whose team was involved in the MyCar project . And education needs to come from the government , he says . "  The government is not helping the car user , " says Cheng . "  It has n't put any special mechanism in place , any special law or regulation for motorists to drive EVs . I do n't think the government has done anything to persuade motorists to use EVs . " Hong Kongers are not familiar with EVs he says , and are concerned about the technology so they need to be shown that EVs are just as good as petrol cars . One obvious way to demonstrate that would be to change the public transportation system from diesel-fueled to electric-powered , he says . "  Taxis , minibuses , buses can be forced to go electric but the government is n't doing anything , " says Cheng . The government has in the past offered one-off grants to minibus drivers ranging from $ 7,000 to $ 10,000 to encourage them to convert from diesel to either LPG or electric . However Cheng says stronger measures are needed . "  Voluntary schemes do not work . The government needs to put a mandatory scheme -LSB- in place -RSB- , to start off with public transport so people can get used to it and see that it is good . " And then there is the question of money . Cheng says the amount of money his department received to design MyCar was nowhere near enough and to him , it told him how important the government view EVs . "  The money involved was very small . It was about $ 130,000 for MyCar . It 's nonsense . You need tens of millions of dollars . How can we build a new generation of EVs for Hong Kong ? We need to train the new engineers , the graduates , technicians , " he says . "  Car-makers want subsidies from the government , as the initial costs are very high . The government needs to give them financial support and I am not talking about one or two million Hong Kong dollars . We also need more investment in R&D . " In the meantime Chung is making plans to sell MyCar in London , her first stop the London Motor Show in July to stir up some more interest . One day she hopes to come back to Hong Kong . She says EuAuto Technology is ready now . The market is n't though . And that , she says , is something that is in the government 's hands . "  We want to come here -- as long as the policy is there to make it happen , " says Chung . "  It would be sad and kind of ironic if we can sell them all over the world and not in our own home town . "  We have the customer , the market demand , and the product - we just need the government to support it . "	New electric vehicle , MyCar , developed in Hong Kong , but wo n't be sold there Lack of government and market interest means MyCar will be sold in Europe Large capacity for electric power , especially in public transport
CNN  -- To resolve America 's ongoing , bruising battle over the debt and deficit , House Republican Paul Ryan and Senate Democrat Patty Murray announced a deal on December 10 to halt spending cuts -- mostly in defense -- and lock in a two-year budget agreement to avoid another government shutdown on January 15 . But in eagerly seeking agreement with the Republicans who shut the government down in October , Democrats risk hurting the economy 's fragile recovery by accepting too much budget austerity embedded in the newly adopted budget . President Obama and the Democrats won big over the Republicans in October 's budget fight . Instead of pressing their advantage , Democrats took tax increases for the rich off the table , agreed to cut federal pensions and did not get unemployment benefits extended . The Democrats basically threw away their political gains . The deal repeals less than half of the sequestration cuts planned for 2014 . If Obama and Congress continue their shortsighted obsession with austerity and budget cuts , they ignore the big economic lesson from the past several years : Austerity hurts prosperity . The Congressional Budget Office estimated that repealing the entire 2013-2014 spending cuts would increase Gross Domestic Product by $ 113 billion and create 900,000 additional jobs next year . The October 2013 government shutdown took another $ 24 billion out of the GDP . Unemployment remains stuck around 7 % . Though the deal reduces a bit of fiscal uncertainty , it hardly affected the U.S. growth forecasts for big banks , despite bank economists citing some pessimism because of "  austerity shock " from spending cuts and "  uncertainty shock " from Washington 's continued fiscal battles . Republicans bargain for more cuts and fewer taxes , but cutting military spending makes them nervous , so they attack Social Security and Medicare . The Wall Street-affiliated Democratic group Third Way is helping . It launched an attack on Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Massachusetts , and others who rightly refuse to cut Social Security as part of a long-term budget solution . We all know that Republicans like to defend the wealthy and slash government . But why does austerity , especially cuts to old-age programs , have credibility with Obama and other Democrats ? Advocates of "  grand bargains , " cutting programs to balance the budget , wrongly presume the budget is a fixed quantity . They imagine it like a fixed pie . Programs for the young , like education , must be paid for by cutting other programs , like Social Security . But their belief that a dollar taken from the old will be spent on the young is not only divisive , mean and fierce -- it is wrong . In his December 6 speech on inequality , Obama talked about the sky-high and stubborn child poverty rate : more than 24 % . But cutting Social Security and Medicare will only destabilize the economy and increase the elderly poverty rate . In many countries , programs for elderly people are not traded off against help for the young . When support for old-age programs increases , so does spending on children . Advanced democratic countries ' spending on the elderly is positively correlated with education spending . One analysis shows that a 10 % increase in spending on education is correlated with a 7.3 % increase in spending on pensions . The Congressional Budget Office warns that long-term deficits can hurt the economy . Want to reduce the debt and deficit ? Tax the wealthy , which wo n't hurt the economy . Economists Emmanuel Saez and Thomas Piketty estimate that raising the tax rate for the top 1 % as high as 80 % would generate far more revenue . Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , and Rep. Peter DeFazio , D-Oregon , propose a transactions tax -- a three-penny charge on every $ 100 traded in the stock market , which the Congressional Budget Office estimates would raise $ 352 billion over 10 years . This small tax would also reduce stock churning by speculators , creating a nice secondary benefit . Want to find even more savings ? Sen. Harry Reid , D-Nevada , wisely put tax loopholes that cost the Treasury almost a trillion dollars per year on the table . For example , Reid called for eliminating the small , but noxious , tax break for buying yachts and the $ 17 billion break that comes from taxing private equity , real estate and hedge fund profits as "  carried interest " rather than at the ordinary income rate of 39.6 % instead of the capital gains rate of 20 % . There is one piece of good news : The deficit is coming down , from 9.2 % when Obama took office to 4.1 % of GDP in 2017 . Faster economic growth would shrink the deficit more rapidly . In contrast , further spending cuts will slow the economy and deficit reduction along with it . So , this is no time for Obama to accept a lower budget path , or to consider cuts in Social Security and Medicare . The small budget deficit reductions in this deal -- less than one-half of 1 % of the total debt or $ 23 billion -- would almost pay for extended unemployment benefits for one year at $ 25 billion . Democrats are flinching under continued pressure from Republicans playing out their long game as they ready for another bitter fight when the debt limit is reached next spring . But the President and the Democrats have a winning economic and political strategy : Raise revenues and keep Social Security and Medicare strong . Do n't throw October 's hard-won victory away ; it wo n't help the elderly , it wo n't help children , and it wo n't help the economy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rick McGahey and Teresa Ghilarducci .	Democrats and Republicans reach a deal on the budget Rick McGahey , Teresa Ghilarducci : Austerity in budget will hurt our economy They say President Obama should not make cuts to programs like Social Security McGahey , Ghilarducci : Taxing the wealthy would generate revenue and cut deficit
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton 's book tour resembled the roll out of a new brand , and from my standpoint as a marketer , it looked like a big one handled badly . If , as many suspect , she is running for president in 2016 , she blew the perfect opportunity to present herself as the new Hillary Clinton . In her launch moment , she proved to be so inwardly focused on herself , she missed giving people the emotional release they 've been waiting for : to see what 's new with her and to be excited about the possibility of her being in the field again as a candidate . Two cases in point ; her statement to Diane Sawyer that the Clintons were "  dead broke " upon leaving the White House and her interview with The Guardian suggesting that voters wo n't see her as part of the inequality problem and will gladly accept the Clintons ' net worth of $ 100M + because they pay "  ordinary income taxes . " This may just be too tone deaf and move her dangerously close to the edge of voter exasperation . Clinton 's big miss is that what could have been a moon shot moment for her brand  that 's why they 're called "  launches " and why advertisers spend millions on the Super Bowl  may fizzle into HRC fatigue . She is amazingly qualified but risks being a brand failure . There are several other indicators of a launch gone awry . Book sales in the first week were only one sixth of what they were for her earlier , and very successful , memoir . Commentators from across the spectrum have criticized her public appearances . A Quinnipiac poll released Monday seems to show Clinton 's lead over Christie drooping in Iowa . Today , her husband Bill Clinton even had to step in on her behalf , defending his wife 's response to a query about their wealth . But he had to acknowledge the missteps , noting hers was "  not the most adept answer to a question . " Evidence that this book tour needed to relaunch Clinton can be found in a recent WSJ/NBC survey : 55 % people rate her as competent , but 60 % do n't see her as likable and 62 % do n't regard her as trustworthy . That 's a perceptual trend among voters that has n't changed much since 2008 . The book tour should have been planned to replace the old news about Hillary , with new , inspiring ways to imagine she could lead . By contrast , one of the most successful impresarios of product launches , Steve Jobs , built them into spectacles . He protected the run-up to an announcement like a classified national security secret and then unleashed the event with maximum impact to create brand momentum for Apple over time . Every launch was a new reason to be loyal to Apple , an even better argument for me to be in love . She , instead , leaves us frustrated with important questions unanswered : Will she or wo n't she run ? Does she have the fire ? Does she have a vision for her candidacy ? Why is she doing the tour now , so far ahead of 2016 ? How has she changed ? Does she know that people often ca n't get underneath her thick crust ? Who is she , anyway ? We watch her still back on her heels after all these years . It 's not just the trust and likability issues . It 's also calling out the woman-under-scrutiny card with Diane Sawyer : "  You know you 're being judged , " she said . Well , some say , of course you 're being judged , that 's the point of all this ! It is Clinton 's inward focus that keeps her from connecting and understanding the world in terms other than hers : Clinton has always been about her . Her accomplishments , her slights , her victories . She has always had a hard time connecting her "  her-ness " to us . That makes it very hard for her to establish why she 's relevant to our lives . She seems to refuse to deal with what voters most want to know : What 's in it for me ? Maybe voters today like more the idea of what Clinton represents , the first women presidential contender , than who she actually is . And her inability to connect with people could create an opening for someone else to come in and steal her thunder as the first woman presidential contender . Elizabeth Warren , anyone ? Harvard professor and researcher Amy J.C. Cuddy finds that leaders influence and persuade best when they connect to people first with warmth , followed with competency . Clinton does n't fit into this paradigm at all : She leads with competency and , according to polls like the WSJ/NBC survey , displays little apparent warmth . Successful launches are all about timing and sustained impact . Clinton should have kept the book tour bottled up until she was ready to declare for president because , down the road , we wo n't believe again that she 's coming out to us as new . Consumers -- and competitors -- stick to this pattern and rarely give a brand in business a second chance to be new . A notable exception is Apple , which was veering dangerously close to bankruptcy in 1997 , its stock at a low of $ 6 . In 2012 , Apple 's stock price was over $ 700  before a recent 7-for-1 stock split  and the company was stronger than ever , standing on the shoulders of many successful launches for the brand over the course of 15 years . There are examples of companies that have made old brands successful after numerous attempts that did n't succeed  Old Spice , J. Crew , Burberry , Harley-Davidson , Walmart , UPS  . But it 's hard to find a successful brand that came back after a really bad roll out , proving the point that if you blow it as a brand in a big product launch , you 're really at risk . As a brand , Clinton will always be a rational purchase for voters , not an emotional one . Like a functional Buick that gets you through the snow , is good on gas and always runs , Clinton 's brand has real value . But as she learned in 2008 , you have to explain to your friends why a functional Buick is better than a glamorous Porsche . The good news for Clinton is that politics , unlike business , can be forgiving . After all , she is married to The Comeback Kid . Even so , she has paid a price for the roll out : She seems less inevitable than two weeks ago .	Martha Pease : Hillary Clinton 's book rollout has been criticized She says it was an opportunity for her to redefine her image , connect with people Pease says Clinton 's comments on wealth came across as tone deaf She says Hillary has to show that it 's not about her but about what she could offer voters
London  CNN  -- With the financial crisis in the eurozone , Germany finds itself in a position that everybody seems to envy , except the Germans themselves . The government and a majority of German citizens would like to shine through example rather than action . If only others would emulate the "  German model , " so the argument goes , there would be no crisis in the eurozone . Angela Merkel : Europe 's Mrs. Nein One could easily discard this as the flattering self-image that all patriots have of their own country . But the curious thing is that the critics of Germany come to almost the same conclusion , except that they would admire the German model without the permanent export surplus . Yet , like all such models , it is at best a half-truth . There is a myth that Germans are still traumatized by the hyperinflation of the interwar years , a memory that has somehow become part of the genetic endowment of every German . Peer Steinbrueck : The man who stirred up German politics That 's why the Kohl government insisted on making the European Central Bank a clone of the Bundesbank -- except that the two central banks pursue very different monetary strategies : the ECB does nothing to maintain a permanent export surplus of the euro area as the Bundesbank did for its currency area back then . The Bundesbank achieved this exactly as China achieves it today : instead of selling all the foreign exchange it earned from its export surplus , it hoarded vast foreign exchange reserves . This prevented an appreciation of the Deutschmark because piling up these reserves means somebody expresses huge demand for dollars , francs and pounds . Watch : Merkel says Europe has lost competitiveness But there is one snag . Handing out your own currency against all these foreign exchange earnings can create inflation and thus real appreciation : the price of domestic goods rises in terms of foreign goods and makes domestic goods more expensive . So the Bundesbank reined in domestic credit supply -- according to the jargon , it sterilized  or counteracted  the expansion of the money supply through trade by reducing the money supply that is generated in domestic credit . All this is to say that what explains the anti-inflationary stance of German monetary policy was not the trauma of the 1920s but the Bundesbank playing its part in maintaining export surpluses . It actually had a worse inflation record than the ECB and back then , it did not think that 2 % inflation was the tolerable maximum : as long as the trading partners had a higher one , why care about such a number ? Such an undervaluation strategy makes perfect sense -- and only perfect sense -- when you are concerned about employment and demand for your products . It 's a Keynesian concern . This , then , is the second myth that Germans and the country 's critics share : the German lands are populated by "  ordoliberals , " a Teutonic version of small-but-strong-state liberalism that is anti-Keynesian . It was certainly different from the United States with its then-fashionable version of Keynesianism , namely domestic pump priming . US administrations criticized the German authorities for their macroeconomic strategy of begging the transatlantic neighbor just as they criticize the Chinese authorities today . Pushed into a corner , the accused would always say they did not interfere  Germany  or act in self-defense  China  . But Keynes knew about beggar-thy-neighbor policies that countries with underemployment pursue , even if he did not endorse them . Does the performance of Germany today not prove that its success is down to the fact that the Germans work so hard and save so much ? That 's another convenient myth that the critics grudgingly concede . What does n't quite fit the myth is that Germans have relatively low annual working hours in comparison with other nations . Labor market reforms in the early 2000s helped to create more jobs with fewer hours , and the hours each employee works have gone down further over the past decade . While the overall volume of work went up by less than 3 % between 2002 and 2012 , the number of people in work went up by almost 6 % . Read more : Eurozone crisis tarnishes Germany 's ` Iron Lady ' There are also many more jobs that are poorly paid . Together with the UK , Germany is the Western European country with the highest share of low wage workers . These are defined as workers that earn less than two thirds of the national median wage : 22 % of all those employed in Germany are low-paid , only Poland  24 %  , Romania  26 %  and Latvia  28 %  have higher shares . Labor market reforms arguably scared organized labor into accepting wage increases below the rise in productivity , so unit labor costs fell . Such state-induced and coordinated wage competition is new . It helps maintain the export surplus but it busts the myth that German competitiveness is all about quality products and not wage costs . As to savings : the world was recently surprised by a report of the ECB that showed how little wealth Germans have accumulated if they supposedly save so much . The puzzle has been solved : first of all , Germans get their old age security from public pensions rather than from home-ownership but pensions were excluded from the survey . German firms hold more capital than most others in Europe . The discrepancy between the value of domestic production and the value of domestic consumption mostly accrues to firms , making the wealth distribution one of the most unequal in Europe . All of this means that what German wage earners consume has much lower value than what they produce  and earn in wages  , and not that Germans are constantly tightening their belts . Another myth busted . The unfortunate consequence of these myths is that they harden Germany 's stance towards a solution to the crisis in the eurozone . If their success as an export nation has supposedly nothing to do with policies and is all due to hard work and avid saving , then indeed why should the others not become "  more like us ? " But if Germany still pursues beggar-thy-neighbor policies in order to create more jobs , the hard work is on average now just less well-paid work , and the savings are disproportionately enriching firms , then perhaps even Germans will see that something is wrong , and that continuing to behave like a successful emerging market is not a model for the rest of the Eurozone , not only because it beggars-the-neighbors but also because it does little for ordinary people in Germany . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Waltraud Schelkle .	Many in struggling countries across the eurozone envy Germany 's strong economy Economist Waltraud Schelkle says the "  German model " is not as perfect as it may appear Schelkle : Germany 's beggar-my-neighbor policies also hurt the country 's own people Germany has the highest share of low wage workers in Western Europe
CNN  -- Democrats spend so much time defending President Obama , it is easy to forget that even the most beloved presidents make mistakes and missteps . His new budget , which proposes a method of calculating inflation that will reduce increases in Social Security payments , is a doozy . Reps. Keith Ellison and Raul Grijalva , co-chairs of the Progressive Caucus , have been raising the alarm for months . Reps. Alan Grayson and Mark Takano circulated a letter firmly pledging to vote against any social safety net cuts . As of this moment , 33 representatives have signed . Now , Obama is also getting pushback from outside Congress . Opposition runs the political gamut from the AFL-CIO to nonpartisan AARP to anti-tax activist Grover Norquist . A coalition of grass-roots organizations has organized to stop the cuts . It includes the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , MoveOn.org , Democracy for America , Social Security Works , Credo Action , my organization Rebuild the Dream and more . Many of these groups supported the president in 2012 . On Tuesday , they presented the signatures of more than 2 million Americans opposed to cutting Social Security , Medicare or Medicaid benefits . Some may call this a knee-jerk response from liberals who would oppose any adjustments to New Deal programs . They are wrong . Progressives must be willing to reform programs such as Social Security , precisely because they are so important . The question is how ? There are better solutions that the president could champion . For example , we could shore up Social Security for decades by raising the cap on taxable income -- so that it is not just poor and middle-class folks whose entire paychecks are taxed . But Obama 's plan leaves that cap in place -- protecting the wealthiest Americans . Instead of asking more from the rich to shore up Social Security , his proposed budget would take more from the middle class and poor . Do n't let all the D.C. jargon fool you . Some in Washington would have us believe that Obama 's "  Chained CPI " proposal is a mere tweak that more accurately reflects costs . Not true . By changing the fine print on cost-of-living adjustments , Obama 's plan would ensure that benefits rise more slowly than inflation . That would have devastating impacts on ordinary people immediately upon passage , hurt more tomorrow and get worse each year . Under his plan , as food and medicine gets more expensive , your Social Security check would grow only a tiny bit . This approach may help the government 's balance sheet , but it would hurt your pocketbook and your family . It is not cost savings ; it is cost-shifting . To people who paid into the program for their entire lives , it is a cut -- plain and simple . Prices are rising even faster than inflation on things such as health care , which the elderly consume at a greater rate . The most accurate adjustment for inflation would actually give senior citizens more -- not less , which is what they would get under Obama 's proposal . Our leaders should be trying to make life easier for middle-class families , not harder . Second , we are told that we can not balance the budget without cutting the social safety net . But we did n't get into a budgetary hole because we spent too much money helping grandma . We have a budget imbalance because of the Bush wars and Bush tax cuts , combined with the economic downturn . Yet the Obama budget eliminates the recent automatic cuts to the Pentagon budget , even as it cuts Social Security and increases Medicare premiums for middle-class seniors . It does n't make any sense . The administration says these cuts would come about only in the context of a so-called "  balanced " compromise . But the numbers tell a different story . Economist Dean Baker notes that these cuts would hit the average retiree three times as hard as the recent tax increases hit the top 1 % . Budgets are a vision for the country expressed in dollars . Obama 's budget is far better than the Republican alternative . But it is time to start expecting more from the man elected twice to speak for the middle class . Bad ideas from a great president are still bad ideas . Everyone who pulled the lever for Obama in November should call the White House today , and say simply : Mr. President , this is not change we can believe in . Note : An earlier version of this article incorrectly said that President Obama was the first Democratic president to propose changes to reduce future Social Security benefits . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Van Jones .	Van Jones : Obama 's budget proposed changes that will hurt Social Security recipients He says opposition to new formula for calculating inflation increases is strong Jones : Do n't reduce benefits , raise cap on Social Security taxes so wealthy pay more Even a great president can make mistakes , and Obama made one here , he says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In the latest Bond movie "  Skyfall , " Daniel Craig 's 007 pursues an assassin up a glass skyscraper in the dead of night and meets a glamorous casino host with a troubled past . The action could plausibly have taken place in any of the world 's major metropolises but the film makers chose Shanghai and Macau , two of China 's most dynamic cities . It reflects the growing importance of China as a market for Hollywood movies and Chinese backdrops , themes and actors are likely to become only more commonplace . But appealing to Chinese audiences is fraught with difficulty as the makers of "  Skyfall , " which has fallen foul of Chinese censors , have discovered . Censors cut a key scene and altered subtitled dialogue in the movie , which opened in China on Monday . Its release was also reportedly delayed to help boost the box office takings of rival homegrown movies . Read more : Opinion : Censorship row reveals tolerant side of China 's new leadership According to The Hollywood Reporter , the offending scene showed the shooting of a security guard in the lobby of a Shanghai skyscraper by the French assassin being chased by Bond . Later in the movie , at a casino in Macau , 007 asks Severine  Berenice Marlohe  about her tattoo . The Chinese subtitles hint at mob connections , removing a reference to her becoming a prostitute at a young age as per the original . Read more : Chinese newspaper in eye of censorship storm back on sale And references to the backstory of Javier Bardem 's rogue MI6 agent were culled to avoid giving attention his role in stalling Hong Kong 's handover to China , the Yangzi Evening News reported . Such censorship is not uncommon for Hollywood films released in China , says Rance Pow , founder of Artisan Gateway , a Shanghai-based film and cinema consultancy , and every film released in China is subject to the censorship bureau 's approval . Read more : Censorship protest a test for China Scenes deemed offensive were also removed from "  Men in Black 3 " and the "  Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End . " Movies featuring social unrest , religion , political matters , sex and violence are likely to face extra scrutiny , said Pow . "  Part of this is rooted in the fact that China still does not have a movie rating system and so the burden of determining what is appropriate for the general public to see falls on the  censor  , " he said . Read more : Chinese censors block news on blind activist 's escape Domestic film producers , like Li Peisen , the chairman of Orange Sky Entertainment , say pleasing censors is common sense and part of doing business in China . "  I think foreign movies have to use Chinese elements carefully . There has to be a mix of positive and negative portrayal , " Li told CNN . It 's understandable  why censors want to remove certain scenes  if a movie contains only a few China scenes and the Chinese characters either get killed or appear in negative roles like prostitutes . " Other challenges Hollywood faces as it vies for its share of the Chinese box office -- now the world 's second largest -- include rampant piracy and efforts by authorities to protect homegrown films . China relaxed its quota system for U.S. films last year but still only allows 34 movies a year -- up from 20 previously . To circumvent the quota , many U.S. studios are launching tie-ups with their Chinese counterparts to get preferential access but these co-productions , as they are known , have mixed results . There is also widespread industry speculation that China rigs release dates to favor domestic movies . Pow says that "  Skyfall " and "  The Hobbit , " scheduled to be released later this year , may have fallen prey to this : "  December is traditionally a month where Chinese films enjoy a period where no imported ... titles are released in China . " Illegal downloading too takes its toll on the film industry . Chinese audiences can easily access a copy of the original "  Skyfall " should they wish to see the uncut version , but this does not necessarily hurt box office takings , said Pow . "  The publicity surrounding heavy censorship creates greater awareness so while illegal downloading will go up , ticket sales at cinemas will also go up , " he said . "  It can spin both ways . " CNN 's Steven Jiang and Zhang Dayu in Beijing contributed reporting to this story	Chinese censors cut key scene , alter dialogue in latest Bond movie "  Skyfall " was partly set in Shanghai and Macau More Hollywood movies featuring Chinese storylines and backdrops China now has world 's second largest box-office takings
CNN  -- Four years since a 9.0-magnitude earthquake spawned massive walls of water that swept across the Indian Ocean , leaving more than 230,000 dead according to a United Nations estimate , improvements can be seen in many of the devastated areas , humanitarian groups said . Laborers work on a construction site in a fishing village in Indonesia 's Aceh on December 21 . Hundreds of thousands were left homeless and jobless after the tsunami , and poor and isolated communities were left even worse off . Today , new schools have been constructed , and armies of workers -- many of them volunteers -- have cleared and rebuilt homes and towns , and helped get people back to work . "  The tsunami , despite being a horrific event , also provided a lot of opportunities for those countries , " said Jonathan Cauldwell , chief of UNICEF 's Tsunami Transition Support . "  It brought a peace dividend within Banda Aceh  Indonesia  where you still see peace in an area which had long term localized conflict in place . It allowed those areas to be built up as well , to have investments in the infrastructure in the social sectors ... , " he added . Agencies such as UNICEF said that while the immediate emergency was over , they remain committed to improving the lives of millions of children across the region . "  The lessons of the tsunami will never end . The funding will end , we can complete the construction , we can complete the project , but the intervention never ends ... , " Cauldwell said . Oxfam International , which said it will close its response to the tsunami at the end of December , said it has provided housing to tsunami survivors in Aceh , helped restore the livelihoods of people in India and Sri Lanka , and funded the reconstruction of eight tsunami-affected secondary schools . "  The money we received allowed us not only to help meet the immediate emergency needs of tsunami-affected populations , but also to try to address the factors that made them vulnerable : not least poverty and a lack of influence over their own lives , " Barbara Stocking , chair of the Oxfam International Tsunami Fund Board , said in a statement . "  What has been achieved is astounding . Hundreds of thousands of people are now living in better conditions than they were in before the tsunami ... , " she added . UNICEF said the basic needs of children affected by the tsunami have been met -- more children are going to school as a result of improved facilities , and better nutrition , post-natal care and other life-saving interventions are helping those countries worst hit transition to developing regular services and programs . But long-term improvement of water and sanitation is critical , the agency said , and so is building new schools that are better able to withstand earthquakes . According to UNICEF and Oxfam , the response to the tsunami and the lessons learned have changed the way they deal with such emergencies . It highlighted the need for better coordination among partners and other organizations , and contributed to reforms in the way humanitarian relief is delivered .	The devastation of the 2004 tsunami stretched across the Indian Ocean Hundreds of thousands left homeless , and poor and isolated communities worse off Humanitarian groups have helped rebuild schools , homes , and get people working Groups say long-term improvement of water and sanitation is critical
Washington  CNN  -- When Tom Harkin supporters Joan and Gary Kiernan decided to throw the congressional candidate a fundraiser in 1972 , they charged $ 2 for the ticket , picked up the costs for the steak , salad and baked potatoes and gave the funds raised to Harkin 's campaign . Reported attendance : 20 people . Forty-two years , 37 Harkin Steak Fry events and countless pounds of beef later , the event that started as a small fundraiser for a little-known congressional candidate has turned into the most important political event in Iowa and a must-stop for Democrats thinking about a run for the presidency . " Harkin himself declared his candidacy for president at the event in 1991 , putting the event on the presidential map . Democratic presidential nominee Bill Clinton came to Iowa the next year to address 5,000 excited Iowa supporters at the most attended event to date . In 2006 , then-Sen . Barack Obama spoke at the steak fry , delivering a speech that helped catapult him into presidential contention . Obama was back in 2007 , joined by Hillary Clinton and other Democratic contenders vying for the presidency . More than 15,000 people attended the 2007 event . Clinton went on to finish a disappointing third in 2008 , a finish that was an early sign of things to come for her first presidential run . But she will be back this year for the final installment of the steak fry ; Harkin is retiring from the Senate next year . Bill and Hillary Clinton are headlining Sunday 's event , raising the specter that the former first lady and secretary of state will consider running for president in 2016 . Clinton has admitted she is considering a run and this weekend will be the first time she visits Iowa -- the critically important first-in-the-nation caucus state -- in six years . Republicans are hoping to remind Iowans of that failure , but with 2016 hopes anew , Clinton 's most ardent supporters are starting to organize in Iowa . Ready for Hillary , a super PAC urging Clinton to run for president and staffed by some of her former aides , has been running phone banks in Iowa and Washington , D.C. , urging Democrats to buy tickets and attend the event . The night before the event , Executive Director Adam Parkhomenko said the PAC would make its first donation to a campaign . It will max its donation to Bruce Braley , giving the Senate hopeful $ 2,600 at a fund-raiser . The group has also purchased a billboard in Des Moines , plans to bus supporters from local colleges to the event and will hand out lawn signs and free T-shirts . "  Ready for Hillary and our supporters look forward to honoring Sen. Tom Harkin 's legacy and continuing our work to support Iowa Democrats in 2014 , " the group said in an email to supporters , making no mention of Clinton 's possible 2016 bid . But the group has also committed an undisclosed , sizable amount of money to promoting the event . Ready for Hillary will have 100 volunteers at the steak fry , some of whom have flown in from around the country . The PAC is committed to not only bus students from local colleges , but will also pay their entry fee for the event . There is a reason for this spending . While a spokesman for the group said they consider it "  an investment in Iowa and organizing here , " Ready for Hillary also will receive the names of all the event attendees in a swap with the state Democratic Party . Those emails will in turn be used to organize future PAC events in the Hawkeye State . "  I think it is fair to say that this last steak fry was going to be an iconic event no matter what , " said Jerry Crawford , who served as Hillary Clinton 's Midwest co-chair during her 2008 campaign . "  But now with Bill and Hillary Clinton both there , it probably becomes the more important event in Iowa Democratic party history . " Crawford added , "  If people leave the steak fry thinking Bill and Hillary Clinton were very genuine , they will be the big winners . " Hillary Clinton is currently leaps and bounds ahead of other possible 2016 challengers . A CNN/ORC poll out Friday found that Clinton 53 % of all registered Democrats contacted in Iowa said they would support Hillary Clinton if the 2016 caucuses were held today . That is more than triple the amount of support that any of her other would-be competitors would receive . Organizers anticipate 5,000 people will attend the steak fry but say they are planning for more in case the weather is "  gorgeous . " A ticket to the event costs $ 30 , and the proceeds will be split evenly between Harkin 's PAC and the state party . More than 200 journalists have requested credentials to cover the event . "  It will be a Tom Harkin weekend , " said Teresa Vilmain , Clinton 's state director in 2008 and a longtime Iowa operative . Held on an idyllic farm in Indianola , 30 minutes south of Des Moines , the event is part fundraiser , part pep rally , part barbecue . Nothing at the event is actually fried ; the steaks are grilled . And while jokes have been made -- "  My only advice to you is do n't eat the steak , get the chicken , " said one political analyst , who requested anonymity to freely discuss the quality of the food -- the event has been more about raising funds for the state party and Harkin . Iowa Democrats this year have close races up and down the ticket , including for Harkin 's seat in the Senate , where Democrat Bruce Braley and Republican Joni Ernst are in a dead heat , according to a recent CNN/ORC poll . State Democratic Party Chair Scott Brennan said he expects -- and hopes -- the focus of the event will be on rallying the base ahead of November 's elections . Brennan echoed the idea that Clinton wo n't address 2016 -- "  You never know , " he added as a caveat -- but noted that Clinton 's attendance will still help if she chooses to run . "  Whether it is raining or cold or hot , it is just the fact that people show up , " Brennan said . "  These are the people who knock on doors , make phone calls . These are the people who work . It is important because you get a chance to connect with these core activists . " With the steak fry going away , there will be a noticeable gap in the Iowa political calendar every fall . Though many strategists argue that it is impossible to replace the steak fry given its reputation and history , some have pointed to Senate candidate Braley 's annual "  Bruce , Blue and BBQ " event that happens every fall . "  That would be a logical successor , " said Brennan . Hillary Clinton to decide on 2016 presidential run around end of year Bernie Sanders calls for ` political revolution ' in Iowa CNN 's Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	Harkin Steak Fry is a must-attend event for Democratic candidates in Iowa This year 's steak fry will be the last after 42 years Hillary Clinton is headlining the event . It takes place on a field in Indianola , 30 minutes south of Des Moines
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Senate approved a controversial nuclear deal with India on Wednesday , clearing the way for the United States to export nuclear know-how to India after a ban lasting decades . President Bush , who supports the deal , meets with India Prime Minister Manmohan Singh last week . Sen. Chris Dodd , a Connecticut Democrat , said the deal would not only "  set the stage for a stronger U.S.-India relationship , " but also would promote stability in India 's troubled neighborhood . "  This agreement is indicative of a new era in Indian foreign policy , an era in which India will see all the world 's powers as potential partners in efforts to address its own needs and the needs of others , " Dodd said . "  I believe that this new era will bring increased stability and progress in South Asia . " India and Pakistan have fought several wars since they became independent in 1947 , and both countries have tested nuclear weapons . Wednesday 's vote was 86-13 . Sen. Tom Harkin , an Iowa Democrat , spoke against what he called flawed legislation before the vote . "  If we pass this legislation , we will reward India for flouting the most important arms control agreement in history , the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty , and we will gravely undermine our case against hostile nations that seek to do the same , " Harkin said . Before he voted against the bill , he said Congress had not debated the legislation properly . "  It was hustled through -LSB- the House of Representatives -RSB- without any hearings and without a vote in the House Foreign Affairs Committee , " he said . "  Here in the Senate , the Foreign Relations Committee held just one hearing with just one witness who spoke in support of the agreement . " Presidential candidates Sen. Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain voted for the bill . President Bush urged the Senate to pass the bill in a statement released before the vote . The bill "  represents a major milestone in the transformation of our nation 's important relationship with India , " the statement said . One senator had anonymously been using parliamentary rules to prevent the bill from coming to a vote , but the leaders of the Senate announced Tuesday night the vote would go ahead . The House of Representatives passed the bill without debate on Saturday . The next step is for Bush to sign it into law . The Indian nuclear market is a rich prize , and the agreement could open the way for U.S. companies to earn billions of dollars building nuclear power plants in India . The French government clinched its own nuclear trade deal with India on Wednesday when President Nicolas Sarkozy signed an agreement in Paris . That puts French companies in the running for some of the same contracts U.S. companies want . In exchange for access to U.S. nuclear technology , India would allow international inspections of its civilian -- but not military -- nuclear power plants . It would also promise not to resume testing of nuclear weapons . The United States banned nuclear trade with India after India exploded a nuclear device in 1974 and refused to sign the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty . In an informal agreement between the two nations , the United States said it would halt any nuclear cooperation should India resume testing .	Deal could let U.S. businesses earn billions building plants in India President Bush backs the deal ; he 's expected to sign it into law U.S. banned nuclear trade with India in 1974 Sen. Harkin , bill opponent : We 're rewarding India for flouting nonproliferation pact
CNN  -- As the saying goes about political parties and their candidates : Democrats fall in love and Republicans fall in line . And that 's exactly what Republicans are doing , or trying to do . But after this combative primary season , watching Mitt Romney 's former GOP rivals struggle with ways to endorse their onetime nemesis is painful . It 's like they 're trying to find ways to snuggle with Darth Vader . At the very least , the contortions are a tad awkward and unseemly . And in the real world  as opposed to the political world  , the result is completely unbelievable . It 's also a perfect example of why voters do n't trust politicians . Consider this : Newt Gingrich finally announced his support of Mitt Romney this week . Yet in his obvious struggle to find the right words to embrace a man he once called a liar , Gingrich came up with this tortured equation : "  I am asked sometimes is Mitt Romney conservative enough ? And my answer is simple -- compared to Barack Obama ? This is not a choice between Mitt Romney and Ronald Reagan . This is a choice between Mitt Romney and the most radical leftist president in American history . " Not exactly effusive , but certainly supportive , at least compared to these Gingrich words about Romney last winter : "  Why should we expect him to level about anything if he is president ? " Or the time he called Romney "  the most anti-immigrant candidate . " Or , at a CNN debate , when he helpfully pointed out that "  I do n't know of any president who has had a Swiss bank account . " Well , never mind . Ditto for Michele Bachmann . Granted , she dropped out in January and waited a long time to endorse -- until Romney was the last man standing . And she had him standing right beside her as she finally gave the nod , describing Romney as "  the last chance we have to keep America ... from going over the cliff . " But wait . Is that really what Bachmann believes ? As ABC 's Jonathan Karl points out , Bachmann told him before the Iowa caucuses that "  He  Romney  can not beat Obama . It 's not going to happen . " The reason : Romney 's Massachusetts health care plan , which she called "  the blueprint for Obamacare . " That 's exactly what Rick Santorum had been saying throughout the campaign . He 's meeting with Romney Friday , but cautions against expectations of an endorsement . It will come , but probably not until Santorum extracts some policy concessions , such as a promise that Romney will never support health care mandates , according to one Santorum source . And it will be hard for Santorum to cozy up to the man whom he said would "  give the issue of health care away in this election . It is too foundational for us to win the election . " Of course , this is not the first time the vanquished have endorsed their previous opponents .  See : Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama . Also see : John McCain endorsing Mitt Romney circa 2012 .  But this primary was so divisive -- and so personal -- the endorsements seem that much more hollow . There 's a very good reason : They are . Conservatives still have a hard time believing Mitt Romney can beat President Obama . They may be wrong , but it 's what they really believe even if many of them wo n't say it anymore . And one more thing : Now that all these Republicans are getting in line to endorse Romney , it only serves as a reminder that they did n't endorse him before he had become the presumptive nominee . I mean , what was Rudy Giuliani waiting for ? Come to think of it , maybe distance . After all , America 's mayor took to America 's airwaves to declare that Gingrich was "  the most electable Republican " in December . That was when he also told MSNBC , referring to Romney , that "  I 've never seen a guy ... change his position on so many things so fast , on a dime . " In the same interview , Giuliani asked a rhetorical question about how President Obama might handle Romney . His prediction : Obama would say "  This is a man without a core ... I think that is a great vulnerability . " As it turns out , there 's plenty of that to go around . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Nearly all the GOP primary rivals are now lining up behind Mitt Romney Gloria Borger says their contortions are agonizing to watch She says people who lambasted Romney are now claiming he 's their choice Borger : Conservatives still doubt he can win , though many wo n't say it now
Honolulu , Hawaii  CNN  The United States is hitting North Korea with a new set of economic sanctions after determining the country was behind last month 's computer hack at Sony . The White House said a new executive order targets leaders in North Korea 's government , preventing them from accessing property and entering the United States . The isolated nuclear regime , which has denied involvement in the Sony hack , was already subject to a strict set of U.S. economic restrictions . The Federal Bureau of Investigation has maintained North Korea was behind the broad computer breach at Sony , despite evidence that some technology experts said points instead to former employees of the studio . On Friday officials said the new set of sanctions was further indication of their confidence in North Korea 's culpability , and said that private tech firms are n't privy to the intelligence proving Pyongyang 's guilt . President Barack Obama signed the executive order putting the new sanctions in place on the second-to-last day of his winter vacation in Hawaii . Before his vacation began in mid-December Obama said North Korea was responsible for the attack and the United States was preparing a response . The White House said Friday 's announcement reflected the beginning of that response . RELATED : Obama says North Korea 's hack not war , but ` cybervandalism ' "  The order is not targeted at the people of North Korea , but rather is aimed at the government of North Korea and its activities that threaten the United States and others , " Obama wrote in a letter to House Speaker John Boehner . The country poses a "  continuing threat to the national security , foreign policy and economy of the United States , " Obama wrote . Among the agencies targeted by the new sanctions Friday was the Reconnaissance General Bureau , an intelligence agency the United States said was responsible for "  major cyberoperations " in North Korea . The new sanctions also target officials at North Korea 's Mining Development Trading Corporation , which the United States says is responsible for the country 's arms dealing and weapons export business . Seven officials who represent North Korea 's arms dealing trade in Africa , Iran , Russia and Syria were designated by the U.S. Treasury as subject to the new economic sanctions . U.S. administration officials said the individuals targeted by Friday 's sanctions are not thought to be responsible for the Sony hack . But in exposing their names and positions as North Korean arms dealers , the United States hopes to stymie their business prospects . Their names were not publicly known until now . U.S. officials said they did n't know whether the 10 North Korean officials listed by the Treasury Department held any assets in U.S. institutions . Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said the sanctions were meant to "  isolate key North Korean entities and disrupt the activities of close to a dozen critical North Korean operatives . " "  We will continue to use this broad and powerful tool to expose the activities of North Korean government officials and entities , " Lew said . RELATED : North Korea lambasts U.S. over ` The Interview , ' says Obama is the ` culprit ' Speaking to CNN late last month , Obama said the United States would respond to the Sony hacking "  proportionately , " without specifying what actions his government might take to punish Kim Jong Un 's government for its role in the attack . Josh Earnest , the White House press secretary , said on Friday , "  Today 's actions are the first aspect of our response . " That seemed to indicate the widespread Internet outages reported in North Korea last week were not a retaliatory response to the Sony hack , though administration officials would not confirm the blackout came at the hands of the United States . "  There are many possible explanations for  North Korea 's  Internet outage , including the possibility that they had ended up doing it to themselves , " one U.S. official said .	The U.S. announces new sanctions against North Korea The sanctions come in the wake of a cyberattack against Sony , attributed to North Korea Targeted in the order : Seven officials who represent North Korea 's arms dealing trade
CNN  -- Roger Federer may have given up his No. 1 ranking , but the Swiss tennis star 's grip on end-of-season supremacy is showing no signs of loosening . Federer marched into the semifinals of the $ 5.5 million ATP World Tour Finals on Thursday , beating in-form Spaniard David Ferrer 6-4 7-6  7-5  for his second successive straight-sets win in Group B . The 31-year-old has not lost at the eight-man London showpiece since 2009 , and has now won 70 matches this year -- a feat he had not achieved since 2006 when he was at the peak of his powers . "  This is a very special tournament in many ways , " said Federer , who has reached the last four in 10 of his 11 appearances . "  It 's always been the tournament I wanted to be part of when I started playing at the beginning of the year , many years now . I had breakthrough results at this event . I learned a lot . "  I 've loved everywhere I 've played over the years at the World Tour Finals . But I think this one is obviously special , because it 's in London and The O2 is an amazing venue . I 'm happy it 's going to stay here for the next few years . " The 17-time grand slam champion relinquished the year-end top spot to Novak Djokovic when he decided not to defend his Paris title last week , having pushed his record tally to 302 weeks at the top . Fifth-ranked Ferrer took advantage of a weakened field and shock defeats for Djokovic and No. 3 Andy Murray by winning his first Masters level tournament , following up his title in Valencia . However , the 30-year-old had never beaten Federer in 13 previous attempts , winning just three of 30 sets played -- including defeat to Federer in the 2007 final of the elite event when it was held in Shanghai . That run continued on Thursday after Ferrer failed to covert three break points on Federer 's serve in the opening game . Djokovic edges Murray at ATP finals "  It was a long match and I 'm extremely happy to win , " Federer said after ending Ferrer 's 11-match unbeaten run . "  I played a great match . I 've qualified and I 'm obviously relieved and thrilled that that 's the case . "  David 's been on a great run and he is so respected by his fellow competitors . I enjoy playing against him , not because I 've got a good record , but because he 's a great guy and a great competitor . " Federer now has a 102-1 record against players aged over 30 since his 2002 defeat by Andre Agassi in the final of the Miami Masters . If he retains his title , extending his record to seven overall in the indoor hard-court event , he will match third-placed John McEnroe on the ATP 's career title list with 77 . Ferrer has won an ATP Tour-leading 73 matches this year , one more than Djokovic -- who will seek to clinch his semi spot in his third and final closing Group A match against sixth-ranked Czech Tomas Berdych on Friday . Ferrer , who also has a tour-leading seven titles in 2012 , must now beat Janko Tipsarevic if he is to emulate last year 's achievement of reaching the semifinals in London . "  I had a lot of chances to break his serve , " Ferrer said of his latest Federer defeat . "  When he had one break point , he made it . "  Sometimes with these players , if I do n't take my chances , I do n't win the important points -- it is very difficult to win . " Ferrer is fighting for a semifinal place with Juan Martin del Potro , who beat Tipsarevic 6-0 6-4 in Thursday 's late match to end the Serbian 's hopes . The Argentine now also has one win and a defeat ahead of his final match against Federer , but has the advantage over Ferrer in sets and games won . Del Potro beat Federer in last month 's Basel final but has a losing 13-3 record against him despite notable victories in the 2009 U.S. Open title match and in the round-robin stage of that year 's ATP finals .	Roger Federer extends his winning run to 12 matches with win over David Ferrer World No. 2 qualifies for semifinals at ATP 's season-ending event for 10th time He ends Paris and Valencia champion Ferrer 's 11-match unbeaten run Spaniard must now beat Janko Tipsarevic to have chance of going through
CNN  -- The first two doses of an experimental serum created to treat Ebola went to American missionaries . Then the drug was sent to treat a Spanish priest . The two Americans , Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol , appear to be recovering . The priest , Miguel Pajares , died Tuesday morning . That 's the problem with experimental drugs that have never been clinically tested in humans : No one knows whether they 'll work -- and if they do , in whom . This week , the World Health Organization gathered a group of ethicists to decide whether unproven medications and vaccines should be used in the current Ebola outbreak . As the death toll from the epidemic soared over 1,000 , the WHO panel unanimously concluded that it is ethical to offer medications to fight the Ebola virus , even if their effectiveness or adverse effects are unknown . "  The large number of people affected by the 2014 west Africa outbreak , and the high case-fatality rate , have prompted calls to use investigational medical interventions to try to save the lives of patients and to curb the epidemic , " the World Health Organization said Tuesday . WHO says it believes the virus has infected 1,848 people and killed 1,013 , making this the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history . The difference between this outbreak and other Ebola outbreaks is that traditional methods of stopping the virus from spreading -- protective gear , contact tracing , etc. -- do n't seem to be working fast enough , said Dr. Marie-Paule Kieny , WHO 's assistant director-general . The health care systems in the affected countries are also weak , so resources are scarce . "  If these treatments can save lives ... should we not use them to save lives ? " Kieny said the panel asked . After the panel 's decision , Canadian Health Minister Rona Ambrose announced Tuesday her government will donate between 800 and 1,000 doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine to WHO . A "  small supply " will be kept at home "  in the unlikely event it is needed for compassionate use in Canada , " the Public Health Agency said in a news release . The drug -- called VSV-EBOV -- is Canadian-made and owned , having been developed by the National Microbiology Laboratory . It 's never been tested on humans , "  but has shown promise in animal research , " the agency states . A Canadian government ethics advisory group and the WHO panel of medical ethics experts both "  informed " the decision to give out VSV-EBOV , despite its "  unknown efficacy and adverse effects . " Will it work is just one of the key questions surrounding VSV-EBOV . As with ZMapp , other questions include how and on whom it should be used . A vicious killer Ebola can torment its victims with high fevers , internal and external bleeding , vomiting and diarrhea . It often afflicts multiple organ systems and can kill up to 90 % of those infected . The virus spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva and urine . Since the current Ebola epidemic was declared in Guinea in March , the disease has spread to Sierra Leone , Liberia and Nigeria . And the impact has spread around the world . Cynthia Sangbai-Kwennah , a native of Liberia living in Minnesota , has lost nine family members to Ebola in less than two months . "  Every time you pick up the phone and you receive a call ... this family is dead , this person is dead , " Sangbai-Kwennah told CNN affiliate WCCO . First her father perished . Then other relatives who had been taking care of him . Sangbai-Kwennah even lost her younger sister , who had just recently graduated from college . "  Your entire family die in a month and a half , " she said . "  It 's just so scary . I 'm just so confused . I do n't even know what to do . " There are several experimental drugs and vaccines being created for Ebola , Kieny said , though none has been through the necessary human trials to prove safety and efficacy . And none of them is currently available in unlimited supply . This outbreak , she said , is an opportunity to right a wrong . "  The fact that there is no drug for Ebola is a market failure . This is typically a disease of poor people in poor countries where there is no market . " Desperation has pushed Liberia 's government to ask for the experimental serum used to treat the Americans and Spanish priest , in order to treat two local doctors . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Liberia 's request for access to ZMapp , which was created by the San Diego-based biotech firm Mapp Biopharmaceutical Inc. . Sample doses of the medicine will be sent to Liberia this week to treat doctors who have contracted the virus , the Liberian government said . Mapp Biopharmaceutical said Monday that its supply has been exhausted after fulfilling the request of a West African country .  It did not name the country .  Kentucky BioProcessing , which manufactures a version of the drug , is working to increase production of ZMapp , but the process will take several months , company spokesman David Howard said last week . "  There are not adequate supplies of any of the investigational agents anywhere near ready for human use , " said Dr. Jesse Goodman , director of the Center on Medical Product Access , Safety and Stewardship at Georgetown University Medical Center , referring to all drugs being developed to treat Ebola . "  Not  adequate  to treat all the patients in this outbreak , even if we knew they worked . " Questions about drug access The gulf between developed and developing nations appeared to some to widen last week as reports emerged that the Ebola drug was being used to treat Westerners but not West Africans . "  What if it had killed both of them ? " Paul Root Wolpe , director of the Center for Ethics at Emory University in Atlanta , said about the two Americans first treated with ZMapp . "  It is only because it worked , seemingly very well , that people are screaming , ` How come people in Africa did n't get it ? ' " Wolpe said that considering the converse situation could provide some perspective . "  If the first people  to receive doses of ZMapp  would have been Liberian , headlines would have screamed , ` Experimental drug tested on poor Africans , ' " Wolpe said . But the nagging question for some : Was giving the serum to Africans even a consideration ? Should it have been ? "  Why did n't Dr. Sheik Umar Khan , the chief Sierra Leone physician who died while treating Ebola patients , receive this medication ? " Harriet Washington wrote in a recent CNN Opinion piece . "  Because another method of determining who gets medications is at work here -- the drearily familiar stratification of access to a drug based on economic resources and being a Westerner rather than a resident of the global South . " WHO will convene a panel at the end of the month to discuss who should get priority access to the experimental drugs , Kieny said . WHO will not broker access , she noted , meaning it will not be responsible for doling out doses . It will simply provide information about companies that have quantities available to people or government agencies that are asking . Drug safety concerns More relevant than who got what and when , experts say , are questions about the safety of the current crop of experimental Ebola drugs . For ZMapp and other Ebola drugs currently in the pipeline -- like TKM-Ebola by Tekmira Pharmaceuticals -- there are not good , substantive data in humans to support their use . "  Usually , you treat large numbers of sick people to be sure something is n't going to hurt them , " said Goodman , former chief scientist with the Food and Drug Administration . "  So while it seems at first glance that two individuals getting something promising in animals and then improving , is convincing , I do n't think it 's yet convincing . I think it 's hopeful . " Wolpe , Washington and Goodman agree that careful study should precede widespread dissemination of any Ebola drug and that Africans should be represented in those studies . "  If  ZMapp  turns out to be as effective as it seems to be , and it 's possible to make much more of it , then we end up with a situation where it becomes unethical to withhold treatment , " Wolpe said . "  We should do everything we can to nip this epidemic in the bud . " Ebola outbreak likely started with 2-year-old in Guinea Nine things to know about the Ebola virus Treating Ebola in Sierra Leone : ` We are two steps behind ' CNN 's Carol Jordan , Greg Botelho , Nana Karikari-apau , Hazel Pfeifer , Danielle Dellorto and Samuel Burke contributed to this report .	NEW : Canada to offer WHO up to 1,000 doses of experimental Ebola vaccine WHO panel : It is ethical to offer unproven medication to try to fight Ebola Pair who took an experimental drug appear to be improving , but one man who took it died Sample doses of the experimental drug ZMapp are on their way to Liberia
LONDON , England  CNN  -- New York is in Candace Bushnell 's blood . The best-selling novelist and columnist has a gift for tapping into the zeitgeist of any New York minute . Smart , chic and driven , her story is also a classic New York success story - she was the girl who came to the city to make it and did so through a desire and determination to succeed . Candace Bushnell : "  Sex and the City was never written to make people feel good . " "  I think people who come here and stay here are , number one , people who always have a dream , " she told CNN . Bushnell was born on December 1 , 1958 in the New England town of Glastonbury , Connecticut . However , at the age of 19 she shunned the idea of a more parochial life for the bright lights of New York in order to pursue her dreams of becoming a professional writer . "  I was going to University in Houston , Texas and I decided that I knew what I wanted to do and it was time to go and do it . I literally ran away from college , " she told CNN . Whilst enrolled at New York University , and juggling waitressing jobs , she wrote a children 's book for publishers Simon and Schuster and received her first big paycheck of $ 1000 . However , this was the first of many different writing jobs Candace undertook over the years . Watch Candace Bushnell take CNN on a tour of New York . " She wrote for a series of underground papers and publications such as Night Magazine which documented the goings-on of the New York club circuit . By now Candace had herself become a fixture in Manhattan society and a regular at iconic nightclubs like Studio 54 . "  For me it was n't about being a socialite . To be a socialite you had to come from a family who had money . New York is a city where people come to make it . And it does n't really matter where you come from , but it 's all about making it and success . " After graduating from college she worked as a freelancer throughout her twenties . "  I finally got a job on ` Ladies Home Journal , ' " she told CNN . "  The first thing I had to do every morning was sharpen pencils and my boss said I was the best pencil sharpener that they had ever had ! " Bushnell got her real big break when she started writing for the New York Observer in 1993 . She soon made an impact as a reporter with stories such as her investigation into burnt out New York celebrities in rehab in Minneapolis . She was given her own column in November 1994 which she called "  Sex and the City " . It chronicled the life , people and stories she had come to know in the Big Apple . The column was an immediate success and became a must-read in New York and it was not long before producers in LA began to take note . It was bought as a book in 1995 and sold to HBO as a series in 1996 , which would become the basis for the hit television show and subsequent movie . See the story of "  Sex and the City " in photos . " "  It started as a seed , with an absolute truth that people may agree with or it may disturb them . It disturbs me sometimes when I read it because it 's very wrong and very honest , " she told CNN . "  I think most call it cynicism but I call it realism -- it is absolutely raw reality . It was never written for a big audience and it was never written to make people feel good . It was written as the truth in a humorous way . " Since then Bushnell has written another four best-selling books which continue her dark humor and observations of New York society and its characters . Her book "  Lipstick Jungle " , published in 2005 , also went on to become a successful television series on NBC . Amidst this success , the one thing Bushnell had not necessarily planned was marriage . The single girl about town , just like her "  Sex and the City " alter-ego Carrie Bradshaw , it was a surprise even for her to fall for her husband Charles Askegaard , a principal dancer with the New York ballet , whom she met at a gala seven years ago . "  I was cynical about relationships . I was n't sure about marriage . But when I saw Charles across the room I thought ` that 's the man you 're going to marry , ' " she said . Candace is now currently working on three more novels , including a young-adult book about Carrie Bradshaw 's teenage years in the city . She continues to capture the spirit of the place she has made her home with the flair and drive of a true New Yorker . "  I was a person who was born in a sense with a mission -- I do n't always follow it but I always have it and I continue with it . "	Candace Bushnell is the author of five novels , including "  Sex and the City " She ran away from college aged 19 to become a writer in New York "  Sex and the City was never written to make people feel good , " she says Her book 2005 book "  Lipstick Jungle " was also made into a hit TV series
CNN  -- A baseball hat Babe Ruth wore during his 1934 tour of Japan just sold for $ 303,277 on the site Grey Flannel Auctions . The navy blue hat emblazoned with a "  US " logo is believed to be the only hat the legendary slugger wore during the monthlong tour , according to Grey Flannel Auctions -- except when he swapped the cap for a little leaguer 's hat , resulting in the classic photo of the Sultan of Swat with a tiny hat perched on his head . Other big-ticket baseball memorabilia items that sold in Wednesday 's auction include a Joe DiMaggio 1937 baseball cap that fetched over $ 150,000 and a 1932 Yankees ball , signed by both Ruth and Lou Gehrig , which went for just over $ 115,000 . A pair of baby blue Converse shoes that basketball great Michael Jordan wore during his 1981-82 season at the University of North Carolina sold for just over $ 33,000 . The leather high-tops are autographed and according to Grey Flannel Auctions are "  the earliest known , fully documented pair of Jordan sneakers that exist . " Do n't worry if you were left out of this auction -- you 've still got a chance to own sports history . Got ta Have It is selling a 1914 Babe Ruth rookie baseball card for $ 695,000 . Pete Siegel , president of Got ta Have It , says it 's "  the rarest baseball card in the industry . " It last sold in 2013 for $ 450,300 , according to Robert Edward Auctions . "  I do n't have a crystal ball , so I do n't know what it will go for , but there are two types of buyers -- collectors and investors -- and it would be great for either . It 's a great investment which will go up in value over the years , " Siegel said .	Hat worn by baseball great Babe Ruth during 1934 tour of Japan is sold at auction Also sold : a Joe DiMaggio hat , sneakers Michael Jordan wore in college Another sports memorabilia site is offering a Babe Ruth rookie card for $ 695K
CNN  -- Kenny Dalglish last managed a football club more than a decade ago , and he was given a stark reminder of how much the game has changed since then as Manchester United spoiled his return to the hotseat at Liverpool on Sunday . The 59-year-old , known as "  King Kenny " by the English club 's fans after winning eight league titles and three European crowns as player and then manager , saw Liverpool beaten 1-0 in his first match in charge , an FA Cup third-round tie at Old Trafford . The club 's arch-rivals United scored a second-minute penalty through Ryan Giggs after Daniel Agger made a small amount of contact with Dimitar Berbatov , then influential captain Steven Gerrard was sent off after half an hour for a two-footed challenge on Michael Carrick . Dalglish , a dour Scot used to the physical demands of 1970s and '80s football , ruefully reflected on the decisions of referee Howard Webb , who officiated at the 2010 World Cup final in July . "  The penalty is a joke . I have seen the replay and unless they have changed the rules , it is no penalty , " he told reporters following his first match as a manager since leaving Scottish club Celtic in 2000 . Did Liverpool make the right decision ? "  The other one , I can not see that as a red card either . In the dressing-room before the game , someone said to me the game 's not changed that much . I said ' I thought it was a non-contact sport . ' Maybe I was right . " Dalglish 's next task following his appointment to the end of this season as replacement for Roy Hodgson is to prepare Liverpool for Wednesday 's Premier League trip to Blackpool , with the club 12th in the table just four points above the bottom three . Liverpool lost at home to the unfancied promoted club in October under Hodgson before new American owners New England Sports Ventures bought out Tom Hicks and George Gillett . Liverpool appoint legend Dalglish Dalglish 's first Liverpool reign ended in February 1991 when he resigned after a 4-4 draw with city rivals Everton , who will visit Anfield next Sunday . United won through to the fourth round of England 's historic knockout competition , with a trip to third division Southampton on January 29 or 30 . Manager Alex Ferguson expects England striker Wayne Rooney to be ready to return from an ankle injury well before then . "  Wayne came out for training on Friday and we thought he would make today , " he told reporters . "  But he just felt it again . At that point , we said no . There was no point . " The Premier League leaders hope to have Serbia defender Nemanja Vidic back against Tottenham on Sunday . Meanwhile , Chelsea also progressed to the fourth round of the FA Cup with a thumping 7-0 win over managerless second division club Ipswich on Sunday . The two-time defending champions lifted the pressure on their own boss Carlo Ancelotti with their biggest victory since 1908 as young forward Daniel Sturridge and England midfielder Frank Lampard both scored twice and French striker Nicolas Anelka netted his first goal in two months . The London side went into the match in the worst run of league form since owner Roman Abramovich took over in 2003 , but had few problems in setting up a clash with Everton as they seek to become the first team since the 1880s to win the cup three times in a row . Ipswich , who sacked former Manchester United star and Sunderland manager Roy Keane on Friday , suffered the worst defeat in the club 's 132-year history -- surpassing the 6-1 reverse to West Ham in August . Manchester City face an FA Cup replay after the club 's former manager Sven Eriksson led second division Leicester to a 2-2 home draw . Leicester took the lead after just 50 seconds as new defender Sol Bamba scored from close range following a corner , but Premier League high-flyers hit back through James Milner and captain Carlos Tevez to lead at halftime . However , Leicester drew level in the 64th minute through Andy King after England goalkeeper Joe Hart spilled a cross from Paul Gallagher to keep alive the club 's hopes of a fourth-round tie with third division Notts County -- shock victors against Sunderland on Saturday . Tottenham , who announced earlier in the day that David Beckham 's proposed loan move had been called off , will make the short trip to London rivals Fulham following a 3-0 victory at home to third division Charlton . Spurs ' 19-year-old midfielder Andros Townsend opened the scoring , then England striker Jermain Defoe netted twice against his former club .	Ten-man Liverpool lose 1-0 to Manchester United in third round of FA Cup Ryan Giggs scores early penalty then Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is sent off Two-time defending champions Chelsea thrash Ipswich 7-0 to reach fourth round Manchester City face a replay after drawing 2-2 at second division Leicester
CNN  -- The Chinese Super League has seen its global profile skyrocket over the last 12 months with the arrival of several high-profile football stars in big-money deals . The trend continued on Thursday with the announcement that Italy 's 2006 World Cup-winning coach Marcello Lippi will take over the reigns at ambitious Guangzhou Evergrande on a two-and-a-half-year contract . "  I dispatched an assistant to go see the club 's matches , which made me even more determined , " the 64-year-old told a press conference which was broadcast live on Chinese state television . "  I am very enthusiastic about coming to China . " Lippi has an impressive managerial record , having coached Juventus to five Italian Serie A titles and the European Champions League in 1996 . Guangzhou , China 's reigning champions , started the spending spree last year by signing Argentine playmaker Dario Conca from Brazilian side Fluminense for a national record transfer fee . Conca has since been joined in China by former France striker Nicolas Anelka , who , after a prolific career across Europe , swapped Chelsea for Shanghai Shenhua in January . Paraguay 's Lucas Barrios will become the latest recruit when he signs for Guangzhou from German champions Borussia Dortmund on June 1 , for a fee which eclipses the one paid for Conca . So what is attracting such stellar names to a country which has a limited football heritage ? "  There are things happening in Chinese football but there is still a long way to go , " Asian football expert John Duerden told CNN . "  I ca n't imagine that Lippi has been always been desperate to work in the Chinese Super League , though China is a fascinating place and some of the cities are fantastic . " Previous coach Lee-Jang soo had achieved on-field success with Guangzhou , leading the club out of the second tier , to the 2011 Super League title and into the Asian Champions League . But Duerden said Lee 's profile was not big enough for a club with grand ambitions . "  It 's all about the name , " he said . "  While Lee is well-liked in China and east Asia , outside the region he has little standing . Hiring Lippi sends the message that Guangzhou want to be Asia 's first superclub . " Duerden said the surge in football spending in China has been financed by powerful political figures , but that it may be detrimental to the future of the sport in the country . "  The spark is all down to politics , power and connections . The next generation of China 's leaders , including the next president are fans of football , and it is a great way for business leaders to get close to the decision-makers . "  There is a huge disconnect between what the game actually needs and what it is getting . There are less than 10,000 registered under-12 players in China  Japan , with a tenth of the population has over 300,000  and you have to wonder what a similar amount of money would do if invested in the grassroots . " Since arriving in Shanghai , Anelka has seen his role at Shenhua change . Last month , the 33-year-old was added to former Fulham manager Jean Tigana 's coaching staff . Tigana then resigned from his position , paving the way for Anelka to assume a surprise player-coach role . "  The situation is fairly chaotic at Shanghai and the team is pretty mediocre , " said Duerden . "  Big money was spent on new strikers but what the team really needs is midfielders . "  He  Anelka  does seem committed and is starting to talk to the press a little more . He also has the respect of the players , for obvious reasons , and he seems to be taking the coaching role quite seriously . " Meanwhile , Manchester United announced on Thursday that striker Michael Owen has left the English club following the expiration of his contract . The former Liverpool and Real Madrid star has been ravaged by injury during his three years at Old Trafford , scoring just five goals in 31 Premier League appearances .	Italy 's World Cup-winning coach Marcello Lippi is the new coach of Guangzhou Evergrande Lippi has won five Italian titles and the European Champions League with Juventus Former Chelsea striker Nicolas Anelka joined Shanghai Shenhua in January The former France international is now Shanghai 's player-coach
Boston  CNN  -- Over eight days of testimony , jurors in the trial of reputed mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger have seen tears from witnesses whose loved ones died in bloody gangland shootings , heard horror stories from victims who barely survived drive-by shootouts , and peered into the world of the mob through testimony from an old friend turned star government witness . And things are just warming up -- the trial , which is expected to take up to three months , enters just its third week on Monday . Bulger is charged in the deaths of 19 people during some two decades when prosecutors say he ran Boston 's Irish mob . He also faces charges of extortion , racketeering and money laundering . After escaping a 1995 indictment , allegedly on a tip from a rogue FBI agent , Bulger went into hiding for 16 years , landing himself on the FBI 's most wanted list before getting arrested with his girlfriend in Santa Monica California in 2011 . Among highlights from the first two weeks of testimony : -- In three days on the witness stand , former Bulger associate and hitman John Martorano casually detailed killing after killing , confirming to prosecutors that together he and Bulger were involved in 11 slayings , two of which put Bulger on the firing end of a gun in a killing . Bulger had admitted to another two murders he 'd committed on his own , Martorano testified . -- A callous Martorano showed brief signs of emotion , telling the jury that when he found out Bulger was an FBI informant , "  It broke my heart . It broke all loyalties . " Martorano testified that he thought Bulger 's FBI confidant , John Connolly , was just doing a favor to Bulger 's well-respected politician brother by looking out for "  Whitey " and the gang . He knew the crew was going to benefit from tips from inside the FBI , but he never though Bulger would become a "  Judas " or "  a person like an informant , a rat , a no good guy , " which in "  Southie " -- south Boston -- was the ultimate sin . -- Defense attorneys and prosecutors were at each others ' legal throats all week , taking jab after jab while court was in session . In one spat , defense attorney Hank Brennan accused Martorano of being a liar in front of the jury , turning the room into a vacuum of tension . Prosecuting attorney Fred Wyshak fired off an objection before U.S. District Court Judge Denise Casper put the kibosh on the ugly squabble with , "  That 's for the jury to decide . " -- Two jurors were reduced to tears as one witness , 63-year-old Diane Sussman de Tennen , alternated between bouts of crying and attempts to smile as she recounted the night she was in a car that suddenly was riddled by bullets , leaving her then-boyfriend a quadriplegic for the remaining three decades of his life . She was riding in a car that Martorano and Bulger rained fire on in March on 1973 , mistaking the driver with another gang-rival target , according to Martorano 's earlier testimony . Jurors heard gripping testimony from three people who barely survived drive-by shootings , and seven family members of victims who died in alleged mob killings . -- Famed "  Godfather " actor Robert Duvall was an unlikely spectator in the federal courtroom Friday morning . Duvall is expected to play a federal judge in an upcoming movie called "  The Judge . " A smiling Duvall became immediately stern when court was called into session , paying aggressive attention to Judge Casper . He sat with his hands propped on his knees , and listened intently to the testimony , methodically turning his head back and forth . Bulger sat through all eight days of it , mostly expressionless except for one notable moment . Whitey Bulger fast facts His former bookmaker , Richard O'Brien , was on the witness stand describing a meeting between Bulger and a man who owed him money . When the man balked at paying , O'Brien said , Bulger told him , "  We have a business besides bookmaking . " "  What 's that ? " the man asked . "  Killing  expletive  like you , " O'Brien quoted Bulger as saying . The 83-year old defendant threw his head back and let out a laugh . On Monday , the prosecution intends to introduce Bulger 's full informant file , a 700-page document detailing his relationship with the FBI over 15 years . Jurors also will hear from former FBI Supervisor John Morris , who gained immunity after agreeing to testify about cash he accepted from Bulger in exchange for protecting the mobster from the law . Tensions in the courtroom are likely to be high in anticipation of a Morris-Bulger face-off . The jury will continue to hear from family members of alleged murder victims , law enforcement operatives from Bulger 's past , and at least one more of his former associates in a trial that could last well into August .	Reputed mob leader ` Whitey ' Bulger is charged in 19 deaths His trial -- expected to take up to three months -- will enter week three Monday So far , jurors have heard witnesses describe killings , and surviving bloody shootouts Among those in the gallery -- famed "  Godfather " actor Robert Duvall
CNN  -- One person was killed and at least 20 homes destroyed after a weekend tornado that struck a town in eastern Kansas , state officials said . The storm also damaged another 200 homes around Reading , about 100 miles southwest of Kansas City , said Sharon Watson of the Kansas Division of Emergency Management . She said the agency received a report of a tornado touching down at 9:15 p.m. Saturday . Strong line of storms pummels Midwest ; Missouri hard-hit The agency said five others were injured in addition to the fatality , and power was knocked out to much of the town of about 250 . Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback issued a disaster declaration for 16 counties on Sunday , a step toward getting state and federal aid for the affected areas . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim and everyone impacted by this storm , " Brownback said in a statement issuing the declaration . The National Weather Service said the storm was caused by an EF-1 tornado , which packs winds of 86-110 mph . It was among several storms that hit the area between 6 p.m. to midnight Saturday , authorities said . "  The first significant calls of damage came in about 6:30 p.m. local in Shawnee County , " Watson said . "  There was significant damage caused by large hail , which broke windows and broke tree limbs . " In Jefferson County , a mobile home was destroyed and an elderly couple was trapped inside , Watson said . She said first responders cleared the debris and rescued the couple , who was not hurt . CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	A tornado killed 1 person and destroys 20 homes in Reading , Kansas The state 's governor has issued a disaster declaration The National Weather Service classified the storm as an EF-1 tornado
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In 1968 the Lotus Formula 1 team broke new ground . Rather than racing in a livery related to national flags or emblems , the team took to the circuit with cars in the color-scheme -- and wearing the logo of -- Imperial Tobacco 's Gold Leaf brand . Lewis Hamilton 's helmet bears the "  Striding Man " , symbol of Johnnie Walker for nearly 100 years Since then Formula 1 and sponsorship have walked hand-in-hand , sponsorship money being a significant -- and in many case major -- source of revenue . But what do sponsors get out of Formula 1 ? Johnnie Walker , a Scotch whisky brand of Diageo , is in its third season of sponsoring the McLaren Mercedes team . Ben Anderson is Johnnie Walker 's Global Brand Director : "  Specifically for us we 're looking at doing two things . At a brand level we 're trying continually to develop the equity in our brand image . And that 's by getting involved with international , stylish events like Formula 1 . "  And secondly it 's a fantastic vehicle for us to get our responsible drinking message across . When we went into Formula 1 it was on those two bases . " Johnnie Walker is the world 's best-selling Scotch whisky  and the world 's second-best selling whisky after the Irish whiskey , Jameson  . Sold in 180 countries and consumed at a rate of 154 glasses per second  or five bottles per second ; nearly 160 million bottles per annum  , it is a truly global proposition . "  You can imagine that when we wanted to get into a sponsorship property we needed something that gave us the global scale and global reach and Formula 1 was really the only possible sporting event that we could get this reach , " continues Anderson "  it 's a huge annual event . " With such a global presence , Johnnie Walker does n't need Formula 1 to grab brand awareness . Rather it piggybacks on Formula 1 's appeal -- and the brand appeal of McLaren Mercedes in particular -- to position itself as a youthful and dynamic proposition . "  In terms of which team you go for we analyzed the teams and there was really only one potentially for us to get involved with and that was McLaren , " says Anderson , "  because we share so many similar characteristics . Both our teams are successful . Since they entered Formula 1 , 41 years ago , no team has won more races than McLaren . "  We 're the best and biggest global Scotch player , we 've won more awards than any other Scotch whisky . So there 's a similarity there . Both brands are innovative . That fit of values -- these brands have a kind of status -- Mercedes , McLaren , Johnnie Walker . " But it 's not just about presenting the brand . Formula 1 offers Johnnie Walker a chance to entertain its clients in a unique way . "  Ron Dennis says that Formula 1 is one of the last gladiatorial sports -- like chariot racing , " says Anderson , "  it 's exciting , it 's something you can get close to and experience in a really authentic way . And we found that it 's a great asset to our corporate entertaining calendar . "  We tend to take customers from specific markets to specific races , both in seeing what the brand looks like at its best in a contemporary , fashionable , international setting such as Formula 1 races are . Be they in Monaco , Sao Paolo or Shanghai , having deeper relationships with our customers is one of the benefits we get out of it . " Formula 1 is n't Johnnie Walker 's only sporting sponsorship . It also sponsors golf -- a sport that -- Tiger Woods aside -- is rarely associated with youth and dynamism . But while its perception in Europe is one of "  a walk in the country ruined " , in the Asia-Pacific market it has the associated glamour and spirit of Formula 1 . The Johnnie Walker classic has run in Asia for 17 years now and Johnnie Walker also sponsors the Championship at Gleneagles in Scotland  Gleneagles is also a Diageo property  . Anderson relates a piece of Gleneagles trivia : its golf course was designed by a descendant of Johnnie Walker . Key to the brand message that Johnnie Walker -- and Diageo -- is trying to get across is responsible drinking . Diageo runs worldwide campaigns on this message , including the "  Drink Aware " campaign in the UK and "  Think B4U Drink " campaign in Australia . But are n't motor sports and drink strange bedfellows ? "  Responsible drinking and Formula 1 : a lot of people say , can you explain that to me for a second ? " says Anderson , "  I 'm always delighted to answer that particular question because responsible drinking is a critical part of Diageo 's message . " The message has been reinforced by having formula McLaren world champion , Mika Hakkinen , work as a taxi driver at various Grands Prix . "  Recently I happened to be in Monaco with -LSB- Hakkinen -RSB- . ` Why are you driving a taxi promoting responsible drinking ? ' people ask . The very fact that you 're putting that question into people 's minds is unbelievably powerful . " And then when you explain that a Formula 1 driver is a great athlete who is in control , but that you can not be in control if you 're drinking and driving . It 's a powerful message that really resonates with consumers . "  If governments do responsible drinking messages , it 's probably ignored to be honest , if companies do it , it 's less impactful . But Mika is still a hero amongst many young people it really does resonate with them and it changes their behavior and their attitude to something which is critical to Johnnie Walker , to Diageo and to me . " E-mail to a friend	Formula 1 seen as a young and dynamic sponsorship opportunity Global reach of the sport is seen as an advantage Corporate hospitality helps Johnnie Walker get closer to its customers
Cairo  CNN  -- Streets in Egypt 's capital remained tense Sunday a day ahead of elections . As protesters packed Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the head of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces issued warning of "  dire consequences " if the nation 's political crisis continues , state-run Al-Masriya TV reported . Field Marshal Hussein Tantawi said parliamentary elections would go ahead as planned Monday , and that he would not allow the military "  to be pressured by any individual or entity , " state media reported . Meanwhile , a member of an alliance of demonstrators told Al-Masriya that a new proposed government would be announced later Sunday after meetings with Mohammed ElBaradei , a 2005 Nobel Peace Prize winner who is frontrunner for Egypt 's presidency . "  We will ask the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces to form a new government . We do n't want to take the country into the unknown but  the council  must listen to our demands and our call to form a new government and cede power to a civilian transitional council , " Mohammed Mamdouh , a member of the alliance of revolutionaries in Tahrir , told Al-Masriya . Newly-appointed Prime Minister Kamal Ganzouri was appointed last week by Egypt 's military rulers after former Prime Minister Essam Sharaf and his government quit en masse . Ganzouri , who served as prime minister under President Hosni Mubarak , said he had asked for time to form a cabinet "  that will be accepted by everyone . " He told reporters last week that a new government could not be formed before Monday 's parliamentary elections . Ganzouri , who was Egypt 's prime minister from 1996 to 1999 , is to remain as prime minister until at least January 10 , when results of the parliamentary elections are finalized , said Aly Hassan , a judicial consultant . After that , Parliament would have to back Ganzouri for him to retain the position . Mamdouh said Sunday Ganzouri was the wrong man to lead the nation . "  Gazouri 's government was born dead , and he does n't have any legitimacy on the Egyptian street , " he told Al-Masriya . At least 42 people have been killed in recent demonstrations in Egypt , including at least 33 in Cairo . An additional 3,250 have been wounded , the Ministry of Health 's Dr. Hisham Shiha said . He said many of the casualties had been shot by "  live ammunition , rubber bullets and birdshot . " Egypt 's military leaders apologized Thursday for the deaths of protesters , vowing to prosecute offenders and pay the medical bills of the wounded . The violence came as the country remains divided over the ruling military body and news that Ganzouri had regained his old role . The high military council decided Friday to extend voting to two days for each stage of the parliamentary elections , scheduled to begin Monday , according to state-run Egypt TV . Ballot boxes will be locked at 7 p.m. Monday and new boxes will be used on Tuesday , Ahmed Al Zind , head of Judicial Club , told reporters Saturday . "  The ballot box for the judge is like a part of his body , " Al Zind said . "  Even though police and army will secure ballots , the judge is responsible . " In all , 4,765 judges will monitor the three rounds of elections and report any violations to the Higher Committee of the Election Commission , he said . The elections will also be observed by a delegation from the International Republican Institute as well as a U.S. congressional delegation "  to identify and evaluate strengths and weaknesses in Egypt 's election system , including campaign regulations , the balloting process , vote tabulation and reporting , " the institute said Friday . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	The head of Egypt 's military warns of "  dire consequences " if a political crisis continues A member of a demonstrators ' alliance says the group will announce a new government Egypt is divided over the ruling military body and the newly appointed prime minister Egypt 's parliamentary elections are set to begin Monday
CNN  -- Top seed Caroline Wozniacki secured the eighth WTA Tour title of her career after a straight sets victory in the final of the inaugural Danish Open in Copenhagen on Sunday . The local favorite , who is at a career-high third position in the world rankings , was always in control against seventh-seeded Czech Klara Zakapolova , sealing a 6-2 7-6 success . Zakapolova threatened a comeback when she led 4-2 in the second set , but the Dane rallied to take it to a tie-break , which Wozniacki won to add the title to her triumph at Ponte Vedra earlier this year . Meanwhile , Svetlana Kuznetsova and Agnieszka Radwanska will contest the final of the WTA event in San Diego after both players won their semifinal matches in straight sets . Two-time grand slam champion Kuznetsova -- who is unseeded after dropping out of the world 's top 20 following a disappointing year -- eased to a 6-4 6-0 victory over fifth-seeded Italian Flavia Pennetta . "  I was hitting the ball hard but I was also playing with spin and mixing it up and not letting her dictate , " Kuznetsova told the official WTA Tour website . "  I 'm playing better and I 'm happy about that . I was struggling in the first set but I made my way through it and played much better in the second set . I 'm happy to be in my first final this year . " The Russian will now face Radwanska after the fourth-seeded Pole saw off the challenge of Daniela Hantuchova 6-4 6-2 to reach her first final in 10 months .	Top seed Caroline Wozniacki win the inaugural WTA Danish Open title on Sunday The local favorite defeats Czech Klara Zakapolova 6-2 7-6 in the final in Copenhagen The 20-year-old is ranked third in the world and was winning her eighth WTA title Svetlana Kuznetsova beat Flavia Pennetta 6-4 6-0 to reach the final in San Diego
Isa Saharkhiz and his son Mehdi have n't seen each other in nearly a decade . But the dream of a reunion between the dissident journalist and his 32-year-old son came one step closer to fruition when Iranian authorities unexpectedly released the elder Saharkhiz last week after imprisoning him for more than four years . "  Yes , it was a surprise , " said Saharkhiz , speaking by phone to CNN from his home in Tehran . The longtime critic of the Iranian regime described how last Thursday , a prison official made an unannounced visit to the hospital room where he had been detained for months due to his deteriorating health conditions . "  He told me that ` you are released now , ' " Saharkhiz said . Within hours , he was back at his home surrounded by his wife and daughter and friends . Mehdi was at the design company in northern New Jersey where he works as a production manager when his relatives in Iran called with news of his father 's release . "  I was really shocked , " he recalled . Father was rounded up during 2009 unrest in Iran Since 2009 , the younger Saharkhiz has led a one-man digital campaign from his home in New Jersey aimed at liberating his father . "  I confess that I am not ashamed that my father is in prison . And I am proud of him ... his bravery has made life harder for the cowards in power , " Mehdi announced on camera in Farsi , in a 2009 video he posted on YouTube . The young man appeared in the video wearing a T-shirt printed with his father 's portrait . Iranian security forces first arrested Isa Saharkhiz , 59 , during the summer of 2009 . The former journalist had been working as an international spokesman for the campaign of Mehdi Karroubi , a moderate politician who ran for president in June 2009 . Huge street protests erupted that month after Iranian authorities declared the firebrand incumbent candidate Mahmoud Ahmadinejad winner of the election . Opposition groups accused the Iranian regime of rigging the results in favor of Ahmadinejad , a claim Tehran vehemently rejected . In the ensuing crackdown on what became known as the Green Movement , Karroubi and another opposition presidential candidate , Mir-Hossein Mousavi , were placed under house arrest . Security forces used brute force and widespread arrests to crush the street protests , while also rounding up top officials from Mousavi and Karroubi 's political campaigns , including Isa Saharkhiz . "  They tortured me , " he said , describing how officers beat him and broke his ribs during his initial detention . Iranian authorities justified the 2009 crackdown by frequently accusing opposition leaders of being part of a foreign conspiracy aimed at overthrowing the government . Iranian officials also accused some protesters of being mohareb , or enemies of God . Chinese journalist Shi Tao released after 8 years in prison Saharkhiz later received a sentence of three years in prison for conspiring against the government and insulting the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Singled out as a former insider ? During his incarceration , the writer said he was subjected to physical and emotional abuse , while also being held in solitary confinement for long periods . "  In January , in the winter , they sent me on the roof of the jail for two hours when the weather was very cold , " Saharkhiz said . "  They put me out without any shoes , any socks , and very few clothes . " Experts say Iranian authorities reserved especially harsh treatment of well-known intellectuals such as Saharkhiz because he was a former regime insider , who had risen to prominence after the Islamic Revolution of 1979 . For a decade , he worked as a reporter for one of the main state news agencies . He also founded a free-speech advocacy group called the Society for the Defense of Freedom on the Press . "  Saharkhiz is not an outsider to the regime . Like others in the reformist movement that emerged from within the ranks of the government of the Islamic Republic , Saharkhiz angered many , including the Supreme Leader , " said Behzad Yaghmaian , an Iranian-American academic and author of "  Social Change in Iran . " Yaghmaian commended Saharkhiz for his "  principled resistance to the government and the supreme leader . " "  People like Saharkhiz are considered even more dangerous than those opposing the regime from outside , " he added . As the elder Saharkhiz languished in prison in 2009 , his son Mehdi became an opposition activist from the relative safety of exile in New Jersey . Using Twitter , Facebook and YouTube , Mehdi distributed amateur videos smuggled from Iran showing Iranian security forces beating and arresting demonstrators . "  The least I can do is get their voices out , " he said , in a 2010 interview with CNN . Election of Rouhani may have had impact Mehdi has lived in the United States for many years , and last year became a naturalized American citizen . His father was stationed in New York for several years in the 1990s while working for IRNA , the official Iranian news agency . During that time , Mehdi attended high school in suburbs outside New York City . Four years after his arrest , the elder Saharkhiz said there was no formal reason given for his release . But he said the move was likely linked to the recent election of Hassan Rouhani to the post of president . Several other dissidents detained during the 2009 crackdown were released last month , according to the English-language daily Tehran Times . The Iranian government never issued a formal explanation for why these political prisoners were freed . Rouhani campaigned on a platform of reform and an end to Iran 's international isolation . Last month , he called for a negotiated end to Tehran 's long feud with Washington over its nuclear program . His charm offensive during a visit to the United Nations General Assembly climaxed with a brief phone conversation with Barak Obama . It was the first direct contact between American and Iranian presidents in more than 30 years . "  Not the system , but the situation has changed , " explained Isa Saharkhiz , during his interview with CNN . Though optimistic about Rouhani 's presidency , Saharkhiz warned that Iran was a "  double state , " where true power lies in the hands of Supreme Leader Khamenei and senior military commanders . He argued that expanded relations with Washington and the removal of crippling economic sanctions would help moderate figures such as Rouhani engaged in policy and power struggles with Iranian hard-liners . Removal of American embargoes would also help ordinary Iranians who could no longer afford life-saving foreign phamaceuticals , he said . Saharkhiz 's note of cautious optimism was echoed by his son . "  There 's a lot of hope from what Rouhani did in the U.S. and there 's a lot of good response from the people , " Mehdi said . "  But then you have a lot of people who were in charge before the election and are still in charge and do n't like it . " Son not sure when he can travel to Tehran For now , Mehdi says it is not safe for him to return to Iran to visit his father . He has yet to fulfill his mandatory Iranian military service , and he fears he could be detained due to his own outspoken criticism of the regime . "  Maybe in a few years I will be able to go back , but it 's a really big risk , " he said . Meanwhile , his father predicted he is still at risk of being thrown back in prison . "  I will support freedom in Iran , and maybe criticize the leadership in Iran , " he said . "  So it is possible that they will come here and capture me again . " Both father and son hope , however , that the authorities will lift an earlier travel ban that prevented the veteran journalist from leaving Iran . If so , the two hope to reunite for the first time in more than a decade in a third country such as the United Arab Emirates or Turkey . "  It will be a very emotional time , " Isa Saharkhiz said . It would be , his son said , a dream come true . In April : Four Italian journalists released from captivity in Syria	Dissident journalist recently released from prison Isa Saharkhiz had criticized country 's supreme leader His son , Mehdi , lobbied for his release from the U.S.
CNN  -- I am encouraged by Mark Cuban 's clunky remarks . Granted , when Dallas Mavericks owner made statements about prejudice and Donald Sterling , they were insensitive and ironic . "  If I see a black kid in a hoodie and it 's late at night , I 'm walking to the other side of the street , " he said in an interview on inc.com , triggering fresh painful images of Trayvon Martin . He went on to say if he saw "  a white guy with a shaved head and tattoos " he 'd do the same thing . The irony is many members of the NBA are black , several white players have tattoos and many of them likely have a hoodie hanging in their lockers . However , Cuban was willing to be self-reflective in his attempt to voice his bias and made mistakes in that effort -- that is critically important to advancing our public discourse on the complexities of race in America . I do n't think anyone can disagree at Cuban 's basic premise that we all have some level of prejudice or bias . Yet what rouses emotions to a call for action is the most destructive and violent strains of prejudice , bigotry and racism . What we witnessed in the Donald Sterling interview with Anderson Cooper was not him trying to have an honest conversation about bias like Cuban ; what we saw was a bigot in denial arguing his case to keep his property . That property otherwise known as the LA Clippers is slipping from him . Commissioner Adam Silver said Donald Sterling violated the NBA constitution and is confident the league will be able to force Sterling and his wife to sell the franchise . Sterling has lost his legacy and will be forever known as a disgrace to the NBA and an icon of ignorance . At this point , the best way Sterling could change the way he 'll be remembered in history is to come clean . "  Hi . My name is Donald Sterling . I am a racist . I need help . " It 's been said the worst thing to be labeled in America is racist . But why the worst ? It certainly is not the most unnatural thing to be , especially if you 're from a certain era or region . American history is steeped in racist institutions , ideology and imagery . Being a racist in America is n't the lowest , actually it 's highly probable . Donald Sterling has proven to be an all-star racist and he is part of an American legacy . All men are created equal : An enlightened philosophy , yet a near impossible practice . Our revolutionary road towards equality is long , bloody , littered with hypocrisy and utterly beautiful . What makes this country great is not its perfect walk to freedom for all , but its commitment to paving the way mile by painful imperfect mile . Racists are not always hateful or uneducated -- they are complicated , resistant , underdeveloped people , often the product of complex , cruel , greedy times and institutions . The brutal business of slavery in the U.S. is older than its Constitution . The Declaration of Independence was drafted during the height of the transatlantic slave trade while also slaughtering millions of indigenous Americans . It 's complicated . How can America expect its citizens not to be conflicted ? The foundation of our mighty agricultural economy was built on the international institution of slavery . Strong black bodies were bought and sold to perform specific work , which they were able to do with superior efficacy . The extraordinary physical capabilities and the impressive capacity to adapt and innovate of black men  and women  made many white men very rich for many years . Donald Sterling is not so singular , not some ancient artifact -- he has built his wealth on an old successful American business model . He is not alone or fully to blame for his racist mentality . The belief that the best use of black and brown people is to serve , labor , produce and entertain is part of America 's long history and continues to this day . There are obvious metaphors connecting antebellum plantation operations to Sterling 's comments about his ownership of the LA Clippers . However , we do n't have to look as far back as slavery for support for why his being a racist is n't shocking . Donald Sterling  born Donald Totowitz  was born in 1934 . Brown v the Board of Education was in 1954 . Rosa Parks was arrested in 1955 and the landmark civil rights decision in Loving v the State of Virginia happened in 1967 . Sterling was an adult with a character and morals already formed before the arrival of the civil rights movement . The movement happened but it 's naive to believe the whole country would move with it . Sterling lived and flourished during legal , government sanctioned discriminatory and racists policies . Wealth for the privileged white male can create a power buffer against the messy work of civil rights . Clearly Sterling is a shrewd businessman . So if there were no obvious or immediate benefit for him to have an awakening of equality , why would he ? It pays for Sterling , and has for many others , to be racist . To declare , "  I am not a racist " while clearly communicating racist beliefs is actually the worst . Adding insult to ignorance , Sterling said "  I am not a racist " countless times during his interview with Anderson Cooper , alternating it with some of the most racists statements heard in mainstream media this century . Proclaiming , "  I am not a racist " while proving your racist ideology is more insulting and more dangerous than actually being racist . Denial is more diabolical than ignorance . It prevents the possibility of education and evolution . It would be far more encouraging if the next Sterling would just come out say . "  Yes , I am a racist " . Or during the inevitable awkward public apology , instead of the expected and lame , "  If I offended anybody I 'm sorry , " be courageous , admit it : "  What I said was racist and I am sorry . " Now that would be progress . It 's also time for America to be really brave and take full responsibility for its racist past and current racist practices . To stop clutching its proverbial pearls every time one of our neighbors or leaders or landlords exposes their racist education . Our collective denial is stalling our advancement to a more perfect union . Donald Sterling is accomplished and educated , so one can only imagine the beliefs of the scores of less fortunate and underexposed . Numerous white supremacist groups are thriving right in our back yards . They too are citizens stuck in time , pathetically clinging to a bitter romanticized past where America was ruled solely by white males . Racists or people holding racist beliefs have to stop being cowards , face their racism and be willing to recover so we can all can get down to the better business of creating a land of the free home of the brave . Being a racist is not the worst . Lying about it , denying it and refusing recovery is . Admitting racism may very well be the first and critical step to actually ending it . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Michaela Angela Davis calls Cuban 's comments clumsy , but tepid next to Sterling 's Cuban , she said , acknowledged inherent prejudices while Sterling denies them Sterling 's character was formed in an America battling the birth of the Civil Rights era , she says Davis : It pays for Sterling to be racist , so it would be better for him just to own up to it
CNN  Sitting down with Mastercard 's President of International Markets , Ann Cairns , here at the World Economic Forum in Davos , I was reminded how fortunate I am to cover this event each January . I had already experienced two "  Davos moments " in the Swiss mountain town : as I entered the congress center I passed Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg and then IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde . "  You can have it all , despite what you 're reading in all the magazines that you ca n't , " Cairns told me as I interviewed her for CNN 's Leading Women series . She 's just one of many high-profile women attending WEF this year , and rejects the notion that working mothers ca n't have successful careers . Davos is a gathering of great minds and change-makers from across the globe , and its theme this year is "  The New Global Context " . The focus takes in everything from fighting terror to addressing the growing income divide . But this year just 17 % of participants at this invitation-only summit are female ; an increase on 15 % in 2014 , but still far too small a number . Meanwhile , on the Fortune 500 list , just 3.4 % of corporations have female CEOs . Clearly , there is work to do . In 2010 WEF introduced a new policy allowing corporations to bring a fifth senior leader to the summit  as opposed to the general limit of four  , as long as both men and women were in the delegation . Progress has been made with initiatives like this , but the event remains dominantly male . Facebook 's VP of global marketing Carolyn Everson thinks change will come . She told Fortune , "  In the coming years , the number of attendees who are women will rise , as the conversations that are taking place all around us today are going to fundamentally impact the path for women in the future . " Based in London , Ann Cairns told me she believes the "  U.S. is a few years ahead of Europe " in seeing women rise up the corporate ladder . "  When it comes to corporate boards , she is torn on the question of whether or not there should be quotas . "  I think it 's a very difficult area , because I would like to see more women on boards . I would hate to think I got onto a board because of a quota , and I think most women would feel that way . "  Is it moving fast enough ? I think it could probably move faster . " Ertharin Cousin , executive director of the World Food Program , explained why the World Food Program focuses so much on women . "  Because women make the difference , in all the communities that we serve ; even in our households , women have big voices . " Cousin runs the $ 5.4 billion aid program -- but the path to her position was filled with hurdles . She recounted an experience in law school when she was given advice on how to excel in a job interview . "  Ensure that your client does n't see you as a woman , " she was told , "  because that was still seen as a detriment . "  It was still seen that if you were a woman you would not have the ability to go into a courtroom and represent a client ; that you needed to be sexless . " Clearly she did n't take that advice . "  I went in for a job interview . I wore a red coat dress ; because I said if they 're going to hire me it wo n't be because of what I 'm wearing , and they need to know from the time I sit down in the chair to when I walk in the door that they 're hiring a woman ; a woman who is capable of performing the work . " There 's a lot of work -- game-changing work -- being done by the women here at WEF . This is a place that humbles just about everyone because it 's hard to digest the caliber of many of the attendees and the magnitude of change for the better they are striving for . There are also remarkable men here focused on women . The youngest of the 1,500 business leaders from over 100 countries here is 22 year old Alain Nteff from Cameroon , who has created an app called Gifted Mom dedicated to the health of pregnant women . It is helping to lower the death rate among expectant mothers and newborns in his country . WEF 's mission statement says it is "  committed to improving the state of the world through public-private cooperation . " And as Ann Cairns tweeted : "  men and women make truly productive teams . " Let 's hope in the coming years they will also be equal in number . The opinions expressed in this story are solely those of Poppy Harlow .	CNN correspondent Poppy Harlow reports from Davos on the lack of female presence Emma Watson made an impassioned speech at the forum about equal rights High profile women including Sheryl Sandberg and Christine Lagarde also attended
Albany , New York  CNN  -- The number of Americans living in states covered by same-sex marriage laws has more than doubled after New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo signed a bill into law that gave gay and lesbian couples the right to marry . Cuomo signed the measure after it passed a Republican-controlled Senate on Friday night , raising questions as to whether the move reflects new momentum in the gay rights movement . Cuomo said the law will grant same-sex couples equal rights to marry "  as well as hundreds of rights , benefits and protections that are currently limited to married couples of the opposite sex . " A few of those are the right of inheritance , employer health benefits and a host of state tax benefits . That will not include Social Security benefits through a spouse , because that is a federal benefit . The controversial law passed by a narrow 33-to-29 vote -- a first for a GOP-led state Senate -- making New York the sixth state in the union to legalize same-sex marriage . But the decision also drew a sharp rebuke from opponents , who spent millions to try to defeat the measure . "  We worry that both marriage and the family will be undermined by this tragic presumption of government in passing this legislation that attempts to redefine these cornerstones of civilization , " the state 's Catholic bishops said in a joint statement released late Friday . It was signed by Archbishop Timothy M. Dolan and seven other bishops . Opponents of the marriage equality law have vowed to take political action against any Republican who voted for the bill . New York , which gave birth to the gay rights movement in the 1960s , will become the sixth state to allow same-sex marriages . Currently , Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont and New Hampshire and the District of Columbia grant same-sex marriage licenses . New York state 's population is 19,378,102 , according to the 2010 U.S Census . The population of the other five states plus Washington equals 15,671,450 : Massachusetts has 6,547,629 residents , Connecticut has 3,574,097 , Iowa has 3,007,856 , New Hampshire has 1,316,470 , Vermont has 625,741 and Washington has 599,657 . The Senate vote came after days of delays that included last-minute negotiations , passing by a slim margin with the support of four Republicans . Cuomo credited four Republican senators who joined the majority of the state 's Senate Democrats for the passage of the bill -- which is to take effect in 30 days -- saying they were "  people of courage . " "  I think it was politically more dangerous for a Republican , " Cuomo told reporters late Friday . "  The conservative party was threatening them with consequences ... and they did it anyway . " A vote on the measure , which the Assembly passed June 15 , had been stalled in the Senate . But it turned a corner late Friday , according to Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos , after lawmakers agreed on an amendment to protect religious groups from litigation that had been pushed by Republicans . The Assembly passed a new version of the bill that included the amendment about religious institutions . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who courted Republicans to approve the bill , called the vote a "  historic triumph for equality and freedom . " "  In recent weeks , I have had many conversations with our state senators . I emphasized that not only is marriage equality consistent with bedrock American principles , but it is also consistent with bedrock Republican Party principles of liberty and freedom -- and the Republicans who stood up today for those principles will long be remembered for their courage , foresight , and wisdom . In fact , 10 or 20 or 30 years from now , I believe they will look back at this vote as one of their finest , proudest moments , " Bloomberg said in a statement released shortly after the vote . CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report .	NEW : The number of people living in states covered by same-sex marriage doubles Catholic bishops in New York rebuke same-sex marriage law Same-sex couples can get married in New York within 30 days Law provides hundreds of other state benefits formerly out of reach
CNN  -- President Obama on Wednesday will assume the delicate role of comforting a nation still in shock in the aftermath of the Arizona shootings while also transcending the tragedy to move a grieving nation forward . As difficult and unique as the task may be , Obama needs to look no further than his role model Ronald Reagan and his Democratic predecessor Bill Clinton for a lesson in how to console the country . Both presidents were praised for the leadership they showed in the aftermath of two domestic disasters -- the Challenger explosion in 1986 and the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 . "  This is Obama 's Challenger-Oklahoma City moment , " presidential historian Douglas Brinkley said . Reagan and Clinton each paid tribute to the victims , gave support to the survivors and struck a tone of healing , as Obama will likely do when he speaks at the memorial service at the University of Arizona in Tucson . Were you affected by the shootings ? Share your memories , tributes The White House has n't released details of what the president will say except that he will devote most of his remarks to memorializing the victims . A 9-year-old girl , a federal judge and four others were killed in the weekend shooting . Rep. Gabrielle Giffords remains in critical condition after being shot in the head . "  Obama 's speech will be a vigil with rhetoric that does n't soar , but touches the heart , " Brinkley said . "  We want him to be our empathizer-in-chief . He 's our representative at the memorial service for how we collectively feel . And that 's what powerful rhetoric from presidents can do . " Reagan and Clinton both delivered speeches that were brief yet poignant when they addressed a grieving public . Reagan encouraged the country to find "  the courage to look for the seeds of hope . " In the aftermath of a bombing that killed 168 people , Clinton told mourners , "  You have lost too much , but you have not lost everything . And you have certainly not lost America , for we will stand with you for as many tomorrows as it takes . " Brinkley calls Clinton 's memorial remarks "  the finest speech " he ever gave . "  If -LSB- Obama -RSB- can get anywhere near the perfect tone touched after Oklahoma City , the country will be deeply grateful to him , " he said . But whether Obama 's speech serves as a pivotal unifying moment in his presidency depends on his ability to put the tragedy in a larger context , said Michael Wagner , a professor in the political science department at the University of Nebraska . "  Typically the shelf life of presidential speeches is pretty short , " Wagner said . "  On the other hand , he is somebody who ran for office as someone who wanted to change the tone in Washington , so it certainly could galvanize his efforts with respect to that particular goal . " Although there is no indication that the heated political atmosphere played a part in the shooter 's motive , lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have called on their colleagues to tone it down . Goodwill , however , evaporates quickly in politics . "  To expect that this speech is going to change things is a pretty high expectation , " Wagner noted . Jeff Shesol , a Clinton speech writer , said there is a need for the president to be heard in moments such as these . Shesol worked with Clinton on the remarks he gave in the aftermath of the massacre at Columbine High School in 1999 , among other speeches . "  You are stopping to reflect on this loss , what has been lost and then all you can do is suggest the possibility of moving on . We are a ways from that moment ... but you can suggest that possibility of transcending this moment and finding some sort of peace in your grief , " said Shesol , founding partner of the speech writing and strategy firm West Wing Writers . Obama began working on his speech Monday night . The president is expected to speak at the memorial service at 6 p.m. local time . While the service is open to the campus and the Tucson community , Obama 's words will be heard by the nation . "  He is speaking first and most immediately to the families who are grieving , he is speaking to the local community which is badly shaken , and of course he is speaking to the national audience because we are all caught up in this together , " Shesol said . And no matter what approach he takes , the president can expect his words to be scrutinized . "  It should not have the feel of politics to it at all , but there is no question that these are political moments , " Shesol said .	Obama to speak at memorial service for victims of Arizona shooting "  This is Obama 's Challenger-Oklahoma City moment , " historian Douglas Brinkley says Impact of speech depends on if Obama puts tragedy in broader context , professor says Speech writer says no matter what he says , Obama 's words will be scrutinized .
CNN  -- Three monkeys dressed in suits crouch on bulging sacks of money , striking the symbolic pose of "  hear no evil , see no evil , speak no evil . " At more than 10-meters tall , the imposing chimps are the size of a three-storey building , dwarfing onlookers gazing up at their grim , spray-painted faces . The menacing monkeys are joined on all sides by similarly fantastical and macabre creatures -- from skeleton divers to slobbering pigs -- and you get the feeling that out here , in the desolate British marshlands , no one would hear you scream were they to come alive . Welcome to the Duke of Lancaster . A hulking , rusting , abandoned ship on the Dee Estuary in north Wales , which has become a canvas for some of the most renowned graffiti artists from across Europe . Read related : Ghostly underwater art gallery breathes new life to sunken ship "  It 's got the potential to be the biggest open-air art project in the world , " ship co-ordinator , Paul Williams , said . "  The quality and size of the pieces is spectacular -- there are n't many places in the world that can accommodate artworks 10-meters high . " Work of art At a whopping 137-meters long , seven storeys tall , and weighing 4,500-tons , the former cruise liner is an awe-inspiring sight in the deserted countryside . It was this remarkable setting which prompted graffiti collective DuDug -- a word play on the Welsh for "  black duke " -- to approach the ship 's owners with the innovative idea of turning the abandoned vessel into a thriving arts destination . With the owners ' approval , artists from across Europe began spray painting the decrepit ship , using cherry pickers -- a type of hydraulic aerial work platform -- to reach its towering walls . They are now campaigning to have the site reopened to the public as the centerpiece of an arts festival . "  When the pieces first started appearing , we had some people say ` that 's no way to treat the ship . ' " Williams said . "  But there 's no doubt that what they 're doing is art -- the key definition between art and graffiti is graffiti is done illegally . This , however , is done with the owner 's knowledge and accommodation . "  And if it 's the catalyst for regeneration , it 's got to be a good thing , " added Williams . More from Mainsail : World 's top five ` boatels ' Vibrant vessel The surreal artworks of punk geishas and bandit businessmen have an anarchist aesthetic inspired by the history of the ship -- particularly the owners ' struggle with the local council to keep it open . The largest of these pieces is "  Eduk the Diver " -- a skeleton in a retro deep-sea diving suit -- which is 18-meters tall and 14-meters wide . Hailing from across Europe , the top graffiti artists include France 's GOIN , who created the impressive Council of Monkeys image , and Latvian KIWIE who painted the creepy pirates on the ship 's bow . "  The first phase of artists chose the theme of corruption to work with and their artworks certainly portrayed this , " Dudug co-ordinator , Maurice Blunt , said . "  I can see no better way to bring the historical plight of this beautiful old lady to the world other than creating a true landmark -- the largest open air gallery in Europe . " From ferry to funship It 's the latest reincarnation for a ship which began life as a British passenger ferry in 1956 . Built in the same shipyard in Belfast as the Titanic , the Duke boasted an opulent interior , silver service restaurant and spacious cabins . "  She was one of the finest vessels afloat at the time , " Williams said of the ship , which also operated as a luxury cruise liner during the summer months . In 1970 the Duke was converted into a car ferry and by 1978 she was destined for the scrap yard when four entrepreneurs bought her in the hope of turning her into a land-based leisure and retail complex . And so in 1979 the Funship , as she was known , was permanently beached on the banks of the Dee Esturay and equipped with a mall , cinema , game arcade , restaurant , nightclub and hotel rooms . Eerie inspiration But the fun times would be short lived . The council withdrew support for the ship due to safety concerns , and it closed in 1985 . "  After many years of long-running disputes with the council , the owners decided to lock the doors , walk away and concentrate on other business ventures , " Williams said . "  John Rowley  one of the owners  always wanted to see the ship have a purposeful use and has continued to fight tirelessly to make that happen . "  Inside , it 's like a time capsule . Other than some minor vandalism , it 's immaculate . " The untouched interior adds a ghostly quality to the historic ship , which cuts an impressive figure on the deserted quay . "  It 's a very eerie place , " Williams said . "  But that 's part of the reason why it captures people 's imaginations . "	Grounded ship , Duke of Lancaster , attracts graffiti artists from across world The ship has a rich history , from passenger ferry to beached Funship The vessel was left to decay until arts collective DuDug set to work Campaign to turn ship into centerpiece of arts festival
Democrats lost big on Election Night in 2014 , but Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts argued Wednesday that some of the results were positive for the liberal wing of her party . "  Here is the second piece of really good news , we know what to do and the American people get it . They are ready , " Warren said at the Center for American Progress "  Making Progress " policy conference at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington . She then launched into a portion of her speech about how some post-election polls found that battle ground voters stood closer to Democrats on certain issues . In particular , Warren highlighted a Hart Research project of battleground voters in 11 states across the country . The survey was conducted for the the AFL-CIO , a labor group . The Hart survey found that despite sending Republicans to Congress and to take control of the Senate , a majority of voters wanted to raise taxes on the wealthy , raise the minimum wage to $ 10.10 and increase funding for public schools from preschool to college . "  People across this country get it , " Warren said . "  Sure , there is a lot of work to be done and there is a long way to go before Democrats can reclaim the right to say we are righting for America 's people . " She added . "  No , we are not there yet . But do n't forget the good news : Our agenda is America 's agenda . " Warren , who is seen as the liberal heart of her party , was elevated to leadership after the trouncing her party took at the ballot box in November . Liberal groups have also argued that the 2014 election proved that liberal Democratic policies , like those Warren championed on Wednesday , are the future of the party . "  Warren was the most popular Democrat on the campaign trail for a reason : Her message of taking on Wall Street , reducing student debt , and expanding Social Security benefits is popular everywhere , " wrote Adam Green and Stephanie Taylor , heads of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , in an opinion-editorial for The Hill . "  Focusing on big ideas is the path forward for progressives and Democrats . The Warren wing of American politics is ready to lead . "	Elizabeth Warren spoke at the Center for American Progress "  Making Progress " conference Warren argued that Democratic policies won in 2014 even if Democrats themselves did n't Warren is considered a major figure in the liberal wing of her party
Barcelona  CNN  -- What does an acclaimed chef do for an encore after he 's closed the best restaurant in the world ? For Ferran Adria , former head chef of Spain 's elBulli , it 's creating a new menu of big ideas . Called the elBulli Foundation , Adria 's new umbrella enterprise will encompass everything from an Internet search engine of gastronomy to a food laboratory to a huge visitor center . All of this is necessary , he says , to explain his theories not just about cooking but about creativity writ large . "  Here you will eat knowledge , " says the great chef of his elBulli Foundation . More like a physicist or philosopher than a chef , Adria says he 's come up with a "  theory of everything " -- a model to unlock creativity in any walk of life . Dali in the kitchen "  This is not about cooking . It 's about creativity , " he says , speaking through a translator while walking through the building that will house his new operation , an abandoned textile factory , in Barcelona , home to great Catalan innovators such as architect Antoni Gaudi and surrealist paint Salvador Dali . The elBulli Foundation will spawn a research laboratory , BulliPedia  an online encyclopedia of food  and massive open online courses to teach gastronomy and creativity . "  I am a cook but no one else is thinking these things , " he says . He believes Bullipedia will become the most disruptive Internet venture since Wikipedia . Adria tends to speak of himself as "  we . " It 's his way of recognizing his collaborators , some of who have gone on to create their own great restaurants . "  We have thought many times that we are crazy , " he says . "  If that is so then we must be changing many things . " With the passion of the self-taught , Adria speaks with his hands as much as his mouth , kneading the air as if it were pastry , pinching fingers together to make points as if adding salt . It 's all in the recipe Any business , skill or art can be improved with a touch of elBulli magic , he suggests . "  The aim of this project is to show people they can be creative ... to be creative about any process , " says Adria , waving his arms so vigorously you 're glad he 's not wielding a kitchen knife . Adria , 52 , is a native of Catalonia . He joined the army at 19 and became a cook . He was hired to the kitchen staff of elBulli restaurant at 22 , working in the little restaurant on the beach at Roses on the Costa Brava north of Barcelona . Rising to head chef , he was recognized as an innovator , leading elBulli to a record five wins in the "  world 's best restaurant " awards . A pioneer in molecular gastronomy , Adria liberated new tastes and developed new methods such as nitrogen-infused foams . Despite holding three Michelin stars -- menu items included frozen whisky sour candy and tobacco-flavored blackberries -- elBulli closed in July 2011 . During a two-hour tour of his enormous new space , Adria explains the creative force that drove him to lead the world 's best restaurant , only to close it after 25 years . A polymath and control freak , Adria 's new kitchen of ideas features hundreds of meters of foam pinboards with ideas big and small sketched on them . There 's also a scale model of the huge visitor center he plans for the coast next to the now-closed elBulli restaurant . Articles about Google founder Larry Page are pinned to one board . Another has diagrams of cuts of meat from a pig . Truffle ice cream A sprawling library houses every recipe ever cooked at elBulli and an archive of food and recipes going back to the 15th century . "  In 1768 there was black truffle ice cream , " says the man who created liquid olives . "  If you think I do crazy things , that 's even more amazing . The things that were done many years ago were so far ahead of their time . " Adria is planning what he says will be the first exhibition of its kind about the creative process , set for an October opening at Telefonica exhibition space in Madrid . The "  InvestigaciÃ ³ n y del MÃ © todo CientÃfico " will be an examination of the scientific methods behind elBulli . At the center of the exhibition is a Creativity Map , a sort of astrological chart outlining the process that takes an idea through trial and error to finished product . "  Everything is in the map , " he says , explaining how the broad chart can provide the answer to almost anything . Adria is free with his advice and major institutions around the world seek his input . He lectures at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . It 's how he tells 'em Some of his truisms may sound so simple as to be half-baked , but there 's a driving force behind his seeming madness : deconstruct everything . A few beauties from the Adria lexion : "  A fried egg is chemistry . " "  Eating with chopsticks is more sensual so we made  elBulli  chopsticks . " "  People ask me how I get my ideas ... if you go to the toilet with a magazine you are thinking . " Critics have called his food pretentious , even dangerous to consume . But the fans of haute cuisine love him . The big question , of course , is when is Adria going to cook again ? His answer will disappoint many . Adria says he turned away two million potential reservations for elBulli in its final year . He now plans to serve only 20 meals a year : 10 paid and 10 free . Right now he 's focused on solving bigger questions : "  What type of information do we need about ravioli so that it becomes knowledge ? "	Former head chef of Spain 's elBulli , is launching a new venture Ferran Adria 's elBulli Foundation will include a search engine of gastronomy and visitor center Adria says he 's come up with a "  theory of everything " ... a model to unlock creativity in any walk of life His "  creativity map " outlines the process that takes an idea from inspiration to finished product
CNN  -- Necessity , so the saying goes , is the mother of all invention . But as history often shows adversity is often the catalyst for creativity , inspiring inventors to life-saving feats of ingenuity . Gripping story Italian Vitale Bramani is credited with creating the world 's first vulcanized rubber sole after six climbing companions perished in a snowstorm on the Italian Alps in 1935 . Bramani concluded that the climber 's hobnail boots were in part to blame and set about trying to improve grip and flexion of the sole . In 1936 he designed his first rubber sole and the following year , with help from tire manufacturer Pirelli , launched the first Vibram sole . An historic peak in the Vibram story was reached in July 1954 when an Italian expedition led by Ardito Desio  equipped with boot soles made by Vibram  became the first reach the summit of the world 's second highest mountain K2 in Pakistan . Today , the company manufacture 40 million pairs of rubber soles annually , supplying shoe manufacturers around the world including Merrell , Timberland , Hugo Boss and Prada . Wind-up merchant British inventor Trevor Baylis was inspired to create his wind-up radio after seeing a 1991 TV program about the spread of HIV/AIDS across the African continent . In a bid to help the transmission of health safety messages , Baylis set about building a radio that worked without electricity or batteries -- both of which are in short supply across Africa . Using a hand crank , a spring and a small dynamo , Baylis was able to produce enough energy to power a radio . The later addition of a clockwork mechanism also enabled the amount of power to be controlled . Millions of Africans have benefited from his invention , but Baylis has n't profited financially from his brilliant brainwave . Earlier this year , the 76-year-old told a British newspaper that he was broke and could be forced to sell his London home . Space spinoff NASA engineer Jan Zysko 's was inspired to invent a compact cabin pressure monitor following the tragic death of golfer Payne Stewart in October 1999 . The double U.S. Open champion was traveling on a Learjet from Orlando , Florida to Dallas , Texas when the cabin pressure gradually started to fall . Hypoxia  oxygen deprivation  incapacitated and then killed both pilots , Stewart and three other passengers before the plane , which was on autopilot , ran out of fuel and crashed . The Personal Cabin Pressure Altitude Monitor and Warning System is a hand-held device that uses sounds , vibrations and visual warnings to alert users to possible hypoxia-causing conditions before it 's too late , NASA says . The invention earned Zysko NASA 's Commercial and Government Invention of the Year Award in 2003 . Inflating survival chances John Hetrick was inspired to invent an airbag after crashing his car while out on a Sunday drive with his wife and seven-year-old daughter in 1952 . The U.S. industrial engineer ended up in a ditch after swerving to evade a rock in the road -- his daughter only avoided hitting the dashboard thanks to the outstretched arms of Hetrick and his wife . The experience prompted Hetrick to create and patent a "  safety cushion " device which inflated when a car comes to an abrupt halt . Although the idea failed to attract the interest of the automobile industry at the time , his work paved the way for future models . Airbags came into widespread use in cars towards the end of the 1980s and have helped save thousands of lives around the world . The first production motorcycles to be equipped with airbags started appearing in 2006 . A smokin ' idea African-American inventor Garrett Morgan gave the world not one , but two lifesaving devices . Watching firefighters battling smoke in burning buildings inspired Morgan to invent the "  Safety Hood " in 1912 which is considered a forerunner to the gas mask . The patented invention consisted of a hood and two tubes -- one long tube to breathe in cleaner air at ground level and another to exhale . In 1916 , Morgan used the device to help rescue two men from a smoke-filled tunnel after an explosion at the Cleveland Waterworks . His bravery earned the inventor a gold medal from the International Association of Fire Chiefs . Seven years later , Morgan was helping save more lives , this time on the roads . After witnessing a traffic accident at an intersection he invented a new electric traffic signal . Rather than just having "  Stop " and "  Go " signs , Morgan 's traffic light included a third position -- similar in principle to today 's amber signal -- warning drivers to be cautious . General Electric bought Morgan 's patent for $ 40,000 .	Inventors often inspired to break new ground in the wake of trauma and tragedy Italian Vitale Bramini made world 's first rubber-soled shoes following death of climbers British inventor inspired to help millions affected by HIV/AIDS in Africa with wind-up radio Death of golfer Payne Stewart led NASA scientist to invent cabin pressure monitor
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- From the time her daughter was very young , Briana Vartanian knew something was wrong . Lola Vartanian , whose autism was diagnosed two months ago , is already doing better with therapy , Mom says . Lola did n't smile . She did n't laugh . When she and Lola took walks in the park , Vartanian noticed how the other babies loved to be held by their mothers . Lola hated being touched and even more being held . But there was something even more devastating to Vartanian , who lives in Ladera Ranch , California . "  Lola never looked at me -- she looked through me . She had no idea who Mommy was , " Vartanian said . "  And other kids love it when someone comes up to them and smiles . She 'd freak out if someone approached her -- even if it was me or my husband . " Vartanian told her pediatrician she was worried , the doctor told her Lola was fine . "  She kept telling me wait and see , wait and see , and that really annoyed me , " Vartanian said . At first she took the took the doctor 's advice but then decided to seek a second opinion . A couple of months ago , when Lola was 14 months old , she saw a pediatric neurologist , who diagnosed autism . Lola immediately started receiving special therapy . "  You always wonder if it would have made a difference if they 'd caught it earlier , " Vartanian said . The American Academy of Pediatrics is making a push to have every child screened for autism twice by age 2 . The academy 's new report gives explicit instructions for the warning signs of autism at various ages . Parents should watch for signs , including not making eye contact , not recognizing a parent 's voice , not babbling by age 9 months and not using pre-speech gestures such as waving , pointing and showing . Watch for other autism signs to look out for " Autism encompasses a range of developmental disabilities that affects communication and social interaction . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates as many as one in 150 8-year-olds has a form of autism . Dr. Pauline Filipek , a child neurologist at the University of California-Irvine , said she hears much too often that even when parents push pediatricians , the doctors miss the signs of autism . "  I hear this from parents all the time , that the pediatrician said , ` Do n't worry , ' or ` You 're imagining things ' or ` Let 's wait , ' " Filipek said . "  When I give lectures to pediatricians , I tell them , ` Get these phrases out of your lexicon . Get them out of your vocabulary . ' " Earlier diagnosis is crucial , she said , because it means earlier treatment . "  The research is very clear -- the earlier a child is treated , the better , " according to Dr. Ami Klin , Harris associate professor of child psychology and psychiatry at the Yale Child Study Center . "  It 's never too early to start treatment . " Usually autism is diagnosed at around 3 , Klin said . The new American Academy of Pediatrics report tells pediatricians how to screen for the disorder in babies . For example , the report said a child at around 6 months should have a "  to-and-fro pattern of vocalizations between infant and parent " instead of "  vocalizing without regard for the parent 's speech . " The academy 's Web site links to videos of children with autism alongside those of "  typical " children . For example , one video shows a "  typical " child at 20 months playing make-believe games with two adults and trying to feed a bottle to a Big Bird stuffed animal . The accompanying video shows a child of the same age with autism in the same setting , ignoring the adults and stuffed animal and becoming aggravated when someone reaches out to him .  The video , part of a visual autism "  glossary " on the Web site of the advocacy and education group Autism Speaks , requires registration . Alison Singer , executive vice president of Autism Speaks , said she hopes the academy 's report will help families get an earlier diagnosis than the one she received for her daughter Jodie , 10 . "  I often think Jodie 's life would be different right now if she 'd been diagnosed earlier , " Singer said . "  She was diagnosed when she was 2 years and 8 months old . What if she 'd been able to have early intervention when she was 12 or 18 months old ? " Singer said she also missed the signs , including echolalia , a tendency to parrot back large chunks of words a child has heard . "  She could recite entire lines from the ` Madeline ' books , so we thought she was advanced , " Singer said . "  So when the doctor asked if she could put two words together , I said , ` She speaks in full sentences . ' " Vartanian said she 'll always wonder whether Lola would be different if her autism been diagnosed at 6 months , when she first expressed concerns to her pediatrician , instead of more recently . But the child has had therapy for about two months , and Vartanian is thrilled with her progress . At 16 months , Lola can crawl and hold a bottle by herself , Vartanian said . She does n't talk but is starting to coo and babble . And last month , for the first time , Lola looked at , rather than through , her mother . Vartanian cried as she described how it happened : "  She was in her highchair , and I asked her what she wanted to eat . She looked at me and smiled . It was so exciting . I said ` Mommy , you see Mommy . ' She smiled , so I knew that she knew it was me . " E-mail to a friend Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent with CNN Medical News .	American Academy of Pediatrics : Screen every child for autism twice by age 2 Report gives explicit instructions for the warning signs of autism at various ages Autism a range of neurological disorders that affects communication , interaction CDC estimates as many as one in 150 8-year-olds has a form of autism
CNN  -- China 's maritime authorities issued red alerts on Sunday , representing the highest warning for storm tides and waves as Typhoon Fitow approached land , the country 's state news agency , Xinhua , said . Fitow battered the remote southern Japanese island of Okinawa late Saturday , with gusts of up to 120 kilometers per hour  74 miles per hour  , Japan 's Meteorological agency . Fitow is forecast to make landfall between east China 's Fujian and Zhejiang provinces on Monday morning , according to the National Marine Environmental Forecasting Center , Xinhua said . Local authorities have been asked to reinforce harbor facilities and repair sea walls to prepare for the tides , according to Xinhua .	Fitow battered Okinawa It is forecast to make landfall in China on Monday morning
CNN  -- For Heather Neroy , it used to be a tedious process : Whenever she came across an interesting arts-and-crafts project or recipe on the Internet , she would save it for later by copying the link , pasting it into an e-mail and sending it to herself . After that Neroy , a stay-at-home mom from Southern California , would file the e-mail in a folder for future reference . It was n't exactly the most efficient system . Then last year , during one of her browsing sessions , she read a blog post that gushed about a new website called Pinterest . The virtual pinboard , where users can pin and organize images onto individual "  boards , " did n't pique Neroy 's interest at first , but she quickly changed her mind . "  Someone described it as an online filing system , and I thought , ` That 's exactly what I need , ' " she said . Soon Neroy was pinning away and , like many Pinterest users , got quickly hooked . She first started with a Halloween board where she pinned costume ideas . Next , Neroy created a shared color board for redecorating her daughter 's bedroom that she and her husband could add to . Pinterest also allows other users to follow each other 's boards and "  re-pin " another person 's images . In no time Neroy was sharing other people 's pins and following users with similar tastes . "  It 's been really neat to see what other moms are pinning , " she said . "  Some days you run out of ideas and you do n't know what to do to fill the time before bedtime . I thought it was going to be just me organizing , but it 's really a community sharing all these different ideas that I did n't even know existed . " Think of Pinterest as a way of cataloging your passions . Members have used the website to plan weddings and holidays . Others have pinned images of clothes , recipes , architecture , art , crafts , cars and even technology . Thanks to media reports and the devotion of users like Neroy , there 's been a lot of buzz around Pinterest in recent months . In October , TechCrunch confirmed that Pinterest had received $ 27 million of funding from the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowtiz . The pinboard website has been covered and praised extensively by media like Time magazine , and Mashable , which called it "  addictive . " Pinterest co-founder Ben Silbermann declined to cite specifics about the invite-only site 's growth . But Experian Hitwise , an Internet analytics firm , estimates that Pinterest received nearly 11 million total visits during the week ending December 17 , 2011 -- almost 40 times the number of visits six months earlier . Silbermann said what 's most exciting about his website is how it helps you find new influences for things that you like -- and in turn lets other people with shared interests provide feedback on your pins . "  The things that you collect say a lot about who you are , " Silbermann told CNN . "  Our job at Pinterest is to help you discover people who have similar taste . It creates an online catalog where every item is handpicked just for you . " The appeal of content curation Marshall Kirkpatrick , a senior writer at ReadWriteWeb , is not surprised by Pinterest 's success . In an analysis of the website in September , he wrote that Pinterest 's "  clean retro visual design " and our fundamental need to collect and organize are part of its appeal . In an interview with CNN , Kirkpatrick added that collecting "  affirms our relationship with the world around us . " Pinterest offers an easy way to digitally curate content without the pain of cutting clippings or saving endless web pages on your desktop , he said . "  Content curation is a timeless problem that a lot of people have tried to solve , " Kirkpatrick said . "  Pinterest brings a lot of high design to doing it and a lot of user experience . And with a larger group of people then there 's a never-ending supply of content to enjoy . " Yet the concept of content curation is hardly new . FFFFound , vi.sualize.us , We Heart It , Image Spark and Tumblr are among the other websites that offer visual bookmarking with a few clicks and have been doing so for a while . But Elad Gil , director of corporate strategy at Twitter , pointed out in a blog post a few weeks ago that Pinterest takes this further by giving structure to "  push button content generation . " Here 's what he means : Clicking Pinterest 's "  Pin It " button , which can be added to your browser 's bookmarks toolbar , will automatically grab the picture you want from the website you are on . What is different is that it immediately adds it to any of your Pinterest boards , allowing you to categorize your content then and there . The boards each have a separate page and can be easily accessed , shared and viewed on a sort of mother board on your Pinterest profile . "  Importantly , it was easy for new users to consume these sets of content visually as structured sets , and to share these sets with others , " Gil wrote . "  This next wave of social curation will fundamentally change how users find and interact with content over time . " Users : Defining ` your own aesthetic ' Blogger Jonathan Lo , creative director of J3 Productions , a design and marketing agency , often pins using the Pinterest mobile app . He calls using the website "  instinctual . " Lo first started with home and graphic design pins related to his blog and then eventually created a board for his personal taste in fashion . "  It helps you define your own aesthetic , " said Lo , who lives in Irvine , California . "  I noticed patterns and recurring themes , so I got a stronger sense of what style I have . I would n't have necessarily been able to see that earlier . It 's nice to be able to put a sense of order to all the things you like . " Business owners also are flocking to the website to lead new audiences to their products . Jeanine Hays , the creative director and founder of AphroChic , an interior design company and blog , says she uses Pinterest to find inspiration for her business . As a designer , she uses Pinterest as a virtual mood board to develop concepts , and is often up till midnight just pinning . "  Pinterest is a great tool for designers looking for new and different content , " said Hays , who lives in Philadelphia . "  And it is a way to get into the mind of the designer and the brand of the company . My readers can actually see what the next trend is going to look like . " Silbermann believes Pinterest is different from other social networks because users are using the website to catalog their day-to-day activities . "  I think it 's really cool that people are pinning the most important projects in their lives . " he said . "  I think it 's a service that can really make your offline life more interesting . " Neroy is one such user . She is determined to use Pinterest for more offline purposes . "  I want to spend more time doing than pinning , to encourage time with my kids so that mom 's not just sitting at the computer , " she said . In fact , Neroy went as far as to start a blog called Pinfluence to make sure of that . The blog chronicles her Pinterest exploits , in which she picks interesting do-it-yourself pins , tries them out for herself and writes about the results . At present , Neroy has blogged about more than 30 pins , from cleaning her ceiling fans with a pillowcase to an unsuccessful crock-pot lasagna recipe to dressing her daughters in her wedding dress , which has been her most popular post to date . "  I thought it would be interesting to other moms to see me putting my own spin on it and sharing my success and failures , " she said . "  I want to show that if I could do it , they could do it as well . " Neroy added : "  What I tell my friends -LSB- is -RSB- , they are not just pinning but creating . And that 's really where they 'll find the benefit from Pinterest . "	On Pinterest , users can organize images into individual "  boards " Thanks to media reports and the passion of users , there 's been a lot of buzz around Pinterest Co-founder Ben Silbermann : Pinterest "  creates an online catalog " that is "  handpicked " It 's "  a great tool for designers looking for new and different content , " Jeanine Hays says
CNN  -- There were nights this season when college basketball was compelling , but more nights when it looked dysfunctional . There were nights that featured the spectacular Elijah Johnson of Kansas going for 39 in an overtime win at Iowa State this week , but many other nights that featured a confounding loss of artistry on offense . The game has wheezed and sputtered for three months . It dropped a few goblets of oil from the underside of the carriage with games where teams struggled to score 25 points in a half . I am in the business of watching sports , so perhaps that 's why so many people have said to me or sent me an e-mail disappointed at the game they watched the night before . Bleacher Report : Kansas vs. Iowa State Great defense and good defensive coaching can make games look ugly and viewers see night after night that defense has jumped ahead of offense in the college game . But now it 's March and the college game will fire up a brand new ride for March Madness . It will capture the hearts of sporting America as it winds its way through the exalted office tournament pools . But what to do with the old jalopy ? It needs more than new wheels and a fresh coat of paint that will come with the new season in November 2013 . It needs a real fix . Scoring  points per team , per game  could reach a low not seen since the 1952 season . Offense is becoming a routine struggle as players cope with physical defense , tight-fisted coaches , technology and the increased size , speed and athleticism of opponents . Bleacher Report : March Madness 2013 Major League Baseball lowered the pitching mound five inches following the 1968 season after pitchers dominated the game from their mountaintops . The NBA opened up a spigot of offense when it banned hand-checking in 1994 and forearms to the chest of ball handlers facing the basket in 1999 . Hockey started enforcing its rule book as far as restraining fouls for the 2005-06 season and scoring went up . There is a solution that would work for college basketball . But , first , a few that wo n't . Unplug technology Big Brother is watching . The video-statistical knowledge teams have at their fingerprints has hindered the best-laid plans of many teams this season . Ninety percent of teams in Division I men 's basketball use a service provided by Synergy Sports that dissects every play , every tendency of an opponent . George Mason University coach Paul Hewitt said technology is invaluable in scouting an opponents ' offense and understanding the opposition 's strengths . Defense has gotten ahead of offense partly because of this advanced scouting . One coach knows the other coach and his favorite plays . Teams are not only dissecting opponents , they are creating dossiers of referees . What has been the tendency of a referee the last five games to how he makes calls ? Well , here it is on the video . Referee assignments are made before the season in some conferences , a few days before games in other conferences , so there is plenty of time to scout a zebra before he shows up . Officials in basketball influence the game more than any other sport , so knowing who is calling your game or how it will be called is paramount to coaches . Play defense without fouling Defenders are loathe to give up a layup not only because it is two points but also because coaches are screamers and berate kids endlessly about defensive breakdowns . It 's like a slow roller through the first baseman 's legs . What kid wants an earful of abuse ? So the defender fouls with a slight push , which means the dunk at the rim , one of the most exciting plays in the game , is rare . Players need to be forced by the rules to back up to keep a guy in front of them . Let the offensive player shoot the jumper , or risk a foul when you hand check , like the NBA . Players have to be made to play defense with their feet by the referee . The benefit is coaches might actually stop working on defense 70 percent of the time in practice and work on shooting . If there are going to be more open shots , it makes sense to practice them . It would also help the college player going to the NBA where hand-checking is usually not allowed . Send the players to the bench Coaches want players to get physical and dare the referee to invite the wrath of the ticket buyer by whistling every chuck and hand-check . If the refs called everything ear muffs would have to be given out at the door and there would be maddening stop-and-go action . Well , they need to call everything . Stop the bullying and strip-searching of the ball handler once and for all . Universal officiating The ultimate new rule would be to put referees under one system . Right now , they are ruled by each conference office , which is a fiefdom that is loathed to relent power . The NCAA could create satellite offices around the country and assign officials to that office . Do it like the NBA . Grade them , kick the worst out at the end of every season . The refs are independent contractors and some of them are lawyers . They might use their day job to protect their night job and sue to work independently . One coach , who did not want to be named because it might invite the wrath of refs , said consistency in officiating around the country would be enhanced if there was a centralized authority . It wo n't happen . Enforce the rule book Good luck . There is one rule book in college basketball , but many interpretations of that rule book . John Adams , the NCAA coordinator of officials , started a movement toward Freedom of Movement five years ago and one of the ways to accomplish that was to ask referees to "  call the rule book . " That means calling three seconds in the lane to eliminate the shoving for position , whistling post defenders for excessive arm bars to the back , calling hand-checking and blowing the whistle when physical defenders drive dribblers into the sidelines with chest bumps . I had the referee coordinator of a conference tell me that no harm , no foul is fine . No , it 's not , says Adams . A foul is a foul . Reduce the wrestling match in the lane Hewitt , the George Mason University coach , said the game is too physical in the paint and the contact has to be reduced . Here 's a thought : call three seconds on the offensive player . He is not allowed to stand in there four seconds . If there is nobody in there for the defender to wrestle with you have a solution : no scrum . Give coaches more time to work with players in the offseason Brian Gregory , the coach at Georgia Tech , said there will be a transformation in the game within two years if the NCAA allowed college basketball coaches to work more individually with players . The NCAA , of course , will tell coaches to quit spending so much time on defense in practice . Coaches are going to be told to use their time more wisely . The coaches are getting some blame for the choking of offense . They want to let their teams run and gun , but then they see poor decision making in a fast game , which is followed by a turnover . Turnovers do not look good when committed in front of the athletic director , who is the coach 's boss . Bleacher Report : How small ball saved Tar Heels ' season The fans and media hiss at slow , deliberate play , but when a pass sails out of bounds on the break and the player tries to be the least bit creative , the player is labeled careless and it is back to walk-it-up basketball . Now , finally , here 's the solution : The solution is a 24-second shot clock The game will be quicker and more fun . It will eliminate the walk-it-up style and the boring high-ball screen and the same old offense with the current 35-second clock . The coaches will have to let go of the reins and allow more freedom of movement for their players . "  I have petitioned Conference USA for the last three years to let us go to a 24-second clock , " said Memphis head coach Josh Pastner . "  It would help our entire league in recruiting because we can be the closest thing to the NBA . It would be dynamite . " More possessions equal a faster game . More offense . I get that . But it is not going to happen . The Have-Nots think they will be buried by the Kansases , Dukes and Memphises of the world who have more talent . The best we will do is a 30-second clock like the women . It might be that college basketball looks at Nielsen ratings where college basketball numbers have stayed the same this year compared to last and figure the game is fine like it is . But , just maybe , more seasons like this last one , where scoring suffered , will convince the caretakers of the game to upgrade offense so the public does n't have to wait until March for the game to be compelling again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ray Glier .	Ray Glier : College basketball "  has wheezed and sputtered for three months " Writer says the new season needs a real fix when it begins in November Glier : A 24-second shot clock will be quicker and more fun He believes coaches should allow more freedom of movement among players
Kenneth Bae , the American citizen sentenced to 15 years in a North Korean labor camp , has been moved to a hospital after a serious deterioration in his health , his sister said . Detained in North Korea in November and sentenced in April for "  hostile acts to bring down its government , " Bae is now suffering from severe back and leg pain and has lost more than 50 pounds , his sister Terri Chung told CNN late Sunday . Chung said she received the information from the U.S. State Department , which told her the Swedish ambassador to North Korea had visited Bae in the hospital on Friday . Sweden represents U.S. interests in North Korea because the United States has no diplomatic presence in the secretive state . Detention in North Korea has taken a heavy toll on Bae , who had already been dealing with other health problems , including diabetes . "  I think the last three months in the labor camp have certainly been very trying on both his mental and physical health , " Chung said by phone from the Seattle area . Bae from North Korean prison : Please help me ` Tremendous ' stress The eight hours per day of farm labor , which Bae had never done before , appear to have worsened his symptoms , she said , adding that "  he 's also under a tremendous amount of stress . " Other problems he 's suffering from include kidney stones , dizziness , blurred vision and loss of vision . The family is "  extremely concerned " about the situation and is pleading with the U.S. government to help Bae 's case , Chung said . U.S. officials have repeatedly called on North Korea to release Bae , whose sentence was announced toward the end of a period of heightened tensions between the two countries . The State Department called for Bae 's release again in a news conference Monday . "  We continue to urge the DPRK authorities to grant Mr. Bae amnesty an immediate release , " said Marie Harf , the department 's deputy spokeswoman . "  It 's clear that Mr. Bae 's health is deteriorated . We 've been concerned about his health for a long time , and is of deep concern to us today . But Kim Jong Un 's regime has so far showed no sign of budging on the case of Bae , who they call Pae Jun Ho . There did n't appear to be any recent articles published about Bae by North Korea 's state-run Korean Central News Agency . Hoping for release In a video released early last month , Bae appealed to North Korean authorities for forgiveness and asked the United States for help in securing his release . "  Although my health is not good , I am being patient and coping well , " Bae said , his head shaved and his face noticeably thinner than in earlier photos . in that interview , he spoke of health problems including diabetes , high blood pressure , fatty liver and a back problem . "  I know what I did is not easily forgivable , but I hope that things will work out so that I can be with my family again soon , " he said . Chung had previously said that Bae is the owner of a tour company and was in North Korea for work . North Korean state media have detailed the reasons why Bae was sentenced . Among the list of alleged crimes was setting up bases in China for the purpose of "  toppling " the North Korean government , encouraging North Korean citizens to bring down the government and conducting a "  malignant smear campaign . " State media also say that Bae had planned what it called a "  Jericho operation " to bring down North Korea through religious activities . They have suggested that Bae could have been sentenced to death , but avoided it through "  candid confession of his crimes . " Sister : ` He 's not a spy '	Three months of manual labor have taken a toll on Kenneth Bae 's health He was sentenced to 15 years in a labor camp in April His sister says he was moved to a hospital after his health deteriorated He 's suffering from leg and back pain and severe stress , she says
Los Angeles  CNN  No one knew him by his real name . But on the harsh streets of Skid Row that became his home , he was known as Africa . Surveillance footage , police and homeless community activists paint wildly different pictures of the man -- one who could be violent , benevolent , troubled and altruistic . Africa was shot and killed by Los Angeles police Sunday after he scuffled with officers . The shooting , caught on video , has renewed accusations of police brutality because it showed him already on the ground . Police say he tried to reach for an officer 's gun . The Los Angeles County coroner 's office has identified Africa , but is not releasing his real name pending notification of relatives . Africa came to the United States from the continent about a decade ago , said a friend who would only be identified as Nick G. Like Africa , Nick had also been homeless on the streets of Skid Row -- a decrepit area wrought with poverty and despair . "  He wanted to get away from here , he wanted to go back home , " Nick said . "  He was very depressed . Very , very depressed . He had a good side to him , a good heart . " Africa kept a tent outside the Union Rescue Mission homeless shelter . Even though the shelter was right in front of him , he did n't want the help . Instead , Africa often helped the shelter 's employees . "  Our cleaning guys -- he would help them organize cleaning of  the  sidewalk , " said the Rev. Andy Bales , the shelter 's CEO . He described Africa as gentle and kind -- but with an erratic side . "  I attribute the erratic behavior to this difficult environment out here . " Less than an hour before he was killed Sunday , a nearby security camera showed Africa apparently dealing drugs -- the sad and only real currency of Skid Row 's economy . The footage then shows Africa getting into a fight with the man in the orange tent next to him , violently tipping the tent and kicking the man . Police arrive and talk to Africa , but he jumps into the tent -- prompting officers to draw their guns . Africa then jumps out , swinging his arms at police . Los Angeles police say he tried to grab an officer 's gun , and that 's when he was shot . Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck called the incident "  an extreme tragedy . " "  We feel great compassion in the LAPD for people who live in conditions of homelessness , and often mental illness , with no treatment , " Beck said . "  We prepare our officers to deal as best they can with them , but the reality is this is much more than a problem that the police alone can solve . " Bales said the dismal conditions of LA 's Skid Row makes it a tinder box for more problems . "  There is no other major city in the U.S. that has a skid row like ours , " he said . "  2,000 human beings living on the street . Until we deal with that , we 're going to continue to have an explosive situation . " On the sidewalk where Africa was shot , a modest memorial sits atop a small pile of belongings . "  RIP Cameroon , " one cardboard sign reads "  Rest in Peace Africa . " It 's unclear when the Los Angeles County coroner 's office will release Africa 's real name . From there , it 's unclear where Africa 's remains will go . CNN 's Kyung Lah reported from Los Angeles ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta .	The man known as Africa often helped employees at a homeless shelter But he sometimes acted erratically , and footage showed him fighting before his death
CNN  -- Marin Cilic made a winning return to the ATP circuit Monday after serving a reduced doping ban . The 25-year-old Croatian completed a tight three set victory over Dutchman Igor Sijsling at the Paris Masters , prevailing 5-7 6-1 6-4 at Bercy Stadium . Cilic has slipped to World No. 47 after testing positive for the stimulant nikethamide at the Munich Open in May . He was banned for nine months by an independent tribunal in September , but his appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport saw his suspension cut to four months last Friday . The decision allowed Cilic to enter the final regular season tournament on the main tour in the French capital and he took full advantage . Despite losing the first set , Cilic earned a second round match against in form World No. 5 Juan Martin Del Potro of Argentina . He later admitted that he was pleased to put the experience behind him and return to action . "  I would definitely say it was the worst time of my life as a player , " he told AFP . "  I have been on the tour for six , seven years , and have been always really careful and really honest and fair as much as I could with all the other players . "  And then to be in that kind of situation where when I found out about the positive test it was an extremely difficult situation where people were even calling me a doping player and a cheat . "  I knew I did n't cheat , " added Cilic . World No. 1 Rafael Nadal , who is playing in Paris for the first time in four years , told gathered reporters that he was delighted to see Cilic return to action . "  One thing I can say is I 'm happy to see Marin back on tour . He 's a good guy and a great player , " he told AFP . "  I do n't know what happened but if he 's back , it 's because it 's fair that he 's back . That 's all . I 'm happy for that . " Nadal will open his campaign later in week but the early headlines will surround players attempting to book their passages to the ATP World Tour Finals in London . Roger Federer , Swiss colleague Stanislas Wawrinka and French duo Richard Gasquet and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga are battling for the final three places in the elite eight-man field , with four others having mathematical chances of qualifying . Wawrinka learned his second round opponent in Paris as Spaniard Feliciano Lopez won a tight encounter against Australian qualifier Bernard Tomic 6-4 6-7 7-6 Monday . Federer , who needs one win to clinch a 12th consecutive appearance in the finals , will face the winner of the first round match between Kevin Anderson and Mikhail Zouzhny , while Gasquet and Tsonga could meet in the third round of their home event . World No. 2 Novak Djokovic claimed the ATP finale last season , beating Federer in the final , while Nadal has never claimed the title . The Spaniard hopes to use a good performance in Paris as a springboard to success in London . "  The last tournament of the year is important , " he told the official ATP Tour website . "  In 2010 I played well  lost in the final to Federer  ; the rest I played really bad . I want to try to change that . "  I was always motivated for this last part of the season , but I was not able to apply it well . I hope this year I can change that situation . I hope to play well here and then we 'll see . "	Marin Cilic wins on return to ATP Tour after doping ban Court of Arbitration cut his suspension from nine to four months Cilic beats Igor Sijsling in first round of Paris Masters Rafael Nadal playng tournament for first time since 2009
EW.com  -- Those Jack Bauer fans just wo n't give up : The infamous character from Fox 's long-running drama "  24 " was a big trending topic on Twitter late Sunday in light of the Osama Bin Laden news -- no doubt because many were thinking  hoping ?  a Bauer-like embed was responsible for the "  actionable intelligence " that led to President Obama 's press conference . Here 's the good news : Kiefer Sutherland could be back on Fox this fall . Now , the bad news : He wo n't be reprising his role as a counter-terrorism agent . Instead , he 's playing a dad whose autistic son can predict events before they happen in a project called "  Touch . " The drama 's from Tim Kring  "  Heroes "  and is already generating great buzz . But a return of Bauer is still in the cards . A big-screen version of the drama remains in the works at 20th Century Fox , and producer Brian Grazer  whose company , Imagine Entertainment , was behind the TV show  recently acknowledged that he 's on board . In March , Sutherland told the women of "  The View " that the movie will come out in 2012 . Hey Kief : Care to rethink that timeline now ? See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jack Bauer was a big trending topic on Twitter Sunday in light of the Bin Laden news Sutherland told the women of "  The View " that the "  24 " movie will come out in 2012 The actor could be back on Fox this fall in "  Touch "
CNN  -- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention received a candidate vaccine virus for swine flu from one institution Friday , spokesman Thomas Skinner said in an e-mail . The CDC estimates more than 100,000 people have had swine flu in the United States . The CDC and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration have also created a candidate vaccine virus for swine flu , also known as 2009 H1N1 , using reverse genetics , he said . "  Suitable viruses will hopefully be sent to manufacturers by end of next week , " Skinner wrote . Once that happens , vaccine makers will tweak the virus and have "  pilot lots " of vaccine ready to be tested by mid - to late June . Several thousand cases have been reported nationally , but the CDC estimates more than 100,000 people have had swine flu in the United States , said Dr. Anne Schuchat , interim deputy director for science and public health program at the CDC , in a news conference Friday . Most of these people probably have not been officially tested . The first sample virus came from a lab run by virologist Doris Bucher at New York Medical College , in Valhalla , New York . Bucher told CNN Thursday that she had just packaged four viruses that she considers vaccine candidates and sent the samples to the CDC 's headquarters in Atlanta , Georgia , via courier . Earlier this week , a Korean scientist , Dr. Seo Sang-heui , also claimed to have produced a virus that might be used in a swine flu vaccine . But Skinner said the methods Sang-heui used were not suitable and that his virus was not considered a viable candidate . Bucher 's samples will likely get more attention . For the past five years her lab in Valhalla has produced elements of the seasonal vaccine that 's given to tens of millions of Americans each year . She says the process she 's using with the H1N1 virus is virtually identical to the process her lab uses when working on that seasonal vaccine . The virus used in vaccines is not the actual virus that infects people , but rather a hybrid that 's been genetically modified to make it safer , and to give it the ability to multiply more quickly -- a crucial factor when it comes to manufacturing large quantities . Bucher 's method of achieving this has a decidedly old-fashioned feel . She first injects a sample of "  wild virus " -- in this case , H1N1 virus she got from the CDC , originally culled from a child who was infected in California this spring -- and then injects a sample of another flu strain that 's known for its ability to rapidly multiply in eggs . For that , Bucher is using a strain with the exotic sounding name of NYMC X-157 .  That 's NYMC as in "  New York Medical Center ; " it 's a hybrid of an H3N2 seasonal virus and the so-called "  Puerto Rico strain , " A/PR/8 / 34 , that 's used to speed the growth of seasonal flu vaccine  . Together in the egg , the viruses swap genes . In a laborious series of steps , Bucher 's team guides the changes by adding antibodies that eliminate the surface proteins of the H3N2 virus . The end result is a virus with the exterior proteins of the H1N1 swine flu -- so the immune system recognizes it -- but with the inner mechanics -- the fast-growth ability -- of X-157 . Another method of creating a candidate virus also mixes wild virus with a second , fast-growing strain , but instead of growing them in eggs , lets the viruses mingle in a special solution while scientists manipulate them through a complex technique called reverse genetics . In 2005 , Dr. Richard Webby and Dr. Robert Webster at St. Jude Hospital in Memphis , Tennessee , used reverse genetics to produce a vaccine against the H5N1 avian flu virus . Webby has been working to produce a candidate virus against H1N1 as well , but told CNN the virus is growing slower than expected , and that it would likely be a few weeks before a suitable strain is ready to be sent to the CDC . With any candidate strain , CDC virologists will perform tests to see if the new virus can induce an immune response against the wild H1N1 strain . That 's done by using a solution derived from the blood of ferrets , whose susceptibility to flu is similar to that of humans , and also by deliberately trying to infect live ferrets . If test results are acceptable , the CDC will forward samples of the virus to various manufacturers . Those companies will fine-tune the virus for their own production methods , and produce small "  pilot lots " of vaccine that can be tested in animals , and possibly people , for effectiveness and safety . Only after those tests are complete would the CDC , World Health Organization and other government health authorities decide whether to recommend mass production . Even in the fastest-moving scenarios , that step is n't likely to occur before late June or even July . CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	The CDC received a candidate vaccine virus for swine flu Friday CDC : Suitable viruses will hopefully be sent to manufacturers by end of next week In one vaccine method , viruses swap genes in egg Another technique uses reverse genetics instead of growing viruses in eggs
