CNN  -- When Chuck and Elicia James ventured to their local animal shelter to adopt a dog , they expected to meet a new member of their family . Instead they found themselves reunited with their long lost canine . The James ' had not seen Reckless , a brown and white terrier-pitbull mix , since he went missing over a year and a half ago during Superstorm Sandy . They had lost their beloved pup after the fence in their Keansburg , New Jersey , home was mangled during the storm , Chuck James told CNN on Friday . While the family never stopped looking for Reckless , for their 10-year-old daughter 's birthday they decided it was time to move on and adopt a new dog at the Monmouth County SPCA . To their surprise , the first dog they were introduced to was one named Lucas , who had a striking resemblance to their former pup . "  He jumped 3 feet in the air , " James said . "  He immediately recognized us . And then the tears came -- there was n't a dry eye in the place . " The James ' confirmed it was their dog based on an uncanny scar on the top of his head . "  After Sandy , we had so many animals being turned in , " said Jerry Rosenthal , president and CEO of the animal shelter . Rosenthal told CNN that 3-year-old Reckless ended up at the shelter last November after an employee found him on the streets . Rosenthal believes Reckless was taken in by another family for a period of time before he once again got loose . Rosenthal said the James ' story really emphasizes the importance of getting your pet microchipped . Microchipping is a process in which an animal is implanted with a rice-sized chip that is used to identify him or her . "  If Reckless had been microchipped , we could have reunited him with his family much sooner , " he said . "  We love happy endings . I always tell people our goal is to prevent animals from coming into the shelter except when we can get them back to their original owners , " Rosenthal said . The James family is still displaced from their home after it was destroyed by Sandy . They are currently residing at a local hotel with Reckless after the hotel happily allowed him to stay . The James ' 10-year-old daughter was absolutely ecstatic with Reckless ' return and the two have been inseparable since , Chuck James told CNN while on a family weekend camping trip . "  The only thing I can say now is I am finally on a vacation with all the members of our family again , " said James .	Chuck and Elicia James lost their dog during Superstorm Sandy a year and a half ago While looking to adopt a new dog , Reckless was the very first dog introduced to them "  He jumped 3 feet in the air , " owner tells CNN "  We love happy endings , " animal shelter CEO says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush on Monday said he reluctantly accepted the resignation of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , whose "  good name was dragged through the mud for political reasons . " Alberto Gonzales and his wife , Rebecca , have lunch with President and Laura Bush at the Bush ranch Sunday . After months of standing by his top prosecutor and "  close friend , " Bush spoke briefly in Texas to praise Gonzales , saying the attorney general endured "  unfair treatment that has created harmful distraction at the Justice Department . " Bush said it 's "  sad that we live in a time when a talented and honorable person " is impeded "  from doing important work . " Solicitor General Paul Clement will serve as acting attorney general , Bush said , until a nominee has been confirmed by the Senate . Earlier in Washington , Gonzales announced his resignation , saying , "  I have lived the American dream . " The first Latino to helm the Justice Department said his "  worst days as attorney general have been better than my father 's best days . " Watch Gonzales on his "  worst days " as top prosecutor " Gonzales described public service as "  honorable and noble " and thanked Bush for his friendship . "  Yesterday I met with President Bush and informed him of my decision to conclude my government services as attorney general of the United States effective September 17 . " Neither Bush nor Gonzales took questions from reporters . Some senior administration officials floated Homeland Security chief Michael Chertoff as a possible replacement , but others waved CNN away from Chertoff , saying that his nomination could run into problems because of his role during Hurricane Katrina . A congressional source familiar with deliberations about Gonzales ' replacement told CNN that the successor will not be Chertoff and that senior administration officials are "  playing you guys , " referring to the media . A source close to Chertoff said of a possible nomination , "  this would be a surprise to Mike . " New York Sen. Charles E. Schumer , a Democratic member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , also suggested that a Chertoff confirmation hearing would be contentious . "  I would say there are a lot of questions about Michael Chertoff that will have to be answered . " Schumer said . "  I would n't say yes ; I would n't say no . It 's an open book . It 's possible , but its hardly a slam dunk . There are some names who could be a slam dunk . " Schumer , one of Gonzales ' chief critics , appealed to the administration "  to work with us to nominate someone whom Democrats can support and America can be proud of . " Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , the ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee who has criticized Gonzales ' leadership of the Justice Department , called his resignation "  a major helpful turn of events . " Specter suggested current or former senators , or someone well-known to the committee would be a good nominee to replace Gonzales . "  There has to be somebody with very solid professional qualifications , somebody who 's an experienced lawyer and has demonstrated the kind of judgment that the attorney general is called upon to display , " Specter said . A senior administration official "  aware of discussions " said White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten is looking for a Washington establishment-type , in the model of Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and White House counsel Fred Fielding . Another name that emerged is Larry Thompson , a former deputy attorney general who currently serves as vice president and general counsel for PepsiCo . But a spokeswoman for the company said , "  We are very fortunate and pleased , but he is very happy in his role here . " According to senior administration officials , when Thompson has been approached in the past to return to the government he has turned down offers , saying he is happy in the private sector . Aides at the highest level and other top officials received no warning about the Gonzales announcement , Justice Department sources told CNN . They were not informed until a meeting Monday morning , sources said , when Gonzales acknowledged he would be reading a statement later in the day . Although Bush had long stood by Gonzales , many members of Congress from both sides of the aisle had called on him to quit after the firing of several U.S. attorneys in 2006 -- terminations which were alleged to have been politically motivated . Senior Justice Department officials say Gonzales ' resignation is not expected to affect the scope or pace of an ongoing internal investigation into the U.S. attorneys ' dismissals and other issues . "  Alberto Gonzales was never the right man for this job , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on Monday . "  He lacked independence , he lacked judgment and he lacked the spine to say no to Karl Rove . " Rove , another longtime Bush official and his top political adviser , also resigned this month . "  This resignation is not the end of the story , " Reid warned . "  Congress must get to the bottom of this mess and follow the facts where they lead , into the White House . " Throughout Gonzales ' time as attorney general , controversies surrounded his positions on issues such as U.S. interrogation techniques and the wiretapping of conversations between Americans and suspected terrorists overseas . In the probe into the U.S. attorney firings , the Senate Judiciary Committee looked into whether the administration may have fired some or all of the U.S. attorneys for political reasons . In his testimony before the committee on multiple occasions , Gonzales repeatedly seemed to contradict himself , other members of his department or Justice Department documents . Gonzales also was at the center of a dispute over the controversial no-warrant eavesdropping program authorized by Bush and his testimony that there was no dissent among administration officials over the program . Gonzales later sent a letter to Senate leaders acknowledging he "  may have created confusion " in his testimony . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux , John King , Dana Bash , Jeffrey Toobin and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : White House looking for D.C.-establishment successor , source says Bush defends Gonzales , reluctantly accepting his resignation "  Unfair treatment " created harmful distraction , says Bush Gonzales : "  My worst days ... have been better than my father 's best days "
CNN  -- Fortunes forever rise and fall , but perhaps none so fast as those of drug lords . On Monday , Forbes magazine released its annual list of the world 's richest people , and for the first time since 2009 , Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman did not make the cut . Guzman is the boss of the Sinaloa cartel , one of Mexico 's most powerful drug trafficking operations . His nickname , which means "  shorty , " matches his 5-foot-6-inch frame , though he has climbed to great heights in the drug business . Forbes had previously estimated his net worth at $ 1 billion . "  As the leader of the Sinaloa cartel , he is one of the most powerful people in the world , but no longer someone we are confident enough to call a billionaire , " the magazine said on its website . READ : Forbes rankings finds 210 new billionaires Forbes believes an increasing part of his fortune is going to protect him and his family and said that it had been unable to reach Guzman to "  verify figures . " It also said it was unclear how he spends the money he makes . Authorities have been looking for Guzman ever since he escaped from a Mexican prison in a laundry cart in 2001 . There have been reports of his death , but none confirmed . The U.S. Treasury Department has declared Guzman the most influential trafficker in the world . He was just one of just 68 billionaires who were reported dropped from the list this year versus the 210 who were added to the exclusive 10-figure club . There are a record 1,426 billionaires , according to the latest count from Forbes . The rankings showed that Mexican telecom mogul Carlos Slim remained the world 's richest person , with an estimated fortune of $ 73 billion . Microsoft founder Bill Gates ranked No. 2 with $ 67 billion .	Forbes had previously put Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman 's fortune at $ 1 billion He is the boss of the Sinaloa cartel , one of Mexico 's most powerful trafficking operations Guzman is one of 68 billionaires reported dropped from the list this year
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia has had its first death from swine flu , its Ministry of Health said Monday , bracing for more . The patient -- a 30-year-old man who lived in the country 's Eastern Province -- was admitted to a hospital in the city of Dammam on Wednesday with a high fever , cough and shortness of breath . He died Saturday . Saudi Arabia has diagnosed more than 230 cases of the H1N1 virus this year . In the past few weeks , a debate about the virus has erupted in the Middle East . Of particular concern is how to keep it from spreading among the millions of visitors expected in Saudi Arabia during this year 's Hajj -- a pilgrimage required of Muslims at least once in their lives . On Wednesday , Arab health ministers held an emergency summit in Cairo , Egypt , to discuss the issue . Guidelines were issued , banning various groups from participating in this year 's Hajj -- children under 12 , adults over 65 and people with chronic diseases . Saudi Arabia recommended that pregnant women stay home as well . At the close of the meeting , Saudi Health Minister Dr. Abdullah Al-Rabeeah told CNN that , in all , Saudi Arabia had issued 15 recommendations to help ensure the safety and health of pilgrims participating in the Hajj . "  The most important of those is , first of all , that they should take the seasonal flu vaccine two weeks prior to Hajj , " Al-Rabeeah said . Even with the guidelines in place , World Health Organization spokesman Dr. Ebrahim el Khordany acknowledged that it wo n't be easy keeping potential pilgrims away . El Khordany told CNN , "  It was discussed in detail how it 's going to be worked out between the country and Saudi Arabia to find out the best way to do it and , of course , to make sure that people do n't try to use their connections to get their visas or to get to go to Saudi , because people are really very keen to go to the pilgrimage . " The Saudi government has also said it will set up quarantine centers at airports as another preventative measure .	30-year-old man dies in hospital after suffering high fever , cough , shortness of breath Saudi Arabia has diagnosed more than 230 cases of the H1N1 virus this year Concern in Saudi over possible impact of virus on Hajj later this year Saudi government says it will set up quarantine centers at airports
CNN  -- Most people who travel by train on a regular basis rush through the station so quickly , they never stop to appreciate their surroundings . But some railway terminals deserve a long admiring look for their beauty , their heritage and their engineering accomplishments . Here are five that are on the right track . Grand Central Terminal , New York For 100 years , New York 's Grand Central Terminal has represented big-city hustle and bustle . About 700,000 people pass through it every day ; yet , incredible as it seems today , Grand Central almost met its demise in the 1970s . It was rescued in large part by former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis , who became a driving force behind the campaign to protect and preserve the landmark building , saving it from the fate that befell New York 's original Pennsylvania Station in 1963 . Renovation and restoration has continued ever since Onassis stepped in . One milestone was the cleaning and restoration of the terminal 's 25,000-square-foot cerulean blue and gold leaf zodiac ceiling , which was enhanced further in 2010 with the addition of LEDs to mark specific stars in the heavens . There 's a small Transit Museum on the main concourse , and the lower level food court offers so many options , even locals eat there . The Campbell Apartment -- tucked away in a corner on the upper level -- is a clubby place for cocktails . To mark the terminal 's 100th anniversary , a schedule of centennial events such as performances , exhibitions and art installations will continue throughout 2013 . Where can you go from here ? To suburban New York and Connecticut ; as far as Poughkeepsie or New Haven and all points in between . The East Side Access project , scheduled for completion in 2019 , will provide access to the Long Island Rail Road as well . Then again , this is New York , and you do n't really need to go anywhere else to find things to see and do , starting with a guided tour of Grand Central terminal conducted by a docent from the Municipal Art Society of New York or a self-guided audio tour available in six languages . Liège-Guillemins Station , Belgium In the past , Brussels and Antwerp might have cast a skeptical eye toward Liège , Belgium 's third-largest metro area , but their skepticism turned to envy when the stunning steel and glass Liège-Guillemins Station , designed by Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava , was unveiled in 2009 . It 's a remarkable achievement , not least because during the 10 years of its construction , the trains to and from Liège were never shut down . "  It was very important for us to have an architect who had  designed  stations before and knew how to prevent the problems , " said Louis Maraite , a spokesman for SNCB-Holding , which operates Belgium 's rail stations . Before Liège , Calatrava designed Gare de Saint-Exupéry in Lyon , France , and Oriente Station in Lisbon , among others ; he 's currently working on a station for Mons , Belgium , that will open before the city becomes European Capital of Culture in 2015 . His influence is apparent throughout Liège-Guillemins Station , from its gently peaked 35-meter-high glass roof to the designs of the shops and cafés on the main concourse to the children 's day care facility , the first at a European station . He even makes himself felt in subliminal ways . For instance , there is no advertising on the train platforms ; no posters or kiosks interfere with his vision or yours . It 's as refreshing and uncluttered as a train station can be . Where can you go from here ? The new station was built primarily to accommodate high-speed trains such as the Thalys from France and the Inter-city Express  ICE  from Germany . They will take you to Brussels in less than an hour ; Cologne , Germany , in one hour and Paris in a little over two hours . Liège is a working city whose political and religious machinations date to when Charlemagne was a lad  he was born in the area  . Local culinary traditions include the gin-like beverage peket , crunchy sugar-coated liègeoise-style waffles and delicious sweet-and-sour meatballs known as Boulet a la liègeoise , all of which can be savored at the station . Tokyo Station Marunouchi Building , Japan Just shy of its 100th birthday , the Tokyo Station Marunouchi Building received a facelift , bringing it as close to the way it looked when it opened in December 1914 as anyone can recall . The restoration was well-deserved ; the elegant red brick building has weathered plenty of upheaval in its history . In 1923 , the Great Kanto Earthquake rocked its foundation . In 1945 , the Great Tokyo Air Raid destroyed the roof and much of the building 's interior , and the aftermath of World War II resulted in the loss of the building 's third story and two architectural domes . Kingo Tatsuno , a prominent architect of the Meiji Period at the turn of the last century , designed the station in a distinctly Western style , a reflection of his time spent studying in Europe . Yet , like his neo-Baroque Bank of Japan "  Old Building " from 1896 , the Tokyo Station Marunouchi Building is a Tokyo landmark . Even in a city that embraces the ultramodern , it would be hard for most residents to conceive of anything that could take its place . The restoration , completed in October 2012 , brought back the domes and original architectural features and added Japan 's largest seismic isolation system to limit the potential effects of earthquakes . The station 's centennial celebration starts in 2014 ; events will be announced in the coming months . Where can you go from here ? A walk through the surrounding Marunouchi business district takes you to the Imperial Palace . Tokyo Station is the primary hub for Japan 's famed shinkansen "  bullet trains . " The fastest route on the Tokaido Shinkansen line covers the 246 miles from Tokyo to Osaka/Kyoto in 2 1/2 hours . The fastest route on the Tohuko Shinkansen line , traveling at up to 320 kmh , takes you from Tokyo north to Aomori , about 350 miles , in about three hours . Before you board , pick up an ekiben train station bento box for your trip ; these flavorful box lunches are designed for train travel and feature regional food specialties . Helsinki Central Station , Finland In 1923 , architect Eliel Saarinen moved from Finland to the United States and became a professor at the University of Michigan . By that time , he 'd already left Helsinki a lasting legacy : Helsinki Central Station . It opened in 1919 and remains one of the world 's most stunning examples of art nouveau architecture , known in Finland as Jugend . Like many other landmark buildings in Helsinki  Helsinki Cathedral comes to mind  , the station is majestic and arresting without being showy , and it represents the marriage of functionality and beauty that still defines Finnish design . Most majestic and arresting of all are the four granite giants who flank the station 's main entrance . Created by Emil Wikström , they carry enormous globe lamps , lighting the way for the 200,000 passengers who travel to and from the station daily . Inside the station , people stop in to the Eliel Restaurant as much to see the lovely landscape by Finnish realist artist Eero Jarnefelt on its wall as they do for the light meals served there . Where can you go from here ? Last year marked the 150th anniversary of the oldest section of track in Finland , the route between Helsinki and Hämeenlinna , birthplace of Finnish composer Jean Sibelius . Today an express train will take you there in just over one hour . In just over two hours , you can be in the charming , historic city of Turku , with its Swedish heritage , unusual architecture and internationally renowned shipyard where cruise ships are constructed . Farther still , the Allegro train runs from Helsinki to St. Petersburg , Russia ; travel times vary . Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus , Mumbai When it opened , it was called Victoria Terminus , in honor of England 's Queen Victoria , who had taken the title Empress of India in 1877 and who 'd celebrated her Golden Jubilee in 1887 .  There was a ceremonial opening in the Jubilee year , but the trains were n't running in earnest until 1888 .  Now celebrating its 125th anniversary , Mumbai 's central station is known as Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus in honor of the first Maratha emperor , and it maintains its status as one of the world 's great Victorian Gothic Revival buildings . British architect Frederick William Stevens gave the station all the ornamentation and grandeur of the Victorian age , and then he added a little bit more : architectural features such as domes and arches derived from Indian styles . Inside , it almost resembles a cathedral , from its vaulted ceiling to the stained-glass windows with images of locomotives instead of religious figures . In 2008 , the terminal was the target of a terrorist attack that left the city deeply shaken , but three years later , in 2011 , a flash mob of ordinary people dancing to a hit song joyfully "  reclaimed " the station for the millions of travelers and commuters who pass through it each day . Where can you go from here ? Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus is the busiest train station in India ; Central Railway estimates that 3 million people a day travel on the Mumbai Suburban train system . A regional train to Pune , where the real Chhatrapati Shivaji lived in the 17th century , will take about three to four hours . If you 're taking your time , the Deccan Odyssey is an eight-day rail journey that starts and ends at the terminal and takes in palaces , forts , beaches and the UNESCO World Heritage Ellora Caves and Ajanta Caves .	Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava 's Liège-Guillemins Station was unveiled in 2009 Grand Central Terminal features a 25,000-square-foot cerulean blue and gold leaf zodiac ceiling Eliel Saarinen 's Helsinki Central Station is a stunning example of art nouveau architecture
CNN  -- Authorities in Vietnam have arrested the former chief executive officer of Jetstar Pacific Airlines and are preventing two airline executives from leaving the country , Vietnamese and Australian officials said . The former chief executive , Luong Hoai Nam , faces prosecution for "  lack of responsibility causing serious consequences , " said a spokeswoman for the Vietnamese Foreign Ministry , Nguyen Phuong Nga . Vietnamese authorities are investigating the airline 's chief operating officer , Daniela Marsilli , and its financial officer , Tristan Freeman , Jetstar Pacific said . They are not allowing Marsilli and Freeman to leave Vietnam , the airline said . Jetstar Pacific is partly owned by Qantas Airlines of Australia . The Australian Embassy in Hanoi is seeking details about why the employees are being prevented from leaving Vietnam , according to Australia 's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade . The airline suffered heavy financial losses , the Vietnamese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said , and investigators are trying to determine the responsibility of members of the airline 's executive board and managing board . Marsilli and Freeman are members of the airline 's managing board and must "  make themselves present in Vietnam to respond to the requests from Vietnam 's legal authorities in a timely manner , " the Vietnamese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said -- CNN 's Pamela Boykoff , Eugina Huang and Eunice Yoon contributed to this report	Jetstar Pacific is partly owned by Qantas Airlines of Australia Airline : Vietnamese authorities not allowing airline 's CEO , financial officer to leave Vietnamese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman says ex-CEO faces prosecution
CNN  -- If you had caught me straight out of college at age 22 in the halls of the Vermont State House where I was a lobbyist-in-training and asked me what I was gon na do with my life , I would have told you that I had just passed the HSK , otherwise known as the Chinese equivalency exam , and was planning to study law at Beijing University with the intention to improve U.S.-China relations through top-down policy changes and judicial system reforms . I had it all figured out . Little did I know how much my life would change when one night I heard Doc Watson singing "  Shady Grove " from a record player in the corner of a room at a party : "  Shady Grove my little love , Shady Grove my darlin ' , Shady Grove my little love , I 'm - a-goin ' back to Harlan . " The rippling trance of an old-time banjo groove , and Doc 's soulful voice layered on top , the sound of merging immigrant cultures of old Ireland and Africa in Appalachia -- it was all so beautiful . And , after having been obsessed with the mammoth history and richness of Chinese culture for years , I was relieved to find something so truly beautiful that is so truly American . I knew I had to get a banjo and bring it with me to China . TED.com : Eddi Reader sings "  Kiteflyer 's Hill " Before leaving for law school in China I jumped in my little red truck , threw my newly bought old-time banjo in the back , and went on a road trip through Appalachia to learn some old-time American music . I ended up in Louisville , Kentucky , at the International Bluegrass Music Association convention . And here 's where the story gets nutty : I met two girls in a hallway , I nervously played a couple of old-time songs with them and a record executive walked up and invited me to come to Nashville to make a record ! Fast-forward a year , I delayed going to law school in Beijing , and instead lived in Nashville and learned to write songs . My first song came out in English , titled "  Rockabye Dixie , " and my second song in Chinese , "  Song of the Traveling Daughter " : 门 外有个世界 （ Men wai you ge shijie ） 心中有个声音 （ Xin zhong you ge shengyin ） 四方等你来呀 （ Si fang deng ni lai ya ） 游女游女 （ You nu you nu ） Translation : "  Outside your door the world is waiting "  Inside your heart a voice is calling "  The four corners of the world are watching "  So travel daughter , travel ... go get it girl " It 's been eight years since that miraculous night in Kentucky . I have performed in thousands of shows , including tours in China and collaborations with all kinds of inspirational musicians and artists . TED.com : Elizabeth Gilbert on nurturing creativity Music is a powerful way to connect cultures . I see it when I 'm on a stage at a bluegrass festival in Virginia . When I look out at the sea of people in lawn chairs and bust into a song in Chinese , everybody 's eyes pop wide open and they nudge their neighbor : "  Is that girl singing in Chinese ? " After a show , people would come up to me ; everyone seems to have a story about their connection to China . And I see the power of music when I 'm on stage in China : I start a Chinese song and the audience roars with delight that the blond , curly-haired girl with the banjo can sing their music . More importantly , I see how music directly connects people 's hearts . Like the time a little Chinese girl came up to me after I performed at a relocation school in Sichuan 's earthquake disaster zone and asked : "  Big Sister Wang , can I sing you a song that my mom sang before she was swallowed in the earthquake ... ? " She sat on my lap and I could feel the warmth of her body . She sang me the song , and tears started rolling down her cheeks and tears started rolling down mine . The light shining from her eyes felt like a place I could stay forever . TED.com : Yang Lan : The generation that 's remaking China In that moment , we were n't our Chinese or our American selves . We were mortal souls sitting together in that light that keeps us here . I long to dwell in that light ... with you and everybody ... and I know U.S.-China relations does n't need another lawyer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Abigail Washburn .	Abigail Washburn : I wanted to be study law and help improve U.S.-China relations Washburn : One night I heard Doc Watson sing and my life changed She says that she got a banjo and started learning music and singing Chinese songs Washburn : Music is a powerful way to connect people and cultures
Hey kids ! Forget trying to become a doctor or rapper or a football star , not to mention all the teasing you may get in school for being a nerd -- computers are where it 's at . That 's one message of a new video in which Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates , Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg , Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey and other tech execs urge young people to learn computer programming . "  Learning how to program did n't start off with wanting to learn all of computer science or trying to master this discipline or anything like that , " Zuckerberg says . "  It started off because I wanted to do this one simple thing -- I wanted to make something that was fun for myself and my sisters . " Gates says , "  I was 13 when I first got access to a computer . I wrote a program to play tick-tack-toe . " The five-minute clip , called "  What Most Schools Do n't Teach , " was posted online Tuesday by Code.org , a new nonprofit foundation that seeks to cultivate computer science in U.S. school curricula . The foundation argues there is a worldwide shortage of computer programmers but that only 1 in 10 schools in America teach kids how to code . "  Our policy  at Facebook  is literally to hire as many talented engineers as we can find , " Zuckerberg says . "  The whole limit in the system is that there are n't enough people who are trained and have these skills today . " The Facebook CEO appears to be passionate about supporting technology and science education . Last week Zuckerberg and a handful of other tech execs announced a $ 3 million annual prize for researchers doing life-saving work , saying he hoped it would inspire future scientists . The "  What Most Schools Do n't Teach " clip tries to make coding seem accessible and easy for anyone with a basic understanding of math . "  Addition , subtraction , that 's about it , " Gates says with a smile . "  It 's really not unlike playing an instrument , or playing a sport , " says Drew Houston , who created file-sharing site Dropbox . "  Even if you want to become a race-car driver , or play baseball , or , you know , build a house -- all of these things have been turned upside down by software . " Also featured in the video are musician Will.i.am and NBA star Chris Bosh , both of whom have taken coding classes . There 's been much recent hand-wringing in Silicon Valley about how the United States is lagging behind other countries in developing future software engineers . Code.org claims that computer-programming jobs are growing at twice the U.S. national average while less than 2.4 % of college students graduate with degrees in computer science -- less than 10 years ago . The video also emphasizes the perks and casual vibe of working at a deep-pocketed tech company , where employees get free food , work barefoot and skateboard around the office . "  The programmers of tomorrow are the wizards of the future , " says Gabe Newell , co-founder of video game developer Valve . "  You 're going to look like you have magic powers compared to everybody else . " The clip already has been viewed more than 2 million times on YouTube . Code.org hopes to get it shown in schools across the country .	Bill Gates , Mark Zuckerberg and other tech execs appear in video supporting computer education Clip was posted by Code.org , a foundation that seeks to cultivate computer science in schools Gates : "  I was 13 when I first got access to a computer . I wrote a program to play tick-tack-toe "
Washington  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton used her Tuesday appearance in Colorado , where experts see the female vote deciding a number of statewide races , to court women with a personal message about her life and her hopes for the future . Clinton usually targets women voters in her appearances . But in Colorado , the former secretary of state and likely presidential candidate in 2016 , spoke about how fortunate she felt to be born in America and the message she hopes to be able to leave with children . The personal remarks , while focused on turning out voters for Democrats Mark Udall , John Hickenlooper and Andrew Romanoff , sounds a great deal like a presidential candidate and resembled a message Clinton could use should she run for president . "  I have had a great set of experiences . I have been very fortunate in my life , but the most fortunate thing besides the parents to whom I was born , is that I was born in America , " Clinton said . "  I , from the moment of my birth , was blessed because of that . And I grew up believing with all my heart that if I worked hard , if I did was I was supposed to do , go to school , get an education , that I would have opportunities that were never available to my mother . " Clinton added , "  Indeed that came true for me . I do n't want that ever to be lost . I want everyone in this room to be able to look at any baby , any child and truthfully say , ` You have the same right to the American dream that I did . ' " Pro-Clinton group adds $ 2 million to its war chest This was Clinton 's second trip to Colorado in a week . She spent a few hours with Udall last week at a private fundraiser and at a local coffee shop and market to meet voters . Udall is in a tight race with Republican Rep. Cory Gardner , who some polls have slightly ahead . "  The only poll that counts is that poll on election day , " Udall said , warming up the crowd for Clinton by using a tried-and-true campaign cliche . Democrats in the state and nationally see Clinton as someone who can turn out women in Colorado , a key demographic that some experts see the election turning on . "  This election is important to everybody , but it is especially important to the women of Colorado , " Clinton said , touching upon a woman 's right to choose , personhood laws and availability of birth control - all topics the race between Udall and Gardner have focused on . "  Women 's rights here at home and around the world are clearly at risk , " Clinton said , arguing those rights "  are like the canaries in the mine . " Is Hillary Clinton ready for marijuana 's 2016 push ? Although Clinton was there to endorse Democrats and increase excitement , her presidential aspirations were n't far from the minds of many . Before Clinton went on , Romanoff tried to pep up the crowd by asking , "  Are you ready to hear from the next president of the United States ? " Even Udall got into the hinting at 2016 action when he said , "  I think we hope she -LSB- Hillary Clinton -RSB- is going to come back over the next few years . "	Hillary Clinton , who regularly pitches female voters , got personal in her plea on Tuesday . The personal remarks resembled a message Clinton could use should she run for president . "  You have the same right to the American dream that I did , " Clinton said Americans should be able to tell children This was Clinton 's second trip to Colorado in a week .
New York  CNN  -- Nearly 13 years after terrorists hijacked four airliners , crashed them and killed almost 3,000 people , a museum dedicated to the day that changed America will open in New York . The National September 11 Memorial Museum will open to the general public on May 21 , the museum and memorial group announced Monday . The museum , located at the site of the original World Trade Center , will feature a core memorial exhibition that pays tribute to the 2,983 people killed in the September 11 , 2001 attacks and in the February 26 , 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center . A second historical exhibition , told through personal artifacts , photographs , audio and video footage and first-person testimonials , will explore what led up to the terror strikes , examine the aftermath and illustrate how 9/11 continues to shape our world , according to a statement from the museum . "  When the museum opens to the public on May 21 , millions will come to further understand the experiences , courageous actions , and terrible losses that we saw on 9/11 and in the aftermath . The museum will forever remind us of the capacity we have to come together when the times require , " 9/11 Memorial President Joe Daniels said . The official opening will be preceded by a five day , 24-hour dedication period during which members of the 9/11 community will have exclusive access to the museum and memorial . During that time , family members of those lost on 9/11 , rescue and recovery workers , active duty first responders from agencies that lost members in the attacks and survivors of the attacks -- as well as lower Manhattan residents and business owners -- will be able to visit the memorial and museum when it is best for them , the release said . "  We are honored that the first people to experience this museum will be the men and women who came to our aid and protected us on 9/11 , the families of the innocent victims killed that day , and the survivors who lived to tell the tale of an unimaginable horror so that we may learn from the past . The museum is built upon their incredible stories , " 9/11 Memorial chair and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said . Family members of those killed on that day will not have to pay admission to the museum , nor will rescue and recovery workers who are registered with the Memorial . Tickets for the general public will be available beginning March 26 on the museum 's website . The museum will also house a repository of the 8,000 sets of remains that have yet to be identified from the 9/11 attacks . The remains , which are in the custody of the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner , will be kept behind a wall in an area off-limits to the public , said 9/11 museum spokesman Michael Frazier . The museum 's website says the wall , which visitors will be able to view , will be inscribed with the words of Roman poet Virgil : "  No day shall erase you from the memory of time . " Only medical examiners and victims ' families will be given access to the repository , where DNA identifications of the unidentified remains will continue , according to representatives from the museum and the medical examiner 's office . The decision to house the remains in the museum repository has been controversial . In 2011 , 17 families of 9/11 victims filed a petition in court to force the museum to consult with victims ' families before deciding what to do with the remains . They eventually asked for a congressional hearing . Both efforts were unsuccessful . On its website , the museum said the decision to move the remains to the repository at the museum was due to the overwhelming feedback received from families after the attacks . "  You will never be able to please everyone . When it comes to human remains , we have to treat them with as much dignity and respect  as  they deserve , " said Lee Ielpi , president and co-founder of 911 Tribute Center . Ielpi lost his son , a 29-year-old firefighter , on 9/11 . "  Now is the time to bring those remains back to where they have been murdered . " When hijacked American Airlines Flight 11 and United Airlines Flight 175 were intentionally crashed into the north and south towers of the World Trade Center on 9/11 , 2,753 people were killed . On the same day , another 224 people died when hijacked planes crashed into the Pentagon and in a field outside Shanksville , Pennsylvania . A February 26 , 1993 terror attack -- also at the World Trade Center -- left six people dead . CNN 's Adrienne Zulueta and Chris Kokenes contributed to this report .	The National 9/11 Museum will open to the public on May 21 A dedication period for families and community members will precede opening Remains of unidentified victims will be moved to a new resting place within the museum They will be kept behind a wall in an area off-limits to the public , officials tell CNN
CNN  -- The high-pitched breathless appeal from a young girl to a 911 dispatcher poignantly captures the panicked uncertainty students felt as a teenager roamed Chardon High School , picking off students . "  We just had a shooting at our school . We need to get out of here ! Oh my God ! " the girl screams , her voice trembling . The dispatcher asks the girl if she saw the shooter . "  No , " the girl says beginning to cry . "  No . I did n't . I just saw the gun . " The girl 's sob-filled plea is among 911 tapes authorities released Tuesday as they continued their investigation into the shooting at the suburban Cleveland school that left three dead , two wounded and a close-knit Ohio community reeling . Sophomore T.J. Lane has confessed to taking a .22 - caliber gun and a knife to the school Monday morning and firing 10 rounds , said Geauga County Prosecutor David Joyce . After a preliminary hearing Tuesday , Joyce told reporters the 17-year-old will most likely be tried as an adult . "  Absolutely , " Joyce said . "  It 's a matter of law in the state of Ohio . At 17 years old , committing an act like this . " Joyce predicted Lane will be charged with three counts of aggravated murder "  as well as other counts . " Lane will continue to be held in detention , and charges must be filed by Thursday , the judge at the hearing ordered . Police have said the motive behind the shooting remains unclear , and Joyce added that the teen picked his victims indiscriminately . "  I guarantee that this was an aberration , this does not represent our community , " he said . "  He chose his victims at random . This is not about bullying . This is not about drugs . This is someone who is not well . " Lane told authorities he stole the gun from his uncle , a source told CNN on Tuesday . Then , just before class started Monday , witnesses say Lane silently walked up to a table of students in the school cafeteria . The 911 tapes detail the uneasy moments that followed as the school went on lockdown and police feverishly searched for the gunman . In one call , a student who fled the school tells a dispatcher he saw the shooter . "  His name is Thomas Lane , " the boy says , his calmness belying the situation . "  He 's somewhere in the building . As soon as I saw him pull the gun and start shooting , I ran outside because I did n't want to get in the way of it . " He tells a dispatcher that he saw a few students get sprayed by bullets . "  They were laying on the ground in blood , " the boy says . Another call follows , from someone hiding in a teacher 's lounge . Alarmed voices buzz in the background . "  We just need somebody down here as fast as possible , " the caller begs . "  I want to go home . I want to go home so bad . " The voices in the room rise as the group realizes the door to the lounge wo n't lock . "  Everybody quiet down . He could be out there , " the caller says , his voice dropping to a whisper . By the time the carnage ended , the gunman had shot five people , three of them fatally : Daniel Parmertor , 16 , who died Monday ; Demetrius Hewlin , 16 , who died Tuesday morning ; and Russell King Jr. , 17 , who was declared brain dead early Tuesday . Another student wounded in the shooting remained hospitalized Tuesday . A fifth victim was released , officials said . Monday 's death toll might have been higher had it not been for the actions of assistant football coach and study hall teacher Frank Hall . Students said Hall chased the gunman out of the school , and police arrested the suspect nearby a short time later . "  I wish I could have done more , " Hall told CNN affiliate WEWS . Classes in the tight-knit community of 5,100 , about 30 miles east of Cleveland near Lake Erie , are to resume Friday . But staff , students and parents will be encouraged to return to district schools for visits and counseling on Wednesday and Thursday , Superintendent Joe Bergant said . Geauga County Sheriff Daniel McClelland said the community has a long way to go before it can put the shooting behind it . "  Now we move to another important phase , " he said . "  And while the investigation continues and we still look for the why and what and who , we now deal with a community looking to heal . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Three students died from the Monday attack in Chardon , Ohio "  They were laying on the ground in blood , " a caller says Suspect T.J. Lane has admitted to the shootings , prosecutor says He is likely to be tried as an adult , a prosecutor says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- In the busy street markets of Kabul , stacks of cash sit in piles as moneychangers shout the day 's exchange rate to shoppers bustling by . Currency is bought and sold in the open air . But all the money changing hands on the streets is barely a drop in the bucket compared to all the cash being siphoned out of the country in suitcases , and that is not a metaphor . "  It 's hard to estimate exactly how much is going out of Afghanistan , but I can tell you in 2011 , 4.5 billion was  flown  out of Afghanistan , " said Khan Afzal Hadawal , deputy governor of the bank of Afghanistan . That is just what is moving out of the Kabul airport . It is estimated $ 8 billion in cash was lugged out of the country last year by car , private jets and border crossings . That is almost double the entire country 's budget for 2011 . The government is trying to stop the outflow of money to other countries and encourage investment in Afghanistan . It has capped the amount of cash that can be taken out of the country at $ 20,000 . "  We are very serious on this . It is not an easy job . Definitely there are challenges . People will try to use other channels but we will not let anybody take the physical cash out of Afghanistan , " Hadawal said . Military : Bales left base twice during rampage At a dusty construction site on the outskirts of Kabul , workers use everything from a hand-powered rebar cutter to a huge tractor and loader . They are building a multimillion-dollar community . It is the dream of Afghan developer Haji Hafizullah Caravan , who hopes the government 's plan works . He and his family have made a huge investment in the capital , Kabul , constructing large self-contained communities complete with mosques , schools and hospitals . The idea is to make people feel safer by creating a tiny city within a city . The price per apartment starts at $ 70,000 . "  Kabul was mostly destroyed in wars . There is need for construction in Afghanistan and the amount of housing that is needed is not being fulfilled , " Caravan said . The projects have created dozens of jobs for people like Abdul Wahab , who has 13 family members to provide for . "  It 's hard to find work and to find good work , " Wahab said after using all his body weight and strength to lean on a lever linked to a device that cuts rebar . If it was n't for this job , he said , his family would suffer greatly . Caravan said he wants others to help rebuild instead of storing their cash in already posh Dubai . "  We are Afghans and should build up our own country by any means . We should be proud of our country , " he said . But he said he understands why people have moved out large sums of cash . There is a looming fear that when NATO forces leave , so will any semblance of security , both physical and economic . Three NATO soldiers killed "  We are worried about security , that it does n't get worse . We want a stable system here in Afghanistan after foreign troops ' withdrawal . We worry about this and nothing else , " Caravan said . The 10-year war has brought heartache , but also more stability . Foreign aid is propping up Afghanistan 's economy . The question on every potential investor 's mind is whether Afghanistan will be able to sustain itself when the war is finally over .	It is estimated $ 8 billion in cash was lugged out of Afghanistan last year The country limits cash leaving the country at once to $ 20,000 Those with money are worried what will happen when foreign troops leave
CNN  -- During the past six seasons of the television show "  Mad Men , " audiences and fashion designers alike have obsessed over the cast 's retro wardrobe . So has Linda Przybyszewski , a University of Notre Dame history professor and the author of the upcoming book , "  The Lost Art of Dress : The Women Who Once Made America Stylish . " The 1960s , the decade that "  Mad Men " has inhabited thus far , was a time of tremendous upheaval that challenged the principles of the past -- and the fashions , she said . As women and African-Americans fought for social equality and men struggled to normalize their home and work lives , everyone 's clothing changed . What the late '60s really looked like We asked Przybyszewski to weigh in on how the "  Mad Men " wardrobe evolved , and clue us in to what those shifts said about the time . Fans do n't yet know in what years the show 's final season will take place , but count on some bold , colorful changes . After all , at the start there were "  four guys essentially wearing identical suits , and now we have four guys each one of them with distinctive facial hair , color , cut , garment , " she said . "  That 's what the '60s did . "	The wardrobe of "  Mad Men " has changed dramatically over six seasons The social upheaval of the 1960s played out in the clothes people wore Linda Przybyszewski 's book , "  The Lost Art of Dress " comes out in May
CNN  -- Sebastien Loeb claimed his sixth Monte Carlo Rally crown as his quest for a ninth-straight world rally title got off to the perfect start . The Frenchman completed the formalities Sunday after virtually securing the crown with a dominant performance through Saturday 's night stages . Loeb , who drives for the Citroen team , left the principality with a maximum 28 points after winning the final 5km ` Power ' stage by two minutes and 41 seconds . The ` indestructible legend ' of the Monte Carlo rally "  For sure it 's always a great moment to start the season like this especially in front of so many fans , " Loeb was quoted as saying on the World Rally Championship 's official website . "  Full points in the first race is incredible and for sure it 's the perfect start to my title defense . But Monte-Carlo is my rally and for the others we will have to see . " Can Senna restore romance to Formula One ? Mini 's Daniel Sordo , from Spain , came in second to secure his team 's first podium since 1967 , while Norwegian Petter Solberg sealed third place for Ford . Mikko Hirvonen 's impressive debut for Citroen saw him claim fourth spot and Russian Evgeny Novikov was fifth . The next event in the World Rally Championship season starts in Sweden on February 9 .	Citroen 's Sebastien Loeb claims his sixth Monte Carlo Rally crown Eight-time World Rally Champion is fastest in Sunday 's final stage Dnaiel Sordo is second for Mini while Petter Solberg was third for Ford
CNN  -- The electronic component visible in a law enforcement image of an intercepted suspicious shipment from Yemen appears to be a printed circuit board from a disassembled cell phone , an engineer told CNN Friday . "  This size and the shape of the PCB  printed circuit board  are typical to a handset cell phone type device , " wrote Olivier Clerc , hardware application engineering manager for a large U.S.-based cell phone parts manufacturer . Clerc prepared the e-mailed analysis of the image at CNN 's request . His analysis was supported by information from a source close to the investigation into two U.S.-bound suspicious packages , who said the devices appear to be designed to be detonated by a cell phone . Cell phones have been widely used by terrorist groups as a means of triggering bombs . "  The component on the top right part of the device seems to be a digital camera sensor , " Clerc wrote in his analysis . "  The area with a rectangular grey material -LSB- held -RSB- a display that was removed . " "  On the left of the device , under the two metallic shield cans are most likely the baseband processor or the display controller . " A baseband processor is critical to the function of a digital cell phone . "  There is as well a coin type cell  which  is a backup battery , and 2 Board to board connectors . On one of these connectors is plugged a keypad that was as well removed . Another metallic component on the top left of the electronic board  partly hidden under a screw  seems to be a small vibration component , used on cell phones  when vibrate mode is enabled  . So this board is very likely to be the main electronic board of a cell phone device . " The source close to the investigation said a highly explosive compound known as PETN was found in both devices in amounts large enough to trigger a powerful blast . PETN was allegedly one of the components of the bomb concealed by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , the Nigerian man accused of trying to set off an explosion aboard Northwest Airlines Flight 253 as it approached Detroit , Michigan , on December 25 . AbdulMutallab is alleged to have been carrying 80 grams of PETN in that botched attack . By comparison , the source said the two devices found in the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates on Friday contained multiple times more PETN . Just six grams of the material is enough to blow a hole in the fuselage of an aircraft . A Google search for the numbered markings on the printed circuit board produced several links to the Bird D736 mobile phone . The D736 is a similar shape to the circuit board . The D736 is a Chinese-brand GSM two-band phone that allows the unit to work in most countries in the world , including the United States . Clerc cautioned , however , that "  it was not obvious that this board is the D736 phone . " In the law enforcement photo , the cell phone circuit board is crudely mounted with screws , metal and plastic fragments to what appears to be a stout metal case . Wires lead from the circuit board out of the frame . Sources familiar with the investigation tell CNN that the suspicious shipments from Yemen contained computer printers . The metal case on which the circuit board is mounted would be consistent with the frame of a laser printer . Law enforcement sources have also told CNN that explosives were packed in printer toner cartridges . A U.S. official says while the explosive was likely the highly volatile PETN , testing is ongoing . CNN 's Pam Benson , John Cunha and Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	NEW : Source : Devices in packages appear to be designed to be detonated by a cell phone The electronic device was found in a suspicious package bound for the U.S. from Yemen The size and shape of the device are typical to a cell phone , expert says Cell phones have been widely used by terrorist groups to trigger bombs
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Frederic Deloizy says his life began the day he met Mark Himes by chance at a birthday party in April 1990 . Himes had recently started a job with Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education , and Deloizy was studying at a nearby college . The strangers arrived at the party at the same time , and Deloizy held the door open for Himes , catching his eye . "  It was love at first sight . We felt we belonged together , " Deloizy said . What followed was a whirlwind romance lived out across two continents , through overseas phone calls and hand-written love letters . Deloizy , a French national , spent the past two decades in and out of the United States leapfrogging from one visa to another , in hopes of creating a life together with Himes , who was born and raised outside of Harrisburg , Pennsylvania . But 21 years and four adopted children later , the couple -- who were married in California in 2008 -- is fighting to stay together since Deloizy 's final visa expired in September . Deloizy faces deportation because immigration officials are barred from recognizing their marriage under the Defense of Marriage Act  DOMA  . Himes filed a spousal green card petition so they can continue living stateside in Harrisburg with their four children , John , 11 , Claire , 8 , and 6-year-old twins , Jacob and Joshua . "  I will no longer ride in the back of the bus . I am tired of waiting for people to give me rights , " Himes said . On Wednesday , they faced an immigration officer at the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services ' district offices in Philadelphia to defend their relationship and marriage , the usual process for opposite-sex married couples where one spouse is foreign-born and not a U.S. citizen . The immigration authorities will now review their information and make a decision about their green card petition at a later date . Deloizy and Himes represent a growing number of same-sex couples with a partner of foreign nationality at risk of separation under DOMA , according to the couple 's immigration attorney , Lavi Soloway . "  They have sacrificed everything for their family , and the idea that the federal government wants to tear them apart in the name of the Defense of Marriage Act is preposterous and can not -LSB- be allowed to -RSB- happen , " said Soloway , co-founder of Stop The Deportations , a campaign to stop the deportations of spouses of gay and lesbian Americans . DOMA was passed in 1996 by the GOP-controlled Congress and signed into law by Democratic President Bill Clinton . It bars federal recognition of same-sex marriages and says states can not be forced to recognize such marriages from other states . Deloizy and Himes are hoping their case is placed on hold until DOMA makes it to the Supreme Court . On the flip side , if their petition is rejected , deportation proceedings could begin for Deloizy . "  If I 'm deported , the whole family is deported . You do n't split a family , " Deloizy said . "  It could make me mad , but it makes me sad . This is our reality . " In February , President Barack Obama ordered the Justice Department to stop defending the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act . Despite the order , the administration will continue to enforce the law . "  DOMA  is clearly unconstitutional because it violates basic equality rights , " said David S. Cohen , associate professor of law at Drexel University 's Earle Mack School of Law . "  Unless the legislative stars align themselves and make it a part of the priority to repeal DOMA , it will take some time for the courts to get to it . " The couple is not seeking special treatment , instead they 're asking for equal protection under the law , Himes said . "  You live constantly with the stress of knowing that you 're a second-class citizen and at any moment your family could be torn apart by the same government that permitted you to become a family , " Himes said . "  This is not gay life . This is two guys with a lot of kids trying to get laundry done and homework finished . " With Deloizy unable to work because of his visa status , Himes is now the sole breadwinner for the family . Deloizy runs the household when Himes is at work , packing lunches , getting the kids off to school , and shuttling their brood to doctor 's appointments and activities . "  I simply could not do this by myself , " Himes said . "  The private schools are gone , the nice cars are gone , and the big house is gone . But we have our family and we have our love . " Himes chronicles their daily life on his blog , where he creates a "  virtual scrapbook " of the couple 's children : his daughter , Claire , getting her ears pierced for Christmas ; his son , Jacob being rushed to the hospital when he bit his tongue after falling off his pogo stick ; and the family trip to Washington for the White House Easter Egg Roll in 2010 . "  It 's not about being gay or straight , it 's about love , " Deloizy said . "  If we 're not a family then what are we ? "	Frederic Deloizy , a French national , and American Mark Himes were married in 2008 They have been a couple for over 20 years and have four children Deloizy faces deportation because their marriage is not federally recognized
CNN  -- When making a big decision , how aware are you of the underlying brain processes informing your choices ? When you go with your gut instinct , are you aware of the bodily signals that have informed your actions ? While it may seem that there is no time for the close inspection of the body and mind at these critical times , enlightened leaders are turning towards mindfulness training as a way to reprogram their mind in a bid to stay sane and pull ahead in today 's challenging business environment . Not only does this allow individuals to clearly see the intentions and reactions underlying each and every action -- learning when an action is arising out of fear of uncertainty or rejection and becoming better able to detect a "  sure thing " via bodily signals . By repeatedly training the mind to pay attention to the sensations of the body as they enter the brain , mindfulness training uses this information to build up an exquisitely sensitive understanding of our reactions and responses in the world -- both at work and elsewhere in our lives . The term mindfulness refers to a particular state of mind , one that is alert , aware and fully present to what is unfolding on a moment by moment basis in the mental and physical landscape . Importantly , this awareness includes an element of acceptance , not judging whatever you discover in the process . The route to mindfulness is through attention training . In our general understanding , attention is something we direct outwards into the environment -- something pleasant catches our attention and we turn to look , something annoying distracts us and our mind wanders . This process changes the neural connectivity between regions of the brain related to attention and concentration . Sounds great , but what 's the catch ? The catch is that you need to train to get these benefits . Similar to visiting the gym and repeatedly lifting weights to develop muscles , to improve focus , concentration , and build emotional resilience you need to train your brain . An in-depth understanding of mindfulness from reading about it does not count as it is not training the neural networks . Bringing your attention in a sustained way to the breath and the body is the starting point of these practices . To obtain the best results , this training in done in a quiet dedicated environment . For example , 20 minutes of mindfulness practice in the morning will radically change how you experience your working day and relate to others . In the early stages of training , similar to when we first go to the gym , there is frustration and annoyance with our inability to stay focused and the effort required . This is because we are training these neural networks for the first time and the wetware of the brain is floppy and the mind undisciplined . The mind gets easily bored and distracted and thinks of a million other things it should be doing . We might also be alarmed when we see the quantity of mental activity that we were n't aware of at all ! With practice however , the ability to stay focused becomes easier , productivity increases , there is less distraction from emails and phone calls and memory improves . One study has shown that mindfulness training helps reduce the age-related decline in the number of neurons in the hippocampus -- a region of the brain vital for memory . Perhaps most importantly , we can learn to be really present and attentive with those who really matter -- our loved ones . Where is your mind when your phone beeps and vibrates during a family dinner ? High pressure situations , those involving emotions such as fear and anxiety , are when reactive mental habits are most likely to be triggered . Mindfulness allows us to see more clearly how draining this is in terms of our brain 's energy reserves and how this clogs up our ability to problem solve in a creative way . Fear creates constriction in the mind , meaning we tend to stick with what we know and lose the ability to think flexibly . This happens at the level of the individual and in a wider sense in organizations . Precisely at the time when we need to be creative , the conditions of uncertainty about our economic future leads to behaviors that are constricted and conservative and more likely to keep us stuck . Engaging with the bodily sensations related to these negative emotions is at the heart of mindfulness . Improvements in attention are a happy side effect of mindfulness but the real changes occur when we are able to embrace fear in an accepting way . Those who are willing to fail , and can sit with the uncertainty of not knowing will be those who ultimately succeed because their mental resources have been freed up in a way that allows creativity and flexible thinking to emerge . Mindfulness training is found in sectors as diverse as health , sport , military , education , and in the boardroom . Tomorrow 's leaders know that it will take more than technical expertise and access to facts and figures to remain competitive . Hence giants such as Google and General Mills now include mindfulness training within their organizations . The ability to communicate , to really listen , to be flexible in responding , and to be creative and courageous in decision making are the so-called "  soft " skills that leaders are realizing are essential for the health and growth of their talent and business . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr Tamara Russell .	Business leaders are taking up mindfulness training to make better decisions , says Dr Tamara Russell Studies show the training can help reduce the age-related decline in the brain Google and General Mills are just some businesses using mindfulness training
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic were billed as a tennis "  Dream Team " but they ended up suffering a nightmare . The top two players in the world rankings , forming a doubles pair for the first time , slumped to defeat in the first round of the Rogers Cup in Toronto . Nadal , the Spanish world number one , and Djokovic , the number two from Serbia , were beaten 5-7 , 6-3 , 10-8 by Canadian wildcards Vasek Pospisil and Milos Raonic . It was the first time in 34 years that the top two players in the men 's world rankings have joined forces in doubles . In 1976 , American duo Jimmy Connors and Arthur Ashe reached a quarterfinal and a final in their two outings together . But Nadal and Djokovic were less successful on their debut . After losing the first set to their more illustrious opponents , Pospisil and Raonic squared the match by winning the last three games of the second . They raced into a 4-0 lead in the Match Tie-Break and eventually won it 10-8 after Nadal and Djokovic had saved three match points . The defeat highlights the different skills required for success in doubles and singles . The Williams sisters , Serena and Venus , are a rare example of two top singles players who have enjoyed grand slam success as a doubles pair . Nadal and Djokovic will now turn their attention to the singles competition in Toronto as they step up their preparations for the U.S. Open , the fourth and final grand slam of the year , at the end of August .	Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal lose to Canadian wildcards on doubles debut It is first time in 34 years that top two players in men 's rankings have formed a pair Nadal and Djokovic will continue preparations for U.S. Open at end of August
CNN  -- A school district member in Arkansas who came under fire for an anti-gay post on a social networking site formally submitted his resignation to the school board Monday , according to the Midland School District superintendent . The board unanimously voted at a specially called meeting to accept Clint McCance 's resignation , Superintendent Dean Stanley said . McCance , then vice president of the school district in Pleasant Plains , wrote on his personal Facebook page that he wanted gay people to commit suicide , according to The Advocate , a newspaper focusing on gay news . McCance used the terms "  queer " and "  fag " repeatedly , promised to disown his own children if they are gay and stated that he enjoys "  the fact that -LSB- gay people -RSB- give each other AIDS and die . " In his typed , one-paragraph resignation letter , McCance said that he "  did not represent my school or my position well in my statements on line " and that he was "  sorry for all the trouble it has caused the school district and those people that I love in this school system . " "  I hope this resignation will help things get back to normal for you , " he wrote . "  At no time did I want anyone to hurt themselves . I do not support bullying . I do not wish harm on anyone . I always learn from my mistakes and I hope that all of you learned something from this experience . "  I am a better person today than I was a week ago , I promise you . I wish nothing but the best for you all , and may God bless this school district . " McCance appeared on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Thursday night , apologizing for the comments and saying that he planned to resign . "  I 'm sorry I 've hurt people with my comments , " McCance said . "  I 'm sorry I made those ignorant comments and hurt people on a broad spectrum . " Though he disapproves of homosexuality , McCance said , "  I give everyone a chance and try to love everyone . " McCance said he has received an outpouring of criticism over his comments , including "  thousands of phone calls , hate mails , people threatening to kill my family and me . " He said that he has sent his wife and two kids out of the state because of fears for their safety and that he is installing a security system at his home . "  I 'm reaping what I 've sown , " he said . "  I 've had a lot of hate speech thrown at me and my family on every level . " His comments had drawn criticism from education officials in his district and at the state level . "  I strongly condemn the statements that appeared on Mr. Clint McCance 's Facebook page , " Tom Kimbrell , Arkansas ' commissioner of education , said in a statement Wednesday . "  The statements attributed to Mr. McCance constitute a significant departure from statements we expect from our school leaders . The divisiveness and disruption of these comments cause me to seriously question the ability of Mr. McCance to remain as an effective member of the Midland School Board . " McCance was re-elected for a four-year term in September . He was initially elected to the leadership of the school district in 2007 for a three-year term . The terms are now four years long . The Midland School District had also denounced the posting . "  The district strives to foster an environment that discourages all forms of bullying , " it said in a statement this week , "  and an environment that encourages a safe and productive educational climate -LSB- for -RSB- all of our students . The district is very diligent in pursuing and addressing bullying of any variety on our campuses . " The state Department of Education had said it was "  dismayed to see that a school board official would post something of this insensitive nature on a public forum like Facebook . " Because McCance 's Facebook page is not accessible publicly , the Advocate said it learned about the posts after being provided with a screen shot . The posts were made , according to The Advocate , in response to a bullying awareness campaign sponsored by GLAAD , the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation . CNN 's David Mattingly contributed to this report .	NEW : Clint McCance : "  I am a better person today than I was a week ago " McCance submitted his formal resignation Monday It was unanimously approved by the school board McCance made inflammatory remarks about gay people on his Facebook page
CNN  -- American teenagers rank below average when it comes to understanding the value of money -- while Chinese kids are the best . In a quiz designed by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development to reveal "  financial literacy " of 15-year-olds , students from the U.S. , Russia and Latvia emerged as below middling . Teens from China , Belgium , Estonia , Australia and New Zealand were revealed as the savviest . Nearly 30,000 students across 18 of the world 's industrialized nations were tested on how they understood financial matters for the report . The 15-year olds were given range of tasks -- from figuring out an invoice and payslip to making a judgment on value of money . Do you think consider yourself money smart ? Then try answering the three questions below , taken from the OECD test . Answers are at the bottom of the story . 1 . You can buy tomatoes by the kilogram or by the box . Bought loose , they are $ 2.75 per kilogram , while a 10 kilogram box is $ 22 . The box of tomatoes is better value for money than the loose tomatoes . Why ? 2 : Mrs Jones has a loan of $ 8,000 with FirstZed Finance . The annual interest rate on the loan is 15 % . Her repayments each month are $ 150 . After one year Mrs Jones still owes $ 7,400 . Another finance company called Zedbest will give Mrs Jones a loan of $ 10,000 with an annual interest rate of 13 % . Her repayments each month would also be $ 150 . If she takes the Zedbest loan , Mrs Jones will immediately pay off her existing loan . What are two other financial benefits for Mrs Jones if she takes the Zedbest loan ? What is one possible negative financial consequence for Mrs Jones if she agrees to the Zedbest loan ? 3 : Each month , Jane 's salary is paid into her bank account . This is Jane 's pay slip for July : EMPLOYEE PAY SLIP : Jane Citizen - 1 July to 31 July Position : Manager Gross salary $ 2,800 Deductions $ 300 Net salary $ 2,500 Gross salary to date this year $ 19,600 How much money did Jane 's employer pay into her bank account on 31 July ? A. $ 300 B. $ 2,500 C. $ 2,800 D. $ 19,600 Answers : 1 . The price per kilogram of boxed tomatoes is less than the price per kilogram for loose tomatoes -- $ 2.20 per kg for the boxed tomatoes compared to $ 2.75 per kg for the loose tomatoes . 2 . Mrs Jones will have extra money to use and will get a lower interest rate . But she will also owe more money overall , will pay more interest in total and will take longer to repay her debt . 3 : B Source : OECD	The OECD tested "  financial literacy " of 15-year-olds across 18 countries American teenagers rank below average -- while Chinese kids are the best Try the test yourself , answers are at the bottom of the story
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN 's "  Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays . She delivered this commentary during the "  Cutting through the Bull " segment of Tuesday night 's broadcast . CNN 's Campbell Brown says "  having no life " is n't a requirement for a man to get a job . CNN  -- How many times have politicians been warned about the dangers of an open microphone ? And yet , on Tuesday , the lectern mic at the National Governors Conference picked up this little nugget from Pennsylvania 's Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell . He 's having a conversation near the lectern about President-elect Barack Obama 's choice for to lead the Homeland Security Department , Arizona Gov. Janet Napolitano . Here is what Rendell said about Napolitano : Rendell : Janet 's perfect for that job . Because for that job , you have to have no life . Janet has no family . Perfect . She can devote , literally , 19-20 hours a day to it Wow . Now , I 'm sure Gov. Napolitano has many qualifications for the job beyond having no family , and therefore the ability to devote 20 hours a day to the job . Watch Campbell Brown 's commentary " But it is fascinating to me that that is the quality being highlighted here as so perfect . C'mon . Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff is married with two grown children . His predecessor , Tom Ridge , had a family . Anybody remember a debate about whether they would have trouble balancing the demands of work and family ? Now , I am a fan of Gov. Rendell . He has been on this show many times . I like him for his candor . In our attempts to cut through the bull , he delivers far less bull than most politicians . But it is his frankness here that raises so many questions . 1 . If a man had been Obama 's choice for the job , would having a family or not having a family ever even have been an issue ? Would it have ever prompted a comment ? Probably not . We all know the assumption tends to be that with a man , there is almost always a wife in the wings managing those family concerns . 2 . As a woman , hearing this , it is hard not to wonder if we are counted out for certain jobs , certain opportunities , because we do have a family or because we are in our child-bearing years . Are we ? It is a fair question . 3 . If you are a childless , single woman with suspicions that you get stuck working holidays , weekends and the more burdensome shifts more often than your colleagues with families , are those suspicions well-founded ? Probably so . Is there an assumption that if you 're family-free then you have no life ? By some , yes . Again Gov. Rendell , I do n't mean to rake you over the coals . I know what you meant to say . But your comments do perpetuate stereotypes that put us in boxes , both mothers and single women . In government and beyond , men have been given the benefit of the doubt when it comes to striking the right work-life balance . Women are owed the same consideration . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .	Rendell says choice for Homeland Security good because she has "  no life " Brown : Janet Napolitano has many qualifications beyond having no family Nobody would have said the same about a male candidate , Brown says Women deserve same treatment as men on work-life issues , she says
CNN  -- FIFA has suspended two of its top officials as it probes reports they solicited bribes in exchange for supporting 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids , the world soccer governing body announced Wednesday . Amos Adamu and Reynald Temarii are barred from taking part in any soccer-related activity -- whether it is administrative tasks , athletic competitions or otherwise . The bans take effect immediately , though the move is "  provisional " and could be reversed as the investigation continues . "  Today is a sad day for football and for FIFA , " said Claudio Sulser , chairman of FIFA 's ethics committee , which voted unanimously to issue the suspensions . A FIFA member since 2006 , Adamu , 57 , is the director of sports development in his native Nigeria . Temarii , 43 , is president of the Oceania Football Confederation and advisor to the French Polynesian government . He has been on FIFA 's executive committee for the past six years . In addition , the ethics committee provisionally suspended four other officials -- Slim Aloulou , Amadou Diakite , Ahongalu Fusimalohi and Ismael Bhamjee -- from soccer-related activities after tying them to the World Cup bribe scandal . All four are members of international soccer federations affiliated with FIFA . The announcement comes three days after the Sunday Times of London published an article headlined , "  World Cup votes for sale . " In an undercover operation , the newspaper 's reporters said they approached six current or former FIFA officials , all of whom "  suggested paying huge bribes to FIFA executive committee members . " Two of the six asked for direct payment themselves , the paper reported . FIFA began investigating Adamu and Temarii on Monday . The ethics committee will meet again in mid-November as it investigates all six cases , according to FIFA . The six suspensions will last 30 days and could be extended another 20 days , FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke said Wednesday . "  We have enough time until mid-November to see if  the allegations  are more than rumors , but facts , " said Valcke . There are four candidates , all in Europe , to host the 2018 tournament : England , Russia and a pair of dual bids , one from Spain and Portugal , the other from Belgium and the Netherlands . The United States , Australia , Japan , South Korea and Qatar all hope to be home to the 2022 tournament . All the committees behind each country 's World Cup bids have denied wrongdoing , according to the Sunday Times . FIFA 's Switzerland-based executive committee will meet in Zurich on October 28 and 29 to further discuss the final voting process ahead of the December 2 decision on both tournaments . Despite questions about the integrity of the bid process , that date will not be pushed back , Valcke said .	FIFA suspends two members of its executive committee and four others It is investigating if officials solicited bribes in exchange for backing World Cup bids Another four people associated with FIFA also are suspended The probe will not delay a December vote on who will host the 2018 and 2022 events
CNN  -- Roll out the red carpet : America 's favorite prima donna pig is on the way to the Smithsonian . Miss Piggy , the beloved Muppet character known for flaunting her fashion sense and karate-chopping her way out of trouble , will go on display in March , the National Museum of American History said Tuesday . She wo n't be alone . Kermit the Frog , Miss Piggy 's longtime love interest , is already at the museum . Miss Piggy was among more than 20 puppets and props donated Tuesday by the family of famed Muppets creator Jim Henson . Other characters donated included the Swedish Chef from "  The Muppet Show , " Cookie Monster , Elmo , Bert and Ernie from "  Sesame Street , " and Red Fraggle and Traveling Matt from "  Fraggle Rock . " "  We do n't want these puppets in boxes , " daughter Cheryl Henson said at a ceremony announcing the donation , according to the Smithsonian . Jim Henson , who died in 1990 , would have turned 77 on Tuesday . "  No American artist has appealed to and affected as many people in different age groups and cultures the way Jim Henson has , " said John Gray , director of the museum . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	The Smithsonian says Miss Piggy will go on display in March Kermit the Frog , her longtime love interest , is already at the museum The family of Muppets creator Jim Henson donated Miss Piggy and other puppets
CNN  -- Civilians are in hiding in the Yemeni capital as protesters and government forces struggle for control on the streets of Sanaa . Residents in Sanaa are stranded in their homes , and some even fear looking out of their windows as they are left to wonder how long the violence will rage around them . "  We ca n't leave our houses to get food for our children . As soon as we walk on the street we are shot , " says Rami al-Shaibani , a Sanaa resident . Thousands protested in Sanaa 's Change Square last week , but this week the square has been quiet , except for groups of youths carrying away the dead and helping the injured . Multiple witnesses and medics said dozens were killed in a violent government crackdown that started on Sunday . Protesters have used Change Square for a seven-month sit-in demanding the resignation of President Ali Abdullah Saleh . He is recuperating in Saudi Arabia from a attack in June on his palace but has vowed to return to Yemen to finish his term . Each wounded protester was carried by six or seven others -- sometimes friends of the casualty -- and taken to the medical camp in the square . Drops of blood created trails on the ground tracing the long , bloody route to a field hospital . At the medical camp , hundreds of young people were covered in blood and screaming from pain . Thousands more volunteered and donated blood for those in need . It seemed that not a minute passed without another injured youth entering the medical camp . The International Committee of the Red Cross has called for calm in Yemen , which , it said , is facing an "  unprecedented level of violence . " With the limited-capacity field hospital full of patients , doctors made a desperate call for volunteers to try to help save the injured . Dozens were killed and more than 700 were wounded -- many of them by gunshots -- over the last three days in clashes with the military , according to medical staff in Change Square . Eyewitnesses said they had seen snipers on the rooftops of buildings surrounding the square firing almost continuously . In one incident , an ambulance carrying three injured protesters flipped over when a rocket propelled grenade hit it , killing all five on board , the medical staff added . Abdul Rahman Barman , the executive director of a local human rights organization , said Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's regime is attacking with no limits and does not differentiate between civilians , protesters or gunmen . The Yemeni government has repeatedly denied accusations of excessive use of force , and said the government is committed to establishing a peaceful transfer of power . Yemeni officials have said forces cracked down on those committing acts of violence during protests . Vice President Abdu Rabu Hadi has called for a cease-fire from all sides , state-run Saba news agency reported .	Dozens in capital Sanaa have been killed in a government crackdown since Sunday The Red Cross says Yemen is facing an "  unprecedented level of violence " Eyewitnesses say they saw snipers firing on crowds in Sanaa 's Change Square
CNN  -- San Diego is a veritable repository of the unique , the one-off and the rare . This southern California city is home to the world 's largest lemon  the 10-foot-long fiberglass behemoth sits in Lemon Grove , a small town in metro San Diego  and also boasts the world 's largest collection of memorabilia from the late Dr. Seuss , who was a longtime resident of the city 's La Jolla community . And two products that could n't be more different , the ubiquitous WD-40 lubricant and Dr. Bronner 's soaps , both have roots here . Check out five more quirky things unique to San Diego : A civic organist who gives free weekly outdoor concerts A public uproar broke out in 2011 when local leaders threatened to cut the city 's staff organist , a position that 's been on the payroll for nearly a century . Every Sunday afternoon since the organ was donated by sugar heirs John and Adolph Spreckels in 1914 , a staff organist has stepped up to the keys of a 50-ton pipe organ at a pavilion in Balboa Park . Fortunately for organ fans , tradition prevailed and the organist 's contract was renewed for another 10 years . Fans of current organist Carol Williams , a Brit who once played for Princess Diana , line up to buy CDs after the 2 p.m. performances . "  I 'm doing everything I can to dispel the organ 's dowdy image , " she says . For years , the Spreckels Organ Society boasted that its namesake instrument was the largest outdoor organ in the world . But then the benefactor of an organ in Austria e-mailed to inform them that their claim had been topped . In honor of the Spreckels organ 's upcoming 100-year-anniversary , supporters have started a capital campaign to add another 500 pipes . Take that , Austrian pipe organ . A presidential museum , housed in a high school Clairemont High social studies teacher Jim Fletcher began collecting presidential memorabilia in 1996 to spice up his American history lessons . With the help of his students , Fletcher started the Museum of the American Presidency that now has more than 40,000 items representing all 44 presidents . Among the 2,000 items on display in the school 's library annex are Bill Clinton 's golf shoes , a Richard Nixon shower head , a life-size cardboard cutout of Barack Obama and a 1980s "  First Family Paper Doll book " of Ronnie , Nancy , Ron Jr. and Patti Reagan complete with clothes , accessories and furnishings . There 's more to see in a locked conference room that 's also open to the public when not being used for , say , a math department staff meeting . Over the years , Fletcher 's students have written to collectors , reaping such donations as an original 1844 Nathaniel Currier drawing of all 11 presidents to that point and a portrait of William McKinley drawn in one continuous line . Also gifted to the museum was a miniature JFK 464 campaign license plate sent back to the factory after the president was shot in 1963 ; the collection also features the LBJ 464 California plate that replaced it . A display case of Woodrow Wilson paraphernalia valued at more than $ 10,000 features more items than are on view at his birthplace home in Staunton , Virginia . Count the White House movie sets from the film "  The American President " among the treasures that got away . Castle Rock Entertainment offered to donate the sets , but then reneged when Aaron Sorkin needed them for "  The West Wing . " Fletcher says only about 500 nonstudents see the unique museum each year . Sand dunes with secret messages It did n't take Edward Snowden to decipher the code in the sand dunes on Coronado Beach . You 'd never know the maze-like dunes just north of the Hotel del Coronado spell anything if you 're simply playing beach volleyball or building a sand castle , but Navy jets flying overhead ca n't miss the pickleweed-covered dunes shaped into the letters C-O-R-O-N-A-D-O . City maintenance employee Armando Moreno created the "  sand sculpture " in 1988 from tons of seaweed washed ashore after a big storm . Using heavy equipment and quick thinking  where else are you going to dispose of five tons of seaweed ?  Moreno meticulously spelled out the beach 's name and covered the seaweed in sand . A comedian in a chicken suit turned folk hero Ted Giannoulas , the man behind the famously irreverent San Diego Chicken , was named by The Sporting News as one of the Top 100 Most Powerful People in Sports alongside Muhammad Ali , Babe Ruth , Jesse Owens , Pete Rozelle and Wayne Gretzky . Giannoulas was a lowly student at San Diego State when he was hired by a radio station during spring break 1974 to pass out Easter eggs at the San Diego Zoo . The $ 2-an-hour chicken-suit gig beat the pay he made as a dishwasher , and Giannoulas , angling to score free admission to baseball games , talked his way into donning the costume again at Padres games . The slapstick antics of the costumed chicken became so popular that Miami Herald sports writer Bob Rubin called him "  the most gifted physical comic since Curly , Larry and Moe . " Giannoulas  as the chicken  has gone on to star in movies  "  The Attack of the Killer Tomatoes " where he stomped the evil villains in a parking lot  , commercials , TV shows and a recorded cover of Rod Stewart 's "  Do Ya Think I 'm Sexy ? " A surfboard museum in a taco joint Taco Surf , a family-run taco shop on Pacific Beach , doubles as a museum of Southern California surf culture . The museum/taco shop/vintage surf film production company was started in 1989 by Sam McLarty and his wife , Cindy . She 's the cook and evil genius behind the 15 spicy filling options that impelled USA Today to add this nonchain to its list of the country 's top 10 burritos . He 's the collector of 90 plus surfboards , all on display at the popular surfer 's hangout . "  I 've got boards from all the big names in surfing , " says McLarty who , at 60 , still surfs any chance he can . "  I have a 1952 Velzy & Jacobs , a solid 10-foot balsa wood board in beautiful shape . When the sun shines on it , it gives off a warm glow , like a fine guitar . I grew up in Imperial Beach , and my collection represents my lifetime -- from balsa to foam , from long to short , from heavy to light . " More than 50 vintage surf movies play on a continuous loop on two flat-screen TVs . And whenever it rains , Taco Surf offers $ 1 off their to-die-for chicken tortilla soup . What else is unique to San Diego ? Share your suggestions in the comments section below .	Every city has its own one-of-a-kind offerings In San Diego , a civic organist puts on free weekly concerts A man in a chicken suit has made his mark and surf culture ties in with tacos
March 3 , 2015 You may not be familiar with the city of Tikrit , but what 's happening there now could be a sign of things to come in the war against ISIS . You may not know the name Steve Fossett , but today marks a significant anniversary of one of the adventurer 's records . And you may not know how many times glass can be recycled , but we 'll tell you on today 's edition of CNN Student News . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Texas health officials are recommending that state residents make sure they 're vaccinated against pertussis , a sometimes fatal disease that is on track to sicken more Texans this year than at any time in decades . "  If we continue to have cases in Texas at the rate we 've had them so far this year , we 'll have more cases than has been reported for the last 50 years , " said Dr. Carol J. Baker , professor of pediatrics at Baylor College of Medicine and executive director of the Center for Vaccine Awareness in Research at Texas Children 's Hospital in Houston . The threat grows when one considers that scientists estimate 10 cases of pertussis , popularly known as whooping cough , occur for every one reported , she said in a telephone interview , adding , "  We 're clearly having an epidemic . " So far this year , Texas has tallied nearly 2,000 cases , two of them fatal , and the total is expected to exceed the 3,358 recorded in 2009 , when the last such outbreak occurred , the Department of State Health Services said . There does not appear to be any single explanation for the spike , said Chris Van Deusen , a spokesman for the department . "  It really looks like several things working together , " he said in a telephone interview , noting that outbreaks tend to occur in cycles . "  We see a peak and a lot of people will be exposed and develop natural immunity , " leading to fewer cases . "  Then it wears off and it  the number of cases  will go up again . " It is not clear how much bigger this outbreak is when compared with previous ones . That 's because increased public awareness and improved diagnostic tests appear to have led to more cases being identified , he said . But there is no debate about the seriousness of the disease . As many as two in 100 adolescents and five in 100 adults with pertussis are hospitalized or have complications , including pneumonia and death , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The federal health agency recommends that women get the vaccine during each pregnancy , ideally between the 27th and 36th week -- since an estimated 30 % to 40 % of babies who contract whooping cough get it from their mothers -- and that their children undergo a series of five pertussis vaccinations beginning at 2 months of age . That first shot is to be followed by injections at 4 months and 6 months , and boosters at 15 to 18 months and again at 4 to 6 years of age so that children 's immunity will be robust during the first months of life when they are most vulnerable . Both of the Texas fatalities were in children younger than 2 months . "  We want to make sure that they are getting the immunizations on that schedule so that the waning immunity wo n't be as much of an issue , " Van Deusen said . A separate vaccine is recommended for children ages 11 to 13 and for adults . It is considered especially important for people who are around newborns since the bacteria that cause the disease spread easily . Antibiotics are used to treat the disease . Texas ' peak is not being replicated nationwide , according to the CDC . The numbers are declining this year , with 14,270 cases reported through August , compared with 32,680 cases through August 2012 . A CDC spokesman said he was aware of no major outbreaks this year . "  We do not keep a comprehensive list of pertussis outbreaks since states only alert CDC to those if they need assistance , " said Jason McDonald in an e-mail . But Washington state declared an epidemic last year , and California did so in 2010 . "  It 's our turn , " Baker said of Texas . Since January , her hospital in Houston has seen 63 pertussis patients younger than 7 months of age , 62 % of whom were hospitalized , she said . Of those , 41 % were treated in the intensive care unit , three of them for more than a month . "  It 's a very severe disease , " she said . The younger the patients , the greater the risk to their lungs . "  All those airways are small , " she said . "  When they 're all blocked up , it 's a huge problem , and they have to go on breathing machines and sometimes cardiac bypass just to get oxygen into the brain . " The disease can cause coughing so violent that patients ' ribs fracture and they pass out . Pertussis got the name whooping cough because of the characteristic sound some stricken patients make . "  Children have a whoop after the cough because they 're out of breath , so they go ` whoop , whoop , ' " Baker said . Increasing vaccination rates are a problem , particularly because the series required to confer protection is so complex . Though more than 90 % of children nationwide get the first three doses , the number who get boosters is far lower , said Baker , who served from 2008 to 2010 as chair of the CDC 's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices , which sets U.S. policy on vaccines . In all , 45 % of pregnant women at Texas Children 's Hospital Pavilion for Women get inoculated during pregnancy , far outstripping the state average of less than 10 % , but that 's not good enough , she said . "  We need to do better . " During the 1930s and 1940s , before widespread vaccination against pertussis , its annual toll comprised nearly 300,000 cases and more than 4,000 deaths , she said . In 2006 , there were 15,600 cases and 27 deaths . Still , pertussis is the most prevalent disease among the pantheon of illnesses against which Americans get vaccinated , and there is no indication that it will go away soon , said Baker , who cited as obstacles to progress those parents who refuse the vaccine for their children and those adults who do n't know they need it . Though reporters may be writing about Texas this year , they could easily be writing about New York or Georgia next , she said . "  Pertussis is going to be , in my prediction , an ongoing problem . "	Nearly 2,000 pertussis cases have been reported in Texas "  We 're clearly having an epidemic , " a pediatrics professor says Ten cases are estimated to occur for every one that 's reported Nationwide , the number of cases is down this year , the CDC says
CNN  -- Lady Gaga may love to "  Just Dance , " but she will be off the dance floor for a while . The pop icon canceled the rest of her "  Born This Way Ball " tour this week because doctors found she had suffered a labral tear in her right hip . Initially , Gaga , 26 , said she had been hiding pain in her hip for a while and that she had a condition called synovitis , a severe inflammation of the synovial lining of her hip joint . Later , doctors determined the singer also had the tear . Tour operator Live Nation said strenuous repetitive movements caused the tear . "  A labral tear  affects a younger subset of patients , " said Allston Stubbs , an orthopedic surgeon at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center in Winston-Salem , North Carolina . "  We think it 's related to the repetitive mechanics of being active . " Think of the labrum as a ring of soft tissue that holds the ball of the femur , or thighbone , snugly in the hip joint 's socket . Lady Gaga cancels tour , will , will have hip surgery Live Nation said Gaga "  will need surgery to repair the problem , followed by strict downtime to recover . This unfortunately will force her to cancel the tour so she can heal . " New York Yankees third baseman Alex Rodriguez , 37 , had surgery to repair a torn labrum in his right hip in 2009 and then in his left hip last month . "  A lot of these patients have been involved with a fairly high level of activity for a long time , " Stubbs said . The average age of patients in Stubbs ' clinic with this type of injury is 30 , he said . Because many of them started being active when they were younger , adolescents and teenagers need to know how to stretch properly to prevent these types of injuries . "  I recommend two months of rest within a 12-month period , particularly in patients 16 and younger , " Stubbs said . "  We want them to be active , but we also went them to allow time for their bodies to rest and recover . "	Lady Gaga has canceled the rest of her tour because of a hip injury The performer suffered a labral tear in her right hip Doctor says it 's "  related to the repetitive mechanics of being active "
CNN  -- A Florida judge on Monday signed amended court documents mandating that Casey Anthony return to Orlando to serve a year of probation stemming from her check fraud conviction . "  From my reading of this , she should be reporting to probation in Orlando probably within 72 hours , " Orange County Circuit Judge Stan Strickland said in signing the documents , according to the Orlando Sentinel . The action came after an apparent misunderstanding in the case . Anthony pleaded guilty in January 2010 to felony check fraud charges , admitting she stole a checkbook from her friend Amy Huizenga and wrote five checks totaling $ 644.25 . At the time , defense attorney Jose Baez asked that Anthony be given credit for time served and be placed on probation . Strickland apparently intended for the supervised probation to begin after Anthony 's release from custody , said Randy Means , spokesman for the Orange County State Attorney 's Office . But the order signed by Strickland at the time seemed to indicate it was to run while she was in custody awaiting trial on murder charges in the 2008 death of her daughter Caylee . Cheney Mason , one of Anthony 's defense attorneys , said his client 's legal team is working to "  set aside and vacate the order . " He said the order claims Baez and Anthony were present Monday for a hearing -- something Mason said "  did not happen . " "  From what I can see , it is a fraud , " Mason said . "  We will be addressing that with all due speed and with aggression as the law , procedures , ethics and judicial canons will allow . " Mason said Anthony 's lawyers will seek to "  disqualify Mr. Strickland for the second time . " The judge had been presiding over her murder trial until April 2010 , when he recused himself after the defense accused him of being a "  self-aggrandizing media hound " who is biased against Anthony . Orange County Superior Court Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. took over , and stayed in that position through the trial . A jury acquitted Anthony of charges in Caylee 's death . The 25-year-old Orlando woman was released from jail July 17 . Her whereabouts since then have been unknown . Means said prosecutors were surprised to receive a letter from the probation office indicating Anthony 's probation was completed . He said there was a miscommunication between what Strickland said at the sentencing and what the court clerk understood . The clerk thought the probation and Anthony 's time in custody were to run concurrently . The documents were amended Monday to add the words "  upon release " to Anthony 's sentencing documents , the Sentinel said . Orange County prosecutors will not take a position on whether Anthony should serve probation , Means said , adding the issue is between Strickland , Perry , the probation department and the clerk 's office . "  We do n't think we have jurisdiction . The court is the sentencer , and if they think it  sentencing  was not followed , they can do something , " Means said . "  Our position is to leave it up to the court . " A Department of Corrections spokeswoman told CNN affiliate WESH that Anthony must report to Orange County within 72 hours . "  We are moving forward to make sure she is following the judge 's orders , " Gretl Plessinger said . Anthony 's defense attorneys may challenge the move and claim Anthony should not have to serve probation because she already did while in custody , according to the Orlando Sentinel . Means said the defense would have a strong argument to have the amended sentencing order declared invalid on grounds of double jeopardy . It would be unconstitutional to have Anthony serve another year of probation if technically she already served it while in jail , he said . Perry has indicated he wants to meet with officials from the Department of Corrections to go over what happened and "  make corrections . " Means said he does not know what that means , and knew of no pending hearings regarding the issue . At Anthony 's sentencing on the check fraud charges , she was ordered to have no contact with Huizenga , who testified against her during her murder trial . At her sentencing for the check fraud charges last year , Anthony said , "  I just wanted to let everyone know that I 'm sorry for what I did . I take complete and full responsibility for my actions , and I 'd like to apologize to Amy . I wish I 'd been a better friend . " In Session 's Aletse Mellado and Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	NEW : Anthony 's lawyer calls the order a "  fraud , " seeks to disqualify judge Amended court documents say Anthony should report within 72 hours She was sentenced to probation in 2010 after pleading guilty to check fraud There was an apparent misunderstanding about when the probation was to be served
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The community organizing group ACORN on Wednesday announced a hiring freeze , new training programs and an independent review of its programs after the recent release of a series of videotapes embarrassing to the agency . In the videos , the individuals seek advice on setting up a brothel with underage women from El Salvador . The videos , secretly taped by two individuals posing as a pimp and a prostitute , showed ACORN employees in four of the agency 's offices suggesting or condoning a series of illicit actions as the couple sought advice on setting up a brothel with underage women from El Salvador . "  We have all been deeply disturbed by what we 've seen in some of these videos , " ACORN CEO Bertha Lewis said . "  I must say on behalf of ACORN 's board and our Advisory Council that we will go to whatever lengths necessary to re-establish the public trust . " The steps announced include an immediate halt in hiring for all ACORN offices , an immediate training program for all front-line staff and selection of an independent auditor by the end of this week . Watch Lewis address the scandal " As the announcement was made , FBI Director Robert Mueller appeared on Capitol Hill for a wide-ranging oversight hearing , and when asked about ACORN , he signaled a potential federal investigation of the organization . In response to a description of the highly publicized videotapes by Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , Mueller said he had just learned of the matter . "  I think the first time I heard of this incident to which you refer was last evening , " Mueller said . "  Clearly , given what you have said , it 's something in consultation with the Department of Justice that we would look at . " At least 11 states have been investigating ACORN -- the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now -- for alleged voter registration fraud stemming from the general election in 2008 . The statement issued by ACORN on Wednesday stands in sharp contrast to comments earlier in the week , in which a spokesman called the recordings ' release "  an orchestrated sham . " Spokesman Scott Levenson said the taping was an attempt to "  create news rather than report the news . " The videos by filmmaker James O'Keefe and his colleague Hannah Giles have caused ACORN to fire four employees shown on the tapes . Watch some of the recordings " The videos were shot in ACORN offices in New York ; Baltimore , Maryland ; Washington ; and San Bernardino , California . ACORN claims that the film team also attempted to "  trick " employees in several other cities to make incriminating statements but failed . Fallout from the publicity prompted the U.S. Senate this week to vote 83-7 to block Housing and Urban Development grants to ACORN . Lewis responded with a statement saying that although the organization was "  disappointed that the Senate took the rare and politically convenient step " of cutting HUD grants , the move would have little effect . "  Fortunately , ACORN derives most of its income from its members and other supporters , so the decision will have little impact on overall operations , " Lewis said . On its Web site , ACORN , which was founded in 1970 , describes itself as "  the nation 's largest community organization of low - and moderate-income families , working together for social justice and stronger communities . "	People disguised as pimp , prostitute secretly filmed group 's employees "  We have all been deeply disturbed " by videos , CEO says Steps include hiring freeze , independent review of programs FBI director hints at Justice Department investigation
Neil Diamond will donate royalties from his song "  Sweet Caroline , " which has been played at every Boston Red Sox home game for more than a decade , to the One Fund Boston , the singer said on Twitter on Wednesday . The song was downloaded more than 19,000 times this week , with sales up 597 % , Nielsen SoundScan said . Diamond told Rolling Stone earlier this week that he will write a song about the bombings and other tragedies . "  I 'm writing now and obviously affected by this situation in Boston , so I 'm writing about it just to express myself , " he told the magazine . Diamond was at Fenway Park on Saturday to lead the crowd in what has become a stadium tradition of singing the tune during the break in the eighth inning before the Sox come to bat . "  What an honor it is for me to be here today . I bring love from the whole country , " he told the Sox faithful . The singer recorded the song in 1969 as an homage to Caroline Kennedy , the daughter of the late President John F. Kennedy . It has nothing to do with the Red Sox . According to the Boston Globe , Amy Tobey , who chose the music played at games , is responsible for bringing the tune to Fenway . In 2002 , new management requested the song become an eighth-inning staple . The fund has raised more than $ 23 million as of Wednesday . The fund was formed to "  help the people most affected by the tragic events that occurred in Boston on April 15 , 2013 , " the website says .	Singer will donate royalties to help people affected by the bombings in Boston Song is a staple at Fenway Park , where fans sing along when it is played Diamond wrote the song about Caroline Kennedy , not anyone associated with the team
CNN  -- Slovenia will be able to stave off a bailout by driving through changes including bank restructurings , privatizations , pension and labor reforms , the country 's finance minister Janez Sustersic told CNN . Sustersic 's comments come as European policy makers meet in Brussels to debate the latest tranche of aid for Greece , which has pushed through harsh austerity measures in return for access to a financial lifeline . Eurozone 's reluctant leader Fears Slovenia may also need a bailout have been heightened by the European Commission Autumn European Economic forecast noting the country was suffering "  strongly negative growth , " with the downturn likely to continue well into 2013 . However , Sustersic said Slovenia was drafting legislation and drawing up a new budget which would assist in pulling the country out of its recession . Eurozone risks prolonged recession "  There is some political deadlock , some political maneuvering , we also have some referendums announced , but regardless of that I think we can find ways to implement the measures that are necessary , " he told CNN . And while countries were unhappy with the situation in Greece , there was recognition of the Greek government 's efforts in driving through austerity measures , and the country would get some leeway , he noted . Greece : When anger turns to despair "  It will be a hard debate because a lot of countries are quite unhappy with the way things have evolved in the past , in Greece , " he said . However , "  I think finally there will be an agreement on the extension of the targets ... and a lot of debate about how to finance this extension . " Sustersic added he was glad Slovenia was part of the troubled eurozone , the 17-country common currency bloc which has been immersed in a financial crisis more than two years . "  We were hit by the financial crisis very strongly , but that was mainly due to our own uncompetitiveness , and the lack of structure , " he said . He added : "  It was not due to the euro . "	Slovenia will be able to stave off a bailout , the country 's finance minister Janez Sustersic says The country 's economy is in recession and its downturn is expected to continue next year The country is driving through privatizations , pension and labor reforms to recover Sustersic said the country was better off being in the euro , despite the financial crisis
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  -- Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko on Friday signed a broad agreement of cooperation with the European Union , the same deal whose reversal set off a crisis in the nation . The signing came hours before the President 's office announced a three-day extension of a cease-fire . This is the latest step suggesting Ukraine may be moving back from the brink of full-fledged civil war -- though the situation remains volatile , with continued violence and the constant fear of yet more , cease-fire or not . This tension has recent roots in then-President Viktor Yanukovych 's decision to shun the EU Association Agreement last year and work with Russia instead . That move unleashed deadly strife that led to Yanukovych 's ouster , the loss of Crimea and a pro-Russia separatist rebellion . Sealing the deal may be the second-most important moment in Ukraine 's history , Poroshenko said , after its independence from Russia . He said the signing "  shows how dramatically things can change in a short time , if the will of the people is strong enough . " And he paid tribute , on what he described as a "  great day " in the nation 's history , to Ukrainians who lost their lives when protests over closer ties with Europe turned bloody . "  The document we will sign today is not just political and economic , it is a symbol of faith and unbreakable will , " he said . "  It is a tribute to people who gave their lives and health to make this moment happen , and it is the strongest reminder that today 's Europe is and must be about people 's determination to live in a better and safer world . " Poroshenko said that in signing the Association Agreement , he was making a unilateral statement that his country has underlined its choice of future membership in the EU . And he signaled to Russia that its efforts to undermine the closer unification of Europe would fail in the face of Ukraine 's determination to pursue its European dreams . He used the same pen intended for use in November before Yanukovych turned his back on the agreement in favor of Moscow . Russian reaction Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Russian state TV that signing the EU deal is a "  sovereign right " but that "  Russia will undertake its measure if its market is negatively affected " by the agreement . Such action probably would be protective trade measures intended to shield Russian producers and industry from an influx of potentially cheaper , better-quality goods from Europe . Speaking at a Brussels news conference after the signing , Poroshenko said what was needed more than sanctions was a "  real dialogue " with Russia . The EU and the United States have repeatedly warned Moscow that more economic sanctions could be imposed if it does n't act to defuse the crisis . "  I really hope that finally now this dialogue will take place and we will have a real cease-fire and the implementation of my peace plan , " Poroshenko said . Speaking in Moscow , Putin also emphasized the need for a lasting truce , according to Russia 's state-run news agency ITAR-Tass . "  Ukraine should embark on the path of peace , dialogue and accord . The priority is to conduct substantial talks between the authorities in Kiev and the southeast , " Putin is quoted as saying . "  We stand for the complete termination of bloodshed on the whole territory of Ukraine , including along our borders , " he said , adding that Russia is doing its best to contribute to the peace process . Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Friday called for Ukraine to carry out promised constitutional reforms and said Russia should be involved in consultations to safeguard the interests of Russian speakers in southeast Ukraine . European Council leader sees stability , prosperity The EU-Ukraine Association Agreement calls for a free trade zone and for Ukraine to adhere to European values such as democracy and human rights . It will allow for the country to participate in common border protection and security processes . In remarks before the signing , European Council President Herman Van Rompuy also remembered those who died in Ukraine . "  In Kiev and elsewhere , people gave their lives for this closer link to the European Union , " he said . "  We will not forget this . " Van Rompuy said that closer political and economic ties would bring greater security , stability and prosperity to Ukraine and the two other former Soviet states also each signing an EU Association Agreement on Friday , Georgia and Moldova . "  Our joint goal is your full integration into the market of the European Union , " Van Rompuy told those countries ' three leaders , adding they must push forward with reforms . He also expressed the EU 's solidarity with the three nations in the face of Ukraine 's "  very difficult " security situation , and the "  uncertainties " looming over Georgia 's and Moldova 's relationships with Russia . He stressed that Russia had nothing to fear from those nations ' closer ties with Europe , adding the EU would engage with Moscow to work for peace . Putin -- pragmatic or emotional ? As Ukraine 's government works to quell the violence in the east , Poroshenko has said that negotiations with Russian separatists there will continue Friday . Peace is possible if Putin is in the right mood , he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an exclusive interview Thursday . "  Sometimes , the position of Mr. Putin is quite pragmatic , sometimes it is very emotional , " Poroshenko said . "  I just try to find out the time when he is more pragmatic than emotional . " The talks are intended to end fighting that threatens to escalate into a broader conflict . "  I am optimistic and I 'm thinking that within a few weeks , maybe months , we can have a deal to establish peace , " Poroshenko said . Putin has agreed to negotiations that will include an EU representative , Poroshenko said . "  We do not expect any immediate negative reaction , " he said . "  I 'm ready to make a peace deal with anybody . " He is also ready to fight if necessary but said , "  I hate the idea not to use the last opportunity to bring the peace to the region . " Peace plan Under his peace plan , he seeks a commitment to negotiations , the release of hostages , a mutual cease-fire and the withdrawal of Russian-backed forces from Ukraine . "  All the troops on Ukrainian territory are Russian , they are Russian citizens , " he alleged , adding that separatist leaders were from the Russian secret service . "  If that continues , it is a real war . " Poroshenko said that Ukraine had seen 18 soldiers killed and 33 injured in the past week , while the separatists had shown "  no negotiation , no sign of compromise . " But he held out hope for last-minute negotiations Friday and said he could not yet say whether the military action against the separatists would resume . At the same time , he made clear that in his mind , the Russian annexation of Crimea -- which has an ethnic Russian majority -- can not stand . Crimea is Ukrainian , he said . He made the same point Friday when he said that "  all Ukraine , including Crimea " will be associated with the EU . Russia and Ukraine have been engaged in a tense standoff since the annexation in March when Russia also massed troops along its western border with Ukraine . Cease-fire extended Poroshenko 's office announced Friday a 72-hour extension of a fragile cease-fire that was declared last week . That means that , by late Monday night , the Kiev government expects that all hostages will be released , all international border checkpoints will be taken out of separatists ' hands and the militants ' recruiting offices in Russia will close down . At the same time , the Ukrainian government says it still reserves the right to use force in any areas where the cease-fire is not being universally accepted . In fact , there have been plenty of examples of violence since the original cease-fire was declared . On Thursday , for instance , a Ukrainian national guard base came under attack in Donetsk , Anti-Terrorist Operation unit spokesman Vladislav Seleznyov said . Ukrainian troops were able to repel the attack but braced for another assault . Two days earlier , Ukrainian authorities said pro-Russia militants shot down a military helicopter in eastern Ukraine , killing nine . Kiev and the West have accused Russia of failing to take concrete steps to ease the crisis . NATO chief Anders Fogh Rasmussen urged Moscow this week "  to create conditions for the implementation of the peace plan , to end its support for separatist troops , and to stop the flow of weapons and fighters across its border . " Putin has shown signs of detente . At his request , Russia 's upper house of parliament voted Wednesday to revoke the President 's right to use troops in Ukraine . CNN 's Mick Krever reported from Brussels , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London and Ben Brumfield from Atlanta . Journalist Victoria Butenko contributed to this report from Kiev , while CNN 's Tom Cohen and Radina Gigova contributed from Atlanta .	NEW : Ukrainian President 's office : Cease-fire is extended 72 hours Ukraine 's Petro Poroshenko : EU document is "  a symbol of faith and unbreakable will " The signing shows "  how dramatically things can change in a short time , " he says State media : Vladimir Putin calls for "  substantial " talks in Ukraine , end to bloodshed
Cynthia Osokogu had it all : Beauty -- she was a former model -- intelligence and business savvy . She also modeled herself on her idol , Tyra Banks , and was emerging as a successful businesswoman . "  She was hardworking , loving , industrious and beautiful , " said her mother , Joy Osokogu . "  She had achieved so much at age 24 . " On July 21 this year , Osokogu traveled to Lagos from the country 's capital Abuja , ostensibly , to meet with retailers whom she thought might be able to offer her better prices on clothes and accessories for her fashion boutique . After landing , she called her mother to tell her that she had arrived safely . But Cynthia never made it to the meetings because there were n't any . She was found strangled to death in her hotel room the next morning . The trip was organized by Echezona Nwabufor -- a man , police say , she met through the BlackBerry messenger service and Facebook . For months , he and Cynthia had chatted through these social media platforms and soon she had also "  friended " his cousin , Ezike Ilechukwu Olisaeloka . Police say Nwabufor told Cynthia that he was a student at Lagos State University but that he had connections and could help her with her fashion business . What Cynthia did n't know was that Nwabufor had been stalking her for months , patiently gaining her confidence through frequent chats and postings . Eventually , Nwabufor made Cynthia an offer that seemed too good to be true . He offered to buy her a plane ticket and to put her up in a nice hotel if she would come to Lagos to meet with his business associates . When Cynthia arrived in Lagos , she was taken to a hotel just outside of town , drugged , beaten , sexually assaulted and finally , murdered , according to police . Read related : L.A. police use social media to ID possible ` Grim Sleeper ' victims She was targeted , police say , because the suspects had figured out that she was the daughter of a retired Nigerian Army general . They assumed that she would come to Lagos with cash , a large bank account and jewelry . "  She got involved with the murderers while chatting , " says Lagos Police Commissioner Umar A. Manko . "  At some point they discovered that she came from a very good home and felt that they could make some quick money out of her . " But her brother , Kenneth Osokogu , says that Cynthia never carried any large sums of cash . "  She does n't even have an ATM card , she used a checkbook , " he said . Cynthia 's sad and tragic story has shocked Nigeria . But criminal acts through the use of social media are not uncommon around the world . In the United States , Julissa Brisman was murdered by Philip Markoff who used Craigslist to find his victims . And in August , Christopher Dannevig pleaded guilty to murdering 18-year-old Australian student Nona Belomesoff after stalking her , like Cynthia , through Facebook . Facebook , Twitter , Tumblr , blogs -- Nigeria ¹ s internet use has exploded from just over two million users in 2005 to more than 44 million users today , according to the country 's National Information Technology Development Agency . Nigerians are some of the most active users of social media on the continent and the BlackBerry Messenger service is how millions of Nigerians communicate every day . But Cynthia 's murder has touched a nerve and exposed the dark side of the web in a way that most had not imagined possible . And while many outside the country may express shock that a Nigerian would fall for what seemed like an offer too good to be true in a country known for fraud and corruption , the sad irony is that many Nigerians are , in reality , very open and trusting people . And Cynthia 's murder really does seem senseless . After the suspects were arrested several other women came forward to say that they too had been drugged , tied up and robbed by the suspects . But they all lived . It is difficult to understand why Cynthia was killed . The police have some theories . Perhaps , they say , the suspects became enraged at the lack of payday after spending so much money to get her there . Or , maybe , Cynthia struggled or attempted to scream even after being drugged with the sedative Rohypnol . Read related : Facebook video leads to teens ' murder arrests "  She was struggling to see how she could liberate herself or make noise that would attract people to come  to her aid  , " said the investigating officer FESTAC Area Commander , Dan Okoro . "  But they overpowered her . " The next morning , after having spent the night with Cynthia 's body , the suspects left the hotel . A staffer and the police told CNN that the suspects placed a call to reception and told them to get "  the body of that bastard " out of the room . While police attempted to identify the body , Cynthia 's mother tells CNN that she tried calling Cynthia 's cell phone for five days but that the phone was switched off . On the seventh day , she says the suspects answered the phone and told her that Cynthia was sick . Soon , they were asking her for ransom money . "  I asked them if they killed my daughter and they said no , she was just sick and could n't come to the phone , " she said . Within three weeks , the police were able to arrest the suspects through cell phone records and CCTV footage of them leaving the hotel . Several other men have been arrested in connection with the crime including the pharmacists who sold the Rohypnol to the suspected killers without a prescription , their driver who police say always accompanied them during their robberies and a "  fence " -- the man who sold Cynthia 's and the other victims goods . The suspects are due in court on November 5 , exactly one month after Cynthia Osokogu was laid to rest . The police say this is a cautionary tale and issued a call to parents to become more aware and vigilant about what their children are doing while surfing the web . Cynthia 's family and friends agree . Her father and older brother both believe that Cynthia 's murder , as tragic as it was , will serve a higher purpose . "  An eye opener to younger girls and also future criminals with such barbaric intentions , " said Kenneth Osokogu .	Police say Cynthia Osokogu was lured to Lagos using social networking sites under false pretenses Suspects targeted her as they believed she would be carrying large amounts of cash , police say In Lagos , she was taken to a hotel , drugged , and sexually assaulted , before being murdered , they say Nigerians are some of the most active social media users in Africa
Washington  CNN  -- A man from Uzbekistan living in Alabama was sentenced Friday to almost 16 years in prison for threatening to kill President Barack Obama . Ulugbek Kodirov , 22 , pleaded guilty in February to threatening Obama , providing material support for terrorism and for illegally possessing an automatic weapon . In his guilty plea , Kodirov said that in 2011 he was communicating with a person he thought was a member of the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan , a designated terrorist group , and that "  Kodirov interpreted these conversations to mean that he should kill President Obama , " according to the Justice Department . Kodirov also admitted speaking to a different person in July 2011 about wanting to kill Obama and possible ways to carry out the act . Kodirov did not realize that person was a confidential source for law enforcement who then introduced Kodirov to someone to help him get weapons . The new contact was actually an undercover agent . The three men met in a motel room in Leeds , Alabama , on July 13 , 2011 , and the undercover agent showed Kodirov a machine gun , a sniper rifle with a telescopic sight and four disassembled hand grenades , and asked if he would like any of them to "  carry out his plan to kill the President . " Kodirov picked the machine gun and the hand grenades , according to the Justice Department . Kodirov took the weapons and left the meeting but was arrested by agents before he could get out of the building . Kodirov came to the United States on a student visa in June 2009 , but failed to enroll in school . His visa was revoked in April 2010 and from then on he was in the country illegally .	Ulugbek Kodirov plotted to kill the president , the Justice Department says He pleaded guilty in February to the charges He came to the U.S. in 2009 on a student visa , but failed to enroll in school
CNN Student News  -- September 30 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Cape Town , South Africa • Chile Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Officials think they 've uncovered a terror plot that was targeting Europe . That story leads off this Thursday edition of CNN Student News . From the CNN Center , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Europe Terror Plot AZUZ : Well , that terror plot , one source says the information comes from a man who was arrested in Afghanistan . He offered up some details about a "  Mumbai-style " attack in Europe . When we say that , we 're talking about the terrorist attack that happened in Mumbai , India two years ago . That is when ten men launched an attack that lasted three days and left more than 160 people dead . This man who told officials about the plot is a German citizen . He was arrested in Afghanistan back in July and is now in U.S. custody . He went to Afghanistan last year and joined a group that 's connected to the al Qaeda terrorist group . European officials are looking into the information that they 're getting . But German and U.S. officials say , so far , they have n't found any evidence of an imminent attack either in Europe or the United States . Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The first lady is a member of the U.S. president 's Cabinet . Not true ! The first lady can play a big role in a presidential administration , but she is not a Cabinet member . School Lunches AZUZ : First ladies do have a lot of influence , and they can use that to make an impact on laws and policies . For example , first lady Michelle Obama 's big push is to fight childhood obesity . And one of her goals is for Congress to pass a new child nutrition law . We 're talking about the school lunch program . It has n't been updated in about 5 years . This new bill that the first lady is pushing for would offer money to poorer districts to help pay for free meals , and it would require healthier foods in school programs . But it does n't look like this thing 's gon na become law anytime soon . You see , the money for these new programs would come from the food stamp program , and some Democrats think that should be off-limits . One Congressman said , "  We 're not going to tolerate robbing the poor to pay for every piece of legislation . " Fast Food Toy Ban ? AZUZ : We 've been talking this week about how healthy eating means making choices . You guys can make those decisions for yourselves or talk to your parents about making them . But kids who are younger than you , maybe your little brothers and little sisters , might not know about choosing healthy foods yet . They might just want whatever meal has a toy with it . And that 's why some California officials are considering a ban on including toys with some fast food meals . David Stevenson of affiliate KTVU serves up the details . BEGIN VIDEO ERIC MAR , SAN FRANCISCO SUPERVISOR : These toys that are used too often as incentives to lure and entice children to the meals . DAVID STEVENSON , KTVU REPORTER : Happy Meals went on trial in San Francisco . JUANITA ALVARODO , SAN FRANCISCO MOTHER : The toy that comes in that unhealthy Happy Meal ? There comes a price . STEVENSON : The county 's Land Use and Economic Development Committee heard from consumers and McDonald 's executives on a proposal to ban restaurants from selling meals with toys like these , unless the food meets certain nutritional standards . MAR : Meals must contains fruits and vegetables and not exceed 600 calories , and must not have beverages that have excessive fat or sugar . STEVENSON : Health advocates say fast food restaurants use these promotional toys to lure low-income children into diets high in sugar , fat and salt . JAMILAH TOOPS , SAN FRANCISCO RESIDENT : The youth in my community are getting diet-related diseases , like diabetes and hypertension , at younger and younger ages . KAREN WELLS , MCDONALD 'S CORPORATION USA , VICE PRESIDENT OF NUTRITION : We can use the toy in our advertisement to promote and educate on nutrition . We advertise our all-white-meat nuggets , our apple dippers , our low-fat white milk . STEVENSON : The McDonald 's corporation flew in executives from Chicago to tout what they describe as healthier menu options and to oppose the measure . WELLS : I 'm a parent . I have two small children . I decide what my children will eat and what toy or what the environment will be . And so , banning or putting legislation that undermines what parents choices are , we believe are wrong . STEVENSON : Scott Rodrick owns ten of San Francisco 's 19 McDonald 's restaurants . He calls the legislation proof of the city 's misplaced priorities . SCOTT RODRICK , MCDONALD 'S FRANCHISE OWNER : With the limited resources that our city has today , we should be focused on the greater issues : a public safety program that works . END VIDEO Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to the students and teachers at Hempfield High School in Landisville , Pennsylvania ! Cape Town , Pretoria and East London are all cities in what country ? Is it : A  Mauritania , B  South Africa , C  Madagascar or D  Great Britain ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! You 'll find those cities in South Africa . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Township Baseball AZUZ : South Africa played host to this year 's soccer World Cup Championship . Those of us who watched it still hear the horns . But there 's another sport , one from America , that 's gaining popularity in parts of South Africa , including the Cape Town area . And people are n't just focused on what 's happening on the field . It 's about the sport keeping young people away from stuff off that 's off the field , too . Nima Elbagir explains what we mean . BEGIN VIDEO NIMA ELBAGIR , CNN CORRESPONDENT , CAPE TOWN : Philippe Township on the outskirts of Cape Town , just off the glossy , double-lane highway leading into South Africa 's second city . Like many of the other townships ringing Cape Town , the lucky few live in government-built housing . But the vast majority live in shacks . Hundreds of thousands of families with no power , no heat and no running water . South African Townships , like the one behind me , are an incredibly difficult environment for young men . Guns , drugs , crime and a host of other temptations are a daily reality here , but an American import is now offering them a surprising alternative : baseball . Coach Nyameko Gabada introduced the game here four years ago after South Africa did well in the world baseball classic . NYAMEKO GABADA , BASEBALL COACH : I was staying here in Philippe . I found out that it 's a lot of crime that is abusing the children of this place . ELBAGIR : While baseball has gained some popularity in South Africa in more affluent areas with access to international sports channels , in the townships , it was all but unheard of . And Coach Gabada said he banked on that novelty to draw in the children . GABADA : Once we started , then they came in interest . Everybody wants to see what is this baseball . And then they started coming in numbers ! ELBAGIR : But once the team , the Philippe Angels , was up and running , their success has surprised even the coaches . ROB ROSENBLUM , BASEBALL COACH : The very first season , we started with two teams : under-twelves and under-fourteen . And amazingly , the under-fourteens won their league and the under-twelves came in second . And so , you can imagine the impact that had in the community , where these kids came home with a big trophy and ran around the community celebrating and everything . ELBAGIR : In a neighborhood where there is often little worth celebrating , the teams ' success has had a huge impact on the children 's confidence and aspirations . LAZOLA NDLANGALAVU : This township , very lot of drugs , bad things happening now . But now , if you do sports , and then you can stop doing drugs , all that stuff , bad stuff . ELBAGIR : And it 's not just on the sports field that trophies are being won . To play baseball here , you also commit to academic tutoring . It 's already paying off for some of the older children . ROSENBLUM : It 's the commitment to something bigger than yourself . It 's the hard work , the discipline , everything that comes from that . You transfer that to the rest of your life and you 've got a much better chance . And when somebody comes up to talk , they do n't say , "  Thank you for spreading baseball . " They do n't say anything like that . What they say is , "  Thank you for getting these kids off the street . " ELBAGIR : Nima Elbagir , CNN , Cape Town . END VIDEO Chile Mine Rescue AZUZ : From South Africa to South America for an update on those 33 men trapped in a mine in Chile . They 're not out , not yet . But there is some progress in the rescue efforts . One of the drills that 's making a hole big enough for these guys to get out hit the halfway point yesterday . That 's something . Officials are looking at early November for when they think the rescue operation will actually happen . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , I 'm Carl Azuz , and you 're watching CNN Student News ! Now , you hear me say something like that just about every day to introduce the show . Now , we want you to do it ! This is what we talked about yesterday . We want you to introduce CNN Student News ! It has to be through an iReport , and you can find out how to make and send in one of those by checking out the "  How Do I. . . " bin at CNNStudentNews.com . One rule here : You have to be at least 13 years old to send us an iReport . So , if you 're old enough -- at least 13 -- grab a camera , give us your name and your best show intro , and maybe we 'll see you saying "  this is CNN Student News . " Goodbye AZUZ : If you 're pundering how to do this , just take a little time for introspection . All right , you know we were gon na have some sort of pun there , but we really are looking forward to what you come up with . And plus , it 'll give me a break at the start of the show , and I 'd appreciate that . We thank you for tuning in today . Friday 's edition of CNN Student News -- you know it -- it 's gon na be awesome !	Find out how officials claim to have thwarted a terror plot Consider a debate over a ban on toys in some fast food meals Learn about the benefits of baseball in parts of South Africa Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- A Florida man apologized Tuesday for boarding his daughter 's school bus earlier this month and threatening the other children and the driver , saying he acted out of frustration over students bullying his daughter . "  I handled it the wrong way when I went on the bus , " James Jones said . He said he does not condone storming on the bus or his profanity-laced tirade in front of students . "  I really strongly believe we should do it a different way , " he said . "  But at that time , in the heat of the moment , I did it the wrong way . " He urged parents not to follow his example , but to use available resources and talk to the school if their child is being bullied . Jones was arrested a week after the incident , said attorney Natalie Jackson , who accompanied him at a news conference Tuesday . He is facing two misdemeanor charges of disorderly conduct and disturbing a school function , according to CNN affiliate WESH . Jones , of Lake Mary , Florida , and his wife claim they had attempted to talk to school officials about the bullying of their daughter . The Seminole County School District , in a statement released last week , denied that the couple had reported the bullying and said his actions were "  not acceptable behavior , " according to CNN affiliate Central Florida News 13 . The district said one incident Jones alleged had happened on the bus actually involved another student , not his daughter , and that incident was investigated and "  appropriate action taken , " according to the station . Jones addressed that Tuesday , saying a condom was thrown at another student , but went past his daughter , who found "  something wet " on her hair . The girl was told by someone else that a boy had spit in her hair , he said . But he said the girl also has been called names and pushed around . Jones said he found his daughter had been avoiding the bullying by skipping school . She would hide in bushes to avoid the school bus and return home while her parents were at work , he said . The girl has cerebral palsy , according to Central Florida News 13 . The girl 's mother , Deborah McFadden-Jones , drove her to school in the days before the incident , Jackson said Tuesday , but could not that day , September 3 , because she had a funeral to attend . The girl refused to go to school , she said , and her father said he would drive her to the bus stop and talk to those involved . But before the bus arrived , the girl began crying , and told her father about specific bullying incidents , Jones said . He said he was frustrated because she was so upset , and "  snapped . " His intention was , "  I was going to be a dad and I was going to at least talk to the bus driver and find out what was going on with my daughter , " he said . He said he had received numerous messages of support from other parents , but wanted to dissuade them from doing something similar . Jackson said Jones held Tuesday 's news conference because he wanted to draw attention to national anti-bullying organizations like the National Center for Bully Prevention , and to National Bullying Prevention Month , in October . "  It 's not about me . It 's about kids that are getting bullied going to school , " he said , adding that his actions were "  out of character . " He admitted that by launching into the profanity-laced tirade , he was acting as a bully . "  I thought I was backed up against the wall as a parent , " he said . "  We definitely do n't want to promote that . " At the time , Jones said the incident had upset his daughter so much that she had to be hospitalized . He said she was still in the hospital Tuesday . She will not be returning to that school , he said , adding he is looking into what to do next . McFadden-Jones said her daughter was attempting to stand up for other bullying victims when "  it turned on her and there was no one to help her . ... She felt alone . " She said she had noticed her daughter keeping to herself more . "  She was n't involved with the family like she normally would be on a regular basis , " McFadden-Jones said . She said when she drove her daughter to school before the incident , she asked to speak with a guidance counselor but was told the counselor was not available . She asked for the counselor 's phone number and called from the parking lot "  and I let them know I needed to talk to her about my daughter . " No one responded , she said . Jones encouraged parents to talk to their children about the situation at school . "  Get involved in your kid 's life , " he said .	James Jones : "  I did it the wrong way " He says his daughter will not be returning to the same school He wants to draw attention to anti-bullying organizations
CNN  -- Four years after "  The Decision , " LeBron James appears headed toward another one . The burning question : Where will the NBA superstar land next ? The Miami Heat star and four-time league MVP has decided to exercise his contract 's early termination option , meaning he 'll be a free agent July 1 , a source close to him told CNN 's Rachel Nichols on Tuesday . What 's the big deal about a basketball player possibly changing teams ? James is a rarity , an athlete so dominating that his personality transcends the sport . He 's earned first-name recognition , like Cher or Barack . James ' move would set up the 29-year-old star for a possible departure from Miami , where he has played the last four seasons , reaching four league finals and winning two championships . He famously left his first team , the Cleveland Cavaliers , via free agency in 2010 , teaming up with Heat star Dwyane Wade and fellow free agent Chris Bosh in Miami . James made that much-anticipated announcement in an ESPN special called "  The Decision . " The world of social media buzzed Tuesday with speculation about where he might end up , the excitement fueled by the recent decision of James ' buddy , Carmelo Anthony of the New York Knicks , to also try free agency . What if those stars ended up together ? As â $	NBA superstar LeBron James to become free agent , source says He led Miami Heat to 4 NBA finals , 2 titles Social media buzzing with speculation about where he might go Teams that might sign him : Cleveland Cavaliers , L.A. Lakers , Houston Rockets
CNN  -- World heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko has told CNN he is ready to fight David Haye anywhere . Haye retained his WBA heavyweight crown with a three-round demolition of former Olympic gold medallist Audley Harrison on Saturday , before setting his sights on the Klitschko brothers . Vitali is the current WBC champion while his brother Wladimir holds the IBF , IBO and WBO belts . Haye told CNN on Monday he would fight one of them within a year before retiring and now Vitali has demanded they get it on . He told CNN World Sport : "  I want to show I 'm stronger than David Haye . I 'm ready to fight , ready to sign the contract , ready to sit at the table and discuss every point . I know the biggest point of David Haye , he wants to make the money . "  I 'm ready to give him a very fair proposal . I 'm world champion , he is world champion , let 's split worldwide income 50-50 . I 'm ready to fight David Haye anywhere . "  Let 's see where the biggest interest is , where the people want to see the fight , where we have good revenue . We 're ready to fight in London , Germany , maybe the United States . " Haye was scheduled to fight Wladimir Klitschko in June last year but had to pull out due to injury . Vitali claims Haye has also pulled out of a fight with him , and fully expects it to happen again . "  The explanation is simple , " he told CNN . "  David Haye is a smart guy , he understands very well , he 's a world champion for a long time if he does n't fight against the Klitschkos . "  We tried to fight him twice and twice he jumped out . Right now , I think it will be exactly the same : before we make negotiations David Haye will find excuses . If he does n't want to fight , it 's his fault . " Haye faced criticism after his one-sided victory over Harrison but denied he needed to fight one of the Klitschkos to improve his credibility . But Vitali accused Haye of becoming world champion "  by talking " and predicted he would knock the Londoner out if they met in the ring . "  David Haye is fast , he is good technically , but for the heavyweight division he is too light , " he added . "  Every kilogram , every pound is very important in the heavyweight division . I want to show who is a real heavyweight . "  I 'm more than sure if I fought David Haye I would knock him out . I know my skills . Look at my fight record , I knock more people out than anybody . "  His biggest fight was against -LSB- Nikolai -RSB- Valuev . Valuev was famous for his size , nothing more . He lost so many fights . Who else -LSB- has Haye fought -RSB- ? I fought everyone . I 'm ready to fight everyone in the world . "  I want to make an open play so the audience know about our negotiations . No rematch , no options , 50-50 income , it 's clear rules . I promise everybody David Haye will find some excuse . "	World heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko tells CNN he will fight David Haye anywhere WBC champion proposes a 50-50 split in income from any potential fight Haye destroyed Audley Harrison to retain his WBA crown on Saturday Klitschko says he wants to prove he is stronger than Haye and says he will knock him out
In a "  wake-up call , " climate change scientists contend rising seas endanger America 's newest and oldest landmarks such as the Kennedy Space Center at Cape Canaveral and the first English colony at Virginia 's Jamestown , portending a new century of disasters if Americans do n't act . Listing 30 at-risk sites , the Union of Concerned Scientists notes how heritage sites such as Liberty and Ellis Islands have already prepared themselves for "  human-induced climate change . " But many historic treasures from Florida to Hawaii will be imperiled in the 21st century to bigger oceans and more wildfires and floods , the group asserted . Critics of climate change research are n't as dire and say the warming that the Earth now feels could have happened naturally in the ancient past . Critics contend that current studies advancing man-made influences on global warming are too short-sighted by covering only the past 1,500 to 2,000 years . The Union of Concerned Scientists , however , said all its case studies "  draw on observations of impacts that are consistent with , or attributable to , human-induced climate change based on multiple lines of scientific evidence . " The group urged Americans to protect the landmarks and "  to reduce the carbon emissions that are driving up the planet 's temperature , " the group 's report said . "  The historic legacy of the United States is at stake . " Those landmarks include sites where the "  first Americans lived , " Spaniard conquistadors ruled , slaves fled their masters , and a launch pad put the first man on the moon , the group said . "  You can almost trace the history of the United States through these sites , " Adam Markham , the group 's director of climate impacts and a report co-author , said in a statement . "  The imminent risks to these sites and the artifacts they contain threaten to pull apart the quilt that tells the story of the nation 's heritage and history . " For example , massive fires and floods have destroyed ancient pueblo masonry , pottery , petroglyphs , adobe buildings and trails at Mesa Verde National Park in Colorado or Bandelier National Monument in New Mexico , the report said . Among landmarks likely to be submerged in rising seas by century 's end are Jamestown , where English colonialists made their first permanent settlement in the Americas , and portions of the Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Monument in Cambridge , Maryland . Historic districts in Annapolis , Maryland , Charleston , South Carolina , and St. Augustine , Florida , are also at risk to a swollen ocean and possible worsening storm surges , the group said . In Florida , prehistoric communities made of oyster and clam shells are also in peril , such as the Ten Thousand Islands , a community dating to 1,000 B.C. , the group said . The Florida Everglades holds landmark communities built on wetlands out of oyster shells . In one case , the National Park Service and the University of Central Florida have established a "  living shoreline " of oyster mats , Spartina grass and mangroves to protect the 1,200-year-old Turtle Mound , made of shells , in Canaveral National Seashore , the group said . But elsewhere in Florida , the Kennedy Space Center , site of the historic Apollo 11 launch , has seen recent restoration and protection efforts "  undone " by storm surges . Those protections had sought to shore up dunes near the launch pads , and NASA is now evaluating climate change and further protective measures , the group said . Prehistoric relics are falling into the ocean in Alaska , where melting ice caps and permafrost are allowing storms to erode the coastlines of Cape Krusenstern National Monument and the Bering Land Bridge National Preserve , where "  irreplaceable prehistoric artifacts " are falling out of the shorelines into the sea , said Markham . On the west coast of Hawaii 's Big Island , coastal flooding connected to rising seas threaten ancient trails , seawalls , fish traps and sacred places , the report said . The American Southwest and its landmarks are also vulnerable to a one-two punch of big wildfires and then monsoon flooding , the report said . For example , New Mexico 's second largest wildfire in its history -- which destroyed 156,000 acres in 2011 -- damaged more than more than 16,000 forested acres belonging to the Santa Clara Pueblo , a federally registered Native American tribe and National Historic Landmark . Disaster struck it again when heavy rains flooded local canyons , barren from the fire . The Pueblo is home to ancient rock carvings and cliff dwellings . "  Cutting carbon emissions significantly and quickly can slow the pace of sea level rise , limit the temperature increases , and slow the expansion of the wildfire season , " Angela Anderson , director of the group 's climate and energy program , said in a statement .	Some landmarks now see damage such as the Florida launch pad for the first man on moon Science group contends ` human-induced climate change ' threatens heritage sites Imperiled are ancient mesas , Hawaiian sacred places , Alaskan coast , and Florida sites Group urges Americans to act to reduce carbon emissions
CNN  -- Extra-time goals from Mesut Ozil and Andre Schurrle spared Germany 's blushes against Algeria in the World Cup last 16 tie at Port Alegre on Monday . Following 90 minutes of stalemate it was Joachim Low 's side who finally broke the deadlock in the second minute of extra time when Thomas Muller squared the ball for Schurrle to cleverly back heal the ball past goalkeeper Rais Mbolhi . Ozil drilled in a shot to double the lead in the final minute of the second extra period before Abdelmoumene Djabou pulled one back for Algeria in injury time . It was a cruel end to what was a brave performance by Vahid Halilhodzic 's side who were looking to settle an old score from the 1982 World Cup . Algeria were eliminated at the group stage at the tournament held in Spain after West Germany and Austria contrived a result  a 1-0 win to the Germans  which guaranteed both European teams would qualify for the knockout stages . Thirty-two years after the so-called "  Disgrace of Gijon " it was fitting that Algeria 's first last 16 match in the World Cup was against Germany . Spurred on by history , the Desert Foxes got off to a flying start and perhaps deserved more for their frequent early raids into the heart of the German defense . Islam Slimani served warning of Algeria 's threat in the eighth minute as he scampered unchallenged down the left after a German attack broke down . The danger was only averted when Manuel Neuer rushed out of his area to tackle the Sporting Portugal striker . Nine minutes later Slimani looked to have scored his third goal of the tournament when he headed in El Arabi Soudani 's superb cross , but was adjudged to be offside -- TV replays showed the referee 's assistant had made the correct call . As the half wore on Germany came back into the game but were still vulnerable to the counter and were lucky when , in the 39th minute , Aissa Mandi 's thunderous 25-yard drive ricocheted off the boot of defender Jerome Boateng and bounced narrowly wide . Moments later at the other end , Germany were denied themselves as Mbolhi pulled off an amazing double save from Toni Kroos then Mario Gotze . Schurrle replaced Gotze at the start of the second half -- a change which made Germany more purposeful in attack . In the 54th minute , Muller laid the ball on for captain Philipp Lahm whose shot from 18 yards out produced an outstanding fingertip save from Mbolhi . Algeria 's rampant forays forward were less frequent but no less alarming for the Germany 's back four who continued to struggle with Slimani 's menacing runs . As the game entered the final 15 minutes of normal time it was Germany who increasingly looked likely to score . Muller looked certain to head in substitute Sami Khedira 's cross in the 80th minute but could only fire straight at Mbolhi and ten minutes later Bastian Schweinsteiger missed the chance to head a late winner . Schurrle 's 92nd minute strike calmed German nerves before Mehdi Mostefa got them jangling again eight minutes later with a close range strike which went wide . But when Ozil scored Germany 's second in the 119th minute they were home and dry despite Djabou 's late goal . Low 's side can now look forward to a quarterfinal against France at the Maracana on Friday . Read more : France sees off Nigeria	Germany edge past Algeria in thrilling last 16 match in Porto Alegre Extra-time goals from Mesut Ozil and Andre Schurrle seal place in last eight Algeria close to scoring on numerous occasions during 90 minutes Joachim Low 's side face France after 1998 winners saw off Nigeria earlier on Monday
Manchester , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Republican presidential candidates faced off twice in 11 hours on Saturday and Sunday in debates ahead of Tuesday 's New Hampshire primary . While both debates were staged in the Granite State , it was clear that the rivals intended for their messages to go beyond New Hampshire . Here are five things we learned from the weekend . Romney 's debating skills on display Neither debate did much to change the state of play in New Hampshire . Front-runner Mitt Romney 's rivals went after him in both debates . Even when other candidates slighted Romney -- Rick Perry referred to an "  insider from Wall Street , " and Gingrich went after Romney 's private-sector record by repeatedly citing an article by The New York Times -- the jabs were either veiled or dispassionate . And using The New York Times to back up an argument probably wo n't excite the conservative base . Romney 's opponents did step up their attacks between Saturday and Sunday , but then they seemed to back off . CNN.com Opinion contributor Todd Graham , an award-winning college debating coach , speculated that Romney 's rivals dropped the direct attacks because they were "  worried about overcorrecting , appearing rude , and alienating voters  Gingrich came close when he told Romney to ` drop the pious baloney '  -- or in the heat of the moment , they forgot their coaching once the second debate was under way . " Graham concluded that between Romney 's polished debating skills and sometimes poor debating by his rivals , he has only solidified his position . Looking ahead to the general election ? Over the past few years , the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights movement has made strides , and many question whether someone who is not a supporter of the movement could win a general election in 2012 . Such rights played a role in both debates . Rick Santorum , who has run on a predominantly social values platform , offered perhaps his strongest statement of homosexual support to date , saying he would not repudiate a son who told him he was gay . He was careful , however , not to say that he would fight for gay individuals , instead saying he would be an advocate for "  every person in America " and would make sure people are treated with "  respect and dignity . " On the same topic , Romney said he has hired gay staffers in the past and would never discriminate against gays or attempt to take away their rights . Are these two men looking ahead to a general election , where strong social conservative values may not play as well ? Social issues played a big role in Iowa and will do so again in South Carolina . Santorum 's answer may have been a good middle-of-the-road response and a reminder of a phrase often used by Christian conservatives : Love the sinner , hate the sin . That may be a message to which conservative voters in South Carolina can relate . Message received ? Americans have made clear their disdain for Congress , partisan politics and theatrics bringing government to a standstill . Both Gingrich and Romney touted their records of working with Democrats to hammer out legislative deals . Gingrich , who is best known for battling President Bill Clinton in the 1990s , highlighted that he struck deals with the Democratic president even though he wanted to make him "  a one-term president . " And Romney noted that when he was running Massachusetts , the state legislature was 85 % Democratic but that he found "  common ground , " adding that he 's proved he can "  work with Republicans and Democrats who are willing to work together . " Santorum touted his ability to gain support among voters of both parties in his former Pennsylvania district , and Huntsman said that serving one 's country should always trump party loyalty . But before candidates can work on uniting the party , they will have to triumph over their rivals as the bruising GOP primary plays out this winter . Huntsman 's last stand ? Since former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman is placing all his chips on a strong finish in New Hampshire 's Tuesday primary , the debates were his last , best chance to make his case . Saturday 's lukewarm performance was followed by a stronger delivery on Sunday morning . After coming under attack Saturday night by Romney for his service as U.S. ambassador to China during the first two years of President Barack Obama 's term , Huntsman strongly defended his time in Beijing on Sunday . But he also highlighted his fiscal plans as in tune with conservative Republican principles . And in a state where independent voters hold sway , Huntsman made his pitch , saying , "  the American people are tired of the partisan division . They have had enough . And I say , we 've had enough , and we have to change our direction in terms of coming together as Americans first and foremost and finding solutions to our problems . " Ron Paul punches hard -- in person The candidates have let super political action committees that support them do their dirty work on the campaign trail , spending millions on attack ads . But Ron Paul was one of the few candidates to repeat to his rivals ' faces the same harsh criticism he 's unleashed in ads or on the campaign trail . Paul stood firm in calling Santorum "  corrupt " and Gingrich a "  chicken hawk " for not having served in the military . "  Would you use that phrase  chicken hawk  again ? " moderator Diane Sawyer asked Paul on Saturday . "  Yeah , " Paul responded . "  I think people who do n't serve when they could and they get three or four or even five deferments are n't -- they have no right to send our kids off to war . "  I 'm trying to stop the wars , " he said . "  But at least , you know , I went when they called me up . " Gingrich responded with anger . "  Dr. Paul has a long history of saying things that are inaccurate and false , " he said , denying that he had asked for a deferment and pointing out that his father had served overseas . "  I think I have a pretty good idea of what it 's like as a family to worry about your father getting killed , and I personally resent the kinds of comments and aspersions  Paul  routinely makes without accurate information and then just slurs people . " CNN 's Gabriella Schwarz , Shawna Shepherd , Paul Steinhauser , Rachel Streitfeld , Shannon Travis and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Romney 's opponents step up their attacks over the weekend Social issues will play a large role in South Carolina Gingrich , Romney tout their bipartisan efforts Paul repeats harsh criticism to opponents ' faces
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Christina Aguilera signed her name to a divorce petition that was filed against husband Jordan Bratman in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Thursday . The 29-year-old singer-actress cited "  irreconcilable differences " as the cause of the split from the 33-year-old music executive she married five years ago . Aguilera 's petition said a prenuptial agreement should dictate how they separate their assets . That agreement called for Jordan to get none of the money Aguilera earned before , during or after their marriage . She is asking the judge to grant joint legal and physical custody of the couple 's 2-year-old son , Max . "  Although Jordan and I are separated , our commitment to our son Max remains as strong as ever , " Aguilera said in a statement released Tuesday through her representative . Aguilera co-stars with Cher in "  Burlesque , " a major feature film set for a Thanksgiving release .	Aguilera wants joint custody of her son The singer-actress filed for divorce Thursday Her petition says the couple had a prenuptial agreement
Miami  CNN  -- Two South Florida imams and a third family member were arrested Saturday on charges of providing support to the Pakistani Taliban , the Justice Department said . In addition , three others in Pakistan were also indicted on the same charges . FBI agents arrested Hafiz Khan and his son Izhar Khan in South Florida , the department said . They are expected to make their initial court appearance in federal court on Monday . Another of Hafiz Khan 's sons , Irfan Khan , was arrested in Los Angeles and will appear in court there . Also charged are three Pakistani residents : Ali Rehman , Alam Zeb , and Amina Khan . Amina Khan is Hafiz Khan 's daughter , and Zeb is his grandson . The four-count indictment alleges that all six defendants conspired to provide material support to a conspiracy to kill , injure and kidnap people abroad , and that they provided support to the Pakistani Taliban . Hafiz Khan is the imam at Flagler Mosque in Miami . Izhar Khan , is an imam at the Jamaat Al-Mu ` mineen Mosque in Margate , Florida . "  Despite being an imam , or spiritual leader , Hafiz Khan was by no means a man of peace . Instead , as today 's charges show , he acted with others to support terrorists to further acts of murder , kidnapping and maiming , " U.S. Attorney Wilfredo A. Ferrer said . "  But for law enforcement intervention , these defendants would have continued to transfer funds to Pakistan to finance the Pakistani Taliban , including its purchase of guns . " The indictment describes a number of occasions where Hafiz Khan transferred money to Pakistan , and where money was withdrawn once there . "  Khan solicited and distributed funds for the Pakistani Taliban , both personally and on behalf of others , and worked with the co-defendants and others to support the Pakistani Taliban 's jihad , " the indictment states . The court documents also list several conversations between Hafiz Khan and the other defendants where he calls for attacks against the Pakistani government and inquires whether money had been delivered to the Pakistani Taliban . The elder Khan also built a madrassa in Pakistan 's Swat Valley that provided shelter for the terrorist group , the indictment states . The Pakistani Taliban represent a confederation of Taliban groups in northwestern Pakistan , where they are based , said Bill Roggio , military-affairs analyst who is managing editor of The Long War Journal . Those fighters attack targets in Pakistan and across the border in Afghanistan . The group , which is headquartered in Quetta , is different from the Afghan Taliban , which has been focused on re-establishing the Islamic Emirate in Afghanistan . Both groups swear allegiance to Taliban leader Mullah Omar and have close ties to al Qaeda , he said .	Hafiz Khan and two sons arrested His daughter , grandson and one other person is wanted They are charged with providing support to a terrorist organization
Editor 's note : Nancy G. Brinker is the founder of Susan G. Komen for the Cure , named after her only sister , Susan , who died from breast cancer in 1980 . The organization describes itself as the "  world 's largest grassroots network of breast cancer survivors and activists fighting to save lives , empower people , ensure quality care for all and energize science to find cures . " Brinker served as Ambassador to Hungary in 2001 and Chief of Protocol of the United States during the Bush administration . Nancy Brinker says a bill by Sens. Ted Kennedy and Kay Bailey Hutchison would renew the fight against cancer . CNN  -- During his first address to a joint session of Congress , President Obama urged a new effort "  to conquer a disease that has touched the life of nearly every American , including me , by seeking a cure for cancer in our time . " It was a call to action that resonated for me , as it 's a cause I 've dedicated my life to pursuing . Nearly three decades ago I promised my sister , Suzy , who died at age 36 from breast cancer , that I would do everything I could to end the disease that took her life . A couple of years later , I too was diagnosed with breast cancer , at age 37 . Fortunately my cancer was detected and treated much earlier than Suzy 's , and it was much smaller and not nearly as aggressive . Following a mastectomy and four rounds of chemotherapy , I am now a 25-year survivor . We have made a lot of progress since the 1980s . We now have a basic understanding of breast cancer , which is the foundation for discovering the cures . And with this new understanding , we 're moving toward more personalized treatments -- as each patient and each tumor is different , their treatment must reflect those differences . Yet while we are in position to experience significant advances , the sad fact remains that we are still facing an enormous cancer crisis -- cancer will claim the lives of more than a half-million people this year -- about 1,500 people a day . In all , 40 percent of Americans will be diagnosed with cancer at some point in their lives , including approximately 1.4 million new cases this year alone . With the graying of the Baby Boom generation , we are about to experience a cancer tsunami . Thus I was inspired to hear our new president call for reigniting our nation 's war on cancer . And it did n't take long for a bipartisan group of senators to answer that challenge . The group , led by Sens. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , and Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , who have been working together and in close consultation and collaboration with the cancer community for more than a year , introduced the 21st Century Cancer ALERT  access to life-saving early detection , research and treatment  Act . This bill is an effort to address our shortcomings and renew our commitment to discovering and delivering the cures to cancer . In a period where Democrats control both the Congress and the White House and true bipartisanship is a rare and precious commodity , I am grateful to both senators , particularly Hutchison , for ensuring that this was a true partnership , and that everyone had a seat at the table . For Kennedy , this is obviously a personal issue . Hutchison has been with us in this fight since our early days , and this would not have happened without her leadership . The first step in saving lives is in detecting cancer early . If breast cancer is a guide , developing effective early detection techniques is critically important to increasing mortality rates . For example , when my sister died , only 77 percent of women who discovered their cancer before it spread beyond the breast survived at least five years . After nearly three decades of investments and advancements , the five-year survival rate has increased to 98 percent . Unfortunately , many cancers still do not have effective early detection methods . Ovarian cancer is a particularly devastating example : There is no screening diagnostic , thus a diagnosis is most often made after the cancer has spread . According to the American Cancer Society , when ovarian cancer is detected locally , the survival rate is 92 percent ; however , only 1 in 5 cases are detected at this stage , dropping the overall five-year survival rate to only 45 percent . Mortality rates are even more disturbing for lung and pancreatic cancers . This has to change . This legislation seeks to address this by placing an emphasis on early detection and promoting the discovery and development of biomarkers so cancers can be detected at the earliest possible stage , when cancer is most treatable . It will also strengthen the cancer research process by promoting public-private partnerships and collaboration between government agencies . And the bill stresses translational research , so new discoveries and breakthroughs in the laboratory make their way to patients ' bedsides as quickly as possible . At the same time , we have to remind ourselves as we push for science to develop the early detection methods that will save lives tomorrow , millions of our friends and loved ones do not have sufficient access to the detection and treatment methods available today . Tens of millions of people are uninsured and lack access to basic health care . Federal and state programs that provide support to underserved people with cancer are dramatically underfunded , leading to huge gaps in access . Even those with insurance often have difficulty accessing life-saving treatments , whether it is because they live in a rural community , have language barriers or are faced with roadblocks to participating in a clinical trial . The Cancer ALERT Act will begin to improve access to cancer care for underserved populations by expanding access to clinical trials and patient navigation services . One thing I 've learned over this journey is that we can do anything if we just put our minds to it and show that we are committed to success . This effort is an important and promising step in showing that discovering and delivering the cures for cancer is still a national priority , and that we are committed to seeing it through . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nancy Brinker .	Nancy Brinker : I made promise to my sister who died of breast cancer A cancer survivor , Brinker says she 's dedicated herself to fighting the disease She says new legislation would go far toward energizing fight against cancer
Rome  CNN  -- Thrust from obscurity to notoriety overnight , Capt. Francesco Schettino is the man at the center of the questions and recriminations over the Costa Concordia cruise ship disaster . As transcripts emerge of his conversations with the Italian coast guard on the fateful Friday night the ship ran aground , the 52-year-old 's every word is being pored over for clues as to what happened . A picture is beginning to develop of a man who spent decades at sea , but who his employers say did not live up to his training or responsibilities at the helm of his ship . With at least 11 deaths confirmed and about two dozen people still missing , Schettino may face charges including manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning a ship when passengers were still on board , chief prosecutor Francesco Verusio has said . It also has been widely suggested Schettino may have been "  showboating " when he sailed the luxury cruise liner so close to the island of Giglio , where submerged rocks tore through the hull . Schettino , who has said he will cooperate with investigators , says the rocks were uncharted , and his lawyer says Schettino did everything he could to preserve the lives of crew and passengers . Read court documents on the case against Francesco Schettino  trans . by La Repubblica A native of Castellamare di Stabbia , near the southern city of Naples , Schettino comes from a seafaring family , Italy 's Corriere della Sera newspaper reports . He graduated from the well-regarded Nino Bixio nautical institute in Piano di Sorrento , in Naples province , 30 years ago , according to the news agency Adnkronos . He joined Costa in 2002 as a safety officer , served as a staff captain , and was appointed captain in 2006 , according to the cruise line . Like all Costa masters , the cruise line said , Schettino "  has been constantly trained , passing all tests . " Costa chairman Pier Luigi Foschi said Schettino had never been involved in an accident before . He also played down the possibility that alcohol may have played a role in the disaster , saying he did not believe Schettino drank , and that all crew were subject to random drug and alcohol tests by Costa Cruises . But Foschi placed the blame for the wreck squarely on the captain , saying it was his choice to deviate from frequently traveled routes . Corriere della Sera reported that Schettino came close to Giglio to salute Mario Palombo , a legend among Costa Cruises ' commanders , and as a gesture to the only Giglio native on board , chief steward Antonello Tievoli . Schettino , who according to the Virgilio newspaper was well thought of by fellow sailors in Naples , is under house arrest at his family home in Meta di Sorrento , where some residents have come to his defense . Judge Valeria Montesarchio told a court in Grosseto , the provincial capital , that there was substantial evidence against Schettino and spoke of "  the grave imprudence and inexperience " that had marked his behavior . The court heard that Schettino was accused of abandoning about 300 people who were unable to look after themselves , and to whom he had a responsibility as captain , when he left the ship before they did . He made no serious attempt to get back on board the ship and was "  totally incapable of managing " the emergency , the judge said . The judge said the captain admitted to to making a mistake and that , at the time of the collision , he was navigating by sight . But , ordering his house arrest , Montesarchio said he had shown no signs of trying to flee the scene after the accident and that there was no danger of him tampering with the evidence . There was also no risk of him committing the same offense again , Montesarchio said , saying Schettino had expressed "  intent to change his life " and no longer work on ships . For the time being , Schettino is confined to his family home , and can only communicate with those he lives with , the judge ordered . It was to his mother , Rosa , that Schettino made a call at 5 a.m. Saturday , according to the Repubblica newspaper , telling her that "  a tragedy " had occurred and that he had "  tried to save as many passengers as possible . " The captain reportedly told her "  not to worry because it was all over . " A rather different picture has emerged from the transcripts of conversations between Schettino and the Italian coast guard published by Corriere della Sera . In those , the captain gives conflicting accounts of what happened when the ship hit rocks just off Italy 's western coast , leading to what passengers described as a chaotic and surreal scene as they rushed to evacuate . Schettino initially appears to play down the scale of the disaster , saying only that a "  technical failure " has occurred . Schettino then tells an official he has abandoned the vessel , according to the transcripts , which prosecutors say match those used in their investigation . But as the official questions his decision , Schettino appears to reverse course and says he did not abandon ship but was "  catapulted into the water " after the ship ran into a rock , began taking on water and started listing . As the night unfolds , the coast guard commander repeatedly questions why Schettino , as captain , is not on the ship when passengers are still aboard . But Schettino appears unwilling either to go back on board or to take charge of the desperate evacuation efforts , the transcripts reveal . Prosecutors have ruled out technical error as a cause of the accident , saying Schettino was on the bridge at the time the ship ran aground and made a "  grave error " that led to the disaster . The Italian coast guard and Costa Cruises are still investigating why Schettino took the ship so close to shore in an area known for its rocky sea floor . Costa Cruises has said that "  preliminary indications are that there may have been significant human error on the part of the ship 's master , Capt. Francesco Schettino , which resulted in these grave consequences . " "  The route of the vessel appears to have been too close to the shore , and the captain 's judgment in handling the emergency appears to have not followed standard Costa procedures , " the statement added . In addition to questions over how Schettino handled himself after the wreck , questions also lingered about whether the captain should have ordered an evacuation sooner and why no "  mayday " distress signal was sent . The captain 's attorney , Bruno Leporatti , said in a statement Monday that Schettino was "  shattered , dismayed , saddened for the loss of lives and strongly disturbed . " But , he said , Schettino is "  nonetheless comforted by the fact that he maintained during those moments the necessary lucidity to put in place a difficult emergency maneuver ... bringing the ship to shallow waters . " That move , Leporatti said , saved the lives of many passengers and crew members . The eyes of the world will likely remain on Schettino as investigators come to their own conclusions about the role he played in a catastrophe some have likened to the sinking of the Titanic a century ago . CNN 's Hada Messia , Livia Borghese and journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	Schettino trained at a well-regarded nautical institute , local media report He was appointed captain by the Costa cruise line in 2006 Schettino , now under house arrest at his family home , comes from a seafaring background He argues the rocks he hit were uncharted ; Costa says he took an unauthorized course
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- The last thing Thomas Hudner said to mortally wounded pilot Jesse Brown was that he would come back for him . Sixty-three years later , he may just keep that promise . Hudner , who received the Medal of Honor for trying to pull Brown from his downed plane during the Korean War , will fly to Pyongyang on Saturday and is hoping to return to the area his comrade crashed . He will travel with a fellow veteran , historians and his biographer to search for any trace of his friend 's remains or the aircraft . CNN is among three news agencies invited for the trip . On December 4 , 1950 , Hudner , now 88 , was part of a six-plane formation providing air support for U.S. Marines on the ground fighting Chinese troops during the Korean War . He was wingman to Ensign Jesse Brown , the first African-American aviator in the U.S. Navy . Korean War : Fast Facts Both men were in their early 20s but lived a world apart . Hudner was the white son of a successful grocery store owner in Massachusetts , while Brown 's father was a Mississippi sharecropper . Brown 's F4U Corsair was damaged while flying near the Jangjin Reservoir , known as the Chosin Reservoir by Americans , in the northeast of North Korea . He crash landed on the rough snow-covered terrain . Hudner refused to leave him . He crashed his own plane close by with the intention of pulling Brown from the wreckage . But Brown 's legs were trapped and Hudner was unable to free him . When a Marine helicopter landed to stage a rescue , Hudner had to make the agonizing decision to leave Brown . "  The Marine pilot pulled me aside , " Hudner told CNN , "  and said dusk was approaching and he could n't fly the helicopter in the dark and the mountainous terrain , so he had to leave . But he said I had the option of going with him or to stay with Jesse , which would have been obvious suicide . " Brown had crashed well behind enemy lines . If the Chinese troops did n't claim Hudner , the Korean winter would . "  I told Jesse that we had to get some more equipment because we could n't get him out with what we had ... I do n't know if he even heard m. I 'm afraid by this time he had passed . " The U.S. military decided to drop napalm on the wreckage so that Brown 's body and the aircraft would not fall into enemy hands . In a rare show of cooperation with a country it often calls the imperialistic enemy , North Korea has given permission for Hudner to return to Chosin Reservoir . The Korean War broke out in June 1950 when communist North Korea attacked its southern neighbor . United Nations forces , made up primarily of U.S. personnel , fought on the side of South Korea . China fought with North Korea . Choisin Reservoir was the scene of a harrowing battle waged during the brutal Korean winter , with frostbite a common injury . Arms and medical supplies also froze in subzero temperatures . Of the 15,000 U.S. troops involved , more than 3,000 died during the 17-day struggle . But the Chinese forces paid a much greater price trying to force the allied troops from their positions -- some 60,000 replacements were required to replace men lost to firepower and cold . An estimated 35,000 Chinese troops lost their lives . Hudner told CNN he did n't think the trip would ever happen . "  We 're very grateful to him  leader Kim Jong Un  and to the North Korean government that after all these years we 've been given permission to look for Jesse 's airplane , " he said . He puts the chances of finding Brown 's remains or his aircraft at 50-50 , but says it is important . He said severely strained US-North Korean relations could get a boost . "  Of course , that olive branch has to be extended and accepted by both sides , " said Hudner . "  There 's an important factor that not many people talk about , but in World War II the Japanese and the Germans were our bitter enemies and now they 're some of our closest friends . " An armistice agreement was signed on July 27 , 1953 , but a peace treaty has never been signed , meaning the two Koreas still are technically at war . The 60th anniversary of the end of the war is just one week away and Pyongyang has planned a military parade and mass celebrations on what it calls "  Victory Day . " The group is not planning on attending the commemoration . The timing of the invitation to the U.S. veterans is likely intentional , but for Hudner , the focus is bringing closure to his Korean War experiences and to Brown 's family . Brown 's widow and daughter , who was just a toddler when he died , are hopeful he will be found and eventually brought back home . Almost 8,000 American military personnel are still missing in action in the conflict . ` Living history ' - North Korean border town opens to Western tourists	Former pilot , now 88 , visiting North Korea Thomas Hudner plans to see Korean War crash site He tried to save Jesse Brown Brown was first African-American pilot in U.S. Navy
CNN  -- The Portuguese Football Federation has banned national coach Carlos Queiroz for a month following an incident involving an anti-doping team before the 2010 World Cup . The 57-year-old will miss next month 's opening Euro 2012 qualifiers against Cyprus and Norway for his part in the confrontation when the drug test controllers visited Portugal 's training camp in Covilha in June . Queiroz had initially fought the charges , and brought in his former mentor Alex Ferguson of English club Manchester United as a character witness . The former Real Madrid coach was also fined $ 1,280 for his part in the matter , as the FPF said on its website on Thursday that his "  aggressive behavior " had disrupted the testing procedure . The Ministry of Youth and Sport filed a report after the Sports Institute of Portugal complained about Queiroz . He will now miss the home match against Cyprus on September 3 and the trip to Norway four days later . Queiroz is under pressure to produce results , having needed to go to the playoffs to qualify for the World Cup and then losing to eventual champions and neighbors Spain in the second round in South Africa . Portugal failed to score in three of the four World Cup matches despite being led by the world 's most expensive player , Real 's Cristiano Ronaldo .	Carlos Queiroz will miss Portugal 's opening Euro 2012 qualifiers after being banned He was in trouble after incident involving anti-doping controllers before the World Cup Coach has also been fined $ 1,280 after confronting the drug team at training camp
New York  CNN  -- The legendary New York restaurant Tavern on the Green will close its doors after serving a last supper and hosting a New Year 's party . The iconic spot on the western edge of Central Park will undergo major renovations under a new operator and may even retain its famous name , but to many patrons , this is indisputably the end of an era . Claudia Myers and Wayne Knowles , a semi-retired couple visiting from Norfolk , Virginia , were saddened by the news and decided to treat themselves to one last Tavern dinner . "  I came here years ago and had good memories , " Knowles said . "  It 's the atmosphere and ambience " Myers added . "  Everyone knows what Tavern on the Green is and where is it " -- here , Myers paused -- "  except one cab driver . It 's just a neat place . It has history and it 's in the park . " Ed Brown and his wife , Judy , also were in town for the holidays from Plantation , Florida , and were aware of the restaurant 's plans . "  It 's my first and last time at eating at Tavern on the Green , " Brown said . "  At least I can now say I ate there . " Rodney Shephard recently was making preparations for his last party , for 1,500 guests . It 's nothing the restaurant 's maitre d' for the past 23 years could n't handle , but he was n't looking forward to his last party on his last day of employment at the restaurant . "  I never thought this day would come " said Shephard , 52 . "  Not like this . Not like the money-making machine that this place is . " The restaurant served its first meal in 1936 , when Mayor Fiorello La Guardia presided over its opening as the city and the country were trying to dig out from the Great Depression . The restaurant almost died in 1974 when the operator shuttered the "  rustic little money-losing pub , " as New York Times food writer Eric Asimov later described it . But Warner LeRoy immediately took over the Tavern 's lease and invested $ 10 million . He added two rooms to the existing four and installed scores of copper and brass chandeliers , Tiffany-style stained glass , bull 's - eye glass mirrors and ornate pastel-colored fixtures , and a 167-foot mural depicting Central Park . After its 1976 reopening , words like "  playful , " "  dazzling " and "  eclectic " were used to describe the restaurant 's ambience and the menu . "  It was an over-the-top whimsical place , " said longtime publicist Shelley Clark . Warner Leroy 's father , Mervyn LeRoy , was the producer of the "  Wizard of Oz , " A black-and-white photograph hanging in the Tavern shows Warner as a child with Judy Garland on the set of the movie . Jennifer Oz LeRoy , in her recently published book "  Tavern on the Green 125 Recipes for Good Times , " -- co-authored by her mother , Kay -- described the vision of the restaurant that her father wanted . "  When he walked into the courtyard of the run-down building , he imagined something wholly original and incredible : He would build a room in that space that would look like the inside of a wedding cake . " she recalled . "  He was a brilliant showman and a brilliant restaurateur . He was bigger than life . " said the Tavern 's chief operating officer , Michael Desiderio . "  He thought dining is like a great show , and when the curtain goes up everything must be perfect . " Shephard , who started as a front desk manager , fondly recalled LeRoy and the sense of family that he brought to the establishment : "  It 's like a second home . I consider the employees like your brothers and sisters , and now it 's all going to be cut off . " The restaurant became the destination for anniversaries , birthdays and family affairs , It served more than 500,000 people a year , an average of 1,400 dinners a night . Tourists eagerly descended upon the eatery for the crab cakes , wedge salad , salmon and parmesan-crusted chicken . Food critics were not so thrilled . Andrew Knowlton , restaurant editor for Bon Appetit magazine , said the restaurant has never been the greatest venue for foodies . "  When you 're serving 2,000 meals a deal , I do n't care if you 're -LSB- chef -RSB- Jean-Georges Vongerichten and Daniel Boulud , you just ca n't put out that much of a volume and have top quality food . " The LeRoy family was forced to file for bankruptcy in 2009 after losing a bidding war for to another proprietor , Dean Poll , who also owns the Boathouse Restaurant in Central Park . Once the restaurant closes , its contents will be auctioned off by Guernsey 's auction house . As part of the 20-year license to operate the restaurant , Poll is expected to invest $ 25 million on renovations . While maintaining the Victorian historic features of the building , Poll 's plan is to incorporate green building technology as well as replacing the kitchen and electrical and plumbing systems . The renovations , which are expected to take four years , will be conducted in phases so the restaurant can remain open . Attorney Barry LePatner , who represents Poll , said the new revitalized restaurant will become a popular destination for tourists and New Yorkers alike . "  The new incarnation of Tavern on the Green will integrate modern respect with an iconic location and a sensibility that will warm to New Yorkers " LePatner said . "  We want more New Yorkers as well as tourists . " LePatner said that while the terms of the lease are still being negotiated with the city parks department and issues with labor unions are still unresolved , Poll 's vision is to create a new era . "  The game plan is to have one of the biggest creative moments in the history of the city , and bring Tavern on the Green back to its original , enhanced luster . " One issue that is still left unresolved is the iconic name of the restaurant , which the current management estimates is valued at $ 19 million . The LeRoy family claims it trademarked the name in 1981 . U.S. District Court Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum is expected to make a ruling in January . In the meantime , LePatner said , the city has filed a trademark for "  Tavern in the Park " but that Poll would like to retain the original name and that it should rest with the site . Warner LeRoy , who was fond of flamboyant bashes , probably would approve of the Tavern 's plan to say farewell on New Year 's Eve . Over the park , as fireworks light up the sky and as the last party-goers exit , they will gaze at the 750,000 tiny white light bulbs that envelop the restaurant and just hope the new owners remember to keep the lights on .	Legendary NYC restaurant Tavern on the Green to close its doors at end of year Destination for 500,000 people a year for anniversary 's , birthdays , tourist visits Warner LeRoy spent $ 10 million on chandeliers , stained glass , mirrors in 1970s After bankruptcy , LeRoy family fighting with new lease-holders over Tavern name
CNN  -- Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo warmed up for next week 's "  Clasico " double-header as Spanish soccer rivals Barcelona and Real Madrid labored to victories on Saturday . Messi scored for the 15th successive league match as Barca came from behind to beat Sevilla and move 12 points clear of second-placed Atletico Madrid . The four-time world player of the year took his tally to 38 in the league this season from 25 matches , and 49 overall , as he combined well with second-half substitute Cristian Tello to slot a 60th-minute winner . David Villa had marked his return to action with a 52nd-minute equalizer , heading home Dani Alves ' cross . The striker had missed the midweek Champions League defeat by AC Milan due to his problem with kidney stones . Another shock defeat had seemed on the cards when Sevilla exposed Barca 's frailties at the back three minutes before halftime , as former La Masia academy defender Alberto Botia headed home a cross . Barca did not include Eric Abidal in the squad , though the French defender was on Thursday cleared to make his long-awaited comeback following a liver transplant . Earlier Saturday , Ronaldo came off the bench to help earn a 2-1 victory for Real against bottom club Deportivo la Coruna . Coach Jose Mourinho had made seven changes following last weekend 's win over Rayo Vallecano , ahead of Tuesday 's second leg of the Spanish Super Cup at Barca 's Camp Nou . It was Deportivo who took the lead as Riki beat Diego Lopez at the near post with a shot the goalkeeper should have blocked . It took a moment of magic from Kaka for Real to draw level with 17 minutes to play , as the Brazil midfielder curled in a right-foot shot to bring back memories of his days as one of the world 's best players . Kaka , who started the match , was also involved in the 88th minute winner , splitting the Deportivo defense with a pass that allowed Ronaldo to square into the path of Gonzalo Higuain . The Argentina striker was untroubled in netting his 100th La Liga goal for Real in 179 appearances . "  From the first minute of the second half we saw a change of attitude , " Mourinho 's assistant Aitor Karanka told reporters . "  We did n't win because of the substitutions , which were made in the 12th minute of the second half , but because of the change we made . It was the attitude of all the players that sparked the comeback . " It is a big 10 days for third-placed Real , who host Barca in La Liga next Saturday before traveling to England for the second leg of the Champions League last-16 clash with Manchester United . Both Spanish Cup and European ties are finely balanced at 1-1 . "  It was a difficult match , it was an uphill struggle for us from the first minute , but we had to demonstrate that we wanted to win and we were able to do that , " Higuain said . "  We are excited and we want to play because we know that in a week we are playing to stay in the Copa and the Champions . " Valencia missed the chance to move above fourth-placed Malaga , needing to come from 2-0 down at struggling Real Zaragoza as Brazilian winger Jonas netted both goals to earn a draw . Getafe moved up to ninth , winning 3-1 at second-bottom Real Mallorca thanks to two late goals from striker Adrian Colunga .	Lionel Messi scores his 49th goal this season as Barcelona come from behind to beat Sevilla Victory puts Catalan side 12 points clear of Atletico Madrid , who play Espanyol on Sunday Real Madrid also win 2-1 ahead of this week 's two Clasico matches against Spanish rivals Kaka equalizes against Deportivo and helps Ronaldo set up Higuain 's late winner
CNN  -- A New York facility says it 's ready to care for Jahi McMath , the 13-year-old girl on a ventilator who was declared brain dead by doctors in California after tonsil surgery . "  At this time we 're named as the potential facility that Jahi and her family will be coming to , but we will know more details in a couple of hours , and we 'll certainly be happy to let you know as we know , " said Allyson Scerri , founder of the New Beginnings Community Center in Medford , New York . On its website , the facility bills itself as an outpatient rehabilitation center for patients with traumatic brain injuries and says it plans to open a long-term care facility . According to her online biography posted on the facility 's website , Scerri worked as a hair stylist for 25 years and founded the facility after her father sustained a traumatic brain injury in a motorcycle accident . "  We are aware of Jahi McMath 's dire situation , and we are willing to open our outpatient facility to provide 24-hour care as an inpatient , long-term facility for Jahi with the required and appropriate medical staff that she depends upon , " Scerri said in a letter included in court documents last week . Omari Sealey , Jahi 's uncle , declined to comment on Scerri 's remarks to CNN Sunday . He told CNN affiliate KGO Saturday that the family is closer than ever to securing the teen 's relocation . "  We 're moving in the right direction , " Sealey said . "  We 've had small victory after small victory , and it 's all leading to the right direction . " At a court hearing Friday , Jahi 's family and hospital officials agreed on a protocol for the release of the girl to another facility , but did n't specify where or when she 'd be transferred . By court order , Jahi will stay on a ventilator until 5 p.m. Tuesday . The teen was declared brain dead on December 12 , three days after doctors removed her tonsils , adenoids and extra sinus tissue . As a fierce court battle unfolded between devastated family members fighting to keep her on the ventilator and doctors arguing she 'd already died , the case has drawn national attention and fueled debate . Doctors and a judge have declared her brain dead and said there 's no chance Jahi will come back to life . "  Overall , unfortunate circumstances in 13-year-old with known , irreversible brain injury and now complete absence of cerebral function and complete absence of brainstem function , child meets all criteria for brain death , by professional societies and state of California , " Dr. Paul Fisher , chief of pediatric neurology at Stanford University , said in a medical report on the case . Medical ethicists , meanwhile , say the high-profile case fuels a misperception : that "  brain death " is somehow not as final as cardiac death , even though , by definition , it is . But family members have said they 're holding out hope and want to transfer Jahi to another facility . So far the family has raised more than $ 47,000 on GoFundMe.com to move her . According to the site , more than 1,300 people have donated money in nine days . Scerri told CNN Sunday that the girl just needs to be given a chance to recover . "  Her brain needs time to heal . It 's a new injury , " Scerri said . "  We believe in life after injury , all of us here at New Beginnings have first-hand experience because we have a loved one that was in the same situation as Jahi . " On Friday , the Alameda County coroner issued a death certificate for Jahi . The certificate , which still needed to be accepted by the health department to become official , listed December 12 as her date of death . Family attorney Christopher Dolan had accused the hospital of being "  hell-bent " on ending Jahi 's life . Jahi 's family said last week that the hospital had "  refused to agree to allow us to proceed " in transferring Jahi to a New York facility . The hospital denied the accusation . "  We have done everything to assist the family of Jahi McMath in their quest to take the deceased body of their daughter to another medical facility , " hospital spokesman Sam Singer said . CNN 's Martin Savidge , Janet DiGiacomo , Greg Botelho and Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	A New York facility says it 's willing to accept Jahi McMath Jahi McMath is on a ventilator and has been declared brain dead by doctors Her family wants to move her to another facility besides Children 's Hospital Oakland The 13-year-old will be kept on machines through 5 p.m. Tuesday , under a court order
CNN  -- Yes , climate change is happening . But it 's hard to say that the tornado that ripped through Moore , Oklahoma -- or any given tornado , for that matter -- was influenced by climate change . Scientific research has not made a clear connection between tornadoes and climate change , said J. Marshall Shepherd , climate change expert and professor at the University of Georgia . There is currently a much better understanding of how climate change increases the risks of droughts , heat waves and precipitation , he said . There are also indications that changing patterns may influence the intensity of hurricanes . But as far as tornadoes : There 's just not a lot of information . As far as the Moore tornado , "  This tornadic storm , in my view , probably would have happened irrespective of whether there 's climate change or not , " Shepherd said . "  The question is : Are we increasing the risk and probability of more extreme events in general as our climate differs ? " More research and discussion is needed about future warming and the environments that might produce storms , he said . Trends in tornado occurrence over the last 50 years do not appear to have changed in conjunction with more greenhouse gases in the atmosphere and patterns of rising temperatures , Shepherd said . Beyond the climate change question , meteorologists do n't know a lot about why some thunderstorms produce tornadoes and not others . According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , only about 1 % of thunderstorms generate tornadoes . However , tornado prediction is advancing and evolving . Weather , says Shepherd , is like mood -- it changes all the time . The deeper underlying forces we call "  climate " are like personality . Greenhouse gases building up in our ocean atmosphere system , from human activity , influence that personality -- which is much harder to undo . To put it a different way , a driver who is sober has a certain risk of getting into an accident , said Patrick Kinney , the study 's senior author and director of the Columbia Climate and Health Program at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health . The risk goes up with a couple of drinks . Similarly , as humans pump more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere , that raises the likelihood of extreme weather events . "  Greenhouse gases are kind of like the alcohol in the system of the climate , " Kinney said . Climate change will mean more heat deaths Earlier this month , scientists measured for the first time an average carbon dioxide concentration of 400 parts per million at Mauna Loa Observatory in Hawaii , representing a new peak for this iconic monitoring station . More space and science news from CNN Light Years	Expert : Moore tornado likely would have happened regardless of global warming Science has stronger support for connection between climate change and drought , heat wave More research and discussion is needed about future warming and storms
CNN  -- The underwater probe being used to look for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was back in the water after its first attempt ended prematurely , said the company that owns the vehicle , Phoenix International . The Bluefin-21 autonomous underwater vehicle was about four hours into its second dive mission at 2 p.m. ET on Tuesday  2 a.m. Wednesday in Perth , Australia  , a source close to the operation told CNN 's Brian Todd . On Monday , crews sent the probe toward the ocean floor on what was expected to be a 20-hour deployment , only to have it return in less than eight hours after encountering waters beyond its 4,500-meter  14,764-foot  maximum depth . The probe found no debris during its shortened scanning session . The second mission is expected to end Wednesday around 10 a.m. ET  10 p.m. in Perth  , the source said . The vehicle was deployed in nearly the same area and is operating at about the same depth as the earlier mission , the source said . The earlier aborted mission does n't mean anything is wrong with the probe , which is designed to swim about 30 meters  100 feet  above the ocean floor and use sound waves to draw a three-dimensional map of what lies below . "  The vehicle 's tracking the floor , so when the floor dives , so does the vehicle . And the vehicle goes , ` Uh oh , I 'm not supposed to be here ' and punches up , " said David Gallo , director of special projects at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution . And while it 's disappointing the vehicle returned to the surface early , it 's not unusual , said David Kelly , CEO of Bluefin Robotics , the company that makes the probe . "  We 've operated these vehicles around the globe . It 's not unusual to get into areas where the charts are n't accurate or you lack information , " Kelly told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " A British survey ship is working to determine the areas where the Bluefin can safely work without hitting its maximum dive depth , according to Phoenix . U.S. Navy Capt. Mark Mathews of the Bluefin search team said the initial launch Monday night took place "  in the very far corner of the area it 's searching , so they are just shifting the search box a little bit away from that deep water and proceeding with the search . " About 8 square miles were searched , said Jim Gibson , a spokesman for Phoenix International . It could take up to two months to scan the entire search area . The deputy director for salvage and diving for the U.S. Navy told CNN that the Bluefin may actually be able to go deeper than it was first programmed to do , engineers have determined . "  We 've gone through and looked at all of the components in Bluefin , and we 're comfortable that we can exceed that 4,500-meter limit at this point , " Mike Dean told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . "  We 're looking at , can we push Bluefin beyond 4,500 , potentially down to as deep as 5,000 ? There is some software , that software has been tested now . And we believe that , with some confidence , we could push Bluefin to that depth . " He said two-thirds of the search area was less than 4,500 meters deep . Dean said the Bluefin was chosen for this part of the search because it was the lightest , most nimble package and easiest to get on scene . It 's possible that a second vehicle that can operate deeper than the Bluefin will be needed . One possibility is a vehicle called Orion that is towed behind a ship . It remains under the water and sends back real-time data . It would be a more complex operation to put an Orion in the water but one is available in Maryland if the Australian-led search team requests it . Monday 's shortened mission was the latest glitch in a 40-day search for the missing jetliner , which vanished March 8 with 239 passengers and crew on board after taking off from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , bound for Beijing . Surface and satellite searches have turned up nothing conclusive -- and confusing , sometimes conflicting details from investigators have muddied the public image of the search and angered relatives of the missing . On Tuesday , the Malaysian Cabinet agreed to set up an international investigation to look into the plane 's disappearance . Teams will look at the plane 's airworthiness , operational issues and human factors that may have played a role , officials said . Malaysia 's acting Transportation Minister Hishammuddin Hussein also said Tuesday that if searchers are able to recover the plane 's vital black boxes , it matters less which country takes control of them than does "  finding out the truth . " Oceanic salvage manager : How we search for Flight 370 The co-pilot 's cell phone Meanwhile , a new detail emerged from the flight on Monday . A U.S. official told CNN that co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid 's cell phone was on and made contact with a cell tower in Malaysia about the time the plane disappeared from radar . However , the U.S. official -- who cited information shared by Malaysian investigators -- said there was no evidence Hamid had tried to make a call . The official told CNN 's Pamela Brown on Monday that a cell phone tower in Penang , Malaysia -- about 250 miles from where the flight 's transponder last sent a signal -- detected the first officer 's phone searching for service roughly 30 minutes after authorities believe the plane made a sharp turn westward . The details do appear to reaffirm suggestions , based on radar and satellite data , that the plane was off course and was probably flying low enough to obtain a signal from a cell tower , the U.S. official said . U.S. officials familiar with the investigation told CNN they have been told that no other cell phones were picked up by the Penang tower . Pilots are supposed to turn off their cell phones before pushing back from the gate . When the plane first went missing , authorities said millions of cell phone records were searched , looking for evidence that calls had been made from the plane after it took off , but the search turned up nothing . The suspected oil slick Another possible clue into the plane 's disappearance appeared Monday . Australian officials announced the Australian ship Ocean Shield had detected an oil slick Sunday evening . It is unclear where the oil came from ; a 2-liter sample has been collected for examination , and was on its way Tuesday to western Australia for analysis . Test results could be days away . CNN aviation analyst Les Abend , who flies a Boeing 777 , said the engines on the plane have about 20 quarts of oil each . "  It could be slowly dripping up to the surface , " he told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  They 're saying an oil slick . I 'm wondering if it 's just some sort of a fluid slick . It could be  from  hydraulics . " If it is oil , it 's not the first oil slick detected as part of the search . A similar find in the first days of the search was determined to be fuel oil from a freighter . Surface search nearing end While air and sea surface searches continued Wednesday some 2,087 kilometers  1,297 miles  northwest of Perth , those searches are likely nearing an end . "  The air and surface search for floating material will be completed in the next two to three days in the area where the aircraft most likely entered the water , " retired Australian Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston , head of the country 's Joint Agency Coordination Centre , said Monday . With no debris found after weeks of searches and no possible pings from the plane 's black boxes detected in a week , Houston said it was time to focus the search underwater . The number of aircraft in the search grew to 14 planes , including three civilian jets . There were also 11 ships involved Wednesday . How do underwater sonar subs work ? What happens after the pingers die ? Listening for pings , water plays tricks CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , Erin Burnett and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : Official says Bluefin may be able to go deeper ; another vehicle that can awaits its call Underwater probe will map ocean floor until 10 a.m. ET Wednesday , source says Vehicle 's first attempt ended early after it exceeded its maximum dive depth Meanwhile , investigators are trying to determine significance of cell signal and oil slick
CNN  -- Sen. Robert Menendez slammed accusations that he had paid a Dominican woman for sex and expressed hope Tuesday that those behind the claims would be exposed in the wake of the woman 's notarized confession that she 'd never even met the New Jersey Democrat . "  I hope that you will all vigorously go after who was the source and purpose as you did go after the story at the time , " he told reporters . In a notarized statement filed in court , Nexis de los Santos Santana said she was filmed without her knowledge when she claimed that Menendez had paid her to have sex . "  I am the person in the video , that is me , and those are my words , but this statement is not true , " Santana said in the statement . "  I never agreed to be recorded . " In addition to criticism over accepting unreported plane flights and allegedly advocating on behalf of a business , Menendez was accused of partying with prostitutes in the Dominican Republic -- accusations he said were "  unsubstantiated . " As he did when the claims first emerged , Menendez said Tuesday the claims are "  false smears " lifted from right-wing blogs ahead of the election . Menendez faces scrutiny over ties to Florida doctor "  Look , I do n't know more than what I have read . But I do know from the very beginning I have said that nameless , faceless , anonymous sources ... from the right wing blogs took this story which was just false smears right before an election cycle , attempted to do it then , and ultimately drove it into the mainstream press , " he said . "  But they were never anything other than false smears . " The confession document was presented at a press conference Monday by lawyer Vinicio Castillo , who said Santana was recruited to make the claims against Menendez by another lawyer , Dr. Miguel Galvan . Galvan , in a notarized confession , pins the blame on a third lawyer , who Galvan said asked him to assist in a divorce case by finding "  witnesses " to claim they had sex for money with Menendez . CNN has attempted to reach both the lawyers who allegedly recorded the escort making the claims against Menendez , but has not yet received a response . Questions revolve around his relationship with Salomon Melgen , the Florida man who owned a plane Menendez admits having flown three times -- once on official Senate business , and twice for personal reasons -- to the Dominican Republic in 2010 . Melgen , his wife , Flor , and his daughter , Melissa , have been generous donors to Menendez , his fellow Democrats and related causes in recent years . Castillo is Melgen 's cousin and spokesman . In January , Menendez paid approximately $ 58,500 to Melgen for the flights he took in 2010 , chalking up the lapse in payment to his busy schedule . On Tuesday , Menendez answered questions about intervening on issues on Melgen 's behalf by saying , "  we raise questions all the time for a wide range of universe on public policy issues and we think that those are all legitimate . " A law enforcement official said last week the FBI was continuing to "  pursue all leads " surrounding the Menendez allegations , including the prostitution charges . The same law enforcement source said federal agents had gone to the Dominican Republic in hopes of finding the women who claimed to have had sex with Menendez , but that the women had not yet been located . The Daily Caller , a conservative website , originally published the video with two women claiming they had sex with Menendez for money . In an article published Tuesday , the Daily Caller said Santana was not one of the two women who were featured in the video , though Santana asserted in the notarized court document she was one of the women . In her statement Monday , Santana said she was told she would be paid well for reading the script . Both she and Galvan requested legal protection in making their confessions . CNN 's Adriana Hauser and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Robert Menendez says the confession shows the accusations are "  false smears " A Dominican woman says she was paid to say she had sex with the New Jersey Democrat A video of the woman first appeared on conservative website the Daily Caller The Daily Caller says the woman was not in the video
CNN  -- It was a much-anticipated summit between Rep. Paul Ryan and the Congressional Black Caucus . More than a month after the Wisconsin Republican ignited an angry backlash over comments that many viewed as racially insensitive , the House Budget Committee chairman sat down with members of the group to clear the air . Ryan gets constituent pushback over ` inner city ' comments Ryan 's ` inner city ' comments spark backlash But Wednesday 's session on Capitol Hill did n't bridge the gulf between Ryan 's philosophy of addressing poverty and that of the black caucus - whose members defend many of the current federal anti-poverty programs that Ryan 's proposed budget would cut . The black caucus chair , Rep. Marcia Fudge , an Ohio Democrat , stood next to Ryan after the closed-door meeting and thanked him for coming . But then she said bluntly that the meeting "  did n't get a whole lot accomplished . " She said while the black caucus and Ryan both are concerned about poverty , "  we just disagree on how we address the problem . " Controversial remarks Ryan opened the meeting explaining his comments a few weeks ago on a radio program - which triggered the invitation to sit down with the group -- did n't come out the way he intended , according to a Democrat who attended the session . During a March interview with conservative commentator Bill Bennett , Ryan , who has been working on alternative ways to address poverty , said there is a "  tailspin of culture , in our inner cities in particular , of men not working and just generations of men not even thinking about working or learning the value and the culture of work . " Many African-American leaders called the comments racially charged and the blowback prompted Ryan to swiftly admit his remarks were "  inarticulate . " Fudge referenced the controversy to reporters . "  There was some concern about comments that have been made about the culture in which we find this poverty , but we have agreed today that it is across the board . There is no particular place or people who experience poverty at a different rate than others , " she said . Did n't say sorry Democrats who attended the meeting said Ryan did n't say sorry , and was n't asked for an apology . He told members that sometimes what he 's thinking in his head does n't come across the way he wants and admitted that in the debate going forward , he needed to do a better job at explaining his position . Rep. Gwen Moore , D-Wisconsin , characterized Ryan 's presentation as trying "  to walk back " what he said , but she said there are still some black caucus members who believe Ryan was expressing his true feelings . Moore told reporters she thinks the meeting helped open a door to continued dialogue . Ryan explained after the meeting "  the point I 've been making all along is that we are marginalizing and isolating the poor in our communities and we need to stop doing that as a country . " Ryan , the 2012 GOP vice presidential candidate and a potential White House hopeful next time around , argued "  the status quo does n't work " and said the point of the session with the black caucus was to improve "  the tone of the debate so that more people are invited to this debate . " Challenged on his budget But Ryan also acknowledged that major differences on "  macroeconomics and budgets " still existed . Rep. Jim Clyburn , a Democrat from South Carolina and the top ranking African-American in the House , said he believed Ryan was sincere , but pointed to his proposed budget and said flatly "  if he stands by his resolution than he ca n't be serious about the discussion we had today . " CBC members challenged Ryan about the more than $ 900 billion in cuts to discretionary programs in his budget , saying they did n't mesh with his stated commitment to helping the poor , pointing specifically to his effort to repeal Obamacare and target social welfare programs in his proposal . According to Moore , Ryan "  punted , saying it was members on the House Appropriations Committee who get to decide which federal programs would actually see cuts . " Ryan 's work on poverty issues dates to the 1990s when he was an aide to the late GOP vice presidential candidate Jack Kemp , who headed a policy group called "  Empower America . " Kemp visited poor neighborhoods and pushed proposals to earmark federal and private resources to "  empowerment zones " to lift people out of poverty . Over the past year , Ryan has traveled to a dozen communities around the United States to learn about efforts to reduce poverty and promote more economic opportunity through mostly charitable organizations . He is expected to unveil his own anti-poverty plans this summer . But it 's unclear if he will introduce legislative proposals or just some concepts to continue the debate about the Republican party 's alternatives to current federal policy .	Rep. Paul Ryan made controversial comments on poverty that triggered backlash over race He met with members of the Congressional Black Caucus to clear the air The group 's chair said the meeting did n't accomplish that much , disagreements remain Ryan has toured areas of poverty in the United States
CNN  -- Sure , it 's a great feeling when you randomly stumble on a fantastic new bar while you 're out exploring a city . But when you 're there for only a few days , you sometimes want a guarantee that you 're going to be getting a well-made drink in a venue with character and style . That 's where this 2014 list of the world 's 50 best bars comes in . Announced by Drinks International magazine during a recent ceremony in London , the list is based on the votes of more than 330 international industry experts . The 2014 winners include bars from 27 cities in 14 countries , with 14 new entries . "  Overall , Europe appears to be the international epicenter for good drinking as it led the regions ' ranking with 21 of its bars included within the 50 best list , " says Drinks International in a release . For the third year in a row , London 's Artesian has been named "  world 's best bar . " In fact , the UK capital has eight bars on the list , more than any other city . These include Nightjar and The American Bar at The Savoy , which join Artesian in the top 10 . Across the Atlantic , Drinks International says the United States saw the strongest growth , with 16 bars included on the final 2014 list . Four of the top 10 listed bars are based in New York and Seattle . Australia , meanwhile , has six bars included -- all based in Melbourne and Sydney . Four Asia bars made the list -- with venues from Tokyo , Singapore and Hong Kong . The highest is Tokyo bar High Five , voted the ninth best bar in the world . Finally , Latin America saw three make the list , with two Mexican bars -- Mexico City 's La Capilla and newcomer Licoreria Limantour -- joining Floreira Atlantico in Buenos Aires . Here 's the full list of the 2014 world 's 50 best bars . For more details on the top 20 , check out the gallery above . 1 . The Artesian , London 2 . Dead Rabbit , New York 3 . Nightjar , London 4 . Attaboy , New York 5 . Employees Only , New York 6 . Canon , Seattle 7 . The Baxter Inn , Sydney 8 . American Bar , London 9 . High Five , Tokyo 10 . 28 Hongkong Street , Singapore 11 . Connaught Bar , London 12 . Happiness Forgets , London 13 . Aviary , Chicago 14 . Elephant Bar , NoMad Hotel , New York 15 . Nottingham Forest , Milan , Italy 16 . Smuggler 's Cove , San Francisco 17 . Candelaria , Paris 18 . PDT , New York 19 . Bulletin Place , Sydney 20 . White Lyan , London 21 . Buck & Breck , Berlin 22 . Broken Shaker , Miami 23 . 69 Colebrooke Row , London 24 . Hemingway Bar , Prague , Czech Republic 25 . Le Lion Bar de Paris , Hamburg , Germany 26 . Door 74 , Amsterdam , Netherlands 27 . Three Dots and a Dash , Chicago 28 . The Jerry Thomas Project , Rome 29 . Chainaya . Tea & Cocktails , Moscow 30 . The Everleigh , Melbourne 31 . Eau de Vie , Sydney 32 . Bramble , Edinburgh , Scotland 33 . Trick Dog , San Francisco 34 . Dry Martini , Barcelona , Spain 35 . Clover Club , New York 36 . Drink , Boston 37 . Black Pearl , Melbourne 38 . Schumann 's , Munich , Germany 39 . Floreria Atlantico , Buenos Aires 40 . Star Bar Ginza , Tokyo 41 . Delicatessen , Moscow 42 . Quinary , Hong Kong 43 . Cure , New Orleans 44 . Tales and Spirits , Amsterdam , Netherlands 45 . Maison Premiere , New York 46 . La Capilla , Mexico City 47 . Licoreria Limantour , Mexico City 48 . Shady Pines , Sydney 49 . Callooh Callay , London 50 . Williams and Graham , Denver Think your local watering hole should have appeared on the list ? Tell us about it below .	Every year , Drinks International calls on experts to compile its world 's 50 best bars list This year 's list includes bars from 27 cities in 14 countries with 14 new entries London kept the top spot with Artesian named "  World 's Best Bar " for the third consecutive year
CNN  -- Former world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo has announced her retirement from tennis , revealing that she no longer has the desire to play and train . The 30-year-old won two Grand Slam tournaments in 2006 as she spent 34 weeks at the top of the rankings , but has suffered a gradual slide since following a series of injuries and ended this year at No. 21 . The Frenchwoman won the Paris Indoor Open earlier this year , but it proved to be a false dawn in her return to top form and she skipped the final two tournaments of 2009 . "  I came here to announce the end of my career . I made this decision after careful consideration , " she told reporters at an emotional press conference on Thursday . "  I do n't want to train anymore . I had to make a decision , which became evident in the last few months and weeks . When you grow older , it 's more difficult to stay at the top . "  It 's a bit sad , but this is the right decision . I was lucky enough to have an exceptional career and to experience very strong feelings on the court . "  I dreamt of this career , I dreamt of winning a Grand Slam title . I lifted trophies in every city in the world and I lived 10 magical and unbelievable years . " Mauresmo claimed her first major win at the Australian Open when Justine Henin pulled out with injury during the final , but she defied her doubters by beating the Belgian to claim the Wimbledon title later that year . Henin and her compatriot have both ended their relatively brief retirements this year , but Mauresmo said she was unlikely to have a similar change of mind . "  Even if I 've learned to never say never , the players you are thinking about stopped earlier than me before coming back , " she said . WTA Tour chair Stacey Allaster paid tribute to the player . "  Amelie 's accomplishments not only include winning two Grand Slam titles and becoming the first French player to reach the world No. 1 ranking , but leading France to a Fed Cup victory , and generously donating her time to various social causes , " she said . "  Amelie is an extraordinary player , one of the nicest and friendliest personalities on tour , and a true champion both in tennis and in life . " Mauresmo won the junior French Open and Wimbledon titles in 1996 before heading to the senior circuit , where she reached the Australian Open final in 1999 before losing to Martina Hingis . She became the first French player , male or female , to reach the top of the rankings in 2004 , when she won the silver medal at the Athens Olympics , losing to Henin in the final . But her career came off the rails in 2007 , missing two months due to injury and finishing outside the top-10 for the first time in seven seasons . The following year was even worse as she ended it outside the top-20 . Mauresmo won 25 titles overall , and was a losing finalist 23 times .	Former world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo announces her retirement from tennis The 30-year-old holds an emotional press conference , saying she has lost motivation She was the first French player , male or female , to reach the top of the rankings But her career has been on a downward spiral since suffering injuries during 2007
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Reports of Jade Rabbit 's demise may have been premature . China 's first lunar rover had stopped functioning , state media reported Wednesday , but signs are emerging that Yutu , as it is known in Mandarin , may be up and running again . Following technical malfunctions Xinhua said that the lunar rover had lost communication with mission control but on Thursday the state news agency said that the rover was "  fully awake " and had returned to its normal signal-receiving status . "  Jade Rabbit has fully resurrected and is able to receive signals , but still suffers a mechanical control abnormality , " China 's lunar program spokesman Pei Zhaoyu told Xinhua . "  The rover entered hibernation while in an abnormal state . We were worried it would n't be able to make it through the extreme cold of the lunar night . But it came back alive . The rover stands a chance of being saved as it is still alive . " READ MORE : China 's moon landing Xinhua also posted a screenshot of the Chang ` e-3 Moon Probe 's Sina Weibo account , which , at 8.49 am Thursday morning local time , asked : "  Is anyone out there ? " The rover has over 300,000 followers on the Chinese Twitter-like social media site , some of whom celebrated the lucky robot 's resurrection . One Weibo user said that the rabbit was "  waking up for the -LSB- Chinese lantern -RSB- festival " which starts on Friday . Another took a cynical view , commenting that some countries would "  be disappointed " at China 's space program 's ability to come back from the dead . An amateur website dedicated to monitoring radio signals from space also reported on its Twitter account that it had detected "  pretty good signals " from the device . The lunar rover 's end seemed near when it signed off at the end of January with a poignant message : "  Goodnight humanity . " READ MORE : China 's moon rover launched successfully The device had been out of action for two weeks following a technical malfunction , and media around the world filed its obituary late on Wednesday after a short statement on Chinese state media alerted the world to its apparent terminal failings . "  China 's first lunar rover , Yutu , could not be restored to full function on Monday as expected , " the report stated . However , the robot has given its fans in China and around the world hope that it will resume its planned three-month mission and continue examining the moon 's surface for potential resources . The deputy chief designer of the Chang-e probe system told China National Radio the technical team is still trying to determine the source of problem and work on the plan for repair . Should Jade Rabbit make a full recovery , it would cap another success for space exploration , which has seen NASA 's Opportunity Mars rover , currently exploring the red planet , far outlast its expected lifespan . CNN 's Zhang Dayu and Wilfred Chan contributed to this report	China 's Chang ' e 3 moon rover , thought to be beyond saving , has resumed signal-receiving status ` Jade Rabbit ' prematurely pronounced inoperative Moon rover 's 300,000 weibo fans rejoice
There was no shortage of wind or electricity at Thursday night 's debate between Vice President Joe Biden and Rep. Paul Ryan , the Republican contender for that office . But federal support for wind power and electric cars was one of the early flashpoints between the two . "  Was it a good idea to spend taxpayer dollars on electric cars in Finland or windmills in China ? " Ryan asked Biden as he defended the Obama administration 's economic stimulus measures . "  Was it a good idea to borrow this money from China and spend it on these interest groups ? " Ryan was criticizing the support for wind energy in the stimulus bill and to an Energy Department loan to electric automaker Fisker . It 's not a new line of attack for the GOP or for Ryan 's running mate , Mitt Romney . Both have been controversial and closely examined . Fact Check : Ryan cites unlikely outcome under Obamacare The facts : The Department of Energy agreed to lend Fisker nearly $ 530 million in 2009 to build two electric cars , the Karma and Nina , later dubbed the Atlantic . The plug-in hybrid Karma is being assembled in Finland , while the Atlantic -- which has yet to go into production -- was to be built at a former General Motors plant in Delaware . Fisker drew $ 193 million of the loan before May 2011 , when it was cut off for failing to meet the Karma 's production milestones . All of that money went to engineering and design costs , the Energy Department says . Fisker said "  not a single dollar " was spent outside the United States . And while Ryan was attacking Biden over the Obama administration 's 2009 stimulus bill , the loan actually came from an advanced auto technology program passed in 2007 , before Obama took office . Meanwhile , administration efforts to promote the expansion of renewable energy , particularly solar and wind , have drawn fire from Republicans and some Democrats , such as New York Sen. Charles Schumer . Wind energy received about $ 9 billion in the stimulus bill , and Schumer complained to Energy Secretary Steven Chu in 2009 that a major project in Texas was being built with Chinese wind turbines . Industry analysts note that there were few U.S. firms in the business at the time . Of the top 10 turbine manufacturers in 2008 , only one -- General Electric -- was a U.S.-based company , according to a 2011 Congressional Research Service report . The rest were in Europe , India and China . Russ Choma , an investigative journalist who documented the role of overseas corporations in the federal energy programs in 2010 , said the plan was to start building equipment in the United States , and that has worked to some extent . "  The market needs the turbines from somewhere , so they had to go overseas with hopes that it would spur activity here , " he told CNN in July . Fact Check : Iran and the bomb The industry says generating capacity has doubled since 2008 , and the Lawrence-Berkeley National Laboratory in California says that 's created between 52,000 and 75,000 jobs . And while China 's wind industry has grown rapidly with the aid of government support , it has n't been a major player in the U.S. market . In 2010 , nearly 60 % of U.S. imports came from Denmark , the home of No. 1 turbine manufacturer Vestas ; China and other Asian countries "  accounted for very small shares of U.S. imports , the CRS found . Conclusion : Yes , the Fisker Karma is being built in Finland -- but the government 's support for Fisker was approved under a program signed by then-President George W. Bush , not through stimulus funds . And while international manufacturers did get a piece of American wind projects that were supported by the stimulus bill , that 's largely because American companies were n't among the big players . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks	Ryan : Obama spent tax dollars on electric cars in Finland Ryan criticizes support for wind energy in stimulus bill Energy issues were flashpoint during debate
EW  -- Is singer-writer and early punk inspiration Patti Smith a fan of Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson ? You bet . The iconic performer is steadily working with Oscar-nominated screenwriter John Logan on the script for a film adaptation of her 2010 bestselling memoir "  Just Kids , " about her relationship with photographer Robert Mapplethorpe when the two were starving young artists in New York City . On Wednesday , just before her small , private concert for Los Angeles radio station KCRW , Smith voiced her appreciation of the "  Twilight " stars to Entertainment Weekly , adding that she could see the pair playing her and Mapplethorpe on screen ... when they were lesser known . Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart together again ? "  I remember the very first time I saw Kristen Stewart and Rob Pattinson together , when they were younger , and I thought , ` Those two kids could have easily played us when they were first starting , " said Smith . "  There 's something in his eyes . And Robert -LSB- Mapplethorpe -RSB- was also a bit shy , and a bit stoic . Kristen has a very special quality . She 's not conventionally beautiful , but very charismatic . " Hear that Robsten ? Stewart , who 's already played rocker Joan Jett in 2010â $ ² s "  The Runaways , " better perk up those slender ears . Smith , a self-professed movies fan , also said that writing the screenplay was harder to do with her packed touring schedule behind her newest album , "  Banga , " but that anyone who snags the coveted roles of her and Mapplethorpe have to be unknown names .  OK , put those ears down , Robsten  . Music review : Patti Smith 's ` Banga ' "  John Logan and I are very close . We have our format . We 're both really busy right now . That 's the kind of thing that has to be done at the right time , and treated very tenderly , " Smith said . "  Robert and I were very young . We were 20 . We were unknowns , and I think it should be unknowns in the film , and young . " As for newer actresses she loves , besides Stewart ? "  I love Mia Wasikowska . I love the girl who plays ` Hannah ' -- Saoirse Ronan . She 's brilliant . The depth of that girl . There 's a lot of interesting actresses and actors for any project . It 's a subject I like to think about . It gives me great hope when I see new young artists in any field , " said Smith , grinning . "  People always ask me about my favorite new bands . I do n't really have any , but I have a lot of favorite new actresses . I love the movies . The first time I saw Tim Burton 's ` Alice In Wonderland , ' I must have cried an hour . I just sat in the movie theater . I saw Mia again in ` Jane Eyre , ' and she was wonderful in that . I just enjoy the movies . " See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Patti Smith is steadily working on the script for a film adaptation of her memoir "  Just Kids " She could see casting Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson when they were younger Smith 's also a fan of Mia Wasikowska and Saoirse Ronan But the actors who land the roles in "  Just Kids " will have to be unknown
CNN  -- One person died and six were injured when a cargo train derailed , causing an explosion and massive fire in Illinois , a fire chief said Saturday . A train carrying chemicals derailed and burned for hours , forcing the evacuation of about 600 homes Crews were still fighting the blaze at midday , but expected to have it fully contained in the afternoon , said Rockford Fire Chief Derek Bergsten . "  It 's under control and we 're taking every precaution not to harm firefighters or residents , " Bergsten said , adding that federal and state environmental officials were on scene monitoring air and soil samples . The fatality was a woman , said Winnebago County Coroner Sue Fiduccia . The cause of death had not been determined because Fiduccia was unable to get close enough to examine the body . Bergsten said six people were injured , and all train workers were accounted for . The train was carrying chemicals that burned for hours , forcing the evacuation of about 600 homes in the town about 50 miles  80 kilometers  northwest of Chicago , authorities said . Officers were called to the scene near Rockford about 8:30 p.m. Friday , a city police spokeswoman said . The derailment involved automobiles , but it was unclear whether they were on the tracks , she said . Three motorists who were stopped at a train crossing were burned , one severely , Bergsten said . One of the victims , who tried to run from the blaze , suffered second-degree burns on his hand while trying to shield his neck from flames , according to Bergsten . At least 14 cars of the 114-car train caught fire after the derailment , officials said . The rest of the Canadian National Railway train -- including 70 cars carrying ethanol , a colorless , highly flammable liquid -- was disconnected and moved away from the blaze , Bergsten said . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Woman dead after train derails , erupts into flames in Rockford , Illinois Several cars of the train were carrying ethanol , authorities say Explosion forced evacuation of nearly 600 homes
CNN  -- The growing push to restrict the collective bargaining rights of government employees has reached the far-flung state of Alaska . There , a Republican state lawmaker has introduced legislation that would strip many public employees of the right to collectively bargain for hours , benefits and working conditions . State employees could still collectively bargain for wages under the legislation . The bill exempts firefighters , police officers and emergency medical technicians , who , according to Title 40 of the Alaska Statutes , are prohibited from going on strike . The bill 's sponsor , state Representative Carl Gatto , R-Palmer , said his legislation mimics a measure that was passed by the Wisconsin Legislature earlier this month , signed into law and is now the subject of a lawsuit . "  It is the Wisconsin arrangement , " Gatto told CNN . Gatto said that his bill , like the Wisconsin measure , is aimed at curbing state costs . Similar bills to limit collective bargaining rights also are pending in Ohio and Indiana . Opponents of the bill give the measure little chance of passing this session . That 's because the 2011 session of the Alaska Legislature is roughly two-thirds over , they said . Also , opponents said , Alaska lawmakers have been focused on controversial legislation to roll back the state 's oil and gas tax on profits earned by petroleum companies in the state . Gatto said he does n't necessarily disagree that his bill probably wo n't pass this year . "  This is such a union state , " Gatto said . "  But if you just decide that it does n't have a chance that guarantees the public will never know about it . You have to build , build , build and ultimately if you do enough building , you 'll end up with a house . " House minority leader Beth Kerttula , D-Juneau , said Gatto 's bill "  would be a particularly onerous thing to drop on state employees . " Kerttula said public employees are still smarting from a 2005 overhaul of the state 's retirement , pension and health care system . Kerttula called the switch "  a disaster " in a state that has a difficult time retaining qualified teachers and police officers . "  I can not tell you how wrong she is , " Gatto said . "  We have teachers lined up to teach here because we pay a decent wage . " Gatto agreed with Kerttula that the bill would face tough sledding in the state Senate , where , unlike the GOP-controlled House , the balance of power between Republicans and Democrats is evenly divided . Kerttula , nevertheless , said the Democratic minority leadership is taking the bill seriously . Gatto said he thinks he can get his bill to the House floor for a vote and and that , if it gets that far , the measure could get passed out of the chamber . Because the 2011 session is the first year of a two-year session for the Alaska Legislature , the bill would not have to be reintroduced in 2012 . State Representative Berta Gardner , D-Anchorage , who is the House minority whip , wondered whether the proposed collective bargaining bill for Alaska public employees could spark as fierce an argument as Wisconsin 's , which prompted 14 Democrats to leave the state in an unsuccessful effort to kill that bill . "  If the Democrats flee here , " Gardner said , "  we 'll have to go to Canada . "	NEW : Alaska GOP lawmaker says his collective bargaining bill faces tough sledding The legislator said his bill mimics Wisconsin measure Opponents say there 's not enough time in the legislative session to pass the bill
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  -- New Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko says peace is possible if Russian President Vladimir Putin is in the right mood . "  Sometimes , the position of Mr. Putin is quite pragmatic , sometimes it is very emotional , " Poroshenko told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday in an exclusive interview , his first broadcast interview since taking over as Ukraine 's leader on June 7 . "  I just try to find out the time when he is more pragmatic than emotional . " He said negotiations with Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine would continue on Friday , the day his unilaterally declared cease-fire expires and the day that he also will sign a cooperation agreement with the European Union that sparked the crisis in his country . Escalating conflict ? The talks are intended to end fighting between the Moscow-backed separatists and Ukrainian military and militia forces that threatens to escalate into a broader conflict . "  I am optimistic and I 'm thinking that within a few weeks , maybe months , we can have a deal to establish peace , " Poroshenko said in the interview with Amanpour while he was in Brussels for EU talks that will include signing the cooperation agreement between Europe and the former Soviet satellite . With the signing occurring the same day Poroshenko 's seven-day cease-fire expires , concerns increased of further unrest in parts of eastern Ukraine and economic retaliation by Putin . Asked by Amanpour if he was the person who could forge a peace deal with Putin , Poroshenko said that was his goal . "  I 'm ready to make peace with anybody " "  I 'm ready to make a peace deal with anybody , " he said . "  I want to bring the peace to my country , not because we are weak , not because we are less patriotic than anybody . We are ready to defend my country because I hate the idea not to use the last opportunity to bring the peace to the region . " Russia and Ukraine have been engaged in a tense standoff since March when Russia annexed the previously Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea and massed troops along other parts of its border with Ukraine . In an effort to calm the situation , Poroshenko declared a cease-fire last week in Kiev 's fight against pro-Russia separatists , but the violence continued . On Thursday , a Ukrainian national guard base came under attack in Donetsk , Anti-Terrorist Operation unit spokesman Vladislav Seleznyov said . Ukrainian troops were able to repel the attack but were bracing for another assault , according to Seleznyov . Two days earlier , Ukrainian authorities said pro-Russia militants shot down a military helicopter in eastern Ukraine , killing nine . Poroshenko told Amanpour that Friday 's negotiations , which will include European officials , must show some progress before his unilateral cease-fire expires at the end of the day . He seeks a commitment to negotiations , the release of hostages , a cease-fire and the withdrawal of Russian-backed forces from Ukraine . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which operates a special monitoring mission in eastern Ukraine , said Thursday that four members of a Donetsk-based team of OSCE monitors apparently held by separatists had been released . Without Russian withdrawal , "  it is a real war " "  All the troops on Ukrainian territory are Russian , they are Russian citizens , " he said , adding that separatist leaders were from the Russian secret service . "  If that continues , it is a real war . " Asked what would happen without a sufficient response from the other side , Poroshenko only said he would make that decision Friday . On Wednesday , Russia 's upper house of parliament voted , at Putin 's request , to revoke the President 's right to use troops in Ukraine . The move appeared to be an effort by Putin to defuse tension before Friday 's watershed Ukraine-EU moment , which Putin opposes . Poroshenko called signing the agreement with the EU the second-most important moment in his nation 's history , ranking only behind independence . "  Geographically we are already in Europe , " he said , adding that Ukraine connected with European values . Asked whether he was worried about a negative economic reaction on Putin 's part , Poroshenko said the Russian President recently promised not to undertake such steps . "  He promised that we will have a negotiation in a trilateral format , together with a European Union representative , so we do not expect any immediate negative reaction , " Poroshenko said . At the same time , he made clear that in his mind , the Russian annexation of Crimea -- which has an ethnic Russian majority -- can not stand . "  Crimea is Ukrainian " Calling the issue a top priority , Poroshenko declared : "  Crimea is Ukrainian and the whole world confirmed that Crimea is Ukrainian . " Peace talks involving representatives from all sides occurred Wednesday in the Ukrainian city of Donetsk , Ukraine 's official Ukrinform news agency said . Those participating included Ukrainian government officials , pro-Russia separatists from the restive eastern Luhansk and Donetsk regions , Russian officials and members of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . Meanwhile , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States and Europe plan on possible further sanctions aimed at specific sectors of Russia 's economy , depending on what choices Moscow makes ahead . "  It is critical for Russia to show in the next hours , literally , that they are moving to help disarm the separatists , to encourage them to disarm , to call on them to lay down their weapons and begin to become part of a legitimate political process , " Kerry said Thursday after meeting with French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius . CNN 's Mick Krever reported from Brussels for this report , which Tom Cohen wrote in Atlanta .	CNN EXCLUSIVE : Christiane Amanpour interviews Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko Poroshenko says a peace deal can come within months or even weeks Russian President Vladimir Putin can be pragmatic or emotional , Poroshenko says Ukraine will sign a cooperation agreement with the European Union on Friday
CNN  -- Zoe Smith 's petite frame should fool nobody -- she 's a weightlifting warrior . If the 19-year-old is n't employing her immense physical strength to lift more than 120 kilograms -- easily double her own weight -- she 's smiting Twitter trolls who are foolish enough to take her on . "  I suppose there is the stereotype that women who lift weights are butch , " she told CNN 's Human to Hero series about the online attacks she has faced . "  Or my favorite one is lesbians , which is a ridiculous kind of thing to say because I do n't understand how lifting weights could make you a lesbian . But anyway , it 's not me who thinks these things . " Smith may stand at just five foot three inches tall but tenacity courses through her veins , evident by a debut performance at the London Olympics that cemented her status as Great Britain 's preeminent weightlifter . She equated the noise that greeted her British record lift of 121 kg in the 58 kg category to the tumult that was lavished upon one of her favorite bands , Muse , at one of their Wembley Stadium gigs . And though that cacophony saluted her strength , mental fortitude has been just as valuable in her battle to convince people that lifting weights was her destiny -- even her mum and dad . "  At first everybody was like ` What are you doing ? ' when I told them I had started weightlifting , even my parents actually , " she said . "  It was n't the fact that they thought it was like a ` boy 's sport , ' it was the fact they were paying for me to do gymnastics and I was spending all my time in the weights gym ! So they were n't best pleased . But then I think my dad came in first and saw me lifting . "  I think I was only doing high pulls , so from the floor to about  shoulder height  on about 60 kilos and just being curious about it I think my dad picked it up when no-one was looking and his face went white as a sheet . "  He was n't quite himself the whole way home and I overheard him say to my Mum , ` I 've just seen what she 's lifting ! ' " If her dad was shocked then , he 'll surely be flabbergasted by now . Smith has gone to conquer a multitude of British records since taking up the sport , in her two chosen disciplines : the snatch and the clean and jerk . In 2010 , at 16 , she became the first Englishwoman to win a medal at the Commonwealth Games , taking home the bronze , and added silver at the World Youth Games the following year before hitting the big stage at London 2012 . Her experience in India for the Commonwealths gives an indication of the dedication her sport requires . "  I think I had , in the past couple of days prior to that , just an egg and a glass of water -- this is the extreme measures we have to go to in order to cut weight for our category , " she said . "  It was boiling hot and I felt I was going to die . But had I been on form I probably could have won . Bronze was n't bad , I 'm hoping to go back next year  in Glasgow , Scotland  and get the gold . " Smith had always set her heart on appearing in the Olympics , but by the time she was 12 , she 'd grown to realize it would n't be in the field of gymnastics -- her first love . Her coach planted a seed that she might have a far better chance of making it to the Olympics if she swapped the high bars for the dumbbells . And despite the switch perplexing her family and friends at first , the idea stuck . "  I was powerful but not very graceful so I would never have made it as a gymnast , " Smith said . "  I was always good at tumbling and stuff but I could never get to grips with beam bars -- I was terrified of stuff like that . "  They needed a girl for the weightlifting club to take part in a competition to make up a full team so I gave it a go and I took to it quite quickly . " Junior British records had been tumbling throughout her teens but it was the limelight of London 2012 that thrust her into the public consciousness . Though not yet 20 , Smith radiates the twin characteristics that delight British sports fans -- a mixture of bulldog and underdog . Tenacious , driven , plucky and resilient , her makeup formed a potent cocktail that legions of followers in in the UK found irresistible . But as is often the case with high-profile sporting stars , her achievements at the Games drew sniping in some quarters on social media sites . If they had n't realized while watching her delight the partisan home crowd , the trolls soon found out that Smith is not one to take a backwards step . "  Doing a sport like this I think you 're going to get a bit of stick but I 'm quite good at handling that kind of thing , " she said . "  I 'm really competitive and I like to win arguments . I never let things slide so I just have to take them up on it and say ` Well , why am I a lesbian ? Why am I butch ? ' All this kind of stuff . "  They never have a real answer for it so until someone proves that it 's going to change me or the way I am , I am going to keep doing it . " Respected and admired for her display at the Games , finishing 12th in the overall competition , she was also lauded for the head-on way she tackled her detractors . And her profile was such that many people have been in touch to ask how they can get into the sport . So how does she look back on the experience of competing in her hometown Olympics ? "  It was crazy , " she said . "  I still ca n't really put into words how I feel about it . Again I think I was really nervous , I did n't have the best competition . "  I got the British record in clean and jerk which was good . And I just really enjoyed competing in front of a home crowd . "  It was terrifying and nerve-racking ; I think I experienced every emotion available to mankind . It was a once in a lifetime experience and I would do it all again if I could . " That is a distinct possibility if her progress continues to climb . And Smith says she 'll be better prepared to deal with the size of the occasion when thrust into the cauldron of Olympic competition again . "  In the future I think I 'm going to have to use that as a learning curve , " she adds . "  Take what I did wrong from that experience , maybe be better prepared , and do n't put myself through hell a couple of days before . "  I 've got the experience of competing on a major stage under my belt now ; I ca n't really use nerves as an excuse anymore . "  I 've been there and done it , it 's not going to be such a fear of the unknown . It 'll be , ` I 've been here before , I know what I 'm doing , I know what to do . ' "	British weightlifter Zoe Smith fulfilled a dream by competing in London Olympics The 19-year-old broke a British record in the clean and jerk during the Games She has fought stereotypes of weightlifters who are called "  butch " or "  lesbians " Smith says the noise that greeted her display in London was similar to a rock concert
CNN  -- Five Indian soldiers were killed in an attack on the Line of Control in Indian-administered Kashmir early Tuesday , India 's government said . Indian Defence Minister AK Antony told parliament the ambush was carried out by approximately 20 "  heavily armed terrorists along with persons dressed in Pakistan army uniforms . " The chief minister of Indian-administered Kashmir denounced the attack on Twitter . "  These incidents do n't help efforts to normalise or even improve relations with Pak & call in to question the Pak Govt 's recent overtures , " Omar Abdullah tweeted Tuesday morning . Pakistan denied playing a part in the attack . "  No such incident has taken place , " the military said , while Pakistan 's ministry of foreign affairs also rejected the claim . "  These are baseless and unfounded allegations . Our military authorities have confirmed that there had been no exchange of fire that could have resulted in such an incident , " a statement from the ministry said . The incident could cast a shadow on the resumption of India-Pakistan talks when the prime ministers of the two countries meet in New York for the U.N. General Assembly in September . The two South Asian neighbors have had a cease-fire along the de facto border , known as the Line of Control , since November 2003 . But it has been violated repeatedly , with both sides accusing the other of offenses . Tuesday 's ambush came close on the heels of the Indian army 's operations against militants infiltrating into the Indian side of Kashmir , resulting in the deaths of 13 militants last week . One Indian army soldier was also killed in one of the gunfights in north Kashmir 's frontier Kupwara district , according to the defense spokesman . "  This action is a likely consequence of frustrations of the terrorists ' tanzeeems  outfits  and Pak army due to successful elimination of 19 hardcore terrorists in the recent months of July and August along the Line of Control and in the hinterland of Jammu and Kashmir , " the defense ministry statement said . India 's defense ministry said Tuesday that it has recorded 33 ceasefire violations by the Pakistanis between February and July -- resulting in one death and three injuries . The conflict over Kashmir dates back to 1947 , after Britain relinquished control of the Indian subcontinent , giving birth to modern India and Pakistan . Kashmir was free to accede to either nation . Maharaja Hari Singh , the ruler of the kingdom at the time , initially chose to remain independent but eventually opted to join India , thereby handing key powers to the central government in New Delhi . In exchange , India guaranteed him military protection and vowed to hold a popular vote on the issue . The South Asian rivals have fought two full-scale wars over the territorial issue . Islamabad has always said that majority-Muslim Kashmir should have been a part of Pakistan . A United Nations resolution adopted after the first war called for a referendum allowing the people of Kashmir to choose which country they wanted to join , but that vote for self-determination has never been held . Pakistan wants that referendum to take place . India says that Pakistan lends support to separatist groups fighting against government control and argues that a 1972 agreement mandates a resolution to the Kashmir dispute through bilateral talks . CNN 's Neha Sharma reported from New Delhi , with Mukhtar Ahmad reporting from Srinagar . CNN 's Shaista Aziz in Islamabad , Pakistan ; and Aliza Kassim in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Indian official : Terrorists , people in Pakistan army uniforms carried out ambush Pakistan denies playing a part in the attack The two neighbors have had a cease-fire along the de facto border India says Pakistan has violated that 33 times between February and July
CNN  -- Eight months after the release of a landmark U.N. Commission of Inquiry report on human rights in North Korea , the United Nations is finally deliberating how to address what were described as Pyongyang 's crimes against humanity . Commendably , the European Union is taking a leading role in drafting a resolution to respond to those crimes . At the same time , the Commission of Inquiry 's report also tells us that European nations , both EU and non-EU , have continued to sell the Kim Jong Un regime luxury goods in violation of several U.N. Security Council resolutions . By doing so , Europe has effectively contributed , and still contributes , to North Korea 's heinous treatment of its population . The Commission of Inquiry -- citing reports that a famine that ravaged North Korea in the mid - to late-1990s killed between 450,000 and 2 million North Koreans -- leaves little question about the culpability for this tragedy . Every one of those deaths was needless . What Kim Jong Il , the current leader 's father , spent during the famine years -- on weapons , luxury goods and a mausoleum for Kim Il Sung , the nation 's founder and the current leader 's grandfather -- could have fed every last one of the victims . The fact that a disproportionate number of those sacrificed came from the lower levels of North Korea 's political caste system adds a sinister layer to this horrific man-made disaster , in a fraternal nod to the Khmer Rouge 's malevolent axiom , "  To keep you is no benefit , to destroy you is no loss . " What may be less known is the way European states have abetted this tale of vast human misery . In 2006 , too late to save the victims of the famine , a unanimous U.N. Security Council resolution banned Pyongyang from importing "  luxury goods . " The Security Council has since reaffirmed that sanction , and the EU has duly enacted it into regulation . Yet many European states , both EU member states and nonmembers , have enforced it poorly in practice , permitting what amounts to a "  do n't ask , do n't tell " trade in luxury goods for the benefit of Pyongyang 's elites . The practical effect of this "  open-minded " business practice is to empower Kim 's cronies as they purchase banned European luxury goods for the elite who help Kim cling to power through repression . In some cases , North Korea purchased its European luxuries through intermediaries , but in many other cases , it bought them directly from European suppliers . For the duration of the famine , Swiss manufacturers reportedly sold Kim Jong Il millions of dollars ' worth of watches each year . Meanwhile , according to Kim Jong Il 's former sushi chef , Kim 's personal shoppers flew to Denmark for pork and to the Czech Republic for beer , and Kim Jong Il was able to purchase luxury cars and cognac from European suppliers . In 2010 , according to Radio Free Asia , Kim Jong Il distributed 160 Mercedes-Benz sedans to his cronies . According to statistics released by a South Korean lawmaker , Pyongyang 's luxury goods expenditures have tripled since Kim Jong Un 's succession in 2011 , to several times what the regime spent on importing food for the hungry . Dennis Rodman , the former NBA star who has visited North Korea several times , described Kim 's private island and a 200-foot yacht that is a "  cross between a ferry and a Disney boat . " He reportedly added that Kim only served the finest liquor , just as a U.N. survey found that 84 % of North Korean households have poor or "  borderline " food consumption . And last year , a reporter for The Telegraph identified "  Canadian snowmobiles , Swedish snow-blowers and Italian and German snow ploughs " in photographs of Kim 's new ski resort . Swiss authorities refused to allow the sale of ski lifts for the resort , a decision Pyongyang denounced as a "  serious human rights abuse . " Too often , advocates of "  engagement " with North Korea have overlooked such ethical questions about what this trade has done to its people . In fact , the legacy of the last two decades of engagement with Pyongyang increasingly resembles state capitalism -- the rich and powerful have grown richer , while denying the silent , expendable majority the means to survive by cracking down on smuggling , markets , and private agriculture . According to the United Nations , North Korea -- an industrialized , urbanized , literate society -- has one of the 10 worst cases of food insecurity in the world today , along with predominantly agrarian states in sub-Saharan Africa where illiteracy hovers around 50 % . This state of affairs is not the consequence of lack of resources , but of Pyongyang 's deliberate choices . As commendable as the EU 's leadership at the U.N. may be , it does not absolve European nations of their legal duty to improve their own enforcement of U.N. sanctions -- or their moral duty to force Kim Jong Un to make better decisions about how he spends North Korea 's wealth . UN Watch , a Swiss group that monitors the U.N. , recently published a call by 20 North Korean defectors , including survivors of North Korea 's gulags , for the Swiss government to freeze Kim regime bank accounts . Switzerland should listen to them , and European governments should gradually make those funds available for the purchase of food , provided that Pyongyang permits reliable monitoring of its delivery to those in need . Finally , Europe 's SWIFT network , a key processor of financial transactions that recently stopped processing transactions for sanctioned Iranian banks , should also stop processing payments for U.N.-sanctioned North Korean banks . For once , the civilized world should demand that the North Korean state 's wealth be used to feed its enslaved and hungry people instead of its privileged and well-nourished elites .	U.N. report on North Korea in February noted crimes against humanity European countries must do more to enforce sanctions , authors say Luxury goods expenditures tripled since Kim Jong Un 's succession , they say
CNN  -- As Chicago prepares to host all-out golfing war in the form of the Ryder Cup , there is more reason than you might think to remember the city 's most infamous son . "  Scarface " Al Capone was not a man to be in competition with . The murderous mob boss ruled Chicago to the rattling sound of heavy machine-gun fire in the 1920s and took out anybody -- make that pretty much everybody - who stood in his way . But it was not all bootlegging and brutality for the life of Capone . Photos : American gangsters Away from the bloody battles of prohibition-era America , it turns out he loved nothing more than a good walk spoiled and target practice of a very different kind . As unlikely as it seems , the gangster was a golf nut . "  Al Capone was an avid golfer , " John Binder , academic and author of The Chicago Outfit : Images of America , told CNN . "  Some of the guys around him were , too . "  The hoods loved sports . Capone and a few others managed some fighters , and they went to baseball games together a lot , too . " Capone liked golf , but that is not to say he was very good at it . "  At first , he seldom broke 60 for nine holes ; he eventually elevated to 18 holes though there is no evidence he was anything but a hacker on the golf course , " wrote Luciano Iorrizo in Al Capone : The Biography . Iorrizo continued : "  His rounds were devoted to having fun with his gangster friends who drank plenty each hole , gambled recklessly on the stroke of a ball and carried loaded weapons in their golf bags for use in emergences . " Ryder Cup revolutionaries : Seve and Ollie During his 1920s heyday , Capone was a regular at Burnham Woods golf course - a facility 20 miles south of Chicago that is still in operation today , though Capone 's memory has long since been erased . It was there he hosted regular games with his associates and acquired the services of a wide-eyed , eight-year-old caddie named Tim Sullivan . In a 1972 article for Sports Illustrated , Sullivan recalled his first round on the bag for Capone . The stakes were $ 500 a hole and Capone was partnered with "  Machine Gun " Jack McGurn in a foursomes match against Fred "  The Killer " Burke and Jake "  Greasy Thumb " Guzik . McGurn and Burke were both implicated in the 1929 St. Valentine 's Day Massacre -- the gangland hit on his mob rivals that made Capone a household name . Neither faced charges , but McGurn -- a talented golfer -- was assassinated almost exactly seven years later in a suspected revenge attack . Burke was convicted of the murder of a policeman in 1931 and died of a heart attack in prison . Guzik was the Chicago mob 's lawyer of choice . You might call them the original ` group of death ' . And there were we thinking Europe 's Rory McIlroy and Graeme McDowell were a frightening pairing to come up against . "  Capone teed off first , " said Sullivan . "  He fetched the ball a whack that would have sent it clear down the fairway , only he hooked it and it curved way off to the left into a clump of trees . "  I scrambled around on all fours for about 10 minutes trying to find it , scared to death Al would lose his temper and hit me or maybe shoot me , but all he did was grin , pat me on the head and call me Kid . ` It 's O.K. , Kid , So we lose a stroke , that 's all . Just gim me another ball . ' And I thought : ` He ca n't be as mean and rough as he 's cracked up to be . ' " Sullivan paints a picture of wild , booze-fuelled matches where cheats prospered and arguments frequently spilled over into violence . There was the time Capone accidentally shot himself in the foot by setting off a revolver in his golf bag as he rummaged for a club . And the time Guzik , maddened by his inability to escape a bunker , ran after Sullivan wielding his driver and ready to use it . This was golf the way gangsters play it , with etiquette very much afterthought . "  There was a crazy game called Blind Robin , " Sullivan wrote . "  One guy would stretch out flat on his back , shut his eyes tight , and let the others tee off from his chin . They used a putter and swung slow and careful . Otherwise they would have smashed the guy 's face . On the putting greens they 'd throw down their pistol holders -- clunk - and hold a wrestling match . " Taking the first tee on day one of the Ryder Cup suddenly does not seem such a nerve-wracking proposition after all . Phil Mickelson wo n't be armed and we wo n't see Sergio Garcia swigging whisky and ready to beat his caddie over the head with a hybrid  at least we hope not  . There will be bodyguards , though , especially surrounding Tiger Woods . McIlroy to hunt down Woods at Medinah ? But to disregard Capone 's golfing exploits as drunken folly is to do his infatuation with the sport a disservice . According to a new book written by the mobster 's niece , Deirdre Marie Capone , her uncle was so hooked he escaped under a false name and made a golf pilgrimage to Scotland during the height of his reign -- traveling with a caddy who doubled as his bodyguard and buying a handmade set of clubs , which he had engraved with his initials . "  He was in love with the game and with Scotland , " Mrs. Capone told the Daily Express newspaper . " I remember seeing his bag of clubs in the house in Miami . He told me they 'd been made for him in Scotland . " Capone , with his crime syndicate bringing in an estimated $ 100 million a year at the peak of its operation , had no problems funding his habit According to Billy Kay , author of The Scottish World : A Journey Into The Scottish Diaspora , Capone 's Chicago outfit saw golf as yet another avenue for making money . Most people paid to play , but -- as with everything with Capone -- golf found a way of paying him . "  Every city had gangsters but the country clubs were built and financed by the social elite and gangsters were not allowed near , " Kay told the Daily Record in 2009 . "  But Chicago was a unique set-up . Al Capone and his gang ran the golf clubs in Chicago . There , mobsters like Capone , drew protection money from the country clubs and they had access to the golf courses . " Binder has yet to find evidence Capone used golf to make money . He does accept , though , that criminal activity was likely in the planning on the fairways . "  Golf was a pastime for them  the Chicago outfit  , " he told CNN . "  It was n't until the 1950s and 60s that the mob in Chicago started controlling golf clubs . But if they 're on the course and nobody 's around , they 're talking business . Many normal people in the business world use golf that way . " The one thing Capone could not control was his game . He died in 1947 , aged 48 , and having never mastered how to hit a straight drive or sink a putt . There is just not a racket to get you from tee to green , it seems , which goes to show there really are some things in life that money can not buy . If he was still with us there is no doubt Capone would have scored VIP Ryder Cup passes for his golfing buddies . Watching on with cigars in mouth , hipflasks in hand and guns at the ready , the Chicago outfit would have been in their element at Medinah Country Club . They would , quite literally , have owned the place .	Infamous gangster Al Capone and his associates were keen golfers Capone oncet eed off by hitting the ball off the chin of an associate Capone traveled under a false name to play golf in Scotland He died at the age of 48 from cardiac arrest
CNN  -- A U.S. federal grand jury on Wednesday indicted Joran van der Sloot on charges of wire fraud and extortion in connection with a plot to sell information about the whereabouts of Natalee Holloway 's remains in exchange for $ 250,000 , officials said . An arrest warrant on these same charges had been issued for van der Sloot earlier this month . The charges are unrelated to the killing of a student in Peru in which van der Sloot is the suspect . He is in Peruvian jail . Wednesday 's indictment alleges that van der Sloot exploited "  Beth Holloway 's fear that she would never find her daughter 's body or know what happened to her unless she paid him $ 250,000 , " the Alabama U.S. Attorney 's office said . The Dutchman is accused of making false promises that he would reveal the location of Natalee Holloway 's body if the money was transferred to him . According to the indictment , Beth Holloway wired $ 15,000 to a bank account van der Sloot held in the Netherlands , and through an attorney gave him an additional $ 10,000 in person . Once he had the initial $ 25,000 , van der Sloot showed the attorney , John Kelly , where Natalee Holloway 's remains allegedly were hidden . It turned out to be false information , the indictment states . The indictment seeks for van der Sloot to forfeit $ 25,100 , which includes $ 100 Beth Holloway initially transferred to van der Sloot to confirm his account . "  I want to applaud the FBI 's work on this case , " U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance said . "  Because of the agents ' dedicated efforts , we are able to bring charges against someone who sought profit in a mother 's grief . " In Peru , van der Sloot 's attorney on Wednesday filed an appeal to a ruling that upheld the admissibility of his confession and the legality of his detention in the death of Stephany Flores , 21 . One month after his daughter 's killing , Peruvian businessman Ricardo Flores met with a judge Wednesday to give a formal statement about the facts surrounding the case , family members told CNN . Ricardo Flores helped search for Stephany Flores when she did n't come home on May 30 after a night out at a casino . Her body was later found in a hotel room in Lima , Peru , registered to Joran van der Sloot . He 's been charged with first-degree murder and robbery in the case . Ricardo Flores ' meeting with the judge was his first . Van der Sloot refused an opportunity earlier this month to give the judge a statement . Flores met with Judge Carlos Morales Cordova in Lima . As the presiding judge , Morales has the duty to be the chief fact-finder , legal experts told CNN . Morales is getting statements from other potential witnesses , as well . Van der Sloot , 22 , is trying to slow down the legal process by appealing his incarceration and trying to nullify a confession he gave . One judge already denied his claim , but van der Sloot 's attorney said his client will fight all the way to the Peruvian Supreme Court and international courts , if necessary . Wednesday 's appeal was the first step . The Flores family will hold a memorial service Wednesday night in Lima to mark the one month anniversary of Stephany Flores ' killing . Stephany Flores was an intelligent woman with tremendous ambition for success in business , friends of hers told CNN . She once wrote a list of 23 businesses that she wanted to do well in , and then checked them off one by one as she decided whether she was really interested in pursuing them . She came from a privileged family , but was a humble person who was extremely giving , her friends said . At the time of her death , Stephany Flores had told her friends that she was the happiest that she had ever been in her life , they said . Van der Sloot , a Dutch citizen , was twice arrested in connection with the disappearance of Alabama teen Natalee Holloway in Aruba in 2005 , but he has not been charged in that case . Police said van der Sloot admitted that he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail in his computer connected with the Holloway case . After killing Flores , police say , van der Sloot took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested on June 3 . He was returned the next day to Peru . Van der Sloot is being held at the Miguel Castro Castro Prison , in a high-security area where only two of the 10 cells are occupied and he has no contact with the general prison population . In Session 's Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	Van der Sloot indicted on charges of wire fraud , extortion Ricardo Flores , slaying victim 's father , meets with judge Joran van der Sloot files appeal to ruling upholding legality of his confession , detention Judge is collecting statements from several potential witnesses
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal insists he is fully prepared for a punishing schedule leading up to the defense of his French Open title at Roland Garos in a month 's time . The Spaniard had little time to celebrate his record-breaking victory over David Ferrer in the Monte Carlo Masters on Sunday , before flying home to participate in the Barcelona Open . Fresh from his landmark seventh successive Monaco title , Nadal has two more tournaments in the diary after Barcelona before he aims to claim a sixth title in Paris . But despite his history of injuries , the 24-year-old claims he is fit and ready for a bruising lead-in to the second major tennis championship of the year . "  During the match I was more tired than usual . But in general it was positive , " he told the official ATP Tour web site . "  That 's important because these kinds of matches improve your condition physically and mentally . "  It 's negative because you spent a lot of time on court , you have to run a lot on court , it 's always tough for the body . But if you talk about -LSB- what it does -RSB- mentally and physically , that can help a lot for the rest of the clay season . " Nadal has played 17 matches in the last four weeks but is due to appear at masters events in Rome and Madrid after defending his Barcelona title . The 24-year-old has a formidable record at the event he has won five times , tasting defeat just once in 25 matches , and says this is a vital period in shaping his season . "  That 's the calendar . That 's where I have to play my best , where I have to defend a lot of points , " Nadal said . "  Indian Wells to Wimbledon is the most -LSB- important -RSB- part of the season for me . These four or five months are decisive in my season . "  Every year I did a fantastic clay court season . I have to try to do it another time . With these four or five tournaments , if I am playing very well , I 'm going to have the biggest chances to have enough points to try to be in the top position at the end of the year ranking . "  That 's the top of my system in general . So I have to try . I am healthy now , so why not ? " Despite his victory in Monte Carlo , Nadal says there are areas of his game he needs to work on -- something he is aiming to do when he faces the winner of the first round clash between Daniel Gimeno-Traver and Potito Starace . "  I think I can improve a few things for next weeks , " Nadal said . "  I am sliding less than usual on clay . It is easier to defend well when you are sliding , especially to the forehand . But I have two more days to practice for Barcelona . Let 's see . "	Rafael Nadal unconcerned by busy schedule leading up to the French Open Nadal won the Monte Carlo Masters for the seventh time on Sunday He flew straight to his native Spain to participate in the Barcelona Open The world number one says there are still areas of his game that can be improved
The sun is not yet up over the desert , but already 50 horses and riders are gathered at Qatar 's Endurance Village in Al-Wakra , half an hour 's drive from the capital Doha . They are gathered to compete in a 120-kilometer  74.5-mile  endurance race , the likes of which are held here most weeks . Masked riders gaze steely-eyed into the desert as their horses crest their necks and paw the ground , eager to get the race under way . The starter counts down in Arabic , and the horses and riders surge over the starting line , galloping into the pitch-black desert with their high-held tails streaming behind them . Hot on their heels a fleet of Land Cruisers hares after them across the sand , the glare of their headlights creating a moving oasis of light . These are the support vehicles from which the owners , trainers and managers can observe the race in progress and shout instructions . Today , the horses will complete laps of a 30 km  18.6 miles  course , stopping for checks at the end of each lap . Any horse deemed unfit to continue the race will be eliminated at each check point . They will travel at speeds of up to 40 km per hour  25 mph  for around eight hours . Of the 50 who started the race , fewer than a quarter will complete it . Most of the horses are pure-breed Arabians who are revered in Islamic culture , prized for their beauty , intelligence and , above all , their endurance . It was the Arabian horse that formed the genetic blueprint for the modern racehorse , with every modern thoroughbred tracing its DNA to just three "  original " oriental stallions imported to the UK in the 18th century . Some say the Arabian horse was a gift to mankind from Allah . The ancient breed is supremely well-adapted to the unforgiving desert terrain of the Middle East . Many of these animals are ex-racehorses , gradually trained and brought up to fitness to compete in endurance races . Although the sport is ancient in its origins , today 's races are as professional as they are competitive , with horses conditioned to the peak of fitness and subject to rigorous veterinary inspections both during and after the race . At each stage 's completion , the horses are doused with water and their heart rates measured . A team of veterinarians inspects each horse thoroughly before it is allowed to continue the race . The number of competitors is gradually whittled down until only the very fittest are left to contest the final laps . Endurance is taken seriously in this part of the world : many of the horses are owned by members of the Qatari and Dubai Royal families . One such owner is Sheikh Maktoum , ruler of Dubai . His son Sheikh Rashid is a champion endurance rider in his own right who is competing here today . "  I 've been riding since I was 11 years old and doing endurance since 2006 , " he said during an inspection . "  Some people in my family are more into flat racing  his father owns one of the most important thoroughbred racing operations in the world  , some are more into endurance racing . I actually started with polo but then I was attracted by endurance and I loved it . Hopefully I will be doing it for the rest of my life . " Unfortunately for Sheikh Rashid , he and his striking grey horse are eliminated after the penultimate lap . But is it one of his compatriots from Dubai who claims first place in a sprint finish with another rider . They are among only a handful of riders to complete the grueling course . The enduring appeal of such a sport is easy to understand ; physically and strategically demanding , it is also an expression of the extreme respect with which horses -- particularly Arabian ones -- are treated in this part of the world . Muslims were told that if they treated these precious horses with love and respect , they would be handsomely rewarded , both in their earthly life and beyond . While the winning rider accepts this congratulations from the crowd , his horse -- a magnificent chestnut with the dish-shaped face and high tail carriage characteristic of the breed -- is handed to a team of grooms to be looked after . With a last look back over his shoulder as he is led away , the horse flares his nostrils and whinnies , a final call to the desert from whence he came .	The ancient tradition of desert racing continues in the United Arab Emirates The 50 horses and riders set off , completing laps of the 30-kilometer course The horses are given thorough medical checks after each lap to ensure they are healthy Only a handful of the horses competing make it to the finish line in Qatar
CNN  A man who Tennessee authorities tried to have indicted in connection with the kidnapping and killing of a nursing student has committed suicide , his attorney told CNN on Tuesday . The investigation into the killing of Holly Bobo has not been smooth . The suicide of Shayne Austin is the latest twist . Bobo , a 20-year-old nursing student , disappeared in April 2011 . Her remains were not found until last September , in Decatur County . Shayne Austin was never indicted , but was in prosecutors ' sights and was threatened with possible charges . Two other men -- Jason Wayne Autry and Zachary Adams -- are charged with especially aggravated kidnapping and first-degree murder in Bobo 's killing . Both have pleaded not guilty . Austin 's role in the case , according to attorney Luke Evans , was to cooperate with authorities in exchange for immunity from prosecution . Days after Austin was granted immunity in March 2014 , the state tried to void the deal and tried at least twice to indict Austin , his attorney said . As a result , Evans filed a civil breach of contract suit against the state , asking the court to enforce the immunity deal as well as a restraining order to prevent the state from further attempts at indictment . That case is pending in circuit court , Evans said . The state said it revoked the immunity agreement because Austin was not being truthful or fully cooperative , CNN affiliate WSMV reported . Evans told the affiliate that his client always maintained that he had nothing to do with Bobo 's death . Bobo 's brother told authorities he saw a man in camouflage leading Bobo away from their home in Darden in April 2011 . Volunteers from at least five counties searched for the student , and donors raised more than $ 450,000 in reward money to help find whoever was responsible . Investigators ruled out early reports that Bobo had been dragged away from her home , but they did n't believe she left of her own free will , either . "  We feel she was in fear of her life so she was compliant with his demands , " a Tennessee Bureau of Investigations  TBI  special agent said at the time . Bobo was on her way to school when she disappeared . Suspects Autry and Adams were indicted in March 2014 . Information from "  several witnesses " led to charges against them , the head of the TBI said then . Investigators "  believe there are more people with information and possible involvement , " the TBI said . Months later , in December , the TBI announced that it was withdrawing from the investigation . In a statement , the agency said that the district attorney accused the TBI of misconduct , along with other law enforcement agencies . At the district attorney 's request , the TBI stopped its investigation . But shortly afterward , the TBI resumed its work on the Bobo case after the district attorney took himself off the case and appointed a special prosecutor to handle it , according to The Jackson Sun . CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Shayne Austin was granted immunity in the death investigation of Holly Bobo Attorney : The prosecution tried to revoke the immunity deal and indict Austin
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Kim Jong Un issued his first military orders as leader of North Korea just before the death of his father was announced , a South Korean state-run news agency said Wednesday . Citing "  a South Korean source , " Yonhap reported that Kim "  ordered all military units to halt field exercises and training and return to their bases . " The source called it a sign that Kim Jong Il 's son , believed to be in his late 20s , had taken "  complete control over the military , " Yonhap reported . An intelligence official said North Korea may be trying to prevent attempted defections as the country goes through a tumultuous transition , the report said . In Seoul , questions have been raised over why South Korean intelligence was apparently unaware of Kim Jong Il 's death until the official announcement . Both Won Sei Hoon , who heads South Korea 's National Intelligence Service , and Defense Minister Kim Kwan Jim "  came under fire " after admitting they learned of the death from TV news coverage , Yonhap reported . Just over the border in Dandong , China , CNN spoke with a defector who was scared of North Korean spies watching him . "  North Koreans do n't speak openly , " the man said . "  If anyone knows I 'm talking , I would be sent to prison and there 's no mercy there . I would be shot dead . " He painted a grim picture of life in North Korea , where he said people are starving , aid is scarce , and the only operating factories serve the military . "  Pig feed , that 's all we can eat , " he says , adding , "  There is no food , not even food from China . It 's been blocked for three years . " His son and daughter remain inside North Korea . He crosses back and forth every six months to keep his family alive . He told CNN he fears a desperate country with a potential power vacuum that could lash out . Before Kim Jong Il died , "  he was preparing the country for war and death , and to hand power to Kim Jong Un , " the man said . Other North Koreans in Dandong were openly weeping over the death of their "  dear leader , " as he was called in his country . North Korean state-run news agency KCNA , meanwhile , carried messages praising Kim Jong Il . The top story on the agency 's English language website Wednesday , dated Tuesday , said Kim Jong Il "  dedicated himself to the happiness of the people all his life . " "  He had a noble wish , " the KCNA report said . "  It was to bring the greatest happiness and honor to the people even if he had plucked a star from the sky and grown flowers even on a rock . " CNN 's Stan Grant , Chi Chi Zhang , and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Kim Jong Un issued military orders before his father 's death was announced , Yonhap reports The state-run news agency cites a source saying the younger Kim controls the military 2 top South Korean officials are under fire for learning of Kim Jong Il 's death via TV A defector tells CNN of starvation inside North Korea
CNN  A crowd of tens of thousands filled Yitzhak Rabin Square in Tel Aviv on Saturday evening , calling for a change in Israeli leadership amid growing discontent with the current administration . The rally , called "  Israel Wants Change , " was put on by One Million Hands , a grassroots movement that focuses its efforts on two major issues : a two-state solution and a reduction in the cost of living . On both of these topics , founder Dror Ben-Ami says , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has failed . "  We think that the only way to go forward on that account is to change government and to get this current government out of office . To get Bibi out of office , " says Ben-Ami . Organizers are not promoting any specific candidate or pushing voters toward any political party in the March 17 balloting . Instead , they are encouraging voters to change the current administration . Police estimated the crowd at 40,000 people . Headlining the rally was Meir Dagan , the former head of Mossad , Israel 's spy agency , and a vocal critic of Netanyahu . In recent weeks , Dagan criticized Netanyahu 's decision to speak before the U.S. Congress , and he continued his criticism at the rally , saying that he has never seen such stagnation in Israeli politics . Netanyahu still has broad support in Israel , and his Likud party is doing well in the polls . The Zionist Union is Likud 's primary challenger . In the initial round of polling immediately following Netanyahu 's speech before Congress , the Zionist Union was expected to win 24 seats in the Knesset while Likud was expected to win 23 seats . The poll comes from CNN affiliate Channel 2 Israel . Because of the nature of Israeli politics , Netanyahu 's Likud party could lose the election while Netanyahu still becomes prime minister . In many ways , this rally was reminiscent of a similar social movement that began in the summer of 2011 . Hundreds of thousands of protesters packed the streets of Tel Aviv , demanding improvements in the cost of housing , education , and health care . What started as a small social media campaign turned into a nationwide movement that spread to other major cities . This time , the issues are different . But the growing sense of discontent and the calls for change remain .	Group One Million Hands sponsors event in Tel Aviv They want to see a new prime minister Israeli elections come March 17
CNN  -- A federal judge has ordered the reinstatement of an openly lesbian former Air Force major who was dismissed from the military under the government 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . Judge Ronald Leighton of Tacoma , Washington , made his ruling Friday . It is the latest legal and political setback for the Obama administration , which is seeking to end the policy through a legislative and executive solution . Maj. Margaret Witt , a decorated flight nurse with 20 years of service , had sued to return to the Air Force Reserve . She was honorably discharged in July 2007 on the grounds that she had a six-year relationship with another woman , a civilian . "  Her discharge from the Air Force Reserves violated her substantive due process rights under the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution . She should be restored to her position as a flight nurse with the 446th AES as soon as is practicable , " wrote the judge . An Air Force spokesman said the Air Force believes that "  Major Witt 's discharge was fully consistent with the law and thus appropriate . " "  While we are disappointed the district court judge did not agree that important Congressionally-recognized military interests were furthered by Major Witt 's discharge , we are pleased he allowed the government to develop a more detailed factual record for the appellate courts to consider , " said Lt. Col. Todd Vician . The "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy enacted in 1993 prevents gay men and lesbians from openly serving in the military and bars officials from inquiring into a service member 's sexuality . The Senate this week temporarily turned aside legislation to repeal the law . Witt joined the Air Force in 1987 and was suspended in 2004 , after her superiors discovered her personal relationship with the civilian woman . At the time , she worked for an air-medical transport unit that evacuated and treated wounded soldiers . She was described in employee reports and by trial witnesses as an "  exemplary officer " who was an effective leader , caring mentor , and skilled clinician . She had hid her homosexuality for years . The judge found no compelling reason for her dismissal . "  The application of ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' to Major Margaret Witt does not significantly further the government 's interest in promoting military readiness , unit morale and cohesion , " he wrote . In 2006 , Leighton had ruled against Witt , but a federal appeals court had ordered him to take another look at the case . A six-day federal trial had wrapped up earlier this week , and Leighton had openly indicated he would likely rule in Witt 's favor . "  My colleagues -- my friends -- said , ` Ron , you got it wrong , " ' Leighton said near the end of the trial , referring to his earlier decision . "  They told me what I needed to do , what I needed to ask . " The judge is a 2002 Bush appointee . Witt 's lawyers from the ACLU argued that the Spokane native 's sexuality never led to any problems within her unit . Several members of her squadron had testified they would welcome her back . "  Today we heard the hammer of justice strike for Major Margaret Witt , " said ACLU of Washington Executive Director Kathleen Taylor . "  We look forward to the day when all members of our military can serve our country without invidious discrimination . To discharge her simply because of her sexual orientation was entirely unfair to her and unwise for the military , which needs her significant skills . " Witt was released just before she was set to retire with full benefits . The judge rejected a separate argument from Witt that her procedural due process rights were violated . Leighton said the Air Force gave her full notice of the charges against her and she was given the opportunity to challenge the charges . Air Force lawyers argued the military -- not the courts -- was in the best position to evaluate and enforce the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . A federal judge in California earlier this month had similarly ruled the policy unconstitutional . That judge will soon rule on whether the Pentagon will be barred from enforcing it . President Barack Obama is pushing for a repeal of the controversial policy . A bill that would overturn the measure after a Pentagon review is completed in December is currently before Congress . More than 12,500 gays have been booted from the military since "  do n't ask , do n't tell " went into effect .	NEW : Air Force : "  Witt 's discharge was fully consistent with the law " The judge says Witt 's discharge violated constitutional due process rights She was a decorated flight nurse with 20 years of service Judge : Her dismissal did not promote military readiness , unit morale or cohesion
CNN  -- As Occupy Wall Street demonstrations spread to cities across the U.S. , protesters , bystanders and interested people almost everywhere are using mobile devices to share and follow events on the ground . How have mobile organizing tools evolved over the past few years , and where might they go from here ? Media technologist Deanna Zandt  author of "  Share This ! How You Will Change the World with Social Networking "  attended the protests In New York 's Zucotti Park last week . This led her to reflect on her experience at the 2004 Republican National Convention protests in New York . "  2004 was well before Facebook and Twitter . The tools we had were great for mobile communication among protesters and organizers , or for uploading media to places like Flickr , where you hoped people might see it . But you could go to another part of the city where no protests were happening , and people there would have no idea that anything was going on , " she said . That situation has completely flipped . Today , communicating from and about the Occupy Wall Street protests is primarily a social phenomenon . "  This week , all my apolitical friends who were not really involved or interested in the protests were still commenting about it on Facebook . It even generated a hilarious spoof meme , #OccupySesameStreet , " Zandt said . "  It 's on everyone 's radar now . " In 2004 , text messaging was the primary mobile tool for protest coordination . "  Most mobile social media tools did n't exist , so we were rolling our own , " said open source software developer Nathan Freitas . In 2004 , he helped the Ruckus Society build a text alert service , which transmitted tactical messages from organizers to more than 10,000 protesters on the scene . Frietas thinks this relatively closed communication channel may in some ways have had more impact on protests than the more open social media channels that are common today . He said the 2004 text-alert system "  was more powerful because there was less noise and competition . Our goal was to organize people using their phones ; social media is more about spreading news and opinion . Notice that what we heard about how Twitter was used in Egypt this spring was mostly not about organizing people on the ground ; it was about getting the word out to the rest of the world . " In a later project , the Ruckus Society helped the Service Employees International Union and MoveOn.org mobilize their "  get out the vote " campaign . It expanded the text alert system it had created for the RNC '04 protests to use a distributed technique similar to how SETI@Home works . In that project , people across the nation volunteered their home computers ' spare processing capacity to send out text messages to subscribers utilizing SMS gateway technology . This minimized the otherwise high cost of transmitting lots of text messages . Furthermore , distributed text message broadcasts helped ensure that the messages got delivered . Wireless carriers tend to block text messages when they 're generated in volume from a single phone number . But when many volunteers were transmitting alerts in small batches , it bypassed carrier blocking . After 2004 , looking at protest and dissent movements around the world , Freitas and others realized that in some countries , people may risk their lives by protesting . These activists need mobile communication tools that shield their identities , their current locations and other crucial information . So Frietas helped create the Guardian Project , which makes easy-to-use apps and other mobile software as well as customized mobile phones "  that can be used and deployed around the world , by any person looking to protect their communications and personal data from unjust intrusion and monitoring . " Freitas observed that the Occupy Wall Street protesters seem more interested in transparency than secrecy . "  With the Occupy protests -- at least so far -- law enforcement does n't seem highly interested in surveilling or arresting protesters . " Today , Freitas teaches a course at New York University called "  social activism using mobile technology . " He 's been sending his students out to the Occupy Wall Street protests . In addition to seeing mobile devices being used to create a great deal of citizen journalism there , they 've noted innovative approaches , such as the curation tool Vibe , an iPhone and Android app that allows users to connect with people based on proximity . While it 's not completely anonymous , it provides more privacy than popular social media services . "  With Vibe , you do n't have to follow someone ; you can just talk to people in your local area , within a radius of your location , " Freitas explained . But since Vibe connects via the internet , "  that means it could be shut down if they turned off cell towers , like BART did in San Francisco recently . " Freitas noted that other mobile communication apps are emerging that are "  peer to peer " or "  mesh networks , " meaning mobile devices communicate directly with each other , not via the internet . These tools are in their infancy , but Frietas expects them to develop rapidly . Common mobile technologies like Bluetooth or emerging ones like near-field communication could play a roll in this evolution . Zandt also noted that mobile media have the ability to engage the attention -- if not always the participation -- of bystanders . "  Approximately every other person walking by on the streets was pulling out a phone to check online to see what the protest was about . They were tweeting about it and checking whether the subway was still running , things like that , " she said . "  That 's a huge ripple effect of awareness and education . " Zandt noted that in the past , bystanders would have to walk up to a cop or a protester to ask what was going on , something that can seem daunting or even risky to bystanders . But last week , "  Most bystanders were taking photos with their phones . Some were posting photos to social media or sending them around to their friends . You could see them texting and tweeting , " Zandt said . "  I saw some women wearing janitorial uniforms , speaking an Eastern European language , doing that , too . Workers of the world , unite ! " Still , the proliferation of mobile media at the recent protests is n't always a good thing . "  I get frustrated with ` protest porn ' : people waiting to see the police do something wrong , and then they whip out their cameras , " Zandt said . "  At a big demonstration , there are lots of interesting things to document . For instance , I loved seeing that lots of different kinds of people -- people of color , minorities , etc. -- who had n't been well-represented in in earlier media coverage of the Occupy Wall Street protests are now getting coverage , " she said . "  With mobile tools , we should do our best to represent the full picture of what 's happening . We should n't just be waiting for something to go horribly wrong . " The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Communicating from and about the Occupy Wall Street protests is a social phenomenon In 2004 , text messaging was the primary mobile tool Distributed text message broadcasts help ensure that the messages got delivered
CNN  -- "  White people adopt black kids to make themselves feel good ... A black child needs black parents to raise it . " "  Maybe she adopted one because the blacks in the community would n't step forward and adopt ? " "  What 's the big deal ? If no white person ever adopted a black child , they 'd be saying why do n't white people adopt black children . " "  Who cares what race they are ? A woman got a child , a child got a mother ... it 's BEAUTIFUL !!! And yes I am black ... if it matters . " These impassioned comments and thousands more poured in earlier this week when CNN published a story on the stirred-up debate surrounding Sandra Bullock 's recent adoption . A People magazine cover photo of the actress beaming at her newly adopted black infant son , and the discussions that have followed , clearly hit a nerve . So when it comes to transracial adoptions in this country , where are we ? Stacey Bush is the white child of a black mother whose adoption sparked controversy and whose attitude forces people to think about the issue differently . Stacey would n't change a thing about her life , which is saying a lot for a young woman who spent her early childhood being neglected and bounced through the foster-care system . That was before a drawn-out legal case ended in 1998 , allowing a single black woman , Regina Bush -- the only mother Stacey had ever loved -- to become her forever mom . The Michigan lawsuit was filed when a county agency cited concerns about "  cultural issues " in an attempt to keep the pair apart . Regina Bush 's adoption of Stacey 's biracial half-sister had already been completed , without challenge , and Bush says she wanted to keep the girls together .  As a matter of full disclosure , this CNN writer 's late father represented Regina Bush in the case . At 21 , Stacey is thriving in college , well on her way to becoming an early-childhood educator and seamlessly moving between worlds . In one day , she might braid the hair of black friends , address faculty at Central Michigan University where she is on a partial multicultural scholarship , and then go salsa dancing with her Latina sorority sisters . "  People are sometimes startled . ` She 's white , but she does n't seem white , ' " she says with a laugh . "  I can relate to everyone . I like being exposed to everything . ... Seeing me , hearing me -- it does n't matter what color you 're raised just as long as someone loves you . " Forty percent of children adopted domestically and internationally by Americans are a different race or culture from their adoptive parents , according to a 2007 National Survey of Adoptive Parents , the most recent study of its kind conducted by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . Legislation passed by Congress in 1994 and 1996 prohibits agencies getting federal help from discriminating against would-be parents based on race or national origin . How adoptive parents have approached transracial adoptions has changed with time , says Chuck Johnson , acting chief executive of the National Council for Adoption . "  In the old days , meaning the '70s and '80s , there was this notion that these parents need to be colorblind . This sounds wonderful , but by being colorblind you 're denying they 're of a different race and culture , " Johnson says . "  Families that are successful are those that acknowledge race . ... It 's not a curse . It 's not an impossible feat . They just need to work harder to give a child a sense of self-identity . " It may be ideal and less complicated to match children available for adoption with same-race , same-culture families , says Johnson , who advocates that children be raised in their own countries whenever possible , too . "  But timeliness is of the utmost importance , " he says . "  It 's better to find permanency and a loving home . " The latest figures show that there are 463,000 American kids in the foster-care system , of which 123,000 are available for adoption , Johnson says . Of those , he says , 30 percent are black , 39 percent are white , 21 percent are Hispanic and the rest are of other origins . Seventy-three percent of official adoptions -- including those arranged through foster care , private domestic arrangements and internationally -- are done by whites , according to the 2007 survey of adoptive parents . But that does n't account for informal arrangements , when relatives take in other family members ' children , which is much more common in the black community , says Toni Oliver , vice-president elect of the National Association of Black Social Workers . She says the black community takes in "  more children than the whole foster care system does , " although Johnson adds that often these arrangements do n't have the safeguards and protections legal adoptions provide . When handled well , transracial adoption is "  a very positive thing , " says Rita Simon , who has been studying these adoptions for 30 years and has written 65 books , including "  Adoption , Race & Identity : From Infancy to Young Adulthood . " "  But love is not enough , " said Simon , a professor of justice and public policy at American University in Washington . "  You really have to make some changes in your life if you adopt a child of another race . " In the case of a white parent adopting a black child , that might mean living in an integrated neighborhood , having pictures in the home of black heroes , seeking out other families in similar situations , attending a black church and finding role models or godparents who are black . The same need to integrate a child 's culture applies across the board , whether parents are adopting from Asia , Central America or elsewhere . "  It helps make our society more integrated , " said Simon , who has five biracial grandchildren . "  Race becomes less important and other kinds of identity issues become more important . " Bill Barry and his wife , Joan Jacobson , adopted two boys as newborns . Willie , 17 , is biracial and Alex , 15 , is black . Race never mattered to the white couple when they set out to adopt , after it became clear they would n't be able to bear children on their own . "  We simply wanted a healthy newborn , " Barry says . "  We did n't care about race , did n't care about sex , and we knew we wanted them locally . " Had the family uprooted to white suburbia , he suspects , the journey might have been more challenging . As it is , the kids go to public schools in Baltimore , Maryland , live in a multiracial and multicultural environment and grew up in a house where pictures of Paul Robeson and Rosa Parks hung on the walls . But Barry says he and his wife did n't "  go way overboard . " The white pair did n't , for example , suddenly start celebrating Kwanzaa . "  My wife is Jewish , though not so practicing , and we did Christmas and Hanukkah . Double the presents -- they quickly celebrated that , " he says . "  Kids are always trying to figure out their identity and who they are , and race is just part of it . " That may be true , but the National Association of Black Social Workers has long argued for keeping black children in black homes . About 40 years ago , the association released a four-page position paper on transracial adoption in which it went so far as to call such adoptions "  genocide " -- and that word choice has dogged the organization ever since . But Oliver , the vice-president-elect , says when that position was written decades ago , blacks were being discounted as adoptive parents , not being given the same resources to help keep families together and thereby prevent the need for child placements , and that agencies were n't recruiting families within the community . By speaking strongly , the organization helped jolt the system -- although more still needs to be done , she says . The preference , Oliver says , remains that kids be placed in same-race households whenever possible . And if it is n't possible , or if a birth parent selects an adoptive family of a different race , then those adopting must be educated to understand "  the impact of race and racism on the country , their family and the child in particular , " she says . "  There is a negative impact that children and families are going to experience based on race , " she says . "  The idea that race does n't matter is not true . We would like it to be true , but it 's not . " Regina and Stacey Bush have faced challenges along the way . They 've received their share of stares and under-the-breath comments like , "  What 's this world coming to . " When a young Stacey once started climbing into the van to join her family at an Arby 's restaurant , patrons came running to grab her , yelling that she was going into the wrong car . The girl was given detention at school , accused of lying because she called a young black boy her little brother , which he was . At a movie theater one time , someone called the police because they feared Stacey had been abducted . Regina says she got attacks from both sides . "  White babies were a precious commodity . ` Blacks ca n't take care of white children , ' " she remembers hearing . "  And blacks were outraged " because there are so many black children in the system who need homes , and "  they did n't understand why a black woman would n't adopt one of her own . " But she says she simply wanted to keep Stacey and her half-sister in the same home and give them a loving family , together . Stacey says that upbringing taught her to embrace all people . "  It gave me so much opportunity to talk to so many different people . There were no limitations . I stood up for a lot of things , and it made me break peoples ' mind-sets , " she says . "  We 're accountable for each other as brothers and sisters . We need to look out for each other because at the end of the day we 're all human beings . "	Impassioned readers weigh in on transracial adoption amid Sandra Bullock news White woman adopted by black mother would n't change a thing , despite challenges "  Love is not enough , " expert says ; adoptive parents must make life changes When it comes to kids figuring out identity , "  race is just part of it , " father says
CNN  -- A young Indiana mother was gagged with chloroform and held captive for two months , forced to wear a dog collar tethered to an "  intricate restraint system " and kept in a wooden cage built by one of her "  sadist " captors , police said . The woman was repeatedly beaten and raped until a stranger risked his own life to rescue her , officials said . CNN does not name victims of sexual assaults , but the woman 's accused captors are now behind bars , charged Monday with a litany of offenses . Police said the victim 's ordeal began July 9 , when the 30-year-old left the Evansville , Indiana , apartment she shared with her boyfriend after the two had a booze-fueled argument . She meandered the city 's streets that night , bouncing between groups of friends before being spotted by Ricky House Jr. , a man who was familiar to her , according to Chief Deputy Tom Latham of the Posey County Sheriff 's Office . House offered her a ride . She accepted . Three days later , police said the woman 's mother reported her missing after she failed to show up to a planned family outing . Over nearly two months , Latham said Evansville Police followed up on plenty of leads , "  they just never got the right lead , " he said . The ride with House on July 9 became a 40-mile drive to the mobile home he shared with girlfriend Kendra Tooley in the small town of Stewartsville and the victim decided she wanted to leave , according to a police affidavit . "  The victim  got up to leave , " Evansville detective Tony Mayhew recounted in court documents , but "  Ricky placed chloroform over her mouth and nose  which caused  her to lose consciousness .  The victim  awoke to find her clothing cut off and she was bound to a bed within the trailer . " Throughout July and August , police said , House and Tooley kept their victim bound to the bed with zip ties or with "  an intricate restraint system . " Her captors treated her like a dog , forcing her to wear "  a red dog collar with a rope or leash attached to it , " and forced her to stay inside a "  locked wooden cage " that House built , according to court documents . Throughout her captivity , she was raped and beaten , she told police . Tooley told police that House , whom she described as "  a sadist , " was "  attempting to impregnate  the victim  because  Tooley  was old and unable to have children of her own . " The victim was under constant restraint and supervision , according to police , and had seen nobody other than her captors until September 4 , when Tooley invited her ex-husband to the trailer to show off the captive . "  Tooley  slid over on the couch beside me and said ` I 've got a girl back here in a cage . ' Ronald Higgs told CNN affiliate WEHT . "  I said ` you got a girl back here in a cage ? What are you talking about ? " The prisoner pleaded with Higgs to help free her . "  I did n't really know what I could do because I 'm nowhere near the man I used to be , " the 61-year-old father of girls told WEHT , "  but  I was n't  leaving  that  house without her . " After his attempts to buy her freedom were rejected , police said the encounter turned violent and House retrieved his sawed-off shotgun . "  He stuck that shotgun right here under my chin with his finger on the trigger , " Higgs told WEHT . "  I said if you 're going to effing kill me you better do it now or I 'm going to take this away from you and beat you to death with it . " Higgs said he was able to head butt House , who retreated into another room . It was then he was able to safely escape with the victim . House , 37 is facing 14 counts of rape , kidnapping , criminal confinement and battery , according to charging documents filed Monday by the Posey County prosecutor 's office . Tooley , 44 , was charged with 10 counts of rape , kidnapping and criminal confinement . A judge set House 's bond at $ 500,000 and Tooley 's at $ 150,000 , according to the sheriff 's office . WEHT reported the pair were assigned public defenders and the court entered a preliminary not guilty plea . The couple are due back in court October 1 , but Higgs said he already knows what he 'd like their sentence to be . "  I told the police ... I hope you all have some real small cells , " he told WEHT . "  That 's where they need to spend the rest of their lives , in a real small cell . " Police : Mother chained son to radiator for two weeks Caged and doomed , boy leaves sad account of his life	30-year-old Indiana woman returns home safely after being missing for two months Couple charged with holding her against her will inside their mobile home Victim says she was repeatedly raped and beaten , forced to wear a dog collar A stranger risked his life to rescue her after seeing her in a dog cage , police say
CNN  -- A federal grand jury indicted four more people on charges involving the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai , India , that left more than 160 people dead . The case is linked to David Headley , who pleaded guilty last year to all 12 charges against him in connection with the four-day siege on India 's financial capital and a plot to attack a Danish newspaper . Headley was not charged in the new indictment , but his role is spelled out in detail throughout the charges that describe an extended plot involving years of surveillance , setting up a front organization to hide activities , getting money to pay for planning , and communications between some of the suspects and the Mumbai attackers as the siege took place . The new indictment included charges of aiding and abetting the murder of U.S. citizens in India and conspiracy to bomb public places in India . Both carry a maximum penalty of life in prison or death . In addition , some or all of the suspects in the new indictment were charged with conspiracy to murder and maim in India , conspiracy to provide material support to terrorism in India , conspiracy to murder and maim in Denmark and others that carry a maximum penalty of life in prison . Named in the new indictment were Ilyas Kahmiri , Tahawwur Hussain Rana , Abdur Rehman Hashim Syed , Sajid Mir , Abu Qahafa , Mazhar Iqbal and an unidentified man referred to by the alias of Major Iqbal . Rana , a Canadian citizen and Chicago resident , is the only suspect in U.S. custody . Rana , Kahmiri and Syed were named in previous indictments that charged Headley , who also lived in Chicago . The other suspects were all believed to live in Pakistan . Kahmiri is a leader of the Pakistani terrorist group Harakat ul Jihad al Islami , or the Islamic Struggle Movement , and has close contact with a known al Qaeda leader , according to the indictment . The four new suspects named in Monday 's indictment were Mir , Qahafa , Iqbal and the unidentified man referred to by his alias . Headley , the son of an American mother and Pakistani father , was accused of extensive involvement in planning the devastating attacks on hotels in Mumbai , which the Indian government says were carried out by the Pakistan-based terrorist group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . At least six Americans were among the dead . Headley initially pleaded not guilty to the charges , then changed his plea as part of a deal with the government to cooperate with investigators in exchange for a maximum possible sentence of life in prison . By pleading guilty , he also gave up his right to appeal . Headley 's actual sentence will depend on how much he cooperates with authorities . The new indictment Monday charged that Headley , working in connection with the other suspects , scouted targets in Mumbai for more than two years to set up the November 2008 attacks . It included details of what happened that day , saying that "  during the course of attacks in Mumbai , the attackers were in telephonic contact with defendants Sajid Mir , Abu Qahafa and Mazhar Iqbal , all of whom were then located in Pakistan . " "  More specifically , during the course of the attacks , the attackers were advised to , among other actions , kill hostages , set fires and throw grenades , " the indictment said . "  Sajid Mir also sought to arrange the release of a hostage in exchange for the release of a captured attacker . " It also accused Mir of working with Headley to plan a terrorist attack on a Danish newspaper , which was never carried out . The newspaper became the target of Muslim fury in 2005 after it published cartoons depicting the Prophet Mohammed in a manner offensive to Muslims .	The indictment charges seven men who worked with David Headley Headley pleaded guilty last year to charges in the Mumbai case A top al Qaeda suspect is charged in the new indictment
CNN  -- The baseball playoffs were in full gear Thursday , with four potentially pivotal games to get teams one step closer to the World Series . Two teams moved on and two others stayed alive . The San Francisco Giants and the Detroit Tigers advanced to their respective league championship series while the Baltimore Orioles and Washington Nationals forced winner-take-all showdowns Friday . Here 's a look at what happened around Major League Baseball on Thursday : Detroit 6 , Oakland 0 Justin Verlander pitched a complete game , allowing only four hits as the Tigers beat the A 's in the deciding game of an American League Division Series . The Tigers scored four times in the top of the seventh to break open a close game . Prince Fielder and Austin Jackson had RBI singles and Detroit scored twice more to take a 6-0 lead . Verlander , 17-8 during the regular season , threw 122 pitches in going all nine innings . The Tigers will play the winner of the Baltimore-New York series . Baltimore 2 , New York 1 J.J. Hardy 's RBI double in the top of the 13th sent the Orioles and the Yankees to Game 5 of their series . Manny Machado doubled to lead off the inning and Hardy followed two batters later with a long fly over Yankees outfielder Ichiro Suzuki that made the score 2-1 . Baltimore had jumped to a 1-0 lead in the fifth inning , thanks to a Nate McLouth home run . But the Yankees tied it up the next frame , when Derek Jeter scored on a ground out by Robinson Cano . The Orioles ' win sets up Friday 's showdown . New York manager Joe Girardi has promised that he 'll be in the dugout then , as he has been all week , despite the death of his father on Saturday . Pedro Strop , the Orioles ' seventh pitcher of the night , pitched two scoreless innings to earn the win . David Phelps took the loss . One night after giving up a game-tying home run in the bottom of the ninth , Jim Johnson earned a save . San Francisco 6 , Cincinnati 4 Buster Posey hit a grand slam to lead the San Francisco Giants to a 6-4 National League Division Series-clinching victory Thursday over the Cincinnati Reds . Brandon Crawford and Angel Pagan also drove in runs as the West champion Giants defeated the Reds three games to two . The Giants became the first NL team to trail 0-2 in a division series before winning three consecutive games . Under Major League Baseball 's new playoff format , San Francisco had to win three road games to do so . Giants pitcher Matt Cain gave up three runs in 5 2/3 innings to earn the victory . Mat Latos took the loss . San Francisco next will play the winner of the St. Louis Cardinals-Washington Nationals series . SI : How did the Giants win three in a row ? Washington 2 , St. Louis 1 Washington 's Jayson Werth hit a home run to lead off the bottom of the ninth , keeping the Nationals alive in their National League Division Series with a victory over the St. Louis Cardinals . The two teams will play the deciding contest of the five-game series Friday night . The Nationals used four pitchers who gave up just three hits while striking out 10 batters . Washington 's Drew Storen was the winning pitcher , while St. Louis ' Lance Lynn was the loser . Adam LaRoche homered for the Nationals in the second inning , while Carlos Beltran hit a sacrifice fly in the third for the Cardinals ' only run . SI : Werth quiets critics with epic at-bat	NEW : Tigers shut out A 's to advance to American League Championship Series NEW : Baltimore edges New York in 13 innings to force deciding game on Monday Jayson Werth 's homer propels Nationals to win over Cardinals and into Game 5 Giants become first NL team to rally from a two-game deficit in a division series
-LSB- SPOILER ALERT : Stop reading if you have not watched tonight 's series finale of Breaking Bad , titled "  Felina . " Major plot spoilers ahead . -RSB- They were teacher and student . Master and apprentice . Father figure and problem child . Manipulator and manipulated . Heisenberg and Hoodie . Hazmat-suited partners in crime making fat stacks . However you viewed Walter White  Bryan Cranston  and Jesse Pinkman  Aaron Paul  -- and chances are that view changed radically over the last five seasons -- the two men will forever be linked as the heart and corroded soul of AMC 's meth-making drama Breaking Bad . The pair 's relationship flamed out spectacularly in the final season , as Jesse , realizing that Walt was responsible for the near-death of Brock , the son of Jesse 's ex-girlfriend , helped ASAC Schrader  Dean Norris  to  almost  bring Walt to justice . Walt sought revenge , first by handing over Jesse to the neo-Nazis  who gave him two scoops of torture and ice cream  , and then by returning from cold and lonely New Hampshire to wipe out Jesse along with Uncle Jack  Michael Bowen  and his crew . But when Walt saw the hideous , ragged condition of his estranged and now-enslaved labmate , who turned out not to be a 50/50 partner in meth manufacturing with these vicious white supremacists , he had an instinctive change of heart and saved Jesse from the hellfire that they were all going down in . What did Cranston and Paul think of the ending of their audacious adventure , which only left one of their characters alive ? Read on to find out . Calling it "  100 percent satisfying , " Paul tells EW : "  There were thoughts I had that maybe Walt will be the only one standing . I love that toward the end , Walt 's there to go on a suicide mission and blow everyone up , including Jesse , but he sees what they have put him through . His hair 's super long , he 's vacant . There 's not a soul in him anymore , and -LSB- Walt -RSB- decides that he deserves a second chance , so he dives on him . He throws himself in front a bullet for him -- and it 's kind of beautiful . " He adds with a chuckle : "  It 's good that Walt got his , because he 's an evil , evil man , and he needed to go . " In shooting the scene in which Jesse refuses to shoot Walt , Paul wound up  semi -  fulfilling a desire he 'd possessed for years . "  I always had the vision of Jesse pointing a gun to Walt 's head , I really did , " he explains . "  I 'm like , ` It 's got to end like this , ' and deep down , I wanted Jesse to kill Walt . But the closer we got to the end , I realized I did n't want that . Jesse ca n't kill anybody else -- even though he ended up killing Todd . But that was really self-defense and he just had to get out of there . But it 's good that Jesse was put through that torture for the past four or five months , put in a hole , because Jesse 's not an innocent person . He did some very bad things . It 's good that Jesse was put through that so he did some time , but I believe that he deserved to get away from all of it and just leave . You do n't really know where he goes ... " Paul has a few ideas , though , about what happened to Jesse . "  In my mind , he gets the hell out of Dodge , " he says . "  He 's like , ` Oh my god . ' I think he probably goes and says bye to Brock , if he can , or at least just sees him from a distance and then he leaves . Maybe Alaska , maybe New Zealand . Becomes a bush pilot . It 's all part of the story . " EW : ` Breaking Bad 's ' Betsy Brandt says ` The ending is good , it 's really good ' Cranston , meanwhile , feels that Gilligan and his writers crafted both a "  very satisfying " and "  unapologetic " finish to this unforgiving story . "  It 's fitting . It 's complete , " he tells EW , explaining that the ending gave both characters an appropriate reunion and send-off . "  When I see Jesse , this involuntary sense comes over me , " he says of Walt . "  He 's been treated like a dog -- like a beaten dog -- and it just shocks me , and impulsively I protect him . He 's going off into the sunset . It 's fitting that the man who was so put upon and mistreated has a chance . And I like how it ends , because it 's not like , ` Oh , he 's got the money . ' No . He 's just got his life , so he has a chance -- just a chance . " He believes the finale cemented the notion that Breaking Bad is "  a tragedy of almost Shakespearean level . ... Tragedy is not a bunch of bad guys doing bad things : ` Oh , they killed the good guys ! ' Tragedy is when the bad guys are sympathized , when you realize that it could have gone another way , " he notes . "  There was hope for them at one time . Macbeth ! Oh ! In its truest sense , our story is a tragedy -- an American tragedy . It 's not ` good conquers evil , ' it 's not ` good guys against the bad guys , ' it 's much muddier than that . Shades of gray . " Walt 's unplanned self-sacrifice in shielding Jesse from the bullet not only exposed what humanity was left in Walter White , but underlined the significance of their relationship , no matter how fractured . " -LSB- When -RSB- he hears that the blue meth is still out there , that Jesse is still cooking , it 's like , ` That bastard ! He convinced them to be a partner with him , he 's still cooking ! I 'll kill everybody ! ' " says Cranston . "  And then when I see him , the shred of humanity left in Walter White is exposed at that moment and he acts . So if there 's any redeeming quality to him from the standpoint of the audience , it 's that moment . He even allows Jesse to kill him . Jesse has the gun and he points at me , and he says , ` You want this ? ' And I go , ` Yeah . I think it 's fitting . Go ahead . You need to do it , go ahead . It 's okay . ' And then he says , ` If you want this , then do it yourself . I 'm not going to do it for you . ' At least there was some conclusion to their association . Their friendship did matter . And it was because of that history and friendship , that was the basis of his impulsivity . Because otherwise it would just be , ` Jesus , look at that guy , that poor bastard , ' but I 'm not going to risk my life for some stranger . There is more than familiarity . It 's deep-rooted . And it 's so true . Because sometimes you do n't know the depth of what you feel until you 're tested . That 's why I think it 's a satisfying ending . It 's still true to Walter White . Because he always possessed that . But it 's not saccharine sweet . It 's not done out of ` Ohhh , Jesse . ' It 's just ... ` Jesus . ' If anything , it makes me hate Jack even more for his brutality . " Did Cranston feel that the meth lord-in-chief ultimately had to die to give many Breaking Bad fans the closure they were seeking ? "  Because of his love for his family , there was a thought of mine that , ` Would it be a more perfect hell for him to have to see his family die -- his wife , his son , baby daughter -- and he lives ? ' " he says . "  And there 's some merit to that too . But ultimately , I think this is the best ending . A real satisfying ending . And I 'm so grateful for that . " To read why series creator Vince Gilligan and the writers chose these fates for Walt and Jesse , click here . For the cast 's thoughts on the finale , click here . See the original story at EW.com .	Walter White and Jesse Pinkman will forever be linked Aaron Paul called the ending "  100 percent satisfying " Bryan Cranston called it an "  unapologetic " finish
CNN  -- "  People think that education lasts until you graduate from school . But I think that people should continue to learn even after graduation . " -- Yasuaki Sakyo Yasuaki Sakyo believes that education should be lifelong and open to everyone . Tokyo 's bustling , youthful Shibuya district , the backdrop for much of the indie film "  Lost In Translation , " is a hip , neon-lit hub for Japan 's cutting-edge set . Its crammed streets , flashy fashions and hectic pace make it an exhilarating experience that 's often intimidating for the faint hearted . But behind this flamboyant exterior , Shibuya is also home to an organization with a deeper passion -- for learning . Founded in 2006 , Shibuya University is a new system of education that 's firmly rooted in its local community . There are no entrance examinations ; classes take place in the city 's surroundings ; and teachers come from all walks of life . Shibuya University is led by Yasuaki Sakyo , a 28-year-old ex-accountant . Sakyo believes passionately that education is for life , that we can all learn from each other and that teaching should n't be confined to the classroom . Sakyo was working for trading company Sumitomo when he read about Shibuya Ward assembly member Hasabe Ken 's idea of a university based within the Shibuya community that focused on lifelong education . Sakyo was intrigued . He was seeking a new mission : one that would bring benefits to his community . The two men discussed their visions of a university that was open to all ; then Sakyo quit his job to run the Shibuya project . In November 2005 , a group of interested parties discussed what sort of organization it should be . For a year , they planned Shibuya University ; the first classes began in September 2006 . "  Shibuya , where people usually come to enjoy themselves , is full of wonderful things " Sakyo told CNN . "  My idea was to bring together the most interesting elements of education and the attractive parts of Shibuya . " This free-flowing approach to learning contrasts markedly with the stiff , conformist image of traditional Japanese education . Shibuya acts as a catalyst , breathing knowledge and life through the community . Its classes , which range from traditional Japanese culture to environmental issues , are enormously popular , with many oversubscribed . Its "  classrooms " have included shopping complexes , museums and the gardens of Meiji Shrine . There 's no clear distinction between students and teachers and no graduation from classes . Teachers have ranged from janitors to best-selling sports writers . Students are mainly in their 20s and 30s , although Sakyo hopes that the university 's appeal will broaden to wider age groups . In the future , Sakyo hopes Shibuya will grow . "  I want -LSB- it -RSB- to help Shibuya become a better place , " he says . The university may act as a model for similar projects : Sakyo 's vision of a symbiosis between learning and the community has sparked interest from London , the U.S. and Taiwan . But Sakyo says his own future is to continue on his mission to serve his community . "  For me personally , my goal has no end , " he told CNN . "  I think maybe I will continue thinking about improving society in the way that I imagine . I 'd like to play a part in making these things happen . So my goal is just to keep going . " ... . Read an interview with Yasuaki Sakyo and explore his vision for learning that 's rooted in the community of Shibuya . What do you think of Yasuaki Sakyo 's vision for community-based learning ? Which is better -- formal or informal education ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum . E-mail to a friend	Yasuaki Sakyo , 28 , leads Shibuya University in Tokyo , Japan Shibuya University offers free , community-based , lifelong learning Classes take place in the street , record shops , museums ; anyone can teach Ex-accountant Sakyo hopes the Shibuya model will be adopted elsewhere
TBLISI , Georgia  CNN  -- Russian forces launched an airstrike against a military airfield near the Tbilisi International Airport early Sunday , despite international calls for Russia to stand down from the escalating conflict , Georgian officials told CNN . The attack near the Georgian capital city came after a day of intense fighting in the former Soviet republic , with dozens of Russian warplanes bombing civilian and military targets in Georgia on Saturday . As many as 2,000 people had been killed in the capital of separatist Georgian province South Ossetia , according to a Russian ambassador . "  The city of Tskhinvali no longer exists . There is nothing left . It was wiped out by the Georgian military , " the Russian news agency Interfax said , quoting the Russian ambassador to Georgia , Vyacheslav Kovalenko . Tskhinvali residents who survived the bombardment by hiding in basements and later fled the city estimated that hundreds of civilians had died . They said bodies were everywhere , according to The Associated Press . CNN could not independently confirm any death tolls , which varied greatly depending on the source . Alexander Lomaia , secretary of Georgia 's National Security Council , said dozens of Georgian troops had lost their lives . Watch Georgian minister describe fighting in South Ossetia " "  Our losses are mounting ... as many as 40 military servicemen killed and over 100 wounded , " he said . "  The losses are also mounting among civilian population in the cities . " Lomaia said Georgian troops in Tskhinvali were engaged in fierce ground battles on Saturday with Russian troops , whom he said were engaged in a full-scale military operation . The operation included tanks , armored vehicles , heavy artillery , soldiers and paratroopers , Lomaia said . Military aircraft were crossing the Georgian border about every 15 minutes , he said , hitting civilian , economic and military targets . He said that at least 50 military jets were being used . Watch images of crashed Georgian war plane " "  Frankly , we have not expected the Russian invaders to hit our residential buildings , to hit our peaceful cities , to hit our peaceful citizens , " he said . He said he could n't confirm whether Georgia 's capital , Tbilisi , had been hit . "  From the legal point of view , our actions are absolutely justified and legitimate , " Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said in Vladikavkaz , the capital of the Russian region of North Ossetia . "  Moreover , they are necessary . " He arrived in the region that borders South Ossetia on Saturday night . Putin 's press secretary told Interfax that the premier was concerned about the flood of refugees arriving in Russia from South Ossetia . Russian officials said that more than 30,000 refugees have left South Ossetia and crossed into Russia over the past two days , Interfax reported . "  The actions of the Georgian authorities in South Ossetia are a crime , of course , primarily a crime against their own people , " Putin said . "  This aggression led to numerous casualties , among civilians in particular , and virtually caused a real humanitarian catastrophe . And that is already a crime against the Ossetian people , " he said . "  At the same time I would like to stress that Georgia has always been greatly respected in Russia and Georgians regarded as brotherly people , " the premier said . Russians struck several major targets Saturday , including the Black Sea port of Poti , an airport , a major pipeline and a military base and train station in Senaki in western Georgia , Lomaia said . Georgian officials said that a center housing civilians had also been hit . Eight Georgians died in the port town , Georgian officials said . The Kodori Gorge in upper Abkhazia -- a second breakaway province in Georgia -- was also bombarded by at least 12 Russian jets , Lomaia said . Georgia 's public television station reported a second round of bombings in Abkhazia at just before 11:30 p.m. Military bases at Vaziani and Marneuli also came under attack , the British Foreign Office said , and Russian aircraft bombed the Georgian town of Gori , about 35 miles northwest of Tbilisi , Georgian officials said . An Associated Press reporter who visited Gori shortly after the Russian airstrikes Saturday saw several apartment buildings in ruins , some still on fire , and scores of dead bodies and bloodied civilians . The elderly , women and children were among the victims . A Russian naval fleet was anchored in the Black Sea port of Ochamchire in Abkhazia province , Lomaia added . "  We have managed to down 10 Russian jets , and one of the pilots has been captured alive and is being treated in a military hospital , " Lomaia said . "  We have also destroyed up to 30 Russian tanks and heavy military -LSB- vehicles -RSB- . " The situation in South Ossetia escalated rapidly from Thursday night , when Georgia said it had launched an operation into the region after its unilateral cease-fire was met with artillery fire from separatists that killed 10 people , including peacekeepers and civilians . It accused Russia of backing the separatists . Russian tanks began rolling into Georgia on Thursday night . On Saturday , the Georgian parliament approved President Mikhail Saakashvili 's request to impose a "  state of war " for 15 days , officials said . The order is not a formal declaration of war and stops short of declaring martial law , according to Georgian officials . It gives Saakashvili powers he would not ordinarily have , such as issuing curfews , restricting the movement of people or limiting commercial activities , those officials said . Saakashvili asked Western leaders to pressure Russia to agree to an immediate cease-fire . "  We are dealing with absolutely criminal and crazy acts of irresponsible and reckless decision makers , which is on the ground producing dramatic and tragic consequences , " Saakashvili said Saturday afternoon . U.S. President Bush , speaking from Beijing , China , called for an immediate halt to the violence , a stand-down by all troops and an end to the Russian bombings . He urged the sides to return to "  the status quo of August the 6th . " Watch Bush express concerns over situation " "  The attacks are occurring in regions of Georgia far from the zone of conflict in South Ossetia . They mark a dangerous escalation in the crisis , " Bush said in a statement while attending the Olympic Games , according to The Associated Press . Bush spoke Saturday evening to Saakashvili and Russian President Medvedev , a White House spokesman said . The war , Saakashvili said , "  is not about South Ossetia . It has never been in the first place . It is about destroying a small democratic nation aspiring to live in peace , freedom and liberty . " "  This unprovoked , long-time-ago-planned invasion and aggression must stop , " he said . It was unclear which side controlled Tskhinvali on Saturday . The Georgians said fighting raged , but the Russians said they had "  liberated " the city . "  Battalion task forces have fully liberated Tskhinvali of Georgian armed forces and started pushing Georgian units out of the area of responsibility of the peacekeeping forces , " General Vladimir Boldyrev , commander of the Russian Ground Forces , told Interfax . Colonel-General Anatoly Nogovitsyn , a spokesman for the Russian Defense Ministry , said that Georgians had shot down two Russian aircraft , contradicting Georgian claims . Georgia , a pro-Western ally of the United States , is intent on asserting its authority over South Ossetia and Abkhazia . Both have strong Russian-backed separatist movements . Inside South Ossetia , civilians have been without water , electricity and basic services for more than a day , said Maia Kardava , a Red Cross spokeswoman in Tbilisi . She said the Red Cross was unable to reach colleagues based in Tskhinvali because their phones had lost power and they were huddled in bomb shelters . CNN 's Elise Labott and journalist Elene Gotsadze contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	2,000 people have been killed in South Ossetia , Russian ambassador says 40 military killed and mounting civilian casualties , Georgia official says Russian prime minister : Georgia 's actions are "  crime against their own people . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy proposes an immediate cease-fire
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- A Miami , Florida , court appearance for Colton Harris-Moore , the so-called "  barefoot bandit , " has been postponed until Friday , as he did not have a U.S.-based attorney to represent him Wednesday . Wearing government-issued socks , sandals and shackles , the 19-year-old Harris-Moore told the judge his mother hired an attorney whose name he did not know . Public defender Hector Topico offered to assist Harris-Moore in contacting the attorney in Washington state . Harris-Moore was taken into custody on Harbour Island in the Bahamas early Sunday . He was sought in a string of home and airport break-ins in various U.S. locations along with thefts of vehicles . In the Bahamas , Harris-Moore pleaded guilty to a charge of illegally landing a plane , paid a $ 300 fine and was ordered deported , his lawyer said . He was then flown to Miami on Tuesday , the FBI said . Typically in extradition cases , the accused makes a first appearance in the federal court closest to where he was arrested , said Emily Langlie , spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in the Western District of Washington . The Southern District of Florida , in Miami , is the closest jurisdiction to the Bahamas , said Langlie . In his initial U.S. appearance , he will be told of his rights and read an initial charge of interstate transportation of stolen property , Langlie said . The complaint , which was sealed until last week , was filed last December and stems from his allegedly stealing a plane in Bonner 's Ferry , Idaho , and crashing it outside Granite Falls , Washington , she said . After his initial appearance , U.S. marshals will take him to the Western District of Washington in Seattle . Under the federal system , the case will then go to a grand jury . If an indictment is returned , more charges could be filed . The federal charge of interstate transportation of stolen goods carries a penalty of up to 10 years in prison . Federal prosecutors are working with other states to determine the best way to go forward in this case , but the Washington courts will get him first since he was arrested on their warrant , Langlie said . "  He seems to be very remorseful , " attorney Monique Gomez , a Bahamian lawyer who represented Harris-Moore in Nassau , told CNN in a telephone interview . Asked whether he acknowledges guilt in the other cases , Gomez said , "  Let me put it this way -- he wishes he had done things a little differently in his life . " Still , she added , he appeared "  in good spirits . " Authorities in Madison County , Nebraska , issued an arrest warrant for Harris-Moore last month on charges of burglary and theft by unlawful taking or deception . The affidavit supporting the warrant alleges the youth waged a crime spree . He faces charges in Washington state in the theft of an aircraft , and police have said they believe he stole a Cessna in Indiana and flew it to the Bahamas , where it was found in the shallows off Abaco Island . The teen had been on the run since he escaped from a juvenile halfway house in Renton , Washington , in 2008 . The FBI had offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . Harris-Moore is called the "  barefoot bandit " because he was without shoes when he allegedly broke into houses . He also was barefoot when apprehended in the Bahamas at the Romora Bay Resort and Marina by police responding to a reported sighting Sunday . The youth has amassed more than 80,000 Facebook fans . In December , Time magazine dubbed him "  America 's Most Wanted Teenage Bandit . " Also , 20th Century Fox has purchased the rights for a film based on his exploits . CNN 's Ashley Hayes , John Couwels , Patrick Oppmann , Susan Candiotti , Tom Watkins and InSession Correspondent Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	NEW : The hearing for Colton Harris-Moore will be held Friday NEW : The 19-year-old had no legal representatives in court Wednesday At Friday 's court appearance , he will be told of his rights and read his charges In the Bahamas , he pleaded guilty to illegally landing a plane
CNN  I could n't quite believe my eyes when I read the initial comments from Microsoft 's CEO on how women who do n't ask for raises will receive "  good karma . " What ? Is this 2014 or 1954 ? The CEO , Satya Nadella , has since tried to clarify his comments , which were ironically made at a conference in Phoenix celebrating women in computing . Nadella took to Twitter to say he was "  inarticulate " on the topic of how women should ask for a raise . At the conference , he appeared to be saying that women who have faith that things will work out  and who do n't speak up  will see pay increases in the long term during their careers . In his Twitter mea culpa , there was no talk of faith or karma . Nadella said the tech industry needs to close the gender pay gap "  so a raise is not needed because of a bias . " There are so many reasons why Nadella 's initial comments are so worrisome . I 've tried to boil down my anger and the outrage of other women on social media to five : 1 . Other men think this way : First , it 's clear that Nadella believes that women should trust that things will work out in the long run , or he would never have said it . The question is how many other male chief executives feel the same way . I 'm guessing there are some . And if they do feel this way , how motivated are they to close the gender pay gap ? Do they feel like Nadella implied that income differences will work out in the end ? Women make 78 cents for every dollar our male colleagues make . For several years , the number has been 77 cents to every dollar a man earns . I 'm not sure "  karma " is going to bring that gap to zero . 2 . Women are already afraid to ask : I remember a story I worked on while I was at the women 's website iVillage.com . We asked women how often they asked for a raise , and their responses were shocking . Only 35 % of the 1,500 women surveyed said they ever asked for a raise . Fewer than one in five said they ever asked for a promotion , according to the survey . Most women are already reluctant to speak up when it comes to getting more money for their work . Comments like the ones from the Microsoft CEO are n't likely to increase their confidence to go for it . Emma Watson gives feminism new life 3 . We need more female chief executives : I 'm not really into betting , but this is a wager I feel very confident I 'd win . Would a female chief executive officer have ever suggested that women should trust the system and trust that they 'll receive "  good karma " if they do n't ask for raises ? Absolutely not . I do n't think any woman , especially one who has gone on to head a Fortune 500 company , would say she ever trusted the system to get where she is . She most likely had to take on the system and speak up for herself over and over again throughout her career . So Nadella 's big-time gender gaffe points to why we need more women in the C-suite . Sadly , as we reported last year , there has been no significant difference in the number of women in executive positions for four years in a row . 4 . We need more women in tech : We already knew we have too few women in the tech industry , but the Microsoft chief 's gaffe is another reminder . You have to wonder if he 'd ever make such comments or believe them if he were surrounded by more women . According to CNN Money , Microsoft 's work force is 71 % male , but the male-female breakdown gets even worse when you focus on technical and leadership roles . Eighty-three percent of those positions are male , according to CNN Money , which reports that the figures are roughly in line with the male-female breakdown at Google , Facebook , Yahoo and Apple . The issue is not just one of diversity but what impacts the bottom line . The research shows that there is a positive correlation between diversity on boards and in the C-suite and a company 's financial performance . 5 . What message are we sending our girls ? : There 's been so much discussion in the past year or two about how we need to get our girls to lean in , how we need to ban the the word "  bossy , " how we need to have them stop apologizing and feel good and confident about who they are . And then we have a chief executive officer of one of the country 's top tech companies sending a message that could easily be translated into encouraging our girls to be good and not ruffle anyone 's feathers , and that that 's how they 'll get what they want . We women know that 's not how the world works . Girl 's letter to sports retailer calls out gender imbalance in catalog So I 'm thinking we might need to create a new campaign , taking a page from the fabulously successful "  Run Like a Girl " ad by Always , which called attention to how the term "  run like a girl " became a negative when it should be a source of strength . How about a campaign titled "  Make a Gaffe Like a Man " ? There are way too many men who could be included , but we 'd give the starring role to the Microsoft chief at the moment . What do you think about the Microsoft CEO 's initial comments that women should n't ask for a raise ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Microsoft CEO said women who do n't ask for a raise will receive "  good karma " Satya Nadella made the comments at a conference celebrating women in computing Nadella said on Twitter that he was "  inarticulate " and that the gender gap needs to be closed Women make 78 cents for every dollar a man makes , according to the latest numbers
CNN  -- Cecilia Lopez , a student who is the first person from her family to go to college , sees something of herself in the first Hispanic woman to be nominated to the U.S. Supreme Court . Judge Sonia Sotomayor would be the first Hispanic person to serve on the Supreme Court . "  To me , as a student that comes from a low-income background , I think she 's a true example of the fact that when you 're wanting to achieve something , it 's truly possible , regardless of your background , " said Lopez , a 20-year-old senior at the University of Texas . On Tuesday , President Obama nominated Sonia Sotomayor , a woman of Puerto Rican descent , to the U.S. Supreme Court . If confirmed , Sotomayor will be the first Hispanic person and only the third woman to serve on the nation 's highest court . In the wake of the nomination , Hispanics celebrated Sotomayor as a symbol of success and also as a reflection of the changing demographics of the country . In a sense , she is the Hispanic community 's answer to Obama 's narrative -- a sign that , as Lopez said , anything is possible in America if a person works hard enough , no matter their race or economic situation . Sotomayor , 54 , a federal judge in New York , rose from humble beginnings . She grew up in a South Bronx housing project , supported by her mother , who worked six days a week . Sotomayor has called her mother her inspiration and said she instilled in her the values of education . Sotomayor went on to attend Princeton University and Yale Law School . Her story of battling past obstacles is an inspiration for all Hispanic people , said Roberto Ramirez , president-elect of the Puerto Rican Bar Association . "  It would be hard for anyone to argue that somehow merit and talent and commitment and perseverance ... does not ultimately yield the kind of achievement that is recognized by everyone , " he said . Although it may not be possible for everyone to succeed against the odds , "  at this juncture , we are closer to the ideal than we have ever been , " Ramirez said . Gender , ethnicity and socioeconomics are no longer the obstacles they once were , he said . Advocacy groups had been putting pressure on Obama to nominate a minority to fill the Supreme Court seat being vacated by retiring Justice David Souter . Minorities on the court have been rare in its 220-year history . All but two of the 110 justices have been men , and only two of them have not been white , according to CNN 's political unit . Ramirez said Latino people have been waiting a long time for a person of Latino descent to be nominated to the court . But he said he 's so excited now that the wait does n't seem to matter . "  It 's here ! It is the right nominee . It is a woman who will make this country and the U.S. Supreme Court proud , so I 'm not going to ask whether it was a long time coming , " he said . "  I 'm just glad that it is here . " David Perez , a 23-year-old student at Yale Law School , where Sotomayor attended , said many people in the Hispanic community feel such excitement about the nomination that they 're almost numb . "  People are going to remember where they were when they heard about this nomination , " he said . The nomination also makes the court a more accurate reflection of America 's racial demographics , Ramirez said . Hispanics are the largest minority group in the United States , and their presence is expected to continue to grow . About 12.5 percent of people in the United States were Hispanic in the 2000 Census , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . By mid-century , Hispanic people will make up nearly a quarter of the U.S. population , the bureau estimates . Sotomayor 's nomination "  helps to create a tapestry of this country that is very reflective of the people who live in it , " Ramirez said . However , some conservatives in the Hispanic community said a judicial nominee 's ethnic background and life story are not as important as his or her interpretations of the law . "  While it is laudable and desirable to have a Supreme Court that reflects a diversity of views and backgrounds , Justices must check these at the Supreme Court door , " Raquel Rodriguez , a Miami attorney who was general counsel to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , said in a prepared statement . "  Personal views must be surrendered in favor of applying the law . " Anne Guarnera , spokeswoman for the Hispanic College Fund , said Latinos are inspired by the fact that someone of their ethnic group is being portrayed in such a positive light . Sotomayor will inspire young Latinas to chase their dreams , she said . "  I think her cultural background does give her an advantage in being a role model for these students , " she said . "  It 's , in a way , redeeming or affirming to see someone who looks like you succeeding in the public sphere . " Lopez , the college student in Texas , said she always thought her dream of becoming a prominent Latina attorney was possible . But Sotomayor 's nomination serves as proof , she said . "  It 's always better when there 's precedent and you feel that someone else has been able to do it ; I can do it , too , " she said .	If confirmed , Sonia Sotomayor will be the first Hispanic person on Supreme Court Latinos herald the nomination as a victory for the minority group A Latina who wants to be an attorney says Sotomayor is an inspiration Law student says "  people are going to remember where they were " on this day
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The defense secretary will not ban smoking by troops in war zones despite a recommendation to do so by a Pentagon-commissioned study . Defense Secretary Robert Gates says he does not want to compound stress in combat zones by banning smoking . Secretary Robert Gates ' decision stems from concern about the stress troops face , said his spokesman . "  We are fighting two wars right now , using a force that we are demanding more of than we ever have before . They are under enormous stress and strain , and the secretary does not want to compound that stress by taking away from them one of the few outlets they have to relieve that stress , " Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said Wednesday . A new study commissioned by the Pentagon and the Department of Veterans Affairs recommends a complete ban on tobacco , which would end tobacco sales on military bases and prohibit smoking by anyone in uniform -- including combat troops in the thick of battle . According to the study , tobacco use impairs military readiness in the short term . Over the long term , it can cause serious health problems , including lung cancer and cardiovascular disease . The study also says smokeless tobacco use can lead to oral and pancreatic cancer . Morrell said that Gates has not seen the report and will consider the recommendations to move towards a goal of a smoke-free military . "  There may be things we can do to try to move towards that goal . But he has been very clear to me , up front , that one of the things he is not prepared to do is to restrict the use of tobacco products in combat zones , " Morrell said . Anti-smoking activist Richard Daynard said Gates ' decision was logical . But he predicted that , as smoking is banned on military bases outside combat zones , "  then the problem over time will resolve itself , even in combat zones . " The founder of the Tobacco Products Liability Project likened the situation to that which prevailed during the 1980s , when smoking aboard U.S. commercial airlines was banned . "  There was an exception for the cockpit , at least on some airlines , on the theory that you probably do n't want your pilot , if he 's hooked on nicotine , to be cold-turkey while he 's trying to navigate your plane . " But , he said , the exception has been phased out . CNN 's Adam Levine and Tom Watkins contributed to this story .	No ban despite recommendation to do so in Pentagon-commissioned study Spokesman : Secretary does not want to take away outlet to relieve stress Study recommend banning tobacco sales on bases , prohibit smoking in uniform
London  CNN  -- The BBC aired just a short clip of the Wizard of Oz song "  Ding Dong ! The Witch is Dead " on its pop chart show on Sunday -- not the whole song -- after sales of the tune skyrocketed in the wake of the death of Margaret Thatcher . A Facebook campaign has been encouraging people to buy the track to celebrate the former prime minister 's death on Monday , and by the end of the week it reached number 2 in the official national charts . BBC Radio 1 controller Ben Cooper called the decision to play an excerpt on the Official Chart Show "  a difficult compromise , " the BBC reported . On Sunday 's show , a reporter explained the context to the song : "  Tributes poured in from across the world for Margaret Thatcher when she died on Monday , but there were also people who threw street parties around the UK . "  An online campaign began in 2007 to try to get this song , ` Ding Dong ! The Witch Is Dead , ' to number 1 in the charts the week Lady Thatcher died . " A few seconds of the song , featuring the lyrics : "  Ding dong ! The wicked witch is dead , " were then played . Thatcher remains a highly polarizing figure in British politics . Many Britons blame her for creating soaring unemployment , when she reduced or eliminated many government subsidies to businesses and took on unions . Her battle with striking coal miners won her few friends in mining communities in northern England and Wales . OPINION : ` That woman ' Thatcher let women down READ MORE : Silence of the fans : Why has sport shunned Thatcher ? READ MORE : Margaret Thatcher : Hero or villain ? CNN 's Alex Felton contributed to this report .	Sales of the Wizard of Oz song "  Ding Dong the Witch is Dead " have soared Facebook campaign is urging people to buy the track to celebrate Thatcher 's death The BBC played a few seconds of the song on its weekly chart show Margaret Thatcher remains a highly polarizing figure in Britain
CNN  -- Five babies in El Paso , Texas , have tested positive for tuberculosis after being exposed to the infectious disease at a local hospital , the city 's health department says . Providence Memorial Hospital has identified more than 850 infants and 43 health care workers who were potentially exposed after a nurse came to work with an active case of TB some time between September 2013 and August 2014 . He or she worked with infants in the nursery and in the post-partum unit at the hospital . It 's important to note , health officials said , that the babies who tested positive do not have active cases of TB . Four of them received the Bacillus Calmette-Guerin vaccine for TB that may be generating false positives . Still , all will be given treatment . "  I first of all want to apologize to the families that are affected by this , and let you know as CEO of Providence Memorial Hospital , I and my colleagues take absolutely ownership of our role in this , " Eric Evans said at a news conference last week . "  I represent today over 3,000 dedicated co-workers who get up every day dedicated to helping others in their most vulnerable moments . They 're a group of people that I 'm very proud of , and they 're all struggling with this happening in our facility . We 're going to make this right . " 45 infants added to TB exposure list The infected health care worker is no longer working and is receiving treatment , the owner of the hospital , Sierra Providence Health Network , said in a statement . Tuberculosis is an infectious disease that generally causes coughing , chest pain and difficulty breathing , according to the Mayo Clinic . An estimated 2 billion people worldwide have what 's called latent TB , where the bacteria remain dormant and do n't cause symptoms . "  Once in the body , the bacteria usually lay dormant for months or years before they begin to grow and cause a case of active TB , " the El Paso Department of Public Health said in a statement . "  That is why it is so important to identify people who may have been exposed , screen them , and provide treatment . " The bacteria that cause TB spread through the air when an infected patient coughs or sneezes , but it 's not a highly contagious disease ; close contact over a longer period of time is required before another person becomes infected , according to the Mayo Clinic . Only active TB can be spread . Patients with TB must take antibiotics for six to nine months . Some strains of TB are resistant to antibiotics , which makes them more dangerous . Without treatment , TB can be fatal , the Mayo Clinic says .	Five babies in El Paso , Texas , have tested positive for tuberculosis Infants exposed after nurse came to work with active TB More than 850 patients and 43 health care workers were exposed
Editor 's note : CNN.com 's Wayne Drash writes about his maniacal love for University of Memphis basketball . Memphis , North Carolina , UCLA and Kansas play in the Final Four this weekend . Drash says the Memphis team can help heal the city 's old wounds . CNN.com 's Wayne Drash , left , says he 's been hooked on University of Memphis basketball since he was a kid . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- My love for University of Memphis basketball is completely irrational . I never went to school there and have no affiliation with the university . But I bleed Tiger blue . My dad used to take my brothers and me to Memphis games as a kid , and I 've been hooked ever since . We once bought tickets from a scalper for six bucks apiece against arch-rival the University of Louisville in the 1980s . My dad complained we paid too much . But then we moved in seventh grade . I became an even bigger fan after we left the city . I 'd huddle over my AM radio , hooked up with a coat hanger wrapped in aluminum foil as an antenna . More than 350 miles away , I managed to pick up the then-Memphis State games through the crackle and static of the radio . Memphis basketball was my only way to remain connected to my youth and the city that I loved . That was 1985 , the last time Memphis made the Final Four . Is your team in the Final Four ? Send your iReport celebratory photos Back then , Memphis was led by a phenom named Keith Lee . He was best known for a sweet baseline jumper as soft as the nylon nets he swished . He was also known for his giant Afro . He was listed as 6 feet 10 inches . The joke was if you included his wild hairdo , he was 7-4 . When my parents were away at work , sometimes I 'd sneak into my mom 's cabinet , steal her mousse and then put it in my hair . Then this white kid would go out back and shoot hoops for hours , hair sticking straight out like I stuck my finger in a socket . It was the only way I could be like Lee , my hero and idol . Back then , Memphians would rank Lee right up there with Elvis Presley as the city 's most popular icons . Many still do . And that 's the thing about Tiger basketball . In a place where race has often divided so much of it , Memphis basketball has helped unite the city . As a boy , white and black kids would crowd the basketball court at Tiger games to try to snatch the players ' sweatbands as they raced into the locker room . Up until I graduated from high school , the sweatbands of Phillip "  Doom " Haynes and Baskerville "  Batman " Holmes sat on my shelf in my room . Like a fan of any team , there have been good and bad times over the years . But sometimes the pain of being a Tiger fan is that much greater . Tragedy and heartbreak are part of it , such as when Holmes killed his girlfriend and then himself in 1997 . Other players , such as Aaron Price and A. Maceo Battle , have died far too young along the way , furthering the pain of being a fan . Larry Finch -- who as a black player brought together the city and took Memphis to its only national championship game in 1973 , and later became one of its greatest coaches -- has lived much of the past few years in a rehabilitation center after suffering severe strokes . In some ways , that 's what makes Memphis basketball so special . Memphis players embody the real life of so many Americans , many faced with extreme hard times . Some succeed ; some do n't . Others , such as Finch , keep on fighting . I do n't find it an accident that Memphis is now seeking history the same week of the 40th anniversary of the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. "  I think Dr. King would find this a source of joy , " the Rev. Jesse Jackson told the team this week , according to the Memphis Commercial Appeal newspaper . A city that has seen so much pain , so much heartache , has something huge to celebrate -- all revolving around young college kids and a bouncy orange ball . The adage is that sports often have the ability to transcend the moment . This is one of those times . To get to the championship game Monday night , Memphis must first get past UCLA , the same team that defeated it in that 1973 title game . While much of the rest of the nation has the team pegged to lose , the Tigers -- for one shining moment -- have a chance to do something really special . They 'd have it no other way . As for me ? I wo n't be listening on my old radio , but this weekend I might just try sporting that ` do like Keith Lee . The opinions expressed in this piece are solely those of the writers . E-mail to a friend	University of Memphis basketball has brought together whites , blacks , fan says Memphis team has a chance to do something really special in Final Four , he says Memphis players embody struggle and aspirations of many Americans , fan says
CNN  -- The family of Jules Bianchi , the Formula One racing driver who was critically injured at Sunday 's Japanese Grand Prix , have revealed that he is suffering from a "  diffuse axonal injury . " It is a potentially devastating type of brain injury which causes widespread tearing of nerve fibers across the whole of the brain , according to the UK brain injury charity , Headway . The 25-year-old Marussia driver remains in a critical but stable state , his family said in a statement released via the F1 team 's official Facebook page . "  Jules remains in the Intensive Care Unit of the Mie General Medical Center in Yokkaichi . He has suffered a diffuse axonal injury and is in a critical but stable condition , " the statement said . "  The medical professionals at the hospital are providing the very best treatment and care and we are grateful for everything they have done for Jules since his accident . " The Frenchman sustained his injuries after coming off the track and colliding with a recovery vehicle that was removing Adrian Sutil 's Sauber car -- the German driver had skidded off the track at turn seven moments earlier in a rain-affected race . "  This is a very difficult time for our family , but the messages of support and affection for Jules from all over the world have been a source of great comfort to us . We would like to express our sincere appreciation , " the statement said . "  We are also grateful for the presence of Professor Gerard Saillant , President of the FIA Medical Commission , and Professor Alessandro Frati , Neurosurgeon of the University of Rome La Sapienza , who has travelled to Japan at the request of Scuderia Ferrari . "  They arrived at the hospital today and met with the medical personnel responsible for Jules ' treatment , in order to be fully informed of his clinical status so that they are able to advise the family . "  The hospital will continue to monitor and treat Jules and further medical updates will be provided when appropriate . " Read more : Marussia request patience on Bianchi condition Read more : Bianchi suffers ` severe head injury '	Family of F1 driver injured at Sunday 's Japanese GP reveal further details on condition Jules Bianchi suffering from an "  diffuse axonal injury " according to family statement The injury causes widespread tearing of nerve fibers in brain , according to UK brain injury charity Bianchi collided with a recovery vehicle attempting to remove a competitor 's car at side of track
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho has admitted he was left angered by the decision to sell Zlatan Ibrahimovic to Barcelona , although the Inter Milan coach reveals he is delighted to welcome Samuel Eto'o to the San Siro . Jose Mourinho believes Inter Milan have done good business in selling Zlatan Ibrahimovic to Barcelona . Inter are on the verge of completing a deal which will see them receive 45 million euros  $ 64m  plus Eto'o for Ibrahimovic after both players agreed terms with their prospective clubs . Mourinho knows it will be a blow to lose last year 's leading goalscorer in Serie A but , speaking about the deal for the first time , admitted it is a fantastic bit of business . "  I was a bit angry because no coach is happy to lose Ibrahimovic , " the Portuguese told Sky Italia . "  But no one is not happy to have Eto'o -- we have lost a top player but we have taken another one . If I talk as a coach and a man on the pitch , I say that I do n't want to lose this player . If I talk as a manager , I say that Inter have done great business , " added Mourinho . Mourinho feels Ibrahimovic will adapt to life at the Nou Camp in no time but insists he would not make a similar move . "  He had this dream and wanted to go , " added the Nerazzurri coach . "  He told me he would miss me and I told him exactly the same thing . He 's going to a club in which I worked for four years , Barcelona are an extraordinary club and he will be happy . "  I did n't give him any advice but I spoke to him a few days before the final decision . I told him that if he wins the Champions League with Barcelona he wo n't be doing anything extraordinary , seeing as they have won it twice in three years . I like doing something extraordinary , not what 's normal . "	Jose Mourinho angered by the decision to sell Zlatan Ibrahimovic to Barcelona However , Inter Milan coach happy to welcome Samuel Eto'o to the Italian club Inter Milan to receive 45 million euros  $ 64m  plus Eto'o for Swede Ibrahimovic
CNN  -- NBA Hall of Famer Michael Jordan has been off the court for years ; now , he 's off the market . The sports star is getting married again , his publicist Estee R. Portnoy confirmed to CNN on Thursday . Jordan and longtime girlfriend , Yvette Prieto , got engaged on Christmas Day , CNN affiliate WCNC reported . The couple has been seen at various high-profile public events in recent years , including the Kentucky Derby , golf outings and vacations . Jordan led the Chicago Bulls to six championships -- two three-peats -- in the 1990s , before finishing his career with the Washington Wizards in 2003 . He retired twice -- the first time to play baseball , the second time to be with his family . Jordan and then-wife Juanita divorced in 2006 after 17 years of marriage . In 2007 , Forbes Magazine listed Jordan 's divorce as the costliest in celebrity history with a severance package exceeding $ 150 million . Viewed widely as the world 's greatest basketball player , Jordan , 48 , today is a cigar-chomping golfer and socialite . In 2010 , he became the first former player to be a majority owner of an NBA team , buying the Charlotte Bobcats . Instead of a basketball wife , Prieto enters the engagement largely as a golf wife , judging from her public appearances . In 2009 , during opening ceremonies for the Presidents Cup , she was seen alongside Nicki Stricker , the wife of PGA Tour star Steve Stricker , and Elin Nordegren , then-wife of Tiger Woods . Since his hoops days , Jordan has continued lucrative endorsement deals with corporate giants such as Coca-Cola , Hanes and Nike , which houses a subsidiary with his namesake , Jordan Brand . Jordan 's name has been in the news recently . His new Air Jordans caused a shopping frenzy around Christmas . Several incidents of violence were reported near shoe stores that sold the expensive sneakers . A wedding date for Jordan and Prieto has not been announced . CNN 's Jason Durand contributed to this report .	Couple has been seen at various high-profile public events in recent years Jordan led the Chicago Bulls to six championships -- two three-peats -- in the 1990s Marriage would be Jordan 's second ; he and Juanita Jordan divorced in 2006
DIR VALLEY , Pakistan  CNN  -- The rugged beauty of the expansive Dir Valley can mask the detail of what is happening on the ground . Pakistani soldiers look on from a mountain during a patrol in the troubled area of Maidan . In June , the Pakistani military organized a media tour to areas of the Lower Dir in North West Frontier Province that were under their control . The town of Maidan had been at the center of fierce fighting between Pakistan 's military forces and militants . Tension was visible on the faces of those escorting us . The IED  improvised explosive device  craters in the road and the bullet holes in our unarmed pickup trucks explained why . The direct fighting had stopped some days before , after opposition forces were reported killed or they disappeared into the surrounding hills and among the population . Under the watchful eye of government forces , anxious local residents were starting to return . A Pakistani army spokesperson now tells us that all of those who fled the town due to the fighting have returned home . They have a lot of rebuilding to do . Most of the structures we saw had some kind of damage to them from bullets or direct hits from artillery fire . One person who will likely not be returning anytime soon is the pro-Taliban cleric Sufi Muhammad , who brokered a short-lived deal between the Taliban and the government that allowed the Taliban to enforce Sharia law in the Swat Valley . But the deal collapsed and the government set off this offensive . Sufi Muhammad was arrested in Peshawar in late July , accused of encouraging violence . His ransacked house was the last stop on our tour .	The beautiful Dir Valley has been the scene of ferocious fighting against the Taliban Town of Maidan had been at center of fighting between military forces and militants Pakistani military show off pro-Taliban cleric Sufi Muhammad 's ransacked house
CNET  -- Yahoo 's Victor Tsaran knows how much time Web designers spend agonizing over color and font-width choices when laying out an application . So when he started Yahoo 's accessibility push two years ago , he had a tough time arousing sympathy for engineers grousing about how much extra time was needed to create accessibility features . Fortunately for Tsaran , Yahoo 's accessibility manager , he 's running into that problem less and less . Web designers are starting to take accessibility as seriously as button placement or heading layout when they develop their products , improving the Web experience not only for people like Tsaran -- who lost his sight at the age of five -- but for Web users in general . "  We 're seeing a lot more awareness and involvement in Web accessibility than we did a few years ago , particularly among big companies , " said Judy Brewer , director of the Web Accessibility Initiative  WAI  at the World Wide Web Consortium . "  It 's becoming a solid business expectation that Web sites need to meet the needs of all users . " At the two biggest Internet companies in the world , accessibility is seen as an increasingly important part of what they do . Yahoo requires every new hire to receive accessibility training from Tsaran and Alan Brightman , senior policy director of special communities . And it books engineering teams for tours of their Accessibility Lab . Google recently rolled out a service that will let YouTube users add captions to their videos , and believes that as the Web moves more from an era of presentation to an era of two-way "  data-driven " communication , accessibility becomes even more important , said Jonas Klink , accessibility program manager . Web accessibility has come a long way in the decade since many of these proposals were first floated . It 's still a challenge , however , for the Web community to remember that as it pushes forward with exciting new technologies like HTML5 that could reinvent the Internet experience , it must keep in mind the needs of those who ca n't type 60 words per minute , operate a mouse like a scalpel , or see the unobtrusive pop-up windows that point to the next destination on the page . "  As the Web gets more and more dynamic , the accessibility requirements get more and more interesting , and sometimes challenging , to implement , " Brewer said . The challenges There are about 60 million people in the U.S. who ca n't use a computer to get on the Internet in the normal fashion , said Yahoo 's Brightman . For those people , a mix of screen reader software , keyboards with special buttons , and even motion-sensing Web cameras must take the place of the mouse and QWERTY keyboard . That can cause problems for Web designers who rely too heavily on mouse navigation , or who design pages with special multimedia whiz-bang effects that look cool only to the people that can see them . "  There can be an assumption of homogeneity on the Web , " said Naomi Bilodeau , technical program manager for Google . Users of screen readers -- software that essentially reads out loud a description of text , links , and buttons on a page -- are confounded the most by Captchas and Flash Web pages , according to a recent survey of screen-reader users conducted by WebAIM . But simple things like photos or images can also create problems if the Web publisher does n't add alt text to those photos , or relies primarily on images as a way of explaining what is happening on the page . And as Web designers push forward with Javascript and AJAX-based technologies that overlay Web content over the primary Web page , there 's great potential to confuse screen readers . The good news is that most of these problems are n't as much technology issues as design issues ; content created with things like Flash can be made accessible if designers start off with that principle in mind . "  There are a bunch of things  in Web design  that are not features , " said Nicholas Zakas , principal front-end engineer for Yahoo 's home page , meaning that while you can jazz up a page all you like with additional features , there are certain things that should be standard fare . "  Performance is not a feature , internationalization is not a feature , and accessibility is not a feature . " However , features can make the Web more accessible . As mentioned , Google recently rolled out automatic captioning software for YouTube videos , making it much easier for deaf people to enjoy the world 's largest collection of cute cat videos . The automatic captioning technology is being rolled out first on YouTube 's Educational channel , allowing deaf or hearing-impaired people to take advantage of distance learning programs or other educational systems . It 's most definitely a work in progress , but with refinement could really add to the amount of knowledge that can be consumed by disabled people . "  I wanted this so badly  that  it 's good enough , I do n't care if there are some bad captions , " said Google 's Ken Harrenstien , a deaf software engineer who played an instrumental role in bringing the project to life . The reasons There are no explicit laws that companies design Web sites to be accessible to the disabled , but many disability experts and Web companies believe that portions of the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 do apply to the Internet , despite having been written several years before the Web emerged as a mainstream phenomenon . And in order to do business with the U.S. government , companies must comply with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act , which insists that electronic and information technology products sold to government agencies be designed with disabled employees in mind , and that government services produced by contractors consider disabled citizens in equal measure . But these are businesses , after all : Yahoo 's Brightman estimated that there 's about $ 220 billion in discretionary spending available to disabled people . Making a Web site accessible to as many people as possible is n't just the right thing to do , it also makes business sense , he said . Also , with a rapidly aging population in many parts of the world -- notably the U.S. -- accessibility requirements will become useful for today 's crop of baby boomers as they grow older . People over 65 are increasing their use of the Internet , according to Nielsen , and features designed for accessibility could aid those who are n't technically disabled but would n't mind a little extra help . The future The immediate challenge for those working on Web accessibility is to ensure that accessibility standards are not trampled in the rush to finalize the HTML5 collection of standards that Google and other Web browser companies are currently debating . Brewer said it 's "  extremely important to be sure that HTML5 can support accessibility fully , " and her group is working closely with the other parts of the W3C to realize that goal . But beyond that goal , Web accessibility advocates have reason to feel optimistic about their cause . Long-awaited technologies like sophisticated speech recognition are finally coming to fruition after decades of joking about how such capabilities were just two years away . And 46 percent of respondents to the WebAIM survey reported that Web content has become more accessible in recent years . "  Anybody should be able to use anything on this page , " said Yahoo 's Zakas , keeper of the all-important Yahoo.com page . "  If anybody ca n't use it , it should n't be there . " © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Web designers are starting to take accessibility very seriously About 60 million people in U.S. ca n't use the Internet in the normal fashion Photos or images can create problems if publisher does n't add alt text Sophisticated speech recognition technologies are finally coming to fruition
RollingStone.com  -- Marianne Faithfull said in a recent interview that her boyfriend at the time , a heroin dealer named Jean de Breteuil , was responsible for Doors frontman Jim Morrison 's death in the summer of 1971 . RS : Watch the Doors first interview in years The singer recalled a sense of foreboding when Breteuil told her he intended to visit the Doors frontman so she decided to stay at their hotel and take barbiturates . "  He went to see Jim Morrison and killed him , " Faithfull told Mojo . "  I mean , I 'm sure it was an accident . Poor bastard . The smack was too strong ? Yeah . And he died . And I did n't know anything about this . Anyway , everybody connected to the death of this poor guy is dead now . Except me . " RS : Hear Ex-Kyuss singer John Garcia 's duet with the Doors ' Robby Krieger In the same interview , Faithfull also discussed the fate of Amy Winehouse , another singer who died at age 27 of a drug overdose . "  Amy was very , very wary of me , " Faithfull said . "  She knew that I knew and she did n't want me to say anything . There 's a level of narcissism which is all mixed up with self-hatred . I know it well ... . But I ca n't think what I could have done apart from take her and shake her ! ` You stupid little c ** t ! Wake up ! ' " Faithfull said she was "  appalled " by the younger singer 's death . RS : Jim Morrison lives : The legacy of the Lizard King In September , Faithfull will release a new record , "  Give My Love to London , " which features songwriting collaborations with Roger Waters , Nick Cave , Steve Earle , Anna Calvi , Tom McRae and more . Her backing band on the record features members of Cave 's Bad Seeds and Portishead 's Adrian Utley . She also plans on publishing a book of photos from throughout her career with autobiographical captions , "  Marianne Faithfull : A Life on Record , " in October . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Faithfull said her former boyfriend was a heroin dealer She said everyone connected with the death is dead Faithfull said Amy Winehouse was wary of her
As Islamist militants battle Iraqi security forces for control of towns and cities not far from Baghdad , the capital has taken on the tense feel of a city under siege . There 's a heavy police and military presence on the streets and at checkpoints that sometimes appear to pop up overnight . Nowhere is the sense of fear more palpable than at Baghdad International Airport , where hundreds and hundreds of people wait in long security and check-in lines for one of the few , precious seats available on flights out of Iraq . For days , the United States has considered what to do about the militants , and on Thursday , U.S. President Barack Obama said he is prepared to send military advisers to Iraq , adding that America was not returning to a combat role in the country . The Pentagon earlier presented Obama with a plan to send up to 100 special forces advisers to Iraq to work along with that country 's military , several U.S. officials told CNN on Thursday . The U.S. withdrew its final troops from Iraq at the end of 2011 , nearly nine years after leading the invasion of Iraq that toppled longtime leader Saddam Hussein . As the al Qaeda splinter group ISIS , or the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , continues its fierce advance in Iraq , senior U.S. officials tell CNN that the Obama administration is of the belief that Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is not the leader Iraq needs to unify the country and end sectarian tensions . The officials , along with Arab diplomats , say the White House is now focused on a political transition that would move Iraqis toward a more inclusive government -- one without al-Maliki that would include Sunni , Shiite and Kurdish factions . The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Martin Dempsey , told Congress that the United States has received a request from the Iraqi government to use its air power in the conflict . Those discussions continued after Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul , fell last week to ISIS . The militants were barely opposed by Iraqi security forces , many of whom abandoned their weapons and fled their posts . Airlines adding flights Many people at the Baghdad airport are seeking safety in Iraq 's Kurdish-controlled north , particularly Irbil , or in the southern port city of Basra . Others are trying to get out of the country altogether . To accommodate the exodus , airlines have begun adding flights and , in some cases , much larger planes . Still , there are few seats available as most flights , according to travel agencies , are sold out weeks in advance . Where once there was one Iraqi Airways flight a day to the northern city of Irbil , there are now three . On Thursday , a Royal Jordanian flight flew from Amman to Baghdad nearly empty . But it is oversold for its return , a flight attendant said . The fighters are now within 40 miles of the capital , where at least three people were killed and 15 injured Thursday when a car bomb and two roadside bombs exploded in three separate areas , police officials there told CNN . A few miles outside of the Baghdad airport , dozens of men waited in lines in the sweltering sun to answer al-Maliki 's call to join the military 's fight against the Sunni extremists . The Prime Minister , whose Shia-dominated government is accused of fostering sectarian tensions by marginalizing Iraq 's Sunni and Kurd minorities , is facing growing calls from some quarters to stand down . Battle for Baiji oil refinery Meanwhile , Iraqi security forces and Islamist militants clashed again Thursday as they battled for control of the nation 's main oil refinery . Conflicting reports have emerged as to who has the upper hand . In a phone interview on state-run al-Iraqiya TV on Thursday , Col. Ali Al Qureshi , the commander of troops responsible for protecting the refinery in Baiji , some 140 miles north of Baghdad , said Iraqi armed forces were in full control . He said the militants had suffered dozens of casualties in the course of multiple attacks but had failed to take the refinery complex . But police officials in Samarra and Baghdad said ISIS fighters control 60 % of the oil refinery . Dozens of vehicles full of militants launched a fresh assault on the sprawling refinery complex around 4 a.m. local time Thursday , the police officials said . Iraqi security forces are still trying to expel them and regain the control . Al-Iraqiya television reported that 40 "  ISIS terrorists " were killed during the clashes . The Baiji refinery is a key strategic resource because it refines much of the fuel needed for internal consumption . There are already long lines at many gas stations across the country . Iraq is also a major exporter of fuel from oil fields in the country 's south . As the U.N. World Food Programme highlighted the plight of a half-million Iraqis forced from their homes by days of fighting , the European Union announced it would give an additional 5 million euros  $ 6.8 million  in assistance to Iraq , taking the total to 12 million euros this year . "  This fresh wave of violence has terrible consequences for vulnerable children , women and men , " said EU official Kristalina Georgieva . Militants seize Al Muthanna complex Also on Thursday , ISIS militants took control of a facility Saddam Hussein once used to produce and store chemical weapons . But the State Department doubts that the Al Muthanna complex contains any material of "  military value . " "  The materials in the bunkers , which date from the 1980s , are of little military value and would be very difficult to safely move , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Thursday . But "  the materials pose serious health hazards to anyone attempting to access the bunkers . " Calls for change of leadership Al-Maliki struck a defiant tone Wednesday in a televised weekly address , saying Iraqi forces were on the "  on the rebound " after their initial shock in the face of the militants ' lightning advance . "  We will respond and keep the momentum , " al-Maliki said . But despite al-Maliki 's words , there 's a growing chorus of calls -- both in Washington and in the Arab world -- for him to go if there is to be any hope of unifying Iraq as the Islamic militants advance . There 's hope that a government bringing the Sunnis and Kurds into the political process would curb sympathies for ISIS by those who find themselves on the outside . However , al-Maliki maintains a strong grip on power and his party recently won national elections . The Prime Minister 's office has not received any official statement asking for him to step down , al-Maliki adviser Ali al-Moussawi told CNN on Thursday . "  Nobody said this , and we have not received any official statement suggesting that al-Maliki has to leave his position , " al-Moussawi said . While some on Capitol Hill are n't shy about saying his days as the Iraqi leader should come to an end , at the White House it 's more of a whisper . The lightning-fast advance by ISIS has seen large portions of northern Iraq fall under its control . ISIS wants to establish a caliphate , or Islamic state , that would stretch from Iraq into northern Syria . Curbing sympathies A change in government in Iraq ca n't come too soon for some in Washington Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , the head of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said al-Maliki has to be convinced that it 's in the country 's best interest for him to retire . "  I think that most of us that have followed this are really convinced that the Maliki government , candidly , has got to go if you want any reconciliation , " she said this week . Publicly though , the White House is n't being as direct . Earlier this week in a Yahoo News interview , Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States should n't be dictating to the Iraqi people that al-Maliki needs to resign . "  Now , we clearly can play an encouraging , consultative role in helping them to achieve that transition , and we have people on the ground right now , " he said . U.S. options On Wednesday , Obama huddled with congressional leaders , briefing them on options he is considering . A few hours earlier , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Dempsey said they were working out details on possible U.S. steps that could include airstrikes on Sunni militants advancing through northern Iraq . House Speaker John Boehner demanded that Obama lay out a "  broader strategy " but sidestepped a question about whether he supported airstrikes . Meanwhile , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid spoke out forcefully against sending U.S. service members into Iraq . "  This is an Iraqi civil war , and it is time for Iraqis to resolve it themselves , " he said . In their meeting , Obama effectively told congressional leaders that while he 'd let them know what was going on , he did n't need any new permission to act in Iraq . While a White House statement emphasized that Obama would continue to consult with Congress , Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said the President "  basically just briefed us on the situation in Iraq and indicated he did n't feel he had any need for authority from us for the steps that he might take . " Several military sources have confirmed to CNN that manned reconnaissance flights over Iraq to collect up-to-the-minute intelligence on ISIS movements and positions have begun . Unmanned reconnaissance flights have been going on already for several days . Transcript : Obama 's remarks on U.S. response to Iraq crisis Obama announces military advisers going to Iraq Current fighting pushes Iraqi refugee population past 1 million	President Obama says he prepared to send military advisers to Iraq There are long lines at Baghdad International Airport as nervous Iraqis seek to flee Police : ISIS controls 60 % of Baiji oil refinery ; military commander : Iraqi forces fully control it EU to give an additional 5 million euros  $ 6.8 million  in aid to Iraq
CNN  -- Last week Germany levied a fine against Google for one of the biggest wiretapping violations in history . The fine ? Less than $ 200,000 . Google 's net profits in 2012 ? More than $ 10 billion . Imagine a driver of a fancy car caught for speeding and then asked to pay a nickel . Google got off easier . Over several years and in countries around the world , Google drove cars with cameras mounted on the roof through communities and residential neighborhoods . Google said that it was gathering images to improve its "  Street View " mapping program . But Google was also secretly collecting information about Internet access points in private homes and intercepting personal communications across wi-fi networks . A privacy official in Germany had suspected that this was happening , but was repeatedly reassured by Google that it was n't . When the official actually removed the hard drive from a Google vehicle , the true story came out . Investigations were launched in more than a dozen countries . "  Street View " became "  Spy-Fi . " The Canadian privacy commissioner determined that the company had obtained medical records and financial records , private e-mails and passwords . In the United States , a group of attorneys general levied a $ 7 million fine against the company , after federal agencies in Washington failed to act . Google apologized , stopped collecting the wi-fi data  but not the location data  and promised to improve its privacy practices . Last week , the German official who triggered the original investigation announced the 145,000-euro fine , almost the largest amount allowed under European law , though insignificant for a company the size of Google . The public official was clearly unhappy about the outcome and told The New York Times , "  As long as violations of data protection law are penalized with such insignificant sums , the ability of existing laws to protect personal privacy in the digital world , with its high potential for abuse , is barely possible . " As the public concern about privacy is increasing , the failure of public agencies to take forceful action is becoming a problem . In the United States , the Federal Trade Commission announced important settlements with Facebook and Google back in 2011 , but it has been reluctant to take any meaningful enforcement action since . Even after Google consolidated all of the data from across its 60 plus services last year into one data policy to "  rule them all , " the FTC remained silent . The Federal Communications Commission launched an investigation of Street View but levied only a $ 25,000 fine , even less than the amount in Germany , and that was for Google 's obstruction during the investigation . Increasingly , Internet companies are advocating "  self-regulation " and weak-willed politicians are telling users , "  check your privacy settings , be careful what you post . " In other words , you are on your own . That is terrible advice coming from those who know that users can do little to protect their data . User data is gathered surreptitiously , few users have the ability or time to know how it is collected , and even good privacy policies change quickly . It was only Mr. Casper 's persistence that made it possible to challenge Google 's data collection practices . It would have been impossible for those whose wi-fi communications were intercepted to know that their data was gathered by Google , let alone enforce privacy rights against the company . That is why it is important for officials to pursue investigations , enforce laws and impose significant penalties when warranted . The failure to enforce privacy laws is bad not only for Internet users , but also for smaller companies and innovative firms that are developing services that comply with privacy law . The success of "  Privacy by Design , " and other new approaches , depends on countries enforcing their laws . If they see their larger competitors get away with cutting corners , the message will be that they , too , can ignore the laws . This will lead to a vicious spiral that governments must avoid . In Europe , governments recognize the need to update and strengthen privacy laws . Efforts are under way to improve privacy protections . That will help consumers and Internet users all around the world as companies adopt better safeguards for personal data . In the United States , President Obama has called for a Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights and recommended the adoption of new privacy law . It is a good , forward-looking proposal that builds on existing law and addresses a key concern of Internet users today . Another proposal now in California would give Internet users the right to know the information private firms collect about them . It is a clever approach to privacy that does not restrict data collection ; it simply makes companies more accountable to users . But it is not easy to enact new laws , particularly when large companies have so much influence over the political process . Still , there are many public officials who must share the frustration of Mr. Casper . Privacy protection without enforcement is no protection at all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marc Rotenberg .	Marc Rotenberg : Germany levied small fine on Google for gathering people 's private info Fine was less than $ 200,000 . Google made $ 10 billion in 2010 . Fine has no teeth , he says Public agencies failing to strengthen laws on companies that threaten privacy , he says Rotenberg : Proposed Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights a good step toward enforcement
CNN  -- This is the tale of Peter Rabbit , but not the classic version that Beatrix Potter created . Instead , this particular Peter Rabbit is one of 65 tattered , matted but , most importantly , cherished stuffed toys and teddy bears that photographer Mark Nixon features in "  Much Loved "  Abrams Image  , a book that comes out October 29 . Nixon said the inspiration for the photo series came from his son , Calum , who was very attached to the plush rabbit since birth . When the Dublin , Ireland-based photographer put out the initial inquiry for "  loved to bits " teddies , he said he expected most of the submissions to come from children , but adults soon wanted to take part as well . "  It was as though they had been keeping a long-held secret and could finally tell someone what their teddies really meant to them , " he writes in the book 's foreword . While many of the bears are eerily dismembered , Nixon said that wornness is the ultimate indication of a teddy "  much loved . " What was your beloved childhood toy ? Tell us in the comments , or share it with us on Twitter @CNNLiving , with the hashtag #CNNparents !	Mark Nixon 's photos were inspired by his son 's attachment to a stuffed animal Nixon says the stories of the bears are just as integral as the photos The book of photos will be released on October 29
CNN  A large storm system dubbed Typhoon Maysak is churning over the Pacific Ocean , days away from a possible direct hit on the Philippines . Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia , according to the U.S. Joint Typhoon Warning Center . Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday , though the country 's residents could start feeling its effects days before . That could interrupt the Easter celebration for many in the predominantly Catholic nation , which may be socked by heavy rains and potent winds . The International Red Cross noted that "  many people are expected to throng coastal areas at this time . " Images of the typhoon as seen from the International Space Station were posted to Twitter , including a Vine video showing the swirling eye of the storm . The storm has weakened and is expected to lose more strength before it reaches the Philippines . Its maximum sustained winds on Wednesday were 150 mph , making it a super typhoon in the Joint Typhoon Warning Center 's definition . But by Thursday , the winds ' strength had declined to around 132 mph -- no longer a super typhoon but still the equivalent of a Category 4 hurricane . Meteorologist Ivan Cabrera told CNN that Maysak could weaken further to become a tropical storm by the time it reaches the Philippine coast . "  This will not be a catastrophic storm , " Cabrera said . That said , it could still cause flooding and bring strong winds , he cautioned . The Philippines is frequently hit by typhoons . In December , for instance , Hagupit killed at least 18 people in the East Asian nation and injured hundreds more . But that devastation paled in comparison to the havoc wrought by Super Typhoon Haiyan in November 2013 , which killed more than 6,000 people and injured more than 27,000 others . That typhoon , considered to be among the strongest storms ever to make landfall , hit the eastern city of Tacloban especially hard . The irony of the upcoming storm is its timing : in April , just after the Philippines Atmospheric Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration officially declared the onset of the nation 's dry , or summer , season . PAGASA meteorologist Shelley Ignacio predicts Maysak -- which is called Chedeng in the Philippines -- will bring heavy rains to Luzon starting on Friday , according to the state-run Philippines News Agency . The country 's National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council went on red alert on Wednesday because of the storm , the news agency reports . That alert means all relevant personnel are on standby and the public should be on guard for possible effects of the storm . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Maysak has sustained winds of more than 130 mph but is expected to weaken It 's forecast to hit the Philippines during the Easter weekend
Bwindi Impenetrable National Park , Uganda  CNN  -- The forest was in charge . I knew it the moment I gazed at its dense green overcoat , searching for cracks of daylight in its chaotic folds . Inspiring in the morning kiss of gentle light rays ; sulky under a black afternoon cloud ; serene in the falling dusk , as the haze of twilight accentuated its mystery . I was in Uganda 's Bwindi Impenetrable National Park , part of a guided trek to see some of its 300 endangered mountain gorillas . The moment I stepped in I surrendered . It was humid and dark and the dense , feisty foliage that enveloped me was dismissive at times , taunting at others . All the trekkers were handed a tall narrow stick to help navigate through the slippery slopes . The moist leaves scattered on the soil demanded balance , stinging nettles and hiding holes urged utmost caution , centuries-old greenery wrapped its arms around me , challenging me to hack through the twisted vines and untested trails . It tripped me over again , slipping , sliding . I grit my teeth knowing the forest was forcing me to want the prize it hid in its shape-shifting bosom . The target : a group of eight gorillas , one silverback and his eight babes . Three sweltering hours that drew blood and inflicted bruises , yet I pushed on , realizing the forest would not give me something for nothing . One Olympic obstacle course after the other , crisp slices of machetes hacked the twines , daring the forest to dissuade us . Three hours of grueling walking scattered with hard landings . No matter how contorted I became , the forest kept a piece of itself handy to cling on to , a mini consolation prize hinting that it was , after all , on my side . I could almost hear its heaving chuckles as I disentangled myself from ropes of thorns . "  Keep going , " the rangers called out as I felt the sweat dribble down my back . No matter how much I wanted out , I had to push on , because there was no way out without rangers slicing pathways through the wild bush . I received a painful sting from a large black creature with loud wings ; I ignored it and walked on with my muddy water-logged shoes , and the threat of rain . "  We 're here , " the lead ranger whispered , stopping dead still and turning up the drama , punctuated by a light breeze that picked up along with a list of rules of gorilla engagement , which we absorbed . "  Stay seven meters away . " "  If you want to cough or sneeze , turn away , you could infect them with your germs . " "  One hour only . " It was a rare 60 minutes , the shortest , the most fascinating . I lifted my eyes and there she was , a giant gorilla clinging onto a tree trunk , sucking the bark out of an apparently delicious eucalyptus tree , getting tipsy ; sitting in shade , munching shoots and leaves , and then nonchalantly striding by . I observed their powerful arms , elegant posture , and the occasional eye contact made me feel connected . They are intimidating and gentle , protective and patient , flirtatious and fearsome , at the same time . Protected by a hardcore ring of black backs , a mother nursed a three-week-old gorilla . It was a rare and moving sight . She hid her offspring under her belly , "  protection from vultures , " we were told . Immersed in their world , listening to their language , the beat of their group , the simple raw reality of their lives and tribe , I forgot my complex world . Gallery : A bird 's - eye view of the Savannah	CNN 's Zain Verjee made a trip to Uganda to see giant mountain gorillas She faced an arduous trek through the aptly named Bwindi Impenetrable National Park The park is a home to some 300 of the endangered mountain gorillas
