CNN  U.S. teenager Mikaela Shiffrin was crowned slalom skiing 's "  Snow Queen " Sunday as she won her second World Cup race of the season in Zagreb , Croatia . The reigning Olympic champion posted the fastest two-run aggregate time of one minute , 56.66 seconds to finish fully 1.68 seconds ahead of second-place Kathrin Zettel of Austria , the biggest winning margin in the 10-year history of the Zagreb event . "  This felt incredible , it 's such a tough and long hill but they prepare it so well and make it really fun , " Shiffrin said in comments carried FIS website . The 19-year-old sat upon a throne on the podium and was handed a crystal crown to signify her victory and ascent to sporting royalty . The Zagreb slalom is dubbed the Snow Queen Trophy in honor of Croatian skier Janica Kostelic who was dubbed the "  Snow Queen " throughout a successful career that was cut short in 2007 due to persistent health and injury problems . "  I was trying not to focus on the lead I had in the first run and just going for it all , " Shiffrin continued . "  It was really icy and I love that kind of surface , my skis were holding up amazing . " "  The hill really held up for everybody so I think it was a really fair race . " Norway 's Nina Loseth earned her first career podium by finishing 2.79 seconds behind Shiffrin in third place while overall slalom discipline leader Frida Hansdotter finished in fourth . Slovenian star Tina Maize , one of the pre-race favorites alongside Shiffrin , finished back in fifth but did enough to stay atop the overall World Cup . Shiffrin is currently second in the slalom standings after five races and second in the overall World Cup standings after 15 races .	Mikaela Shiffrin crowned "  Snow Queen " in Zagreb , Croatia U.S. teenager won slalom event by record margin Shiffrin second in overall World Cup standings
Al Qaeda-linked rebels in northern Mali destroyed historic and religious landmarks in Timbuktu on Thursday , claiming the relics are idolatrous , residents told CNN . Three four-wheel-drive trucks carrying at least 30 armed fighters arrived Thursday morning at three mausolea -- all U.N. World Heritage sites -- in the southern Timbuktu neighborhood of Kabara , two residents told CNN by phone . "  They started destroying the first mausoleum 's wooden door with their axes , " said Ibrahim Ag Mohamed , a guide . "  Then they went inside and burned the cloth covering the grave before destroying the building with picks and axes . " Opinion : Attack on Timbuktu tomb is an attack on our humanity The mausolea , one of which held the remains of a religious leader and the founder of the neighborhood , were destroyed within an hour , Ag Mohamed said . "  The local Islamists were reinforced by between 30-40 men carrying Kalashnikovs and axes , " said Sankoum Sissoko , another resident . "  They started destroying the mausolea and did n't finish until they had turned the tomb into rubble , " he said . Area residents , too afraid to try to stop the destruction , simply watched , he said . "  After the attack , the Islamists told the people that worshiping saints is not right , according to their form of Islam , and the destruction was necessary , " he continued . Thursday 's attack was at least the fourth this year on Timbukto 's historic tombs , said Osmane Halle , the former mayor of Timbuktu . Read more : Militant Islamist groups destroy shrines in Mali International outrage has been growing over the destruction of the West African nation 's shrines . The United States and a number of other nations have condemned previous attacks on Mali 's historic tombs . Chaos has rocked the country since March , when a military ruler overthrew the democratically elected president , shaking what had been one of West Africa 's most stable democracies . The coup leader stepped down in May and transferred power to a civilian transitional government , but uncertainty looms . Ethnic Tuareg rebels and other Islamist militants have taken advantage of the uncertainty to seize control of the northern portion of the country , including Timbuktu . Read more : Mali hunger crisis deepens Ansar Dine , an al Qaeda-linked group claiming control of the city , is blamed for the attacks on historical landmarks . The picturesque city , considered an important destination for Islamic scholars , features a number of ancient and prominent burial sites . Islamist militants regard such shrines as idolatrous and thus prohibited by their religion . They have targeted Sufi shrines , which they say they are sacrilegious . Sufism is a mystical dimension of Islam considered offbeat by Islamic hardliners , who frown upon it . The Sufis , who took Islam to much of sub-Saharan Africa , dance , pray and preach using drama and humor . Read more : Fear grows as Mali extremists compile list of unmarried mothers "  If the Islamists continue in this way , there will be nothing left of Timbuktu 's sacred heritage that made it famous all over the world , " Halle said . "  I ask the international community to help Mali find a solution to the country 's problem , no matter if it 's a military intervention or negotiations , this has to end . " Last week , the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution that gave regional leaders until November 19 to provide plans for an international military intervention that would oust rebels from northern Mali . The resolution , which passed by a unanimous vote , calls for retaking the region from al-Qaeda-linked rebels . In a similar attack in 2001 , the Taliban destroyed ancient Buddhist relics in Afghanistan . Opinion : Is Mali al Qaeda 's last chance for a country ?	Residents say 3 mausolea were destroyed They were all U.N. World Heritage sites Islamist militants regard such shrines as idolatrous
New York  CNN  -- Fox News and potential presidential candidate Ben Carson went their separate ways last week . Is Fox host and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee next ? The tension between Huckabee 's current job and possible future job has been laid bare in a number of recent news stories . Huckabee , who sought the Republican nomination for president in 2008 , is clearly considering a second run -- which would mean he 'd have to give up his Saturday night show on Fox News . On Wednesday , Fox News executive vice president of programming Bill Shine indicated that a decision might be made soon . "  We are taking a serious look at Governor Huckabee 's recent activity in the political arena and are evaluating his current status , " Shine said in a statement to CNN . "  We plan on meeting with him when he returns from his trip overseas . " Due to Huckabee 's trip , this Saturday 's edition of his show has already been taped . The show , titled "  Huckabee , " typically draws about 1.3 million viewers on Saturdays , making it a valuable platform for anyone who might want to run for office in the future . Fox News has been a home for any number of prospective candidates in the past , including Newt Gingrich , Rick Santorum , and Sarah Palin . The cable channel has a policy that requires a person 's contract to be terminated if the person forms an exploratory committee . Sometimes it severs ties with political types before they even take that step . Last week Carson -- who has been mulling a presidential bid -- confirmed that his paid contributor arrangement with Fox had been terminated . "  Fox News felt I needed complete independence to fully examine my options , " Carson said in a statement . "  My departure has been thoroughly amicable and is in the best interest for both Fox News and myself . " Carson was just a paid commentator -- Huckabee has a much higher profile on Fox , given that he has a weekly program . The Washington Post reported on Wednesday that Huckabee is "  reconnecting with activists , " seeking staff members and meeting with potential donors in advance of a potential presidential race . "  Advisers are already scouting real estate in Little Rock , Ark. , for a possible presidential campaign headquarters , " The Post reported . Huckabee acknowledged in an interview with The Post that he has "  obligations in broadcasting " and thus "  I have to be very careful about this . " A few weeks ago , in an interview with RealClearPolitics , Huckabee described how his show on Fox had helped him on the future-campaign trail in Iowa and elsewhere . Eight years ago , "  they did n't recognize me , and that was true all over the country , " he said . "  And now I come back , and I 've been in these people 's homes every week . "  Imagine the envy that some other prospective 2016 presidential candidates probably feel while reading that . Media Matters , a liberal watchdog group that scrutinizes and criticizes Fox , said Wednesday that "  Huckabee has provided just as much evidence he plans to run for president as Carson " and called on Fox to drop Huckabee . "  If the network is actually serious about not wanting to keep political candidates on its payroll , it should suspend Huckabee , " the group said in a statement .	Fox News said Wednesday that the network is reviewing Mike Huckabee 's political activity Huckabee has a show that airs on the network on Saturday nights Huckabee is also considering another run for the GOP nomination for president
CNN  -- An Interpol investigation into social networking groups exchanging child abuse material has targeted 55 key suspects in 20 countries , including the United States , and 12 children have been identified and removed from harm , the agency said Tuesday . An unspecified number of the suspects have been arrested , said Interpol , the world 's largest international police organization . The international operation , which targeted child sexual abusers trading online images , identified suspects in 19 other countries : Australia , Bosnia , Brazil , Chile , Costa Rica , England , Finland , France , Germany , Indonesia , Italy , Mexico , Norway , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , The Netherlands , Tunisia , Turkey , and Venezuela , Interpol said . The covert online investigation began in October 2010 in New Zealand , where authorities alerted Interpol 's crimes against children team after discovering Facebook , Socialgo and grou.ps were being used to exchange significant amounts of "  abusive and exploitative pictures , " Interpol said in a statement . Working with U.S. authorities , the Interpol inquiry found about 80 groups "  engaged in the display or distribution of previously seen and unseen child sexual abuse images , " Interpol said . Facebook officials assisted the investigation after authorities identified key targets and their associated groups , Interpol said . Maarten Quivooy , general manager of New Zealand 's Regulatory Compliance Operations , said the Internet destroys jurisdictional boundaries and that protecting children is now a global responsibility . "  Trading in or viewing these images is ... offending because it involves real children often being abused both in real time and over time , and when these images of children being sexually abused are released onto the Internet , they live on forever , " Quivooy said in a statement . "  Terms such as kiddiporn and child pornography make the physical sexual abuse of a child appear consenting . No child is capable of consenting to sexual activity â $ " therefore all sexual depiction of children is abuse , " he said . Mick Moran , the head of Interpol 's crimes against children unit , said the operation highlighted international cooperation . "  While disrupting these networks is a significant part of the investigation , what is more important is that innocent children and in some cases babies have been rescued from physical abuse , " Moran said in a statement . U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton said his agency will "  work tirelessly with our international law enforcement partners to protect children wherever they live and to bring justice to criminals wherever they operate . " The 55 suspects allegedly created groups that posted images of children under age 13 being abused , Interpol said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Suspects in 20 countries , including U.S. , use Facebook and other social network sites Interpol : The 55 suspects formed groups to show or distribute images of child sexual abuse Facebook assists in the Interpol investigation A number of the suspects have been arrested , Interpol says
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Kept in a derelict warehouse at Baghdad 's airport for months , sleeping four to a bed with poor food and no money , hundreds of would-be contract workers are stranded , claiming they were duped by unscrupulous recruiting agents into coming to Iraq for nonexistent jobs . Men staying in an airport warehouse say they paid recruiters to take them to Iraq , believing they 'd get jobs . The recruiters told the men -- from India , Nepal , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka and Uganda -- that jobs were waiting for them with American defense contractor KBR , through a Kuwaiti company called Najlaa Catering Services . The recruiting agents charged them between $ 3,000 and $ 5,000 to make the trip to Iraq ; many sold their farms or other valuables to raise the money . But when they arrived in Baghdad , they said , Najlaa housed about 1,000 of them -- 600 in the one-room warehouse -- in the compound within the airport , surrounded by private security guards . Showers are there , but are useless because the taps are nonfunctional . Many have questions about their visas and status in Iraq . Legally unable to stay , they lack the money to return home . Asked if their governments were helping them , the men said , "  Nothing , nothing . " They said that when they protested , their guards fired guns upward to silence them . Watch footage of the men , warehouse " Najlaa 's officials in Iraq refused comment to CNN . The company 's Kuwaiti office said the situation was "  under control " and being dealt with . Some Ugandan men said the Iraqi police handcuffed and beat them . "  They say , ` If you are here for the U.S. , we 're going to show you the difference between the U.S. government and the Iraqi government . Let 's see if the U.S. is going to help you , ' " one man said . Iraqi police would not answer questions regarding those allegations . As the men spoke to CNN on camera , an official in charge of them threatened to lock them out of the compound unless they returned inside within two minutes . KBR was not involved in recruiting the men . The company told CNN it does not condone unethical behavior , saying its contractors abide by its code of conduct , including training in human trafficking . The company said when it becomes aware of possible trafficking it works "  to remediate the problem and report the matter to proper authorities . KBR then works with authorities to rectify the matter . " Meanwhile , men at a separate makeshift camp nearby said they were duped by different recruiters . They live off food donated by Iraqi workers , and say the men who brought them to Iraq have disappeared . The men in the makeshift camp said their immigration status is in limbo . Their passports have been taken , or pages with visas have been torn out . Help may be on the way . The men said United Nations workers had visited them . The world organization told CNN it is aware of the situation and is figuring out how to assist the men . The U.S. military told CNN it takes human rights abuses seriously and is looking into the matter . The Iraqi government has also confiscated the passport of a Najlaa official until a solution is found . But for the stranded men , help ca n't come soon enough . "  It 's not fair , " one said . CNN 's Thomas Evans and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Men claim recruiters duped them into going to Iraq for nonexistent jobs Men say they were charged between $ 3,000 and $ 5,000 to make the trip One group staying in derelict warehouse in Baghdad ; another in makeshift camp United Nations says it is trying to determine how to help the men
Houston  CNN  -- In the days and weeks to come , Rep. Gabrielle Giffords ' recovery from a gunshot wound to the head will be a marathon , not a sprint , doctors say . Nearly three weeks after her brain injury , there are several acute medical issues to be concerned about , according to doctors not involved with her care . It could take months -- or longer -- for her to get back to where she was before the bullet ripped through her brain . One immediate worry is an infection in her brain , according to Dr. Greg Zorman , chief of neurosurgery at Memorial Healthcare System in southern Florida . "  With gunshot wounds to the head , an infection can still happen , even this late , " Zorman said . The other concern is the buildup of fluid in the brain . Giffords had hydrocephalus after she was shot , a condition where an excess of cerebral-spinal fluid puts pressure on the brain . Surgeons in Arizona implanted a drain to get rid of the fluid , and on Monday , Dr. Dong Kim , Giffords ' neurosurgeon in Houston , removed the drain , saying she no longer needed it . Zorman said doctors will be monitoring Giffords closely to make sure the excess fluid does n't return . Giffords on Wednesday moved from the intensive care unit to the Institute for Rehabilitation and Research  TIRR  at Memorial Hermann in Houston , where she 'll undergo physical , occupational and speech therapy to try to get her brain back to where it once was . Her doctors there are optimistic . "  It 's only been a few weeks since this happened and she has been tolerating our aggressive therapy program , " Dr. Gerard Francisco , chief medical officer at TIRR Memorial Herman , told CNN 's "  American Morning . " That program began as soon as Giffords arrived in Houston after being transferred from Tucson , Arizona 's University Medical Center , he said , and has been upgraded . Neurosurgeons on Giffords ' team describe the brain fluid situation as "  stable , " Francisco said , "  but we 're going to monitor that . " "  Neural recovery is a hurry up and wait situation , " Zorman said . "  Recovering from that injury just takes time . " One of the first things doctors will do is try to get Giffords back to a regular schedule , said Dr. Alan Novick , medical director of rehabilitation for Memorial Healthcare System . "  In the intensive care unit , patients get their days and nights mixed up . " Rehab doctors will give Giffords a series of tests to assess her physical and cognitive abilities , he said . For example , they might ask her to draw a clock . "  It sounds simple , but sometimes they 'll put in the wrong numbers , or put all the numbers on the right hand side , " he explained . "  That shows us which part of the brain is having issues . " Another area doctors will look at is called "  executive function , " or the ability to incorporate many different thoughts all at the same time . "  In our everyday lives , there are snippets of info coming in all at once , and we integrate multiple things that are going on at the same time , " said Dr. Ross Zafonte , chairman of the department of physical medicine and rehabilitation at Harvard Medical School . "  Obviously , she was really good at that , and hopefully she will be again , " he said . With a brain injury , functioning may be impaired depending on what area of the brain was damaged , Francisco said . Doctors will watch Giffords ' functioning closely and modify her therapy program "  to address individual impairments and deficits , " he said . Still , Francisco said he continues to be surprised at the speed of Giffords ' recovery . "  When I see her every day , there is something new , " he said . That has been a challenge to her medical team , but provides them opportunities to challenge her as well , he said . Trying to become the person you once were can be very trying , doctors said . "  Emotionally , this kind of recovery can be very difficult , " Zafonte said . "  Depression rates in this situation are well over 50 % . " Some brain injuries affect not just a patient 's emotional state , but their basic personality . "  They may have different behaviors , " Novick said . "  Spouses and other family members have to relate to a person who was not necessarily the same person they knew before the injury . " All of this requires patience from the patients and their families . "  People like  Giffords  often have a rocky road , " Zafonte said . "  But they often get to places that surprise us , and surprise them . "	NEW : Giffords ' doctors say she is undergoing "  aggressive therapy " Doctors : It could take months -- or longer -- for her to get back to where she was One immediate worry is an infection in her brain The other concern is the buildup of fluid in the brain
CNN  Madonna has a thing for making out with fellow performers on stage . First it was Britney and Christina , and now rapper Drake has been on the receiving end of a little lip action from Madge . While the blondes had fun with it , Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna 's prolonged smooch onstage at the Coachella music festival in California on Sunday . In an update Monday from "  champagnepapi " himself on Instagram , the rapper clarified his reaction : "  Do n't misinterpret my shock !! I got to make out with the queen Madonna and I feel 100 about that forever . Thank you @Madonna . " After the kiss , though , he seemed dazed . "  Oh , s *** . What the f *** just happened ? " he asked moments later from the stage . It all went down after Drake performed "  Madonna , " a song named for the megastar off his new mixtape "  If You 're Reading This It 's Too Late , " according to Billboard . He welcomed Madonna onstage as a special guest to perform a few songs . While wrapping up "  Human Nature , " the Material Girl , 56 , planted one on the seated Drake , 28 , who began to flail his arms after a while in an apparent attempt to escape . His sour face after the encounter led many to speculate that he did n't enjoy the kiss . Of course , Drake and Madonna 's little makeout sesh got the web talking and meme-ing : "  So @Drake proves that kissing @Madonna is about as ghastly as I always imagined it would be , " wrote former CNN personality Piers Morgan . "  Grandma : give Nana some suga Drake : no no noooooo !!! " wrote another Tweeter .	Drake thanks Madonna and says he "  got to make out with the queen " Singer Madonna kisses rapper Drake onstage at Coachella Drake 's reaction was priceless , according to the Web
CNN  -- "  Mass Effect 3 , " the final installment in the tale of Commander Shepard and his fight to save the universe , brings the series to a resounding and satisfying crescendo with tight combat , excellent storytelling and majestic visual effects . Released in the United States on Tuesday , the game finds Shepard once again facing off against the Reapers , a race of sentient machines bent on eliminating all intelligent life in the universe . This time , the Reapers have come for Earth and Shepard must rally alien races from around the Milky Way to destroy this mechanical menace once and for all . As in other "  Mass Effect " games , players take on the role of Shepard and have many options to craft him  or her  any way they want . Six different classes , from soldier to sentinel , allow players to emphasize different strengths and powers -- including "  biotic " telekinetic powers . More inclined to straight-up combat ? Choose a soldier or infiltrator . Would rather use the aforementioned biotics ? Try being an adept or engineer . If you are looking for a good blend , choose a vanguard or sentinel . The options allow players to find a character that best suits their style of play . How you play also affects character development . As in previous games , the way Shepard talks to and treats others is measured in "  paragon/renegade " bonuses . Being helpful or friendly raises your "  paragon " rating while being abrasive or uncaring raises your "  renegade " score . Both affect how you are treated by other characters in the future and can definitely alter events later in the game . All those options create the character that is cast into an epic story that has been eight years in the making . Players who have played "  Mass Effect 2 " can import characters from older games , allowing pre-existing story lines to continue and for choices made in those games to be reflected in the new one . New players will get into the major plot lines quickly and easily , though , and wo n't feel like they are missing anything . The game will have players hopping around the galaxy as Shepard recruits allies and builds up supplies from the multitude of races in the Milky Way . Of course , both the Reapers and Cerberus , a terrorist organization bent on human supremacy at any cost , cause problems for Shepard and his crew along the way . Old friends return , new alliances are made and players will make choices that determine their ultimate success or failure in defeating the Reapers . Despite all the side missions and interactions , the main point remains taking back Earth . Planet-scanning for "  treasure " returns , but is vastly improved over what it was in "  Mass Effect 2 . " Rather than having to survey and mine each planet for resources that may or may not be there , players can scan the system and find loot much faster than before . The treasure can be war assets  which are important in the final scenario  , artifacts that can be sold or traded , intelligence about different factions or fuel for your spacecraft -- a welcome improvement from an experienced player 's perspective . Invariably , there will be combat . Whether you choose to concentrate on biotic powers or weaponry , you are going to have to pick up a gun and shoot . The game offers a good selection of pistols , shotguns , rifles and sniper rifles , which are fully customizable with add-ons that grant better accuracy , more ammo-space or extra damage to certain types of enemies . Add in biotic abilities that grant other advantages and you are ready to take on the galaxy -- literally . The ammo is parsed out with thermal clips and is interchangeable between weapons , which is really helpful when you run out of one type of ammo . A single ammo pickup fills up all your weapons and ammo can easily be found on dead enemies or sitting on shelves . Shepard is n't alone , either . Along the way , friends and comrades will join his quest . Two are selected for each mission . They also have special powers that can be used in concert with Shepard 's own abilities to devastating effect . Each potential squadmate falls into a particular class  soldier , engineer , etc.  , so players can select those that either complement or contrast with their own abilities based on the mention . Plus , the sidekicks are often good for funny banter . The environments are rich and varied . Scenarios look unique from planet to planet . The artwork is detailed and the universe feels alive . Other races have their own unique looks , not simply appearing as human rip-offs . It all makes for a game that looks absolutely gorgeous . However , all is n't perfect in the universe . There were some unusual visual glitches involving "  camera angles . " Characters were looking in the wrong direction , people would disappear during dialog , and , in one instance , a character 's head was turned nearly 180 degrees the wrong way . While not vital to the overall gameplay , those visual tics took me out of my immersion in the game and made for an unwelcome distraction . In addition , if you are playing the Xbox 360 version , the game allows you to use the Kinect device to issue commands to Shepard and squad members . You can voice direct weapon switches , abilities and actions . But ... if you do n't want to use the Kinect , unplug it from your console . More than once , conversation in the room where I was playing had my characters doing things I was n't expecting them to do . There are plenty of surprises throughout the game . The big one was the availability of a female Shepard , which was sought after by many fans of the franchise . But there are others . Major characters will die , entire species will be eliminated and every plot line that you can think of will get resolved . Romance options are back and causing a bit of controversy . Early critics of the game are lamenting the same-sex romance possibilities . But , hey ... with a universe as big as the Milky Way , anything can happen . And without giving any spoilers , the ending was a bit of a letdown for me , compared to all the excitement leading up to it . It left something of an unsatisfying aftertaste , but one that only ends up being a minor detraction from the entire adventure . "  Mass Effect 3 " does a great job of answering all the lingering questions in the ME universe and gives players the best chance to determine not just their own fate , but the fate of the galaxy . It is a fitting end to a wonderful trilogy that put the players in the driver 's seat from the very beginning . "  Mass Effect 3 " will be available March 6 in North America , March 8 in Australia , March 9 in Europe and March 15 in Japan . It is playable on the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and Windows PC . It is rated M for Mature  17 +  due to blood , partial nudity , sexual content , strong language , and violence . This review was done playing as a paragon infiltrator and as a renegade adept on a review copy for the Xbox 360 .	Despite all the side missions and interactions , the main point remains taking back Earth Players can import characters from "  Mass Effect 2 " in order for story lines to continue "  Mass Effect 3 " will be available March 6 in North America
CNN  -- Party of no ? When it comes to Supreme Court nominations , the GOP is a flock of baby lambs compared with their opposites on the Democratic side . The past two Democratic presidents have named three justices between them : Sonia Sotomayor , Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg . All glided painlessly to confirmation . Compare that with the mayhem inflicted on Republican choices . Two of President Nixon 's nominees were rejected by the Senate . Ditto for one of Ronald Reagan 's choices  another withdrew shortly after he was nominated  . One of President George H.W. Bush 's choices , Clarence Thomas , was confirmed after a fight that still ranks as perhaps the most vicious in confirmation history . It 's hard to argue that the difference is due to the superior quality of the Democratic choices . Ginsburg 's views were and are at least as controversial as Robert Bork 's . Not only Bork , but two other Republican nominees  Clement Haynsworth and Douglas Ginsburg  could show legal credentials that brightly outshone Sotomayor 's . Nor is it just a matter of clout : Although Republicans lacked the votes to defeat Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Breyer and Sotomayor , they could have filibustered either of the first two . No , the difference is not in the nominees . It is in the parties . On judges , Republicans have played by softer rules than Democrats . There 's no Republican equivalent of the notoriously scurrilous 1987 speech of Sen. Edward Kennedy 's against Bork : "  Robert Bork 's America is a land in which women would be forced into back-alley abortions , blacks would sit at segregated lunch counters , rogue police could break down citizens ' doors in midnight raids , schoolchildren could not be taught about evolution , writers and artists would be censored at the whim of government , and the doors of the federal courts would be shut on the fingers of millions of citizens for whom the judiciary is often the only protector of the individual rights that are the heart of our democracy . " It 's not as if Republicans do not know how to play rough when they wish to do so . But on judges , Republicans have not wished to play rough . Why not ? Republicans have won seven of the 11 presidential elections since 1968 . Over those same years , Republican presidents made a total of 11 appointments to the high court , with the nominees becoming steadily more conservative over time . Democrats fought back , using every weapon at hand , including the very nasty weapons deployed against Bork and Thomas . And Republicans counterattacked , by emphasizing the legitimate right of election winners to choose judges who reflected majority values . There 's an old saying : "  Where you stand depends on where you sit . " It 's also true however that parties take some time to realize that they are sitting in a new place . The Republican senators who deferred to President Clinton 's nominations had argued for years that it was inappropriate for senators to vote against a judge merely because they disagreed with a judge 's legal philosophy . Those senators would not and could not abruptly reverse themselves . But what people can not do immediately , they can learn to do after a time . Republicans voted for Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Breyer to send a message about how Thomas and Bork should have been treated -- and to lay down markers for how Republican judges should be treated in the future . But those votes , like the Sotomayor vote , occurred in the immediate aftermath of a Democratic presidential victory following many years of Republican administration . They do not necessarily foretell the future . As Republicans settle into opposition , they may begin to think and feel like an opposition . They may lose the practice of deference , forget their objections to the filibuster of judicial nominations . President Obama 's next nominee can probably expect the same easy time that Ginsburg and Breyer enjoyed . But if there are more nominations in a hypothetical Obama second term , they may discover themselves haunted by Kennedy 's malign precedent and Thomas ' brutal ordeal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Republicans have n't been nearly as tough on court nominees as Democrats have Frum says last three Democratic choices for the court have had relatively easy confirmations Frum says Republicans have shown greater deference to a president 's choices for the court He says the GOP may adopt a harsher stance in the future
CNN  -- Prince Albert of Monaco is engaged to former South African Olympic swimmer Charlene Wittstock , the palace announced Wednesday . The 52-year-old prince and ruler of Monaco , the first child of Princess Grace and the late Prince Rainier , has never married . In a 2004 interview with CNN 's Larry King , Albert admitted it had taken him "  longer than most " to find a wife . "  There have been some relationships where , had they gone on a little bit more , they would have headed that way , " Albert said . "  But I think it 's -- it 's so much your own timing and your own agenda and the person you want to be with . " Like his fiancee , Albert is also an Olympian , having competed in five Olympic Winter Games -- from Calgary in 1988 to Salt Lake City in 2002 -- in bobsledding . He is a member of the International Olympic Committee and president of Monaco 's national Olympic committee . Albert has two younger sisters , Princesses Caroline and Stephanie . The prince and Wittstock have been photographed together many times in the past four years , leading to speculation they would eventually marry . Albert has two children from previous relationships -- a 6-year-old son born to Nicole Coste , a flight attendant from Togo , and an 18-year-old daughter born to American Tamara Rotolo , a former waitress . Neither child is in line for the throne under Monaco law , which says succession passes only to direct legitimate descendants . Albert was formally invested as Monaco 's ruler following the death of his father in 2005 . Monaco , a sovereign principality , is one of the smallest countries in the world , measuring just under two square miles . It sits on the French Riviera and is bordered on three sides by France , with a population of about 33,000 people .	Monaco 's Prince Albert has never married Ruler of Monaco is son of Princess Grace and Prince Rainier Albert , fiancee are both Olympians
Mexico City  CNN  -- A 14-year-old accused of ruthless killings on behalf of a Mexican drug cartel boss is a U.S. citizen , a U.S. State Department spokeswoman said Monday . Gini Staab would not provide any further information . "  We have confirmed the boy 's U.S. citizenship but ca n't say anything more about the boy 's situation in the absence of a  provisional arrest warrant  signed by at least one of the parents , " Staab said . Earlier , Staab said that the boy , once his citizenship was confirmed , would be given "  all appropriate consular assistance , just like we would for any U.S. citizen arrested and incarcerated overseas . " Assistance would include prison visits , information on local attorneys and checks on his welfare , she said . The teen -- reportedly carrying a birth certificate issued in San Diego -- and two of his sisters were detained Thursday at an airport in central Mexico after an anonymous tip alerted authorities he was heading to Tijuana , Mexico , local media reported . A spokeswoman for the Mexican attorney general 's office said authorities detained the 14-year-old Thursday evening on suspicion of working as a drug-cartel hit man , but declined to provide details . But the boy faced a battery of questions from reporters after he was detained , answering questions point-blank as camera flashes lit his face . "  I slit their throats , " he said , describing what he said was the killing of four people . The teen told reporters after his capture Thursday night that he was an orphan who joined the Pacifico Sur drug cartel when he was 12 . He said Julio "  El Negro " Padilla , one of the group 's alleged leaders , threatened him . "  I either work or he 'll kill me , " the 14-year-old said . With his hands shoved into the pockets of his cargo pants , the 14-year-old told reporters that he was paid weekly in dollars and pesos . But in answering questions about whether he knew what he was doing when he allegedly participated in the killings , the teen said he was under the influence of drugs and unaware of his actions . "  No , I did n't know , " he said . Troops standing beside the teen while the youth was interviewed wore masks to hide their faces -- a common sight in Mexico , where clashes between authorities and cartels have intensified since President Felipe Calderon announced a crackdown shortly after he took office in 2006 . But the teen 's face was clearly visible . Martin Perez , director of Mexico 's Children 's Rights Network , said late Friday that authorities should not have given television cameras and newspaper photographers access to the 14-year-old . "  It was completely inappropriate , the form of presenting him in front of the media , " he said . "  Everyone has the right to be presumed innocent , " he said . "  Also , it could put his life at serious risk . We have to remember that this is a fight between criminal organizations . " CNN 's Claudia Dominguez , Rey Rodriguez , Nick Valencia and Krupskaia Alis contributed to this report .	State Department confirms the boy 's citizenship , but offers no further information "  I slit their throats , " accused teen hit man says "  I either work or he 'll kill me , " he says , describing a drug cartel boss
CNN  -- Angelina Jolie delivered a special message to fans in a video posted to YouTube : She 's got chickenpox . The illness has left her unable to attend the premiere for her newly directed movie "  Unbroken . " It 's the second time this week that an image of the actress has made headlines . A photo of her appeared on Wednesday giving a seemingly uncomfortable hug to a movie executive caught up on the Sony Pictures hacking scandal . In the video , Jolie wears a white tank top , and pink spots speckle her face , neck and upper body . "  I just wanted to be clear and honest about why I will be missing the ` Unbroken ' events in the next few days , which is that I found out last night that I have chickenpox . So , I will be home itching and missing everyone . And I ca n't believe it cause this film means so much to me , " she says in the video published to Universal Studios Entertainment 's verified Facebook page on Friday . "  I just ca n't believe it ! " She laughs in irony on the video . She lifts her hands in a helpless gesture and waves to the camera . "  I am heartbroken to miss our premiere , " she said in a separate statement . The movie Jolie worked on the film , which she also produced , for two years , Universal said , wishing her a speedy recovery . "  Unbroken " is a parable of perseverance told in the true life story of American Olympic runner Louis Zamperini , who also suffered mistreatment as a Japanese prisoner of war in World War II . Zamperini died at age 97 in July . His family is expected to attend the premiere . That hug On Wednesday , Jolie and Sony Pictures co-chairwoman Amy Pascal greeted one another with an awkward hug that was caught on camera . In the photo , Jolie is leaning away and appears to have a cold look on her face . Sony was the target of a recent hacker attack , which made public internal emails with embarrassing content . Some contained guileless chatter about actors , including comments by Sony producer Scott Rudin saying Jolie was "  minimally talented " and a "  spoiled brat " with a "  rampaging ... ego . " Speculation stirred in the Internet that this may have been behind the apparent discomfort in Jolie 's embrace with Pascal . CNN 's Lisa Emmanuel contributed to this report .	Jolie delivers the news with disappointment in a video posted to YouTube She is wearing a tank top ; the camera concentrates on blemishes on her upper body It is the second time an image of her has made headlines in a week Her film "  Unbroken " is a parable of perseverance based on a true story
CNN  -- They were 31 characters read , and retweeted , around the world . If any doubts lingered over Twitter 's capacity to break news first , the overnight raids launched by U.S. forces on Syria on Tuesday night offered another case study of what the microblogging site does best . Well before the first media accounts of the attack on the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa , Abdulkader Hariri , a Twitter user in the town , tweeted this : "  Breaking : Huge explosions shook the city in what might be the beginning of US airstrikes on ISIS HQs in Raqqa " Hariri is believed to be the first person to report on the first strikes the United States carried out against ISIS inside Syria . He posted his tweet shortly after 9 p.m. -- almost 30 minutes before Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby announced the operation to the world . "  US military & partner nation forces have begun striking ISIL targets in Syria using mix of fighters , bombers and Tomahawk missiles . " In this respect , Hariri 's tweet recalls the U.S. raid on Abbottabad in Pakistan in May 2011 in which Osama bin Laden was killed -- and one Twitter user unknowingly reported details . Some of the first public accounts of the military operation that killed the terrorist leader came in the form of tweets from Sohaib Athar , a 33-year-old IT consultant . "  Helicopter hovering above Abbottabad at 1AM  is a rare event  , " the tweet said . CNN tried to reach Hariri early Wednesday morning , but was unsuccessful . In several subsequent posts , he live-tweeted the operation .	Twitter user Abdulkader Hariri in Raqqa is way ahead of the media as operation starts "  Huge explosions shook the city in what might be the beginning of US airstrikes " he tweeted
CNN  -- The "  official " night set aside for ghosts and goblins is nearly here , but if you 're bewitched by the macabre and the supernatural , there are plenty of places that provide spooky sensations year-round . You wo n't need a costume to take in these attractions , but if you 're looking for ideas on what to wear on October 31 , you might find some inspiration from these historic -- and sometimes horrific -- destinations . Send us the scariest shots from your Halloween celebrations Ohio 's unusual tourism trend Anyone with a penchant for gloom and doom may want to head for Ohio . The state 's tourism department is promoting all things grim -- and it has nothing to do with Halloween . "  These experiences are all genuine and originated due to someone 's desire to preserve the history , traditions and tools of the trade , " says Tourism Director Pat Barker . That trade is the funeral home business . Highlights include historic hearses , celebrity death memorabilia and how-to lessons on embalming and burial . The Peoples Mortuary Museum is part of a working mortuary in Marietta , Ohio , and it boasts a collection of classic hearses from past centuries , even a horse-drawn hearse from 1895 . Staff members double as tour guides to educate the public on the post-death process . Funeral transportation is also in the spotlight at the William Lafferty Memorial Funeral and Carriage Collection in West Union , Ohio , with vehicles dating back to 1848 . The antiques were collected during the four generations that the Lafferty family served in the Ohio funeral business . The Famous Endings Funeral Collection in Dover , Ohio , is a must-see for history buffs curious about celebrity deaths . Inside you 'll find programs from the farewell ceremonies of everyone from Ronald Reagan to Evel Knievel to George Burns . There 's the original temporary crypt marker for Humphrey Bogart and a memorial card from Farrah Fawcett 's funeral . This quirky collection even has a Facebook page . If you want to spend the night in the company of such unusual history , check in at the Sturgis House , a funeral parlor turned bed and breakfast in East Liverpool , Ohio . The death mask for Charles Arthur "  Pretty Boy " Floyd , who was Public Enemy No. 1 in 1934 , hangs above the washing machine in the downstairs laundry room . It 's just steps away from the embalming equipment that remains on display as an informal mortuary museum . Voodoo culture in New Orleans Novelist Anne Rice was born here and her popular tales often include spirited descriptions of her hometown . She 's not the only one to imagine New Orleans as vampire-friendly : The supernatural side of the Big Easy is easy to find on your own or with the help of a professional guide . Several companies offer tours specializing in cemeteries , voodoo or the city 's impressive array of stores selling all things eerie such as custom-blended potions , Tarot cards and authentic voodoo dolls . West Africans brought the voodoo way of life to New Orleans in the 1700s , and the religion flourished in the 19th century . Delve into its many layers at the New Orleans Historic Voodoo Museum , where admission is $ 5 for adults . Public rituals were once performed in Congo Square , an open space inside Louis Armstrong Park just north of the French Quarter , and even today you can find a voodoo spiritual temple nearby where a modern-day priestess performs rituals . Perhaps the most popular voodoo-related attraction sought by history-loving tourists of all kinds is the marked tomb of Marie Laveau , the city 's famous "  Voodoo Queen . " On any given day you 'll find tourists in spiritual meditation or simply gawking at all the graffiti and triple-X markings on her tall white tomb inside the walls of St. Louis Cemetery No. 1 . Each set of X 's represents someone making a request in the fashion of an age-old voodoo ritual . There 's also a cornucopia of New Orleans hotels where the paranormal is considered normal , such as the Monteleone , where you can stay in a haunted room or ride an elevator that seems to have a mind of its own . In 2003 , a team of paranormal researchers stayed in the hotel and allegedly confirmed contact with more than a dozen spirits . The ghost of a confederate soldier is said to be an occasional guest at the newly opened Audubon Cottages ; rumor has it he enjoys relaxing on the balcony of cottage No. 4 , overlooking the pool . Chills in Charleston , South Carolina Chilling attractions in this historic port city include Civil War relics such as bloodied uniforms , an amputation kit and plenty of deadly weapons . It 's all on permanent display at The Charleston Museum . Imagine the fear of James Wiley Gibson , shot and killed by a sniper during the Battle of Secessionville . His uniform is part of the ongoing exhibit , complete with a fabric tear from the bullet 's deadly path . If that does n't make you shudder , have a look at the primitive tools and instruments of the Civil War amputation kit . Be sure to stop by the Charleston Library Society , a downtown cultural hot spot where you 're likely to find someone who 's an expert on the city 's darker side . If you 're there in October , have a glance at the bloodstained manuscript of Henry Timrod . Known as the poet laureate of the Confederacy , this Charleston native produced passionate prose until his death in 1867 . His final project was splattered with blood coughed up from the tuberculosis that killed him -- and the morbid page is on display every Halloween season . The spirits of upstate New York Fall paints the landscape of upstate New York with colors that lure leaf-peepers from around the world , but this vacation region is also home to a historic fictional intrigue . Thirty miles north of New York City , you 'll find Sleepy Hollow , a village made famous by the legend that bears its name . Washington Irving 's classic story about a headless horseman was published in 1820 . Various characters and scenes from the legend are said to be based on the people and places of Sleepy Hollow , such as the burial ground at the Old Dutch Church . Irving attended services at the Old Dutch Church as a child , and the author is buried in the adjacent Sleepy Hollow Cemetery  others buried there include Andrew Carnegie and Elizabeth Arden  . Guided walking and evening lantern tours are offered . If you 're lucky , you 'll spot the town 's own resident headless horseman . The area makes for a literary scavenger hunt for those obsessed with the frightful folktale , and Irving 's former home , Sunnyside , also hosts "  Legend Weekends " where musicians , magicians and puppeteers entertain and encourage continued awe for the author . Edgar Allen Poe also lived near Sleepy Hollow , and readings of his works often take place at the Sleepy Hollow Cemetery . Where the witches were : Salem , Massachusetts A short drive north from Boston leads to "  The Witch City " of Salem , where witch-related tourism is the lifeblood of the economy . The Salem Witch Museum takes visitors back to the summer of 1692 and the infamous trials that resulted in the execution of 20 people accused of devil-inspired activity . The town goes all out in October with its weeks-long lineup of Haunted Happenings . Visitors serious about studying this chapter of history can use the museum as an educational starting point , then spend hours , days or weeks traveling through the region touring the homes , historic markers , grave sites and other relics related to witchcraft hysteria . The museum can provide a map and a list of more than 30 sites in the area . To help put you in the right mindset for a modern-day witch-hunt , check out the museum 's blog at www.salemwitchmuseum.com/blog for more information , including suggestions for pre-arrival reading . Eerie traditions in Edinburgh , Scotland An international witch hunt might lead you to Scotland , where the North Berwick Witch Trials happened in 1590-1592 , some 20 miles from the capital of Edinburgh . The gothic architecture and peculiar history of the Scottish capital add to the city 's allure as a bewitching destination . Grave robbers are a notorious part of Edinburgh history and urban legend tells morbid tales of plague victims left to die in underground streets . Even luxury respects the role of witches and the supernatural : October guests at the prestigious Balmoral Hotel can enjoy the perk of Halloween Afternoon Tea , but the concierge staff says the demand for tours of the eerie and bloodcurdling is high year-round . The top draws include a castle dungeon attraction featuring actors and thrill rides and the Real Mary King 's Close , a series of underground lanes and housing spaces located beneath the Royal Mile that lend themselves to visions of murder and disease . The underground area will host Dark Truth Tours from October 26-31 . Any time of year you might find a library reading , a festival or an underground tour honoring Edinburgh 's darker side . If you 're one to study the history of Halloween itself , you 'll find plenty of claims that the tradition of All Hallow 's Eve has Scottish roots . Finding traditional haunts From scream parks to corn mazes to haunted homes , sites that evoke ghoulish pleasures are so popular that the Haunted Attraction Association was formed in 2010 , to promote the top haunted places around the world , a $ 300 million industry . If you want to find a scary site in a specific area , the HAA website has a "  Haunt Finder " and you can also check out past winners of the organization 's annual Oscare Awards . What are your favorite Halloween haunts ?	Explore underground streets in Edinburgh , Scotland , with Dark Truth Tours Make a stop in New Orleans for a primer on all things voodoo Visit Sleepy Hollow for a look at the origins of that chilling legend
CNN  -- One of sport 's most high-profile couples are no more . Golf star Rory McIlroy announced Wednesday that he had broken off his engagement to tennis player Caroline Wozniacki . The two-time major winner from Northern Ireland said the issuing of wedding invitations over the weekend had made him realize he was n't prepared for "  all that marriage entails . " McIlroy and former world No. 1 Wozniacki , from Denmark , announced their engagement via social media on New Year 's Day -- but their three-year relationship is now over . "  There is no right way to end a relationship that has been so important to two people , " McIlroy said in a statement reported by the UK Press Association . "  The problem is mine . The wedding invitations issued at the weekend made me realize that I was n't ready for all that marriage entails . "  I wish Caroline all the happiness she deserves and thank her for the great times we 've had . "  I will not be saying anything more about our relationship in any setting . " McIlroy , ranked 10th in the world , is currently preparing for the European Tour 's flagship event -- the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth in England . He spoke briefly about the split at a press conference ahead of Thursday 's opening round , telling reporters : "  Obviously  it 's  quite a difficult time for Caroline and myself . "  I think the statement really said it all this morning . It was mutual and amicable and we both thought it was the best for us , the best for both of us . Time to move on and I think I 've said all that I need to say . "  Now I need to get my head into golf and concentrate on the tournament , keep myself busy and try and have a good week on the course . "  I 'm not going to lie . It 's going to be very difficult . But you know , at least when I get inside the ropes I can just try and concentrate on the shot at hand . But yeah , it 's obviously going to be difficult . " Only on Sunday McIlroy tweeted a picture while the pair were enjoying dinner together at Nobu restaurant in Monte Carlo . The couple , who were referred to as ` Wozzilroy ' by the world 's media , began dating in 2011 after meeting at a boxing match . They had to deal with constant rumors as to their health of their relationship , which were magnified when both suffered slumps in their career during 2013 . But on January 1 they took to their respective Twitter accounts to confirm they were engaged to be married with Wozniacki saying : "  Rory and I started 2014 with a bang ! ... I said YES !!!! " McIlroy captured his first major title at the U.S. Open in 2011 and followed it up by claiming the US PGA Championship the following year , but has struggled for form of late . Wozniacki , who is yet to win a grand slam title but did top the world rankings in 2010 , is preparing for the second major of the tennis season -- the French Open -- which starts on May 25 . She made her first response to the split on Twitter Thursday saying , "  It 's a hard time for me right now . Thanks for all the sweet messages ! Happy I support Liverpool right now because I know I 'll never walk alone . "	Rory McIlroy breaks off engagement with tennis star Caroline Wozniacki McIlroy issues statement saying he realized he was n't ready for "  all marriage entails " The pair had announced their engagement via Twitter on January 1 McIlroy says he wishes "  Caroline all the happiness she deserves "
CNN  -- Academy-Award winning actress Patricia Neal , whose off-screen life was one of dramatic triumph over adversity , died Sunday at her home in Edgartown , Massachusetts . She was 84 . Neal died of complications from lung cancer , according to the Patricia Neal Rehabilitation Center . "  The theatre and movie world has lost a great talent but , at the Patricia Neal Rehabilitation Center , we have also lost a friend , " said a statement from the Knoxville , Tennessee , center that bears the actress ' name and assists people in recovering from strokes and brain injuries . Neal suffered several strokes and kept acting . Neal is best known for her role as Alma in "  Hud , " where she played a housekeeper who did not fall for cowboy Paul Newman 's charms . She won an Academy Award for the role . Soon after her Oscar win , Neal suffered back-to-back strokes -- three in all . For a while , she lost her ability to speak and walk . But she returned to the screen -- and to another Oscar nomination -- for the movie "  The Subject Was Roses . " "  Ms. Neal took great joy in meeting patients and their caregivers every time she visited Knoxville , " said a statement from the Fort Sanders Regional Medical Center where the Neal rehabilitation center is located . "  We will always remember her elegance and sincerity . She will be greatly missed . " Neal also won a Golden Globe award for her performance as Olivia Walton in 1971 's "  The Homecoming : A Christmas Story , " the television movie that served as the pilot episode for the TV series "  The Waltons . " Concerns over Neal 's health and her ability to handle the difficulties of a weekly television series led the producers to offer the role to Michael Learned when the show when into production .	NEW : Neal died of complications from lung cancer She is best known for her role in "  Hud , " for which she won an Oscar Shortly afterward , she suffered three strokes Neal recovered and continued acting
CNN  -- An eagerly-anticipated clash between two of the greatest boxers of the modern era looks likely to happen this year if the two camps can compromise on a date . U.S. boxer Floyd Mayweather Jnr took to his Twitter account this week to throw down the gauntlet to Manny Pacquiao , calling on his arch-rival from the Philippines to "  step up punk " for a May 5 fight . But Pacquiao 's official website said that the 33-year-old wanted a date at the end of that month . And Filipino broadcaster ABS-CBN reported that Pacquiao 's adviser Michael Koncz said late May was preferable so that a temporary outdoor stadium could be constructed in Las Vegas to maximize revenue from the showdown . However , Pacquiao 's business manager Eric Pineda told CNN that the fight might not take place until November . "  It 's not going to be in May , " Pineda said on Thursday . "  As far we know , he  Mayweather  has a jail term to serve . With a November date , he can still do a lot of training in jail . " Mayweather was sentenced to a 90-day prison term after being found of domestic violence , however a judge in Nevada ruled last week that the Mayweather could postpone reporting to jail until June because he had already lined up a fight date in May . Mayweather faces jail for domestic violence Mayweather chose Twitter to issue his challenge to Pacquiao . "  Manny Pacquiao I 'm calling you out let 's fight May 5th and give the world what they want to see , " he wrote on Tuesday . "  My jail sentence was pushed back because the date was locked in . Step up punk . " The two fighters have had a famously rancorous relationship . Last year , Pacquiao filed a lawsuit in a federal court in Las Vegas for defamation against Mayweather and others for allegedly claiming he had used performance-enhancing drugs . Pacquiao had been infuriated by the insistence of Mayweather and his team at Golden Boy Promotions that both fighters submit to Olympic-style blood testing in the buildup to a previous "  super fight . " The talks between the two parties broke down . "  Floyd Mayweather is a coward . He will never fight anyone that will remotely give him a tough fight , " Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum said at the time . The 34-year-old American boxer has won all 42 of his professional fights  26 by knockout  but Pacquiao , 33 , also has an impressive record with , with 54 wins from 59 bouts -- 38 by knockout -- plus three losses and two draws . He is the first boxer in the sport 's history to have won world titles in eight weight divisions and recently launched a successful political career after being elected to the Philippine House of Representatives in June 2010 . Pineda said the details of the much-vaunted fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao were still being studied . "  We have n't seen a contract yet . It 's all still on the drawing board , " he said .	Super fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao likely to happen later this year Mayweather has challenged Pacquiao to a fight on May 5 before he goes to jail The American boxer has a 90-day sentence to serve for domestic violence A judge ruled that Mayweather could postpone reporting to jail until June
CNN  -- Women 's Olympic shot put champion Nadzeya Ostapchuk has been stripped of her gold medal after testing positive for a banned substance . The Belorussian won her country 's only track & field gold , but the title will now go to New Zealand 's Valerie Adams after two of Ostapchuk 's urine samples contained traces of metenolone . "  The International Olympic Committee  IOC  has disqualified , withdrawn the medal from , and excluded Belarus 's Nadzeya Ostapchuk from the Games of the XXX Olympiad in London , " read an IOC statement . "  The athlete was first requested to provide a urine sample for a doping control on August 5 . She competed the next day in the women 's shot put event , where she placed first , and was asked to provide a sample straight after her competition . "  Both samples indicated the presence of metenolone , which is classified as anabolic agent under the 2012 prohibited list . " Russia 's Evgeniia Kolodko has been promoted to the silver medal position , while China 's Lijiao Gong has been awarded bronze . British discus thrower Brett Morse was forced to apologize last week after making offensive comments about Ostapchuk and suggesting the 31-year-old had been doping on Twitter . Alex Schwazer , 2008 gold medalist and one of the favorites for the men 's walking events in London , admitted to doping last week after recording a positive test . Ostapchuk 's positive test came just hours after London bid farewell to the Games with a closing ceremony which featured iconic British acts such as the Spice Girls and The Who .	Nadzeya Ostapchuk stripped of women 's shot put gold after failing a drug test The Belorussian tested positive for the banned substance metenolone New Zealand 's Valerie Adams has been awarded the gold medal Russia 's promoted to silver medal position , with China 's Ligiao Gong now third
Washington  CNN  -- Caroline Kennedy has been asked to serve as the U.S. ambassador to Japan and is being vetted for the post , a Democrat familiar with the discussions told CNN on Monday . Kennedy , 55 , the daughter of former President John F. Kennedy , was a top backer of President Barack Obama during both of his presidential campaigns and served as the co-chair of his vice presidential search committee in 2008 . She 's the only surviving member of JFK 's family and has largely shunned the limelight and scrutiny associated with her famous last name . After publicly expressing interest in running for the U.S. Senate seat in New York vacated when Hillary Clinton became secretary of state in 2009 , she ultimately decided against making a bid , citing "  personal reasons . " She made speeches at the 2008 and 2012 Democratic National Conventions , both times recalling her famous relatives -- in 2008 , her speech served as a tribute to her uncle Sen. Ted Kennedy , and in 2012 she noted that "  like my father 's election in 1960 , this is one of those elections where the future of our country is at stake . " After receiving degrees at Harvard and Columbia , Kennedy served in a variety of roles at New York non-profits , including the John F. Kennedy Library and the American Ballet Theatre .	The daughter of JFK provided key support to President Obama in his 2008 campaign She is the best-known living member of one of America 's most influential political families
CNN  -- Former world number one , Rafael Nadal , has exclusively told CNN his levels of fitness ahead of the U.S. Open are "  better than expected , " boosting his chances of becoming only the seventh man in history to win a career grand slam with victory at Flushing Meadows . Titans of tennis , Rafael Nadal  left  and Roger Federer  right  , will be both keen to capture the U.S. Open title . The Spaniard , who dropped to third-best in the world after being sidelined for over two months with a knee injury , said he was pleased with his physical preparation for the major that starts on August 31 . "  I 'm very happy as I arrive here feeling better than I expected I would a few weeks ago , " the 23-year-old said , who came through two warm-up events recently for the hard-court tournament without any further reaction . Watch Nadal 's interview with CNN . " "  I had a really good time in Cincinnati and a good tournament in Montreal . "  But playing in New York is always a special feeling and it 's the last major of the season so I hope to have a good event , " Nadal said . Nadal , who was knocked out of the U.S. Open at the semifinal stage by Britain 's Andy Murray last year , said he considers himself lucky in terms of injuries that have affected his career . "  If you 're playing at 100 percent , always at the limit , it is normal that you get injuries . I had nearly four years of perfect fitness while playing a lot of matches . Injuries sometimes happen so you have to accept that and try and recover as quickly as possible . " But the Majorca-born player admitted it has been difficult to cede ground to his rivals while unable to play and he is keen to prove a point in New York . "  Roger has done an unbelievable job - he deserved the 15 grand slams and I ca n't congratulate him enough . I miss the competition but not the challenge of playing Roger ! "  The atmosphere in New York is great , the crowd is more educated than many other events , so I like this kind of energy and electricity and I have high expectations of playing well here . " Current world number one and defending champions Roger Federer also spoke to CNN about his optimism ahead of the last major event of the calendar . "  I feel great , a lot has happened in my personal life , as I have twin babies now , and this is their first trip abroad they 're only five weeks old . I won in Cincinnati so things are looking good . "  The main threats are Nadal , Murray and  Novak  Djokovic because they have done well here in the past - but we also have players like  Jo-Wilfried  Tsonga and  Juan Martin  Del Potro coming through so I think it could be more wide open than normal . " Despite the difficult opponents standing in his way the Swiss still had his eye on capturing his sixth straight title in America and extending his record of 15 grand slam wins . "  It would be a dream come true to win six in a row here . It 's a dream that I always thought was impossible but I 'm only a few matches away now so I 'm close , " he said .	Rafael Nadal feels fit for U.S. Open after returning from knee injury Spaniard aims to seal career grand slam with victory at Flushing Meadows Roger Federer is in good form after winning key hard-court warm up event Swiss confident of bid to capture sixth successive U.S. Open title
CNN  -- Acclaimed actor-director Richard Attenborough has died at 90 , the actor 's agent said . Attenborough is perhaps best known for his work on the 1982 film "  Gandhi , " which won eight Academy Awards , including best picture and best director . The film took Attenborough some 20 years to make . "  I was bankrupt several times . I had to mortgage my house . My family suffered to a certain extent , " he said . "  I placed things at risk because I cared about it so much . " He died Sunday , according to his agent , Dallas Smith . The family is expected to make a statement Monday , Smith told CNN . "  Our thoughts are with them and his friends at this very sad moment as we mourn the passing of a truly great man of the cinema and the arts , " Smith said . Attenborough began his career as a classically trained English actor and went on to star in such films as "  The Great Escape , " "  Jurassic Park " and a remake of "  Miracle on 34th Street . " He was knighted in 1976 . British Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted Sunday : "  His acting in ` Brighton Rock ' was brilliant , his directing of ` Gandhi ' was stunning -- Richard Attenborough was one of the greats of cinema . " The cause of his death was not immediately clear . Attenborough 's marriage to actress Sheila Sim spanned seven decades and produced three children . "  My philosophy has always been that I believe that art is not an elitist gift for a few select people . Art is for everyone , " he once said . Attenborough also appeared as Santa Claus in the 1994 remake of "  Miracle on 34th Street . " After playing several characters in movies , he moved to the other side of the camera . "  It 's what I love . I 'm not a great movie director . I 'm not an auteur , " he said of directing . "  I 'm a storyteller . I 'm a craftsman . And I love beyond anything else working with the actors and finding a way to make the actor believe that what they 're about to do is the best performance they 've ever given . " He also appeared in several war movies , including "  The Great Escape " with Steve McQueen . People we 've lost in 2014	NEW : Attenborough "  a truly great man of the cinema and the arts , " his agent tells CNN He is perhaps best known for his work on the 1982 film "  Gandhi " The cause of death was not immediately clear Attenborough also starred in "  Jurassic Park " and a remake of "  Miracle on 34th Street "
CNN  -- Three hundred days : That 's how long a private contractor will have to cover a remote area of the Indian Ocean a little smaller than the country of Sri Lanka where officials believe missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ended up . The time frame for the sea floor search was included in documents released Wednesday by Australian authorities seeking bids from companies to carry out the next phase of the hunt for the passenger jet . Nearly three months after Flight 370 disappeared over Southeast Asia , searchers have found no trace of the Boeing 777 or the 239 people aboard , making it one of the biggest mysteries in aviation history . Authorities have not been able to explain why the jet veered dramatically off course during a scheduled flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8 or to say where exactly its errant journey ended . Hopes of closure for the families of those on board were raised in early April , when a search team in the southern Indian Ocean detected pings that were initially believed to have come from the plane 's flight recorders . But last week , Australian authorities said that an exhaustive search of the sea floor around the pings had found no wreckage , ruling it out as the aircraft 's final resting place . ' A very challenging task ' Now , officials are preparing for the next stage of the search . Australia , the closest country to the area where the plane is believed to have entered the ocean , has decided to delegate the management and operation of the new phase to a private company . The Australian Transport Safety Bureau , which is leading the search at the request of the Malaysian government , said Wednesday that it is accepting proposals for the task until the end of June . The new search is expected to start in August , at the earliest . "  This is a very challenging task , one that relies on very effectively limited information , " Martin Dolan , the bureau 's chief commissioner , told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " this week . "  But information , if analyzed and viewed carefully , can give a lot of evidence about the likely location of the aircraft . " The exact search area is yet to be defined , as an international team of experts is reviewing the satellite , radar and other data that led to the conclusion that the plane flew into the southern Indian Ocean . It will be in the vicinity of an arc hundreds of kilometers long -- the area where investigators believe the aircraft ran out of fuel , about 1,000 miles off the coast of Western Australia . Dolan said officials remain "  cautiously optimistic " that the plane 's resting place will be found . ` Holes , trenches , ridges ' The Australian Transport Safety Bureau says the new search area will be around 60,000 square kilometers  23,000 square miles  . The winning bidder will have to cover 5,000 square kilometers of the area every 25 days or risk payment being withheld . The contractor will also have to provide daily progress reports and submit its plans for the following 24 hours , the documents say . The chosen company will face a stern challenge , operating in one of the most isolated and hostile environments on the planet . The previous phase of the search , both above and below the surface of the water , was repeatedly disrupted by bad weather . Some of the ocean in the region is so remote , authorities are n't sure exactly how deep it is . The tender documents warn that the search operation will be dealing with depths of up to 6,000 meters  20,000 feet  -- and in a variety of sea states and ocean currents . The underwater terrain in question could involve "  holes , trenches , ridges , steep gradients , isolated features " and a sea floor potentially made of silt , sand , rock and other materials , the tender documents say . A specialized Chinese ship has begun mapping the ocean floor in some areas already picked out by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau . A contracted commercial survey vessel will join those efforts this month . Unclear who pays what The bureau does n't provide any specific numbers about how much the contractor will be paid . Australia had estimated that the next phase of the search would cost $ 60 million , with the breakdown of who 's going to pay for what still to be announced . While 26 countries have participated in the hunt for the missing plane , Malaysia , China and Australia have held high-level talks about the future of the search . Malaysia is where the plane is from , but most of the people on the flight were Chinese . As the official search transitions into its next phase , Malaysia 's acting transportation minister released a statement Wednesday outlining the "  way forward . " "  We have entered a new difficult phase which brings with it new challenges which we will overcome together , " Hishammuddin Hussein said . "  As we enter the new phase of this search , we are grateful for the continuous support that we have received from the international community . " That continued support from the international community will include "  specialized assets and services " from the United States and others , according to Hishammuddin . He said he 's asked Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel to continue using the U.S. Navy-owned Bluefin-21 , an autonomous underwater vehicle , as well as the remotely operated vehicle Curv-21 . Hishammuddin also announced Wednesday that Singapore-based engineering and technology company Boustead is "  finalizing terms " for an oceanographic survey vessel , ROV and deep sea sonar . Malaysia 's state-owned oil company Petronas will also be funding a deep towed side-scan sonar and crew , according to Hishammuddin . As the disappearance of MH370 approaches the 90-day mark , theories about the plane 's fate continue to circulate . An Australian university on Wednesday released an audio recording and other information about an underwater sound that they say could be related to the final moments of the plane . And independent experts are studying the satellite data that have played a key role in guiding the search to see whether they agree with the official analysis that the plane ended up in the southern Indian Ocean . Is mystery underwater sound the crash of Flight 370 What happens next in the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? MH370 : Is Inmarsat right ? CNN 's David Molko contributed to this report .	Australia seeks bids from private companies for next phase of search The chosen contractor will have 300 days to cover a vast swath of ocean Authorities are still determining the exact search area in the Indian Ocean An Australian official says he remains "  cautiously optimistic " the plane will be found
CNN  -- When Piers Morgan asked Barbra Streisand who her favorite actor of all time was , the legendary actress and singer opened up about a unique road trip she took with the late Marlon Brando in the 1970s . In an interview on Friday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " the actress , singer and director talked to the CNN host about Brando , her long career , the Democratic Party , her new movie "  The Guilt Trip " and more . "  Brando  wanted to take me to the desert , to see the wildflowers , " said Streisand . She said he wanted to "  sleep over in a ghost town , " but Streisand refused his advances . "  I was such a nice Jewish girl that I just said , ` Marlon , I ca n't stay overnight with you . I 'll go with you for the day ' , " recalled Streisand . "  Marlon clearly wanted to do more than just look at flowers with you , " Morgan pointed out . Streisand said that while she did turn the legendary actor down , the pair remained friends and often talked on the phone "  for hours and hours . " Streisand : I 've never been in love with a Republican Fans of Streisand may be surprised to learn she considers herself to be an actress who sings and not the other way around . "  I only began to sing because I could n't get a job as an actress , " Streisand said . In "  The Guilt Trip , " Streisand plays Joyce , who Morgan calls "  the archetype of Jewish mama . " Joyce is a single mom whose inventor son , Andy  Seth Rogen  invites her on a cross-country road trip to try to sell his product . Streisand 's career has spanned more than a half-century and netted Grammys , multiplatinum albums , Emmys and Oscars for acting , directing and , of course , singing . "  You must have the cabinet room that 's the size of the New York Yankees , " Morgan said . "  I mean , does any of that really motivate you ? Do you ever look at it and think , yes , I 've not done badly for a young girl from Brooklyn ? " Streisand , 70 , said losing her father at such a tender age -- she was only 15 months old -- fuels her urge to be remembered . "  I want to have made marks here , " she said , "  and records and films , television shows , they do that . They say you existed , you were here . " Nevertheless , Streisand does n't like performing in front of people , which she said she realizes is odd . "  I never know what to do during the applause , " she said . "  I do n't know what to do . " In fact , Streisand did not perform live for 27 years after a 1967 concert in New York 's Central Park where she forgot the lyrics to some songs in front of a crowd of more than 130,000 . Why Streisand signed up for ` Guilt Trip ' Morgan told Streisand that "  The Way We Were " remains his "  single favorite movie of all time , " and that he once even broached the subject of a sequel with Robert Redford . Alas , movie fans hoping for an on-screen reunion of Katie  Streisand  and Hubbell  Redford  will be disappointed to learn that a sequel is just not meant to be -- not unlike Katie and Hubbell . "  I talked to Robert Redford about it , " Morgan said , "  and he said he had been resisting your clarion call for a sequel ever since . " "  It 's such a good story ; these people , " said Streisand , who noted that while she understands Redford 's urge to avoid sequels , "  this happens to be a great story . " Streisand told Morgan she had hoped to release a sequel on the film 's 21st anniversary . Her idea for the film would have centered on Katie and Hubbell 's daughter Rachel 's political activism at UC Berkeley and the Democratic National Convention in 1968 . "  Why have you been so consistent in support of Obama ? " Morgan asked Streisand , a longtime supporter of the Democratic Party . "  I ca n't even imagine thinking about what would happen to the Supreme Court if a Republican were the president , " said Streisand . When Morgan asked Streisand if she had ever been in love with a Republican , she said "  never , " and that it was n't likely to happen "  unless there was an enormous sexual chemistry " and the would-be couple never discussed politics . Streisand noted that for her , President Obama 's proudest moments have been his support of gay rights and his stance for women . On the scene at Streisand 's Brooklyn concert	Barbra Streisand sits down for a rare interview with "  Piers Morgan Tonight " She considers herself to be an actress who sings and not the other way around In her new movie "  The Guilt Trip , " she plays "  the archetype of Jewish mama "
CNN  -- Take one dentist , a catsuit , a horse and a barrel , and you have a world champion . Four days a week , 25-year-old Joanne Eccles examines teeth in Kinross , north of Edinburgh . She spends the rest of her time clad in spandex , performing gymnastics on a horse . Her sport ? Vaulting . The British rider is the favorite for August 's World Equestrian Games , having won world titles in 2010 and 2012 . "  I 've been vaulting since I was eight . After that , everything had to fit around it , " she says . "  I 'm maybe not quite so enthusiastic about being a dentist , but I can earn a living and still get the most out of my vaulting . " Here are the basics : you get on a moving horse and perform leaps , handstands , tumbles and other acrobatic moves on the animal 's back , while it canters in a circle . You can compete as an individual  where Eccles excels  , as a pair  the "  pas de deux "  or as a team of six . Men and women of all ages can compete together . Eccles sometimes performs with her 22-year-old sister Hannah , who has also represented Britain . "  I still get to throw my little sister around , it 's brilliant , " she says . Even her father , John , is involved . He is Joanne 's "  lunger " -- which means his job is to guide the horse from the center of the arena while she competes . Lunging is an important job : when vaulters win medals , the lunger gets one , too .  The horse , meanwhile , must settle for everyone 's lasting gratitude . "  The lunger is in constant contact and communication with the horse , " explains Craig Coburn , a leading vaulting judge . "  You have to work to keep the horse 's pace and tempo , keep it paying attention to what 's going on . " Eccles says her dad was less than impressed as a spectator at her early domestic competitions . "  He thought it was so boring , " she recalls . "  But then I was the reserve for a big international event , and he realized that if you 're at a high level , it 's a brilliant sport . "  So he looked into getting a horse himself , he got into it , and now he 's a coach and judge as well as my lunger . " John Eccles is not the first parent to revise their opinion of vaulting . When Sheri Benjamin took her eight-year-old girl to pick up hay for their rabbit at a nearby California farm , she had not planned on raising a vaulting world champion . However , there was a demonstration taking place at the farm , and a coach overheard daughter Megan 's excitement . "  We knew nothing about it , " recalls Benjamin . "  You ca n't imagine our amazement when we went up to this ranch , and here were these athletes on the backs of horses , doing all sorts of gymnastics and dance moves . "  I looked at that and thought , no way in hell am I going to let Megan do this . " Five years later , the Benjamins had a horse on each side of the Atlantic . By the age of 18 , in 2006 , Megan Benjamin had won world gold for the United States . "  I swear I 'm not a bad mom , " adds Sheri , who claims vaulting is statistically safer than playing on a playground . "  When Megan first wanted to ride a horse , they said she was too young to go into the regular riding program , but they would let her vault -- because an adult controls the horse , and a three-year-old can do it with the horse at walking pace . They can build up . " This is where the barrel comes in . If you go straight to the horse with a new move , chances are you will eat sand after a nasty fall moments later . A vaulting barrel is the answer . "  You can build your own , " explains Coburn . "  It 's basically an oil drum with four steel legs on the bottom -- long and round , with handles on it , and wrapped in padding . " You practice new moves on a mat and then go on to the barrel , says former competitor Lucy Bell , who now manages the British team at big events . "  The horses themselves are wrapped up in cotton wool , you train on them just a couple of times a week , " she explains . "  The rest of the time ? You 'd be on that barrel . " New moves , and new links between moves , are the lifeblood of the sport . "  Something the judges have n't seen before , so the sport progresses , " says Bell . For Eccles , that means the one-handed handstand -- a move many would find tricky on the ground , but which she must pull off while balancing upside-down on a cantering horse . "  A new move sets you apart from the rest and nobody else had done a one-handed handstand before , " Eccles says . "  I tried it in France last month and it worked . Now a lot of people know I can do it , so there is more pressure to do it again . " Flexibility is an obvious asset for a vaulter -- the sport attracts plenty of young gymnasts , though Eccles insists she had very little bend as a child . "  I had to be held down and stretched by three other people , which I absolutely hated , " she recalls . Strength is another vital component , sometimes masked by the necessity for vaulters to compete in all-in-one catsuits . "  What Megan had going for her was her upper-body strength , " Sheri Benjamin says of her daughter , who played ice hockey before taking up vaulting . "  After she had been vaulting for two or three years , we went to watch the X Games , and there was a Marine Corps recruiting booth which had a pullup contest . "  Megan waited in line , got up there and popped off 25 pullups , aged 10 or 11 . "  All the boys behind her melted out of the line after she finished . The recruiter said she could be a marine any time . " As a judge , Coburn looks for exactly the right balance of skills before awarding scores  from one to a maximum of 10  . "  I 'm looking for a vaulter that is smooth , and light , and in harmony with the horse . They 're not springing off the horse like it 's a trampoline , they are in motion with the horse as if they are one , " he says . "  When you leap off the back of a horse , if you are in perfect harmony , you go up as the horse 's stride is going up -- so you leap without jumping . "  When you land down on the horse , you land in sync with the horse , as softly as a feather on the ground . Performances will give you goosebumps when that 's the case . " So who are the "  goosebumps candidates " at the World Equestrian Games ? Germany is historically the sport 's leading nation . Austria and France are contenders , and the U.S. has improved dramatically . But Sheri Benjamin believes Eccles , the defending individual champion , is still the best . "  She is the person to beat , " says Benjamin , whose daughter retired from vaulting in 2012 . "  It amazes me that she continued to vault through dental school . " Bell , who will be Eccles ' team manager at the Games in Normandy , adds : "  Joanne is very calm , she can focus completely on what she has to do . "  Between her and her dad , they 've taken every single part of the sport and worked out what you need to achieve . " Eccles herself is , for now , secretly watching vaulting clips over lunch with her dental nurse at the surgery . However , she has two tournament wins to her name in the past month and feels ready to return to the spotlight . "  When I started , we were just having a laugh , " she says . "  We were lucky to do so well . "  Now , it feels like we 're riding on the back of success . It gets better and better . "	World Equestrian Games champion Joanne Eccles is also a dentist The 25-year-old is favorite to come out on top at the Games in August Vaulting involves competitors performing acrobatic moves on a horse
Palo Alto , California  CNN  -- The Internet does n't have a flag or a national anthem , but it does have a government . For the most part that would be the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , which faces near-constant scrutiny from countries , corporations and netizens . Think of ICANN as the head referee of a heated sporting event , under fire from all sides and rarely able to please everyone . Last week , the U.S. Federal Trade Commission wrote a letter saying ICANN has long failed to provide safeguards that protect consumers from online swindlers and help cybersecurity officials catch such crooks . In the letter , the FTC also criticized a major ICANN initiative that would let Internet users run their own domain-name extensions , to accompany . com , . org and others . The federal agency fears that a quick expansion of domains , a project that has been several years in the making , would increase the likelihood that scammers could trick people who enter common misspellings , such as Amazon.comm . The government is also concerned that it will have a more difficult time getting information about website owners after the switch . "  The potential for consumer harm is great , and ICANN has the responsibility both to assess and mitigate these risks , " four top FTC officials wrote in a joint memo . The FTC 's criticisms are just another in a series of legal battles , political pressures and public name-calling that comes with being the most visible party overseeing the global Internet . There are several other governmental gatekeepers for the Web , but ICANN gets the most attention , and ire . As for the domain expansion , ICANN officials say they are working to improve the data they can provide to governments and police , and that they have stringent rules in place for who can register which extensions . Another ongoing controversy , the . XXX extension for porn sites , was initially resisted by ICANN 's board of directors . But the organization now supports it and may have to defend that stance in court against adult-entertainment companies who fear the . XXX domains will marginalize their sites . How ICANN works At the helm of this 23-year-old organization is ICANN president and CEO Rod Beckstrom , a confident and excitable executive with a helmet of long blond hair . Beckstrom and his 130 or so employees receive a lot of guff , but they are n't afraid to give some back . He says he has serious concerns about a bill in the U.S. Congress called the Stop Online Piracy Act , which shifts much of the blame for carrying illegal content onto website publishers . ICANN , based near Los Angeles in Marina del Rey , California , was once closely tied to the U.S. government . Although it must keep its headquarters in the United States by contract , it has bases in Belgium and Australia . The United States has sometimes reluctantly loosened its grip over Internet governance . Proposals for new Internet initiatives are often handed to ICANN by various Internet registry organizations , and the ICANN board votes on each . The organization has to consider recommendations from a committee of national governments , and many countries have strong opinions . With the Stop Online Piracy Act in the United States or systems in China and other Asian countries proposing major changes to who is responsible for what information is posted online , ICANN has to pick its battles and juggle hundreds of competing interests . Its critics often overpower its allies . As Internet access begins to reach practically every part of the world through the proliferation of smartphones , the network is at risk of being pulled in many different directions -- or splintering , as it has behind China 's Great Firewall . No government wants to be the next victim of a so-called social-media coup , in which the freewheeling nature of the Web becomes a target for censorship . "  ICANN stays neutral , and it has to keep running , " Beckstrom said in a recent interview from his office here in Silicon Valley . "  We 're a lot like Switzerland . " A frequent target In international politics , Switzerland is typically neutral but rarely controversial . On the other hand , ICANN receives plenty of blowback for its policies , including for those with which it has little or no direct involvement . For example , ICANN has been criticized for being slow to respond to a shortage of Web addresses that could make certain websites inaccessible to some people . However , ICANN has a fairly small role in this transition from Internet Protocol version 4 to 6 , ICANN chairman Steve Crocker said in a phone interview . "  ICANN 's role in all of this is very restricted , but we often get looked at as the center of these things , " Crocker said . ICANN officials say its own initiatives , such as . XXX and the global domain expansion , are controversial but necessary as the Internet keeps growing . "  Any time you take a system that started out small and expand it hugely , you get a lot of changes , " said Crocker , who was a member of the team that posted the first message to ARPANET , the Internet 's predecessor . Like any government , ICANN is said to make decisions slowly . Crocker defends ICANN 's process as thorough and sufficient . After a change has been implemented , it is generally up to each country 's government to enforce the rules or systems set up by ICANN . "  We do n't have the authority of being a government , " he said . "  If we did , that would create more problems . " The Internet 's governmental bodies say they are more effective at getting things done than America 's political system , which is often seen as polarized and gridlocked . The Internet has an effective system of checks and balances , said John Curran , the president and CEO of the American Registry for Internet Numbers . The registry is one of five international groups that propose new initiatives to ICANN . "  If people  in national government  would take time to listen as much as they postulate their views , then we would have progress , " Curran said by phone last week . "  We have people actually discuss the issues . We do n't have people showing up with fixed positions . " The Interplanetary Internet In the efficiency-obsessed technology sector , ICANN has streamlined its system of yearly goals under Beckstrom , a former finance executive for Morgan Stanley who transitioned to high tech and cashed out at the height of the dot-com bubble in 1999 . Beckstrom , who has also served as a director for the U.S. National Cybersecurity Center , plans to step down in July . ICANN said last week it is searching for a replacement . Vint Cerf , a sage-like founding father of the Internet , has discovered ways to continue contributing to Internet governance since stepping down as ICANN chairman in 2007 . He is a vice president for Google with the unusual title of chief Internet evangelist . "  The Internet does n't just happen , " Cerf said by phone . "  It 's a continued battle to keep it as open and accessible and free as possible . And it 's hard to do . " Some of Cerf 's attention has shifted to something called the Interplanetary Internet . As its name implies , the plan involves designing a network that can work in outer space . Light speed is fine for the Earth 's Internet , but it is an obstacle when sending an e-mail to Mars . But the Internet still faces major hurdles on its home planet . Cerf said he believes governmental organizations , like ICANN , will need to continue to adapt . "  These institutions got created in response to the forces in the ecosystem , " Cerf said . "  I would not say that this was top-down architected . I do n't think it could be , because these institutions got created as the demands made themselves apparent . " As new demands and stakeholders emerge , the Internet and its stewards will find obstacles , whether it 's an overzealous government or the speed of light .	ICANN is an international organization that governs the Internet Some have criticized ICANN for how it 's expanding the types of available domain names Other initiatives , such as the . XXX domains for porn sites , have been controversial The Internet is overseen by several organizations and has a checks-and-balances system
New York  CNN  -- JetBlue has begun refunding the passengers of five flights who were stranded on the tarmac of a Connecticut airport for as long as eight hours on Saturday , a spokeswoman for the airline told CNN on Thursday . Alison Croyle , spokeswoman for the airline , said refunds are currently being issued to passengers on all five planes that remained on the tarmac of Bradley International Airport near Hartford , amid the severe snowstorm that hit the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic . "  Yes , we started issuing refunds , but it will take us a while to get everyone , " she said . She said the passengers were given a letter on Saturday notifying them of full refund for their trip and a roundtrip voucher for future trips , customer service was also told to call each customer and apologize . CNN Senior U.N. Correspondent Richard Roth , who was stuck for eight hours on the tarmac aboard JetBlue Flight 504 , said he had received a ticket price refund of $ 161.86 . That flight was bound for Newark , New Jersey , from Fort Lauderdale , Florida , but was diverted due to the weather . In a video posed Tuesday on the airline 's blog and YouTube channel , Chief Operating Officer Rob Maruster apologized for a "  confluence of events " that led to the incident , which he explained as "  various runway , congestion and other operational issues at Newark and JFK Airports . " However , Maruster said , "  at no point in this weekend was safety ever compromised . " "  But let 's face it , you count on us at JetBlue for a lot more -- and we promise a lot more -- and we know we let some of you down over the course of this weekend and for that we are truly sorry . " Maruster said the airline intends to "  fully participate with the Department of Transportation and cooperating with their investigation into events over the weekend , and we 're also going to conduct an internal evaluation so that we can learn from this event because at the end of the day , you deserve better -- and we expect better from our crew members and our operation . " During the eight-hour ordeal aboard Flight 504 , there was little food or water , passengers were fighting , and some had medical issues . "  I got a problem here on the airplane . I 'm going to need to have the cops onboard , " a flight crew member told the tower in a conversation posted on LiveATC.net , a website that monitors air traffic control conversations . "  I need some air stairs brought over here and the cops brought onboard the airplane . " Passenger Roseann Kozma explained the situation in a phone interview with CNN affiliate WTIC from the plane . "  A couple passengers are fighting and there 's a baby on here that 's been crying the whole time , " she said . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WTIC .	JetBlue : Refunds are being issued to passengers on five flights The planes were stranded at the Hartford , Connecticut , airport on Saturday "  It will take us a while to get  refunds to  everyone , " airline spokeswoman says
CNN  On the basketball court , Karl Turk forgets that he walks with a limp and a cane . He 'll get so caught up in the moment that he 'll gesture with his hands to make a point and his cane will go flying . He 's in the zone . Now , the man who was told he might never walk again is coaching his team in the state playoffs . Turk is the head basketball coach at West Oso High School in Corpus Christi , Texas . His team just clinched the district championship after an undefeated district season and are playing in the Texas State Basketball playoffs . It 's an impressive run for his first season as head coach -- and an inspiration to his young players . "  Coach shows us to never give up on any of your dreams , " says 14-year-old starter Creighton Avery , who has known Turk since he was 9 . Turk has been obsessed with basketball since he was a boy growing up in Indiana . When he was 5 years old , he learned to read by studying the sports pages with his grandfather . By the time he was 13 , he was dreaming of playing for the Indiana Pacers . All that changed on January 21 , 1994 . That night , the 14-year-old watched the Chicago Bulls beat his Pacers in an intense game . He walked to bed . He woke up paralyzed . He was rushed in an ambulance to the hospital . For two weeks , he was completely paralyzed from the waist down and had temporarily lost some of his eye sight . After numerous tests , Turk was diagnosed with Transverse Myelitis , a rare disease that causes inflammation of the spinal cord . Turk and his family were facing the harsh truth about what his quality of life would be like . He had to cope with the fact that he may not walk again . "  Most patients do not recover well , " said Turk . He spent the next 66 days in the hospital . A turning point came when Reggie Miller , the Indiana Pacers ' all-star player and Turk 's favorite basketballer , heard about what Turk was going through and paid him a visit in the hospital . Miller and Turk spent the next couple hours discussing each of their stories . The basketball player told him about growing up with pronated hips and having to wear leg braces , similar to the ones Turk was wearing at the time . He talked about what it took to be in the NBA : that many good ball players failed to embrace and work on what they were not good at , and personality and character weeded many good players out . "  Reggie inspired me and helped me to embrace who I was , " Turk said . "  For that moment , I felt he believed in me and saw my potential for greatness . " It 's a message that stuck with him as he entered high school in a wheelchair and began to adjust his dreams . There was hope he could walk on his own again but he would have to have assistance . Turk participated in a rigorous physical therapy regimen and by his senior year he shed his last leg brace and began to walk with a cane , which he continues to walk with today . "  I keep that last leg brace today on my desk as a reminder of where I have come from , " said Turk . Turk attended Indiana State University , where his dream to play college basketball turned into dreams of wanting to coach . In 2004 , he met Coach Ronnie Arrow , the head basketball coach at Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi , at a summer basketball camp and later worked for Arrow as the school 's director of basketball operations . "  When you first see him , you may think he ca n't do what others can , " Arrow , now retired , told CNN . "  But he gets the job done no matter what . " All Turk wanted was to coach his own basketball team . But it was n't so easy . From 2009 to 2010 , he applied for 10 high school head coaching positions and numerous assistant coaching positions . He only received one interview . The forced sabbatical led him to wonder if he really had a future in coaching . "  I knew my resume was competitive , " he said . "  I knew my passion for the game was n't exceeded by anyone . " He began to wonder if "  having a cane and an unusual gait " would prevent him from ever coaching . In the two years when he did n't have a team to coach , he studied other coaches ' methods and sought their advice on how he could improve . In 2010 , he was hired as assistant coach at West Oso . And in 2014 , almost 10 years after moving to Corpus Christi , he became the head coach . He has strived to embody the ideals that Reggie Miller imparted to him all those years ago in the hospital . "  I want my students to know that I care about them , that I work for and belong to them , " said Turk . "  So often , it 's the messenger more than the message , I want to be the messenger that my students embrace . " In his dreams , he can still play basketball . In reality , he has fallen down in practice , and during games . There is n't much room on the sidelines to walk up and down , and he often trips over his athletes ' feet . "  It hurts me that there are things that I can not physically demonstrate -- a lot of the footwork stuff with stops , turns and jumps . " But his players do n't seem to mind . "  We do n't notice his disability , we see him as a great coach , " said starter Creighton Avery . "  He is always positive and inspires us . "	Karl Turk , who was told he may never walk again , is coaching in the state playoffs Indiana Pacer visited Turk and inspired him to embrace his disability Turk applied for 10 head coaching positions , only to have one interview
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- A plane carrying senior government officials from Laos crashed Saturday in a province bordering Vietnam , authorities said . The country 's National Assembly President , Pany Yathotou , was on board the Laos air force plane , which was carrying 18 people , according to Lt. Gen. Nipat Thonglek , a Thai defense spokesman . Yathotou is the first woman to hold that high office . Other high ranking officials were on board , including the Laotian defense minister , who was traveling with his wife , the spokesman said . A regional governor was also on board the plane , which crashed in Xiangkhouang province north of Laos . The group was traveling to take part in the memorial celebration of a historic battle . A Thai television station showed photos of a jungle site in flames and victims in military uniforms . In October , a Laos Airlines propeller plane flight crashed near the Mekong River , killing all 49 on board , after flying through remnants of Typhoon Nari . CNN 's Millicent Smith contributed to this report	The crash occurred in a province in the north , near Vietnam Thai military official : 18 people were on board , including the Laotian defense minister The group was traveling to take part in the memorial celebration
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Debby shriveled to a tropical depression after hitting Florida on Tuesday , but it still packed heavy rains that threatened to worsen flooding along the Gulf Coast and inland towns , forecasters reported . Debby lumbered onto the marshy west coast near Steinhatchee , about 160 miles north of Tampa , on Tuesday afternoon , the National Hurricane Center announced . But it was projected to dump another 4 to 8 inches of precipitation across the area through Wednesday evening , on top of the 2 feet reported in some towns south of Tallahassee by Tuesday . In addition , storm and tidal surges caused flooding as far south as the Tampa Bay area , and it 's blamed for one death from a tornado spawned Sunday afternoon in the town of Venus , far inland . As of 8 p.m. ET , Debby had top winds of 35 mph . It was centered about 50 miles west of Gainesville , moving east-northeast at 6 mph and was n't expected to lose much strength as it crossed the Florida peninsula , forecasters said . Tropical storm warnings up and down the coast were dropped as the depression moved inland , but the storm left high water behind in several towns as it passed . In Sopchoppy , westward across Apalachee Bay from the landfall site , Crystal Pesek said she got a text message from her sister Tuesday morning , asking how the work on her kitchen cabinets was going . "  I told her it 's on hold , " said Pesek . That 's because the home she and her husband have spent hours painstakingly renovating was underwater . "  It 's on pilings , " Larry Pesek said . "  The water 's never been that high before , that goes without saying . It 's just heartbreaking because we 've put so much time and effort into the house . " In Sopchoppy , authorities rescued 57 people from homes surrounded by rising water , said Keith Blackmar of the Wakulla County Sheriff 's Office . "  It 's astonishing . I 've never seen anything like this , " Blackmar said Tuesday . "  Our soil is sandy , so it handles water well , but not this much rain . " "  The water levels came up so fast some of the folks did n't have time to actually pack their things and move out , so they 're having to do it after the fact , " Wakulla County Undersheriff Maurice Langston told CNN . Florida State University researcher Jeff Chanton said the area 's low-lying terrain contributes to the misery . "  The coastal gradient -- the rise of the land -- is very , very low here , " Chanton said . "  If you were to go swimming here and walk out from shore , you could walk out half a mile . " That means a relatively small storm surge can push water "  tens or hundreds of feet onshore , " he said . "  When you get a lot of rain , it tends to spread out , " said Chanton , a geochemist . "  So the rivers have large floodplains , and the water gets very wide when it gets wet like this . " Storm surges along Apalachee Bay were expected to run 2 to 4 feet , with 1 - to 3-foot tidal flooding expected to the south , including Tampa Bay , the hurricane center said . More than 26 inches of rain had been recorded in Sanborn , south of Tallahassee , by Tuesday morning . Nearby St. Marks saw nearly 22 inches . Other areas on the north side of Apalachee Bay clocked in with between 15 and 20 inches . Flooding and at least one sinkhole cut off parts of Interstate 10 , one of the state 's major thoroughfares , state transportation officials reported . The Suwannee River surged more than 25 feet in a day , rising from 55 feet deep at White Springs , west of Jacksonville , on Monday to nearly 81 feet on Tuesday afternoon . That 's about 4 feet over flood stage . "  We have significant flooding problems , " said Harvey Campbell , a spokesman for Columbia County 's emergency operations center . "  I have people who do n't remember in their lifetime the kind of rain we had overnight . " In Pasco County , north of Tampa , authorities issued a mandatory evacuation order Tuesday for 2,000 homes along the Cotee River . Officials were traveling by boat and car to get the word out , and water was standing in some homes as of Tuesday , county spokesman Eric Keaton . Another area river , the Anclote , was above flood stage on Tuesday , and water is not expected to recede for two days . A total of 106 homes in the county are reported damaged , Keaton said . President Barack Obama called Florida Gov. Rick Scott Tuesday "  to ensure the state had no unmet needs as the governor and his team continue to respond to extreme weather and flooding , " the White House said . Flooding was seen as far south as Fort Myers , where the Caloosahatchee River overflowed its banks into the downtown area . CNN iReporter Alex Butler , who is also a reporter at CNN affiliate WFTX , said normally there is a wall separating the land from the river , but the wall was underwater Tuesday . Obama "  expressed his condolences for the loss of life as well as the extensive damage to homes in Florida as a result of the storm , and reiterated that his administration -- through  the Federal Emergency Management Agency  -- would remain in close contact with the state as they continued to respond to this event and stood ready to provide additional assistance if necessary , " the White House said . At the state 's request , a FEMA liaison officer was on site at the Florida state emergency operations center , according to the White House . Scott declared a state of emergency Monday "  so we can coordinate the use of all state resources to make sure we can respond promptly if anything happens . " Near Tampa , wildlife officials assessed weather conditions so they could assist a manatee calf whose mother was found dead . Residents tied the mother to a sea wall so the calf would n't leave its side . An adult male manatee was also staying with the mother and calf . The calf 's mother was moved , and officials discovered the calf was older than initially thought , so it was allowed to swim away into Tampa Bay , said Andy Garrette of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . CNN 's George Howell , Sean Morris , Matt Smith , Ashley Hayes , Sarah Dillingham , Kim Segal , John Zarrella , Rich Phillips and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Debby , now a tropical depression , moves inland across Florida Heavy rain sweeps over low-lying coastal flats The Suwannee River is forecast to rise 22 feet in one day Flooding prompts the closure of parts of Interstate 10
CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden emphasized a "  new tone " in Washington and around the world as he delivered his first major speech Saturday in Munich , Germany . "  America will do more , " Vice President Joe Biden told the Munich Security Conference in Germany on Saturday . Biden told delegates at a security conference that the United States will work "  preventively , not pre-emptively " whenever possible to avoid conflict , and will at the same time "  vigorously defend " the nation 's security . He also said the United States will do everything possible to end the threat posed by extremists . "  We reject as false the choice between our safety and ideals , " Biden told the Munich Security Conference audience , which included German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy . "  America will vigorously defend our security and our values , and in doing so we will all be more secure . " That policy will be in force at Guantanamo Bay detention camp , the U.S. prison that the Obama administration intends to close , Biden said . Watch Biden address security conference " "  America will not torture . We will uphold the rights of those we bring to justice , " Biden said . The vice president emphasized cooperation with allies and to extend a hand to others . He asked for shared responsibility for security and fighting extremism . "  America will do more . That 's the good news , " Biden said . "  The bad news is , America will ask from more from our partners as well . " Obama 's administration does n't believe international alliances or organizations will diminish American power , Biden said . In fact , he said , such alliances do the opposite -- as long as they are "  credible and effective . " He said nations working together can help persuade Iran to forgo the development of nuclear weapons , an "  illicit " program that Biden said is not conducive to peace . "  Our administration is reviewing our policy toward Iran , but this much is clear : We 'll be willing to talk , " Biden said . "  We 'll be willing to talk to Iran and to offer a very clear choice : Continue down the current course and there will be pressure and isolation ; abandon the illicit nuclear program and your support for terrorism and there will be meaningful incentives . " By acting preventively to avoid conflict , Biden said , the United States can start to recapture its strength . Biden stressed a commitment to reach peace in the Middle East and draw down U.S. forces in Iraq . He also said the United States will continue to work for a stable Afghanistan . "  We look forward to sharing that commitment with the government and people of Afghanistan and Pakistan , and with all of our allies and partners , because a deteriorating situation in the region poses a security threat not just to the United States , but I would suggest , somewhat presumptively , to every one of you assembled in this room , " Biden said . Obama ordered a strategic review of U.S. policy in Afghanistan and Pakistan and is soliciting input from allies , Biden said . "  We are sincere in seeking your counsel , " Biden said . "  As we undertake this review , there 's a lot at stake . The result must be a comprehensive strategy for which we all take responsibility . " The United States also aims to increase foreign assistance to ease poverty , boost education , cancel the debts of poor countries , and launch a "  green revolution " that produces sustainable supplies of food . "  We also are determined to build a sustainable future for our planet , " Biden said . "  We are prepared to once again lead by example . " On the issue of a U.S. missile shield in Eastern Europe -- a bone of contention with Russia -- Biden said the United States will remain firm in defending against the nuclear threat , and he said Washington aims to work together with Moscow . "  We will not agree with Russia on everything , " he said . "  For example , the United States will not -- will not -- recognize South Ossetia and Abkhazia as independent states . We will not recognize any nation having a sphere of influence . " But , Biden added , "  the United States and Russia can disagree and still work together where our interests coincide , and they coincide in many places . " Deputy Russian Prime Minister Sergei Ivanov had started off the day Saturday by proposing a ban on deployment of strategic offensive weapons outside a country 's borders , Russia 's Interfax news agency reported . Biden also promised that America will "  act aggressively against climate change . "	Vice president addresses security conference in Munich , Germany Obama administration values international alliances , he says Biden promises to consult with Russia on placement of missile defense U.S. will "  act aggressively against climate change , " ask help to fight terrorism
LONDON , England  CNN  -- London police said Thursday they are planning one of the largest and most complex operations in their history as the city gears up to host the G-20 summit next week . Police divers carry out security checks near the site of next week 's G-20 summit in London . London 's three police forces are being brought under a single umbrella for the G-20 security plan , dubbed Operation Glencoe , said Cmdr. Simon O'Brien of London 's Metropolitan Police . Police forces from surrounding counties like Essex and Sussex are also assisting with security , he said . Officers will be protecting the summit venue , delegates , their hotels , their official engagements , as well as monitoring protests around the capital , O'Brien said . "  This is one of the largest , one of the most challenging , and one of the most complicated operations that we 've ever delivered , " he told reporters Thursday . The Met Police has canceled all staff leave for April 1 and 2 . The summit takes place April 2 . Watch security preparations for the G-20 meeting " O'Brien would not say how many police officers would be on duty , but he said there were 10,500 police shifts being scheduled between March 24 and April 2 . The total cost of the security operation is # 7.2 million  $ 10.4 million  , he said . The G-20 summit brings together heads of state and financial leaders from the top 20 industrialized and emerging economies . Leaders from non-G-20 nations will also be represented , along with hundreds of other officials including the heads of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank . The one-day summit is already attracting a "  significant amount of interest " from protest groups , O'Brien said . "  Old faces on the protest circuit " have started to reappear ahead of the event , he said , although he gave no names . "  Some see the G-20 as an opportunity to galvanize support " for their various other causes , he said . The first big protest is expected to take place Saturday in Central London . Police expect some 20,000 people to turn out , O'Brien said . Though organized by trade unions , some 120 different groups are taking part in the "  Put People First " march , which will start at Victoria Station , wind through Trafalgar Square , and end in a demonstration at Hyde Park . Heavy rain is predicted for Saturday . April 1 , the day before the summit , will see various smaller demonstrations in central London . Protesters are calling it "  Financial Fools Day , " a play on April Fools Day and the anger surrounding the current economic crisis . An "  Alternative G-20 Summit " will also taking place near the summit venue , the ExCeL convention center in east London . Police have been developing intelligence about all the demonstrations and a policing plan for each one , O'Brien said . There will be no special laws under which officers can arrest protesters who break the law , he said , and counter-terrorism measures will only be used when they apply . Asked about reports that some protesters may be planning violence similar to the recent riots in Greece , O'Brien said simply that police have "  well-rehearsed tactics " and an experienced team on hand to deal with it . "  We will not tolerate any people breaking the law , attacking buildings , people , or our officers , " he said . There have also been reports that protesters may be planning to storm important buildings like the Bank of England . O'Brien said only that police were prepared for a "  range of instances . " The ExCeL venue is in East London , 10 minutes from the financial district of Canary Wharf , and there are concerns that protesters angry about the economy could target workers in the area . The London Chamber of Commerce said many firms are advising their staff to take precautionary measures , including wearing more casual clothing , hiding any company logos , canceling unnecessary meetings , and keeping movement in and out of the building to a minimum . "  The vast majority of firms will have robust security arrangements in place , " said the Chamber 's chief executive , Colin Stanbridge . "  Canceling unnecessary meetings may have to be considered , but people should n't feel as though they ca n't travel in London to conduct important business . " UBS , which has offices in the financial district , would not confirm any specific measures but said the company was prepared . "  We are aware of the situation and we 'll have appropriate security measures in place , " a company spokeswoman told CNN . O'Brien called the precautionary measures "  common sense " but said police would work to ensure that companies face no disruption next week . "  This is a very complex operation with some really experienced public order commanders , " he said . "  We 're up for it and we 're up to it . "	Police say they are planning one of their largest and most complex operations London 's 3 police forces under a single umbrella for the G-20 security plan "  Unprecedented " protests expected ahead of next Thursday 's summit meeting Protests include street party outside Bank of England dubbed "  Financial Fools Day "
A Columbia University professor who wrote about hate crimes against Sikhs may have become a victim of one himself when 12 to 15 people attacked him while shouting anti-Muslim slurs , police said . Prabhjot Singh , a Sikh and a professor of international and public affairs , said the attackers were yelling "  get Osama " and "  terrorist " when they swarmed him Saturday night near Central Park in New York . "  There were about 20 of them . A few surrounded me , and started punching me , " Singh said , according to the Sikh Coalition . Explainer : Who are Sikhs , and what do they believe ? He suffered injuries to his face , including displaced teeth and a possible fracture in his lower jaw , as well as severe bruising and a small puncture on his elbow , the coalition said . Singh was treated and released from Mount Sinai hospital . The New York Police Department said it is investigating the incident as a hate crime . "  This is a tremendous blow not just to Prabhjot and Sikh Americans , but to the ideals of all New Yorkers , " said Amardeep Singh , program director of the Sikh Coalition . "  What happened did not happen in a vacuum . Here in New York City , we regularly receive reports that Sikh school children are called ` Bin Laden ' or ` terrorist ' by classmates and sometimes endure physical violence . " The professor co-wrote a 2012 op-ed for The New York Times , saying "  the legacy of anti-Sikh violence and its contemporary prevalence make it painfully obvious that anti-Sikh violence is often purposeful and targeted . " He called for the government to start tracking hate violence against Sikhs specifically , instead of categorizing such instances as anti-Islamic hate crimes like the FBI generally does . The United States is home to about 700,000 Sikhs , nearly all of Indian origin . The men often wear beards and turbans , a tradition that 's lasted for 500 years . But the attire and appearance have also meant that they are often mistaken for Muslims , and Sikhs have become targets of anti-Islam attacks . Since 9/11 , the Sikh Coalition reported more than 700 attacks or bias-related incidents against Sikhs , including the fatal shooting of six people at a Sikh temple last year outside Milwaukee , Wisconsin . The coalition also cited beatings of Sikhs across the country after the victims were taunted about their turbans or subjected to racial slurs . Sikhism , the world 's fifth most popular religion , is a monotheistic faith that believes in equality and service to others , Sikh officials say . NYC beating death being investigated as possible hate crime	Prabhjot Singh , a Columbia University professor , was attacked near Central Park Singh , a Sikh , says the assailants were yelling , "  get Osama " and "  terrorist " New York police are investigating the case as a hate crime Sikhism is the world 's fifth most popular religion
CNN Student News  -- February 27 , 2014 Covered this Thursday on CNN Student News : U.S. troops in Afghanistan , tourism in Brazil , Black History Month in the U.S. , and a Character Study from a North Texas middle school . We 'll also explain what Undulatus Asperatus is and show you how it looked as it flowed through the Atlanta skyline . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why do you think that audiences enjoy seeing stories about hero homecomings ? Do you think that news coverage should include more of these kinds of stories ? Explain . Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . favela 2 . FIFA World Cup 3 . Undulatus Asperatus Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . When are many of the U.S. troops currently in Afghanistan expected to come home ? What responsibilities would be assigned to U.S. troops who remain there ? Why is President Obama threatening to pull all U.S. troops out by the end of December ? Why does one government official in Pakistan say that would be a mistake ? 2 . What is a favela ? What major international sports event is coming to Brazil in June ? How are some living in nearby favelas trying to take advantage of this event ? What upsides can staying in a favela offer to tourists ? According to the video , what are some of the problems associated with living in Rio de Janeiro 's favelas ? 3 . In what field have Chelsi Henry and Atia Omara made a difference ? How are these women involved in that field ? What program did Kimberly Bryant launch ? How has this program helped others ? 4 . How did the students honor Air Force Technical Sgt. Troy Harvey ? How did Harvey react to the students ' gesture ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is your opinion of a possible total withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan ? Do you agree or disagree with President Obama 's rationale ? Explain . 2 . In the video , we hear that favelas can offer World Cup visitors an "  authentic experience . " What does this phrase mean ? When visiting another country , how might staying in a small village instead of a large city give a person unique insights into the country 's people and culture ? What might be some challenges associated with staying in a small village versus staying in a hotel in the city ? 3 . Who are some individuals you would like to see recognized for their contributions to contemporary Black History ? In what fields have they excelled ? How might their contributions inspire others ? 4 . Have you ever attended or organized a hero 's homecoming ? If so , describe the experience . How does an event like this impact the returning veteran and the community ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Detroit  CNN  -- A Nigerian man accused of attempting to detonate an explosive device in his underwear aboard a Christmas 2009 flight to Detroit will head to trial on October 4 , a federal judge said Tuesday . Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab was ordered to attend the Tuesday afternoon hearing in U.S. District Court in Michigan , despite the his efforts to not appear . In September , AbdulMutallab told U.S. District Judge Nancy Edmunds he did not want to be represented by the public defenders assigned to his case and wanted to act as his own lawyer . Edmunds agreed , but appointed a standby counsel for him in case he needs help . Last week , AbdulMutallab 's standby lawyer requested that the suspect not attend Tuesday 's hearing . "  As long as  the  defendant chooses to represent himself in this matter , he must appear at court for all proceedings , " Edmunds wrote in her court order . AbdulMutallab has been indicted on charges that include attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction , conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism and possession of a firearm or destructive device in furtherance of an act of violence . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges . He was a passenger on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 en route to Detroit from the Netherlands on Christmas Day 2009 . According to an indictment , he went into a restroom shortly before the plane was to land , and when he returned to his seat he said his stomach was upset and pulled a blanket over himself . Prosecutors allege he then tried to ignite an explosive device that was hidden in his underwear . Passengers and flight crew members subdued him . U.S. officials say the terror group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was behind the alleged bombing attempt . CNN 's Laura Dolan contributed to this report	NEW : Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab will head to trial on October 4 , a federal judge says He is accused of trying to set off an explosive device aboard a plane The incident occurred on a plane coming into Detroit on Christmas 2009
CNN  -- Ah , the '80s . In popular memory , which is forever determined to turn everything to kitsch , the Decade of Reagan is now reduced to pastel colors , overworked synthesizers and parachute pants . John Oates , left , and Daryl Hall formed one of the most successful duos in pop music history . And Hall & Oates ? A tall guy with feathered blond locks , a short guy with a fat mustache and the ever-present beat of "  Maneater " on MTV . Perhaps it 's time to set the record straight -- which is what Daryl Hall and John Oates have in mind with "  Do What You Want , Be What You Are "  RCA/Legacy  , a four-CD boxed set that spans their career , including rare tracks , live cuts and all the hits that made them one of the top-selling duos of all time . The set is out Tuesday . "  It always has bothered us " to be dismissed as shallow popsters , adds Oates , 60 , in a phone interview . "  Early rock journalism tended to fluff us off as prefab hitmakers with some sort of formula . ... -LSB- But now -RSB- we have a whole new respect and a whole new generation of musicians and fans who look at our music from a much broader , much more objective point of view . " Fellow musicians have been some of the first to pay tribute . In the boxed set 's liner notes , there is praise from Mick Jagger , Cheap Trick 's Rick Nielsen and Death Cab for Cutie 's Ben Gibbard  who says 1984 's "  Big Bam Boom " was the first record he ever bought with his own money  . CNN caught up with Hall , just turned 63 , and Oates on separate calls and asked them about their first meeting , the stories behind some of their songs and what they 've been up to recently . Herewith a few answers ; supply your own beat . In the beginning ... Both men were raised in the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , area and attended Temple University in the late '60s , but did n't formally meet until their respective bands were set to play an R&B teen dance in 1967 . Oates : "  We were waiting backstage to go on and a big gang fight broke out and we went down the service elevator and we left . And as we were going down we kind of met . " Gang fight ? Gunfire and clubs and dog chains ? Hall : "  Typical Philadelphia scene . We did n't even blink an eye . " Developing a sound The pair 's work is known for its combination of smooth R&B and punchy rock . The blend comes from their backgrounds , with Hall originally on the "  B team "  his words  for Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff 's Philly productions and Oates ' roots in folk and rock . Hall : "  We were just putting together the sounds that were around us and trying to put our version of it together . One reason we did n't stick around in Philly -- I remember having a conversation with Kenny Gamble , and he said , ` Why do n't you come and be artists on Philadelphia International -- we 're starting this new label . ' And I said , we want to do our own version of the Philly sound , so we need to separate ourselves from you . And so we moved to New York with that idea in mind . " Creating "  She 's Gone " Hall : "  I heard John playing this chord progression on an acoustic guitar , going ` She 's gone , whoa I , whoa I ' ... it sort of reminded me of a Cat Stevens song . So I said , let 's get funky with it . So I sat down at my Wurlitzer piano and started playing that riff ... and we sat down and wrote about the things that were happening to both of us at the time . " That evocative line about "  Let the carbon and monoxide choke my thoughts away " ? "  That was coming straight from living in the streets , " says Hall . "  An English person once said , ` You know , it 's carbon monoxide , not carbon and monoxide . ' And I said yeah , but it does n't sing right ! "  The song , unsuccessful upon first release in 1974 , became a huge hit on its second try in 1976 . How Hall & Oates changed Though the group continued to have hits through the '70s , it was n't until 1981 and "  Kiss on My List " they became blockbuster hitmakers . Oates attributes the change to moving back to New York from Los Angeles , California , and assuming production duties . Oates : "  We worked with David -LSB- Foster -RSB- on an album called ` Along the Red Ledge , ' and during that time we were going back to New York and getting involved in the punk and New Wave scene . ... And then we did one more album called ` X-Static , ' and I remember distinctly while we were making the album , David said , ` Why am I here ? You know what you want to do . ' ... "  And we went on to produce ourselves , and we never looked back . The next album was ` Voices ' and you know the story from there . " What Michael Jackson borrowed During the making of "  We Are the World , " Hall crossed paths with Michael Jackson , who told him he nicked a Hall & Oates song for his own ends . Hall recalls , "  Michael was trying to break the ice with me -- I 'd never really talked with him much , I 'd met him -- and he said , ' I hope you do n't mind . I took " -LSB- I Ca n't Go for That -RSB- No Can Do " and made "  Billie Jean , " the groove , out of it . ' And I said no , of course not . It 's all part of -LSB- the process -RSB- . " Two sides of "  Every Time You Go Away " Paul Young took this Hall tune to No. 1 in 1985 . Hall : "  I thought he made a great pop record out of a song that I 'd never really related to , in the beginning , as a pop song -- it was a gospel song to me , with secular words . ... It has a lot of similarity , in spirit , to ` Sara Smile . ' " And the hits just keep on comin ' Hall & Oates ' record includes 29 Top 40 hits -- including six No. 1s -- but they say they never knew what would make the charts . Oates : "  The hits were a byproduct of the albums that we made . We never really set out to have all these hits . That was just a bonus . " iReport.com : Hall , Oates on "  Sara Smile , " social networking Method of modern music Hall , who 's doing "  quite well " after a bout with Lyme disease several years ago , lives in upstate New York ; Oates in Colorado . The two are friendly and do occasional concerts , including the final show at Philly 's Spectrum arena October 23 , but in general stay busy with solo projects , including Hall 's "  Live from Daryl 's House " and Oates ' songwriter series . Still , Oates says there 's something special about the combination of their talents , and he 's happy others appreciate what they 've done -- whether through covers , sampling or simply listening . "  We 've done what we 've done , it 's a moment in time , we 've put it out there for the world , and I think for other artists to then reinterpret it is in the great tradition of pop music , " he says . "  It 's very much in the tradition of how pop evolves . "	Hall & Oates have a "  whole new respect " from musicians , listeners , says Oates Pair met in late '60s at a raucous concert when a gang fight broke out Hitmakers had most success in early '80s with "  Private Eyes , " "  Maneater " Michael Jackson borrowed groove of "  I Ca n't Go for That " for "  Billie Jean "
CNN  -- The rapper who mutilated himself and then jumped from a Los Angeles building has broken his silence about what happened . Andre Johnson was severely injured in April after he severed his penis and leaped from the second level of a building in North Hollywood . He told E! that he was under the influence of drugs at the time but insisted that he knew what he was doing . "  Yes , I was using drugs that night , but I was in complete control , " he said . "  I cut it off because that was the root of all my problems . My solution to the problem was the realization that sex is for mortals , and I am a god . ... Those kinds of activities got me into trouble , and I came here to be a god . " Johnson performs under the name Christ Bearer and his group Northstar was affiliated with the Wu-Tang Clan . Johnson said he had n't spoken out on the incident before because "  People perceived me as crazy , so I never wanted to speak wholeheartedly on the matter . " Doctors were n't able to reattach the penis , he told E! . He said he had been seeing a psychologist after he was discharged but that he has been deemed okay . He said he was thankful to God when he awoke in the hospital still alive . "  I did n't want to kill myself , " Johnson said . "  That was just my response to the demons . They were doing their best to get to me , but being alive solidified my thoughts . ... I 'm alive , penis or no penis . " Photos : Celebrity substance abuse confessions	Andre Johnson told E! he was n't attempting suicide He said he had done drugs but knew what he was doing "  I 'm alive , penis or no penis , " Johnson said
CNN  -- Pulling Ukraine closer than ever militarily to NATO , the embattled nation 's president affirmed Thursday his desire to combat "  Russian aggression " while expressing cautious optimism that peace , even if it 's temporary , could soon be in reach . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko spoke from the NATO summit in Wales about new steps strengthening his country 's security partnership with the European-North American alliance following months of fighting against what he claims are Russian-backed -- despite Moscow 's denials -- rebels . This fighting has gone on for months in spite of rhetoric preaching peace from all sides and a host of diplomatic initiatives , the next of which is a meeting Friday in Belarus ' capital that will include representatives from Ukraine , the rebels and Russia . "  As president of Ukraine ,  I am  ready to do my best to stop the war , " Poroshenko said . "  And ... I have , I can say , a careful optimism for tomorrow 's meeting ... in Minsk because beforehand  Russian and rebel leaders said  they are ready for an immediate ceasefire . " Standing alongside Poroshenko , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said that "  the best way forward would be to find a political solution . " But he expressed reservations that Moscow 's latest public comments on its desire for peace will be an different than its past ones , after which the violence has ratcheted up rather than slowing down . "  What counts is what is actually happening on the ground , " said Rasmussen , who accused Russia of having thousands of troops inside Ukraine who have fired on Ukrainian military positions . "  Previously , we have seen similar statements and initiatives . And they have actually just been smokescreens for continued Russian destabilization . " Rebels : Open to ceasefire with ' a political settlement ' Rebel leaders in eastern Ukraine 's Donetsk and Luhansk regions said in a joint statement Thursday that they would be prepared to order a ceasefire as of 3 p.m. Friday "  if agreements are achieved and Ukrainian officials sign a plan for a political settlement of the conflict . " These heads of the self-declared Donetsk and Luhansk People 's Republics will take part in talks in Belarus on Friday , the statement said , when they will present their proposals on ensuring compliance with the plan . Russian President Vladimir Putin recently presented a seven-point road map to end the conflict in eastern Ukraine , though that plan was quickly dismissed by Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk as a rescue plan for pro-Moscow rebels . Putin and other Kremlin officials have voiced sympathy for separatists , many of whom are ethnic Russians , while harshly criticizing the Kiev-based government for what they say is a heavy-handed military assault that 's killed innocent civilians and contributed to a humanitarian crisis that 's affected many others . But they say they have n't sent Russian troops into the war-torn region in eastern Ukraine -- a claim that Poroshenko , Rasmussen and their allies are n't buying . The United States believes Russia now has three to five "  battalion task groups " conducting military operations inside Ukraine , according to two U.S. military officials . Each group can have as many as a thousand troops . Many more Russian troops control the border with Ukraine for thousands of miles -- from Rostov to Donetsk , the U.S. officials say . NATO offers funding , military assistance to Ukraine The reported incursion into Ukraine , and the threat that Russian forces could move even deeper into the country and perhaps into neighboring ones , has caught the attention of many in the West . "  This is the first time since the end of World War II that one European country has tried to grab another 's territory by force , " said Rasmussen . "  Europe must not turn away from the rule of law to the rule of the strongest . " To curb this push , NATO is n't sending troops to the front lines in Ukraine , but it is bolstering its partnership with the Kiev government . That includes a focus on improving the Ukrainian military 's cyber-defense , logistics and command and control capabilities , as well nearly $ 20 million in NATO funding for Ukraine on top of other monetary contributions from its member states , Rasmussen said . Furthermore , Poroshenko said there 's a push to achieve "  full interoperability between Ukraine and NATO " plus systemic reforms that could lead to Ukraine some day formally joining the alliance . That would be significant because all NATO forces are obliged , per the terms of the alliance , to come to the defense of any other NATO member country that 's been invaded . "  A friend in need is a friend indeed , " Poroshenko said . "  And  what NATO countries have done so far  was a very strong demonstration of solidarity with Ukraine . " President : ` Ukraine ... pays the highest price , every single day ' While the sides offer divergent views about who is involved and who is to blame , there 's no doubt the violence -- for now , at least -- is in full swing . Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council spokesman Andriy Lysenko told reporters Thursday that Russia continues to fly reconnaissance drones over its territory and shell Ukrainian military positions . In the town of Debaltsevo , for instance , Ukrainian troops are being shelled and are nearly surrounded , Lysenko said from Kiev . A CNN team in Mariupol saw a large plume of smoke from artillery fire less than three miles from the main Ukrainian checkpoint heading out of the southeastern port city toward the border town of Novoazovsk , which Kiev said last week was seized by Russian troops . Another CNN staffer with a Ukrainian spotter unit about six miles east of Mariupol witnessed sustained artillery bombardment of the area , with firing on a wide front and coming from the Russian border area . This indicates that the rebel positions are now are much closer to the city than they were previously . Poroshenko said ending the conflict -- which since mid-April has cost the lives of about 840 Ukrainian troops , with over 3,000 more injured -- will require Russia to pull back its troops from Ukraine and from the border . "  Ukraine  is the  object of the aggression , and we have have to do our best  to  immediately stop the aggression , " the President said . "  Why ? Because it is exactly Ukraine that pays the highest price , every single day . " CNN 's Nic Robertson , Diana Magnay , Tim Lister , Jason Hanna and Barbara Starr , as well as journalist Victoria Butenko , contributed to this report .	Ukraine 's president meets with the heads of NATO countries in Wales Ukraine is bolstering its military partnership with NATO , Poroshenko says He says he 's "  ready ... to stop the war , " hopes talks with rebels lead to peace NATO 's chief cautions that earlier Moscow 's remarks on peace went nowhere
CNN  -- Dick Van Dyke thought Walt Disney wanted to see him about "  Mary Poppins " because of his singing and dancing skills . But the legendary studio founder had something else in mind . Dick Van Dyke played Bert the chimney sweep in "  Mary Poppins . " "  He had heard me in an interview talking about what was happening to family entertainment , " says Van Dyke in a phone interview , still amused by the memory . "  I was decrying the fact that it seemed like no holds were barred anymore in entertainment . ... That 's why he called me in , because I said something he agreed with . " Disney , after years of cajoling "  Poppins " author P.L. Travers , was finally mounting a production of the books about a magical nanny . With Van Dyke , he knew he was also getting a star as well as a like-minded performer . The actor 's TV sitcom , "  The Dick Van Dyke Show , " was a steady hit at the time , and he had won a Tony for his work in the stage version of "  Bye Bye Birdie . " With Van Dyke as the Cockney chimney sweep Bert , fellow Tony winner Julie Andrews  in her movie debut  as Poppins and several old pros in tow , Disney went ahead with production on the 1964 film , which was to become one of the biggest hits his studio ever produced . The movie earned five Oscars -- including a best actress win for Andrews -- and its Richard and Robert Sherman songs , such as "  Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious , " "  Feed the Birds " and the Oscar-winning "  Chim Chim Cher-ee , " have become standards . Forty-five years later , "  Poppins " is also a hit stage show , with excerpts of the Broadway production featured on a new 45th-anniversary DVD . Van Dyke , 83 , took a few minutes to talk about the film , his much-maligned Cockney accent and Michelle Obama 's fondness for his old TV show . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Tell me about Walt Disney . People think of him as a brand name nowadays , but he was a real person and still alive when you made the film . Was he a presence on the set ? Dick Van Dyke : Absolutely . He was very much into this and believed in it . He hung around the set a lot . And I 'm happy to say he was so pleased with the way it was going , as we all were . CNN : How did you end up with the part of Bert ? Van Dyke : Well , I thought he hired me because I was such a great singer and dancer . As it turns out , he had heard me in an interview talking about what was happening to family entertainment . I was decrying the fact that it seemed like no holds were barred anymore in entertainment . ... He knew about the "  Van Dyke Show , " about our little sitcom , but that 's why he called me in , because I said something he agreed with . And I got the part . CNN : "  The Dick Van Dyke Show " was still on at the time . Were you balancing the "  Van Dyke Show " at the same time you did "  Poppins , " or were you on hiatus ? Van Dyke : It was on hiatus . That whole decade of the '60s , that 's what I did for 10 years -- I did the show and then a movie , a show and then a movie . I felt I 'd better make hay while the sun shined . ... It always worked out pretty well . But I found myself getting up in the morning and taking off on the freeway and forgetting where in the hell I was supposed to go , and a couple times I showed up at the wrong studio . CNN : You 've taken a lot of ribbing over the years for your Cockney accent . Van Dyke : Oh , have I ever . CNN : Did Andrews or David Tomlinson -LSB- who played Mr. Banks -RSB- mention things to you about the accent ? Or did they just go with the flow ? Van Dyke : They just went with the flow ! It 's funny -- I was concentrating on the dancing , mostly , and they had given me a -LSB- voice -RSB- coach who turned out to be an Irishman , and his Cockney was n't much better than mine . During the making of the picture nobody kidded me about the accent , but I sure took it afterwards . -LSB- One British poll named Van Dyke 's accent the second-worst British accent ever ; Van Dyke observes , however , that he was beaten out by Sean Connery 's "  Untouchables " performance . -RSB- CNN : Tell me about the way the movie was shot . There were a lot of scenes with animated characters , and today those would be shot with a blue screen or computer animation . Van Dyke : I think it 's such a shame that Walt did n't live to see computer animation , because he would have had a good time with it . ... In those days it was before the blue screen . They used what was called yellow sulphur lighting -- the screen was yellow , and we worked with that all day , and by the time the day was over you could n't see anything . ... It was just an empty soundstage . And sometimes we did n't even have the music -- we would just dance to a click rhythm . But I think technically it holds up today just as well as anything . CNN : Did you know what some of the animated sequences were going to be ? Van Dyke : Yes , that was in the script . But I had to go to Walt and talk him into letting me do the old -LSB- bank president -RSB- . I said , I 'll do that part and I wo n't even charge you . So he made me do a little screen test and gave me the part . ... And he did n't pay me -- I had to donate $ 4,000 to his CalArts school . He was a little horse trader . CNN : You worked with Ed Wynn in the film , and I know you 're a huge fan of the old comedians . What was Wynn like ? Van Dyke : He was in his -LSB- late 70s -RSB- at the time , and not very well . He did all that "  I Love to Laugh " stuff hanging from the ceiling , and it was just so hard on him , but he was a trouper . He was a sweet old guy . He had a palsy -- his head would move from side to side , kind of involuntarily . But the minute they would say "  Action , " it would stop . And he 'd do the scene , and the minute they said "  Cut , " it would start in again . CNN : Let me change gears . Michelle Obama has said that "  The Dick Van Dyke Show " is one of her favorite shows . Van Dyke : I 've heard that , and I sent them a note and said , "  Thank you for making me famous all over again . " I call them the black Rob and Laura . CNN : Is it nice that so much of your work has had longevity ? Van Dyke : I just lucked into working with geniuses like -LSB- "  Van Dyke Show " creator -RSB- Carl Reiner and Walt . I just lucked out .	"  Mary Poppins " came out 45 years ago ; won five Oscars , including best actress Star Dick Van Dyke has been ribbed about his Cockney accent Van Dyke pleased that his show was among Michelle Obama 's favorites
CNN  -- Did we miss something ? If you know of additional ways to help those affected by the severe weather please tweet us @CNNImpact , and/or please comment below . A recent spate of storms ripped across the central and southeastern US causing widespread destruction and multiple deaths . Entire neighborhoods were leveled in the Arkansas towns of Mayflower and Vilonia , with more damage reported in the towns of Louisville and Tupelo , Mississippi and Athens , Alabama - as well as Quapaw , Oklahoma and Baxter Springs , Kansas . The storm system also brought torrential rain to southeastern Alabama and the Florida Panhandle . More than a foot of rain has caused severe flooding which has washed out bridges and poured into homes , with many residents requiring rescue . The Red Cross is active with immediate relief at shelters and in the areas of devastation . You can donate online directly to the Disaster Relief fund or by calling 1-800-RED-CROSS  1-800-733-2767  . You can also make a $ 10 donation by mobile phone when you text REDCROSS to 90999 . The Salvation Army has disaster response teams and mobile feeding units that are prepared to provide immediate care , food and water . The Salvation Army has launched a specific tornado relief fund . You can also donate $ 10 by texting STORM to 80888 , or by phone at 1-800-SAL-ARMY  1-800-725-2769  . Americares response staff have been deployed to affected areas , organizing shipments of emergency aid and medicine for those impacted or displaced by the storms . They are accepting donations to help with their relief effort . Matthew 25 : Ministries ' Disaster Response Team is helping in Mayflower , distributing food , water and personal care items . If you choose to make an online donation , specify "  Arkansas Tornado Relief " in the "  in honor of " field in the form . Operation Blessing International has deployed its disaster relief team to Tupelo Mississippi , to help with cleanup efforts . They are also sending bottled water , food and relief supplies to the areas affected in Arkansas and Tennessee . They are accepting donations to their Disaster Relief Fund to help specifically with this effort . Samaritan 's Purse is helping homeowners remove debris , salvage personal belongings and place tarps . They have deployed Disaster Relief Units to the hard hit towns of Mayflower and Vilonia , Arkansas . They have also sent teams to help in Baxter Springs , Kansas and Louisville , Mississippi . You can help their efforts by donating online . Save The Children has launched their American Tornado Relief Fund for Children , and their team is on the ground in Mississippi to help children in shelters and the areas affected with child-focused supplies , programs and and care centers . They are also assessing how they can help the children in the other states affected by these storms . You can support this fund online or make a $ 10 donation by texting TWISTER to 20222 . The United Way of Central Arkansas are also collecting funds and supplies for those affected . If you want to make an online donation , they ask that you specify on the donation form that you want it directed to their Arkansas Tornado Relief Fund . Worldvision is responding by bringing supplies to affected regions , including food , water , personal hygiene kits and blankets . You can find details of their relief efforts here . Thus far , effective long range weather forecasts have been credited with saving many lives in this particularly violent storm outbreak , but please be aware of weather updates and stay safe !	Severe weather wreaks havoc across central U.S. The Red Cross is working at shelters and in areas of devastation The Salvation Army has launched a tornado relief fund
CNN  With Ben Ainslie , it 's in the stare . Charming , polite , every bit the sailor-cum-businessman , the clothes are perfectly pressed with not a hair out of place . But it 's the look in his brown eyes , the glare that offers a glimpse of the other side of sailing 's Jekyll and Hyde . His friend and America 's Cup rival skipper Iain Percy once described him as the "  most competitive man on the planet . " And on an industrial estate in a small , understated office -- quintessentially Ainslie -- in Portsmouth on England 's south coast , Britain 's greatest ever sailor is plotting how to win the America 's Cup . "  It 's the same drive to win , " he says of Britain 's bid to seal their first win in the event 's 163-year history . "  Until we 're on the start line we wo n't know for sure how we 've done . It 's exciting and terrifying so you have to keep the intensity . " Even Ainslie admits to having different personalities on and off the water : "  I 'm pretty aggressive and I certainly would n't want to be like that on land . " On the water , there 's no shut-off valve , just an unabated desire to win . It was there to see in his four Olympic gold medal wins , most notably his infamous Incredible Hulk-inspired "  do n't make me angry " speech to his rivals at the London 2012 Games . It 's even there in training . In the build-up to those Olympics , I traveled to Mallorca to watch Ainslie , already selected for the Games , racing against his British Finn rivals , who were there simply to support him . At dinner the night before , he was quiet and unassuming . On the water , it was like a switch had been flicked , a red mist descended . Ainslie was determined to win this particular training session , racing as though Olympic gold was being dangled before him . It 's a competitive nature that has landed Ainslie in hot water . The contentious tactics he employed to edge out Robert Scheidt and win his first Olympic title , led to death threats from Scheidt 's native Brazil and Ainslie confesses to "  still losing my temper when things are n't going right . " Now 37 and with a team off 55 staff -- and growing -- around him , he is trying to be calmer and adapt to his new responsibilities . There 's certainly a noticeable difference between the Ainslie of 2012 and the Ainslie of now . There 's a calm confidence as he walks through the office from a morning 's sailing , helped it must be said by the knowledge that his staff have bought into his mission -- with many leaving other jobs to work solely for him . He might downplay his role -- "  I 'm not doing any role specifically bar steering the boat when it 's on the water " -- but Ainslie is Britain 's America 's Cup bid . It 's his name -- Ben Ainslie Racing  BAR  -- on the entrance to the team 's headquarters , on the boat and on the clothing that they wear . An essentially shy sportsman who has achieved remarkable feats -- he was also part of Team Oracle 's America 's Cup victory last year -- it 's as if Ainslie has become his very own brand . Dirk Kramers , the ideas man of the team that played a key role in Oracle 's dramatic turnaround in San Francisco Bay last year -- before switching allegiances to BAR -- says that Ainslie "  is almost embarrassed that his name 's on the door . " Anslie concurs : "  It 's strange having my name there but it 's something I have to accept because , when we started , the team was n't anything and we had to sell it around a brand if you like . "  As we build certainly I 'm keen for it rather than being Ben Ainslie Racing for it to ultimately be BAR and whoever our partners are . " While he used to be focused on winning Olympic gold every four years , now Ainslie has myriad other tasks to think about . "  For the first time I 'm having to sell our team and maybe that does n't sit naturally , " he said . "  It 's more of a sales pitch . " He appeared to have pulled off the ultimate PR coup by gaining royal approval for his venture when the Duchess of Cambridge -- Kate Middleton -- lent her support as a co-patron with Ainslie of BAR 's charity , the 1851 Trust . The partnership between the knight and the duchess came about after Ainslie took her sister Pippa sailing . Once on the ocean , the conversation turned to the Middleton family 's fondness for sailing . "  It got to the discussion , ` Would n't it be a great idea if she was supporting the America 's Cup team ? ' " explained Ainslie , who then contacted the Duchess ' office to put in what became a successful request . "  The duchess is obviously such a global icon really now so it 's a huge positive to have someone like that backing us . " Queen Victoria was supposedly on hand to watch the first America 's Cup in 1851 ; the duchess is married to Victoria 's great , great , great , great grandson providing a loose symmetry with the 2017 America 's Cup . The battle for the Auld Mug , the trophy on offer , has a rich and diverse history , with the first regatta taking place around the Isle of Wight -- a mere 15 miles from where Ainslie has set up his headquarters . So why is it that Britain , with its rich maritime history , has never won sailing 's most coveted prize ? "  It 's a great question and it goes to show how hard it is , " says Ainslie . "  For sure , we can win it . "  We would n't be here if we did n't think we could , but I think it needs the right financing and group of people at the same time and we never quite had that before . We think that this is a really good group of people . We 've pulled together a strong team . " Ainslie has adopted a "  best of British " ethos in everything the team does , despite an influx of international staff in certain key roles . "  In sailing terms , it would be the biggest thing that ever happened in British sailing , " says Ainslie , reflecting on how big an achievement it would be if the indomitable Team Oracle was upset . "  It would be huge . Look at Ellen McArthur and Francis Chichester -LSB- two revered British sailors -RSB- -- it would be right up there as one of our greatest achievements in British sailing . "  In terms of the nation , it 's the last great sporting hurdle that we 've never been able to get over . We 've won pretty much everything else in world sport and this is the one that we 've never won . " As an eight-year-old , Ainslie 's parents Roddy , who took part in the first Whitbread Round the World Race in 1973 , and Sue packed him off on a dingy without a lifejacket and just a duffle coat and wellington boots . Now he 's effectively the CEO of a $ 130 million business , which recently announced a tie-up with Formula One design guru Adrian Newey , who was the engineering brains behind numerous F1 title wins . Newey 's pedigree is very much in the mold of Ainslie , whose role of super sub in Oracle 's overturning of an 8-1 deficit to win the 2013 America 's Cup led to one British newspaper hailing him a modern-day Horatio Nelson . "  People talk about individuals but it really was a team effort , " he insisted . "  The designers that helped with the development changes , the shore team , the boat builders that implemented those changes and sailors that pulled it off on the water . "  There are so many lessons to learn that you never stop developing , never give up , keep pushing through . It would have been easy to pack up our bags and disappear . But it 's never over , you have to keep going . " It 's no surprise then that Ainslie 's favorite quote lends itself to another British military leader -- Winston Churchill . "  Success is not final , failure is not fatal , it is courage to continue that counts . " And Ainslie 's thirst for victory still remains unquenched after all his victories . "  Our goal ends up with us bringing the Cup back to Britain . "	British sailor Ben Ainslie is plotting a first British win in the America 's Cup 163-year history Four-time Olympic champion was billed a modern-day Horatio Nelson for his 2013 Cup heroics Almost overnight , he has gone from a modest sailor to a CEO of a $ 130 million brand
Lab results are back in the case of a teenager who died in a police shooting in St. Louis last week , and they show gun residue on the clothing and body of Vonderrit Myers , authorities said Tuesday . The residue was found on Myers ' shirt , jeans and hand , according to a release from St. Louis police . Its presence on his hand could mean that he discharged a firearm , was near a firearm when it went off or that Myers touched something with gun residue on it , police said . People shot at close range could also have residue deposited on their hands . Myers was fatally shot Wednesday by a St. Louis officer , who was off-duty but wearing his uniform while moonlighting for a security company . Police have said the teenager fired a pistol three times at the officer . Myers ' relatives have said they do n't believe that account . The shooting sparked street protests , with residents pointing out similarities to the August killing of Michael Brown in nearby Ferguson , Missouri . Myers and Brown were both 18 and black and killed by white police officers . However , unlike Myers , authorities say Brown was not armed . "  We 're done as a police union standing in the shadows in these cases . We are actively defending the officer involved in the shooting , " Jeff Roorda , business manger of the St. Louis Police Officers Association , told reporters Tuesday . Mother grieves for son killed in shootout He said the gun residue results on Myers confirm the officer 's account of what happened . "  We saw in the wake of the Michael Brown Ferguson shooting that there was a public outcry , fueled largely by agitators in Ferguson where they demanded that police immediately release details , " Roorda said . "  That happened in this case . Police immediately , as information became apparent and known to them , released these facts . ... Even with that , we still saw violence in the street , " he said . Myers was struck by seven or eight bullets , St. Louis Medical Examiner Dr. Michael Graham said last week . Police say the officer fired his pistol 17 times . "  All but one gunshot wound were to the lower extremities , " Graham said . "  The one fatal wound was to the head . "	Vonderrit Myers , 18 , was fatally shot by an officer last week Police say he fired a pistol three times at the officer The shooting sparked angry street protests in Missouri
CNN  -- A deadly winter storm that began in Southern California and stretches to Texas threatens to wreck Thanksgiving week travel plans all the way to the Atlantic . At least six people have lost their lives in traffic crashes blamed on the storm system since late last week . An arctic air mass is expected to keep temperatures 15 to 20 degrees below normal along the East Coast through Thursday . Even if the system fails to deliver heavy snow , it could cause air travel disruptions with high winds , forecasters say . Airlines flying in and out of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport "  pre-canceled about 300 departures to reduce the number of stranded travelers " Sunday in "  anticipation of winter precipitation , " the airport 's official Twitter account said . Ten percent of flights at Oklahoma City 's Will Rogers World Airport were also canceled due to the weather Sunday . Three travelers died in a multi-vehicle crash on icy Interstate 40 in northwest Texas late Friday , Texas State Trooper Chris Ray said . The dead included a person who got out of his vehicle to render aid and was struck , Ray said . Anther 11 people were injured in the crash , some critically . At least 20 people were taken to local hospitals from collisions within three miles of the fatal pileup , according to Oldham County , Texas , Sheriff David Medlin . "  We have about 4 inches of snow on the ground , " Medlin told CNN on Sunday . "  Road conditions are still dangerous , and people should drive cautiously and avoid roads unless absolutely needed . " A 4-year-old girl was killed Friday when a car carrying her slid off icy U.S. Highway 70 in New Mexico , said the state Department of Public Safety . The child was not properly restrained , the department said . Also in New Mexico , a woman in her 50s died Saturday when the pickup truck that she was riding in rear-ended a semi-truck during heavy traffic near Gallup , New Mexico State Police said . In Yuba County , California , a 52-year-old passenger in a car died when a tree fell on top of the vehicle Thursday , the county sheriff 's office said . Ice is blamed for causing Willie Nelson 's band bus to spin out of control and crash into a bridge pillar on Interstate 30 near Sulphur Springs , Texas , early Saturday . Three of the five members of Nelson 's band were hurt , according to police and the band . Nelson was not on board . Flood threat in Arizona Lingering rain prolonged the flood threat in Arizona , the National Weather Service said . Friday 's 1.6 inches of rain in Phoenix made it the second wettest November day ever recorded in the desert city . Lighter amounts fell Saturday , but drainage areas already were full . In New Mexico and West Texas , snow and ice covered Interstate 10 . The highway was open through Texas , but officials urged caution , especially on bridges . New Mexico could see up to 8 inches of snow accumulating through Monday . Storm will reach Carolinas by Monday On Sunday , the forecast for northern Texas and parts of Oklahoma called for rain and sleet , and some spots were expected to get up to 4 inches of snow . Rain and sleet will extend through Dallas and into northern Louisiana . "  Tomorrow is going to be the big event . After midnight , it 's going to be so close to freezing , that 's when we 're anticipating it to be bad , " Sgt. Lonny Haschel with the Texas Department of Public Safety said Sunday . Rain is expected to stretch from Texas to Georgia on Monday and to the Carolinas on Monday night , with sleet and snow in northern parts of that swath . The heaviest rain is expected across parts of Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , Florida and South Carolina . By Tuesday , the rain will reach the mid-Atlantic states and parts of the Northeast . Freezing rain could develop in the southern and central Appalachians . Travel delays next week in Northeast Rain , wind and possibly snow will cause travel delays beginning as early as Tuesday in the East , said CNN meteorologist Melissa Le Fevre . "  We are going to see delays , " Le Fevre said . "  We 're just waiting to see if the impacts are going to be severe or just annoying . " The deciding factor will be whether a low-pressure system moving north out of the Gulf of Mexico travels inland or close to the East Coast , she said . According to AAA projections , 43.4 million Americans will travel 50 miles or more from home during the Thanksgiving holiday weekend this year . Fewer people traveling for Thanksgiving CNN 's Karen Maginnis , Judson Jones , Joe Sutton , Nick Valencia and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : New Mexico authorities report a second weather-related death Three die on an icy northwest Texas interstate ; 11 are injured Threat of snow triggers flight cancellations at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport Eastern U.S. can expect Thanksgiving travel delays
CNN  -- The public will get the other side of the story of the South Carolina governor sex scandal sooner , as the governor 's estranged wife Jenny Sanford 's memoir publishing date has been moved up . Sanford 's book , "  Staying True , " will now hit bookstores on February 5 instead of the original April release date , the book 's publisher , Ballantine Books , announced Tuesday . Sanford landed the book deal in September , a few months after her husband , South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , admitted having an affair with an Argentine woman . In December , Jenny Sanford released a statement , saying she was filing for divorce "  after many unsuccessful efforts at reconciliation . " According to a synopsis of the book on the publisher 's Web site , her memoir "  reveals the private ordeal behind her very public betrayal -- and offers inspiration for anyone struggling to keep faith during life 's most trying times . " "  She chose to let Mark Sanford deal with the embarrassment and political fallout from his own actions while focusing her own efforts privately on raising their children to be men of character , even in the face of the lies their father has told , " the synopsis reads . After the governor made a nationally televised admission about his affair , there were calls for Sanford 's resignation and investigations by media organizations and the state Ethics Commission into whether he tapped taxpayer resources for personal use . In November , the ethics panel charged Sanford with 37 violations of the state ethics code . The commission will hear arguments involving those civil charges some time this year . CNN 's Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	Jenny Sanford 's book , "  Staying True , " will hit bookstores on February 5 S.C. Gov. Mark Sanford admitted having an affair with an Argentine woman In December , Jenny Sanford released a statement , saying she was filing for divorce
There is a dark duality about the Golden Gate Bridge . Majestic and macabre , the bridge is an architectural wonder that also happens to be a magnet for suicides . It is the most-used suicide spot in the United States , second in the world . "  People come from all over the world to go onto this bridge , " said Sergeant Kevin Briggs , a retired police officer who used to patrol the Golden Gate . "  Not just to sight-see , but also to take their life . " On Friday , San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge Board of Directors unanimously approved $ 76 million in funding to erect a 20-foot-wide steel net -- extending out from each side of the 1.7-mile span -- to deter would-be jumpers . The federal government will cover $ 50 million of the cost ; the rest will come from state and local sources . Last year , 46 people died after jumping off the Golden Gate , according to the Bridge Rail Foundation , an organization dedicated to stopping suicides from the bridge . The organization estimates that more than 1,600 people have leapt to their deaths since the bridge opened in 1937 . "  Where nets have been erected as suicide barriers they 've proven to be 100 % effective thus far , " said Denis Mulligan , CEO and general manager of the Golden Gate Bridge Highway and Transportation District , which presented the proposal to the board . "  Suicidal people have stopped jumping at those locations . " Those locations include the Clifton Suspension Bridge in England and the Duke Ellington Bridge in Washington , where , after barriers were installed , suicide rates went down dramatically . "  Apparently , suicidal individuals do n't want to hurt themselves , they want to die , " said Mulligan . "  So where nets have been erected , people stop jumping . " The decision to move forward with the Golden Gate plan punctuates a contentious fight that has simmered here for decades . On one side of the debate were those who believe a suicide barrier will detract from the bridge 's beauty . On the other side were mental health and other advocates , some of whom bore an intimate sense of the potential benefits of such a barrier . One of the barrier proponents is Kevin Berthia . He stood on the precipice of the Golden Gate Bridge on a cold afternoon in March 2005 . He was unemployed , drowning in a sea of medical bills , and distraught . "  I was hurting a lot , " said Berthia . "  I was dealing with a lot of issues , and I felt like I was dealing with them by myself . " Almost as soon as he hopped over the 4-foot barrier  which many argued makes jumping too easy  to the bridge 's outer railing , he was approached by Sergeant Briggs . Briggs had been there before . During his 23-year career , he coaxed more than 200 people back from that same railing . Two people he was n't able to save . "  When someone goes over on the other side of that rail , it 's like having a gun to their head , their finger on the trigger , and the hammer pulled back , " said Briggs , founder of Pivotal Points , a crisis management and suicide prevention organization . "  They 're ready to go . The pain is great -- they see no hope . " For more than 90 minutes , Briggs listened while Berthia talked , the biting wind swirling around them . As the minutes passed , Berthia says the burdens he was carrying slowly lifted . Eventually he decided to come back over the barrier . "  I knew things would get 10 times worse when I came back over , but I wanted to give it another shot , " said Berthia , who says it took another eight years to get help for his mental health problems . Opposition faded A few years ago , the transportation district invited public comment about installing a suicide barrier , said Mulligan , the transportation district head , and opinion was deeply divided . "  Leave the bridge alone , " one commenter posted . "  It 's not the bridge 's fault people choose to commit suicide there . " Another commenter echoed a common perception about how effective a barrier could be : "  Sadly , desperate people do commit suicide and they will find another means to do it if the GG bridge is not available to them . " An artist 's rendering from the proposal shows a horizontal barrier that extends from the deck , beneath the roadway , and does n't clash with the bridge 's unique International Orange hue . Feds boosting mental health access , treatment Berthia said a suicide net certainly would have discouraged him from considering jumping , that his attraction to the bridge was the ease with which he could perish . Very rarely do people who are stopped from jumping go on to commit suicide , according to a study published in 1978 by Richard Seiden , a researcher at the University of California , Berkeley . More than 90 % of would-be jumpers who were stopped , according to the oft-cited study , were still alive decades later . Berthia and Briggs say the decision to fund a barrier is overdue . "  It should have been there a long time ago , " said Berthia . "  A lot of lives could have been saved . " Briggs says that the father of a young man who died after jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge summed it up potently for him . "  A view or a life ? A view or a life ? " said Briggs , paraphrasing the father . Those few words were what he says convinced him that something needed to be done . When asked about advocates ' argument that lives have been lost needlessly during the years the transportation group assembled its plan , Mulligan said , "  With the passage of time I think society 's values and understanding of suicide has evolved , and so has our board 's . " It will be several years before the net is built , said Mulligan . Still , a plan in motion -- even if it takes some time -- is of great solace to advocates . "  It has been  77 years of needless deaths and survivor family devastation , " Kevin Hines , one of the rare people who survived a suicide attempt from the bridge , said before the board 's vote . He said the move toward a safety barrier means the community at last is "  placing higher value and worth on people 's lives over a piece of bright red iron . " How I learned to live after trying to end my life I was an accomplice to my brother 's suicide	Board of directors approves plan to erect suicide barrier on Golden Gate Bridge Golden Gate Bridge is the most-used suicide spot in the United States Last year , 46 people died jumping off the bridge
CNN  -- At least 24 people were killed early Sunday when militants raided a Sunni town in northern Yemen , medics and witnesses said . The Houthi Shia militants raided a Sunni town in Sa'ada in the predawn hours , medics said . At least 61 Sunnis are also injured when their homes were shelled with grenades , the medics said . They medics did not want to be named because they are not authorized to talk to the media . Witnesses said the injured did not get medical attention because the town was under siege . The Houthi attacks were concentrated on a Sunni religious center , according to witnesses . All mediation efforts to end the conflict have failed . Houthis , a pro-Shia movement in Yemen , has expanded during the 10-month struggle to oust the president . Opposition officials have expressed concern over its growth . "  We can not indulge in any political agreement with an armed movement . How can we involve them into politics when they do n't believe in it , " said Ali Mamari , an opposition member in Yemen . Mamari said Yemenis will not accept movements that spread with force and kill people . "  There is no difference between Houthis and al Qaeda , both are armed and use force to spread their beliefs , " he said . Houthis rejected the power transfer signing that took place in Riyadh earlier this week and said it would not recognize it . "  The movement has more than 100,000 fighters ready to obey commands from their spiritual leader , Abdul Malik al-Houthi , " said Ahmed Bahri , an expert in Houthi affairs . "  This movement is well organized and only has one head , " Bahri said . "  They now control majority areas in the provinces in Sa'ada and Jawf , and have powerful presence in Amran , Mareb , Sana'a and Hajjah , " added Bahri . Sectarian violence is at peak in northern Yemen where Houthis control is spread across five provinces . Saudi Arabia fought the Houthis in 2009 but failed to end their expansion . The attacks come a day after Yemen 's vice president called for presidential elections to be held in February , state media reported . President Ali Abdullah Saleh stepped down after months of protests against his 33-year rule . He became the fourth leader to leave office as a result of the Arab Spring unrest that has roiled much of the Middle East and North Africa this year . Saleh returned to Yemen on Saturday night , days after he signed an agreement in Saudi Arabia yielding his powers , according to the Yemen official news agency	Dozens killed when militants raid a Sunni town At least 61 people are injured when their homes are shelled with grenades Doctors could not reach the injured because the town is under siege Saleh returns to Yemen on Saturday night
Former U.S. Rep. James "  Jim " Oberstar , who represented Minnesota 's 8th congressional district for over a quarter century , has died . Oberstar was 79 . Oberstar was elected in 1974 as a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party , known as DFL , and held his seat from 1975 to 2011 . He was elected among one of the largest classes of freshman Democrats in the House after the Watergate scandal broke in 1974 . President Barack Obama praised Oberstar for his commitment to the people of Minnesota . "  Jim cared deeply about the people of Minnesota , devoting his 36 years of service to improving America 's infrastructure , creating opportunity for hardworking Minnesotans , and building a strong economy for future generations of Americans , " Obama said in a statement released by the White House . President Bill Clinton remembered Minnesota 's longest-serving Congressman as a tireless public servant . "  Jim was a devoted friend and supporter of the Haitian people . I relied on him for advice on Haiti first as President and again after the terrible Haitian earthquake in 2010 , " Clinton said in a statement . Oberstar was the state 's longest-serving member of Congress . He became chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee in 2006 . In a close race , he lost to Republican challenger Chip Cravaack in the Republican House takeover in 2010 . "  Jim Oberstar knew everything there was to know about our nation 's infrastructure , and fought tirelessly to rebuild and renew it , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said . " ... His passing is heartbreaking news for his friends and former colleagues from both sides of the aisle . It was an honor and a privilege to work alongside him , and we only hope it is a comfort to his wife Jean , his children and his grandchildren that so many share in their loss at this sad time . " Minnesota officials are mourning Oberstar 's loss . DFL Party Chairman Ken Martin said that the state lost a true Minnesota legend . Gov. Mark Dayton called him a "  true champion " for Minnesota . Sen. Amy Klobuchar tweeted he was a "  man of true purpose and grit . " Oberstar is survived by his wife , four children and eight grandchildren . People we 've lost in 2014	Jim Oberstar represented Minnesota 's 8th congressional district for over a quarter century Oberstar was elected in 1974 as a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party President Obama : "  Jim cared deeply about the people of Minnesota " President Clinton : "  Jim was a good friend , a true and tireless public servant "
CNN Student News  -- September 26 , 2014 Not all STEM jobs are created equal . Today on CNN Student News , find out what the five highest-paying graduate jobs are in STEM fields , and learn what other professions will need workers in the years ahead . Also covered : the resignation of the U.S. attorney general , new U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria , and the potential health benefits of chocolate . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . How many countries are members of the U.N. General Assembly ? 2 . What is the name of the NASA spacecraft that began orbiting Mars this week ? 3 . After a dispute that lasted months , two men recently agreed to share leadership power in what South Asian country ? 4 . Name one of the world 's two most populated countries . 5 . Roger Goodell is commissioner of what U.S. organization ? 6 . What historic American document mentions the "  pursuit of happiness " as a certain unalienable right ? 7 . In what civil war-torn nation did the U.S. launch airstrikes this week against the ISIS and Khorasan terrorist groups ? 8 . What nation , a border country of Syria , shot down a Syrian fighter jet that entered its airspace ? 9 . What U.S. Cabinet position is held by Eric Holder , who announced his resignation yesterday ? 10 . In what U.S. state would you find the headquarters of the United Nations ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
Phoenix  CNN  -- Edward Laird is one of the faces behind the VA scandal -- a face he says is disfigured because he had to wait so long for treatment . The 76-year-old Navy veteran waited two and a half years to get a biopsy for a spot on his nose . And when the VA finally carried out the procedure that his doctor had ordered , the cancer had spread and most of his nose had to be removed . Laird sought treatment at the Phoenix VA hospital , the facility at the heart of a scandal uncovered by CNN of secret waiting lists and altered records that left veterans untreated , even as some died . The Inspector General of the VA released a scathing report last week on care of veterans at the Phoenix VA hospital , which could be just the beginning of a nationwide federal review of the Veterans Health System . A physician at the Phoenix VA confirmed to CNN that he sent Laird to the VA 's dermatology clinic repeatedly to get a biopsy of his nose , but the biopsy was repeatedly delayed . Laird said 70 % of his nose was removed to fight the cancer that spread as he waited for care . After complaining about the delay , Laird received a letter from the then-interim director of the Phoenix VA that said , "  I regret that you are dissatisfied with the care . The dermatologist that you saw did not identify any of the signs of a reoccurrence , " referring to the spread of cancer . Today , Laird uses an ice cream stick to keep his right nostril open . Despite long wait times at the VA , Laird said he remains proud of his military service and the military brothers and sisters he meets when he goes to the Phoenix VA. . "  There 's always lines at the VA but when you go , there you feel like you 're walking along with a bunch of champions , " Laird said . "  It 'll jerk a tear from you sometimes . " The report released last week by the VA 's Office of Inspector General found that 28 veterans had "  clinically significant delays " in care at the Phoenix VA , six of whom died . But the Inspector General report stopped short of blaming the deaths on wait times , stating : "  While the case reviews in this report document poor quality of care , we are unable to conclusively assert that the absence of timely quality care caused the deaths of these veterans . " Laird 's case is not directly described in the report . Investigators did confirm in the report that schedulers at the Phoenix VA manipulated appointment data to hide how long patients were waiting for care . The latest data released by the VA shows more than 630,000 patients throughout the nation continue to wait longer than 30 days for appointments . More than 9,000 veterans are waiting this long for appointments at the Phoenix VA. . President Barack Obama pledged last week at the American Legion conference in North Carolina to "  get to the bottom of these problems , " calling them , "  outrageous and inexcusable . " Obama signs $ 16 billion VA overhaul into law Drew Griffin answers your questions on the VA scandal	Edward Laird said he waited two and a half years for biopsy on a spot In that time , cancer spread through his nose Laird sought care at the Phoenix VA , where CNN uncovered many issues Hospital chief wrote to Laird saying dermatologist found no signs of cancer
CNN  -- Josh Rouse is a chameleon . And a busy one , too . Josh Rouse has made his name with well-crafted songs in a variety of styles . Listeners to his first album , 1998 's "  Dressed Up Like Nebraska , " may have lumped him into the alt-country movement . Aside from Rouse 's rough , intimate voice , that album sounds little like 2003 's "  1972 , " which features songs such as "  Love Vibration " and "  Comeback  Light Therapy  " and has a funkier , more upbeat production to match . The 36-year-old singer 's willingness to follow several paths may have come from moving around as a child . Rouse was born in Nebraska and grew up around the West and the South . "  It really shaped me as a person , " he told the Toronto Sun . "  There 's an openness to the sound that I think I got from moving to , say , a big city in California to a Wyoming town of five or six hundred . " Though he has yet to have a breakthrough single in the United States , his music has appeared in the movie "  Vanilla Sky " and TV shows including "  Dawson 's Creek " and "  Party of Five . " He 's also admired by fellow songwriters . In 2004 , the Australian newspaper The  Melbourne  Age noted Rouse was going to have dinner with Edie Brickell , the "  What I Am " singer who is married to Paul Simon . "  She called me and said , ' I love "  1972 , " ' and I was like , ' I was listening to you when I was 16 -- and you 're married to Paul Simon ! ' " Rouse told the paper . On the business side , he 's marching to his own drummer . On joshrouse.com , Rouse 's Web site , he sells his "  Bedroom Classics " -- dozens of songs Rouse recorded live or in random locations  hotel rooms , apartments  available to fans . For those who like a more traditional medium , the CD , Rhino Records recently compiled a two-disc set of Rouse 's material -- including several demos and outtakes -- for "  The Best of the Rykodisc Years , " which covers the first seven years of Rouse 's career . "  Listening to this collection of tracks taken ... it 's plain that Josh Rouse arrived fully formed , " writes Allmusic.com 's Tim Sendra . "  From his first release ... he was already a thoughtful writer with a heartbreakingly intimate voice and the unfailing ability to wrap his melancholy in warm and sweet melodies . " Rouse answered several questions via e-mail for CNN.com . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Your music showcases a number of styles -- the fairly basic sound of the early records , the early - '70s infused stuff from "  1972 , " and then there are songs like "  Miserable South " that would sound comfortable coming from Otis Redding or Al Green . So , though it 's a cliché , what are your influences ? Josh Rouse : Anything that is soulful and honest is an influence . There are too many musicians/writers to name . CNN : Are you surprised that Rhino put together a "  best of " ? Rouse : No , I was aware that they were planning on doing it . It 's nice to reflect on the body of work I 've created . CNN : One of your songs , "  Directions , " was on the "  Vanilla Sky " soundtrack . What effect , if any , did this have on your career ? Rouse : Well , I got to meet Cameron Crowe , and he seemed nice . I 'm sure it exposed my music to some people who might not of heard it otherwise . However , it did not have a Zach Braff effect on my career . CNN : With all the material on the Web , as well as your albums , you 're obviously a prolific songwriter . Has it been helpful to put all that out there , or have some people criticized you for releasing too much , as Ryan Adams has been criticized ? Rouse : More than being criticized for releasing a lot , I think it 's more difficult to receive a lot of attention for one specific record . Sometimes -LSB- the -RSB- press does n't want to write on a songwriter they just wrote about a year or two ago . I think my fan base is grateful . CNN : Which of your songs are among your favorites , and why ? Which would you like to have back -- or rework ? Rouse : "  1972 " is a beautiful song all the way around . I do n't think I ever want to rework anything . I 'm constantly trying to move forward . Sometimes you say , "  I wish that was faster , etc. " but it I 'm not going to go back and re-record it . CNN : In the album notes , you mention that you write best when you 're in motion -- getting ideas for melodies in taxicabs , for example . How do you hold on to those ? Rouse : If they 're good , I can usually remember them . I also have a variety of small handheld recorders . CNN : You 've got songs referring to Nebraska , the Hamptons , Nashville ... have you thought of pulling a Sufjan Stevens and profiling a state ? Rouse : No , and I 'm not sure half of those Sufjan songs are profiling a state . However , it makes for a great marketing tool . CNN : You say you feel as if these albums are your "  first stage . " What 's next ? Rouse : I 'm currently working on an Afro-Brazilian record in Spanish .	Josh Rouse has fans among other songwriters "  Love Vibration " singer has no hits , but songs in TV shows , movies What 's next ? "  Afro-Brazilian record in Spanish "
Stephenville , Texas  CNN  Incoherent . Talking nonsense . Erratic . Not the man they knew . That 's how family members and friends have described Eddie Ray Routh , the man on trial for the slayings of Chris Kyle , subject of the hit film "  American Sniper , " and Kyle 's friend , Chad Littlefield , at a Texas firing range two years ago . No one disputes that Routh shot and killed the two men . But defense attorneys say Routh was insane . On Wednesday , the suspect 's sister , brother-in-law and former girlfriend testified about Routh 's behavior before and after the killings . "  I asked him if he was seeing things , and he said yes , " Jennifer Weed , his ex , told the court , describing a conversation that happened the night before the slayings . "  And then I asked him if he was hearing things , and he said yes . " Weed testified that Routh got out a yellow legal pad and started writing . "  And when I tried to speak to him he would take his hand and cover my mouth because he didn ¹ t want them to hear what I had to say , " she said . Routh 's demeanor after the killings was equally strange . "  He said he had to take two souls before they could take his . And I asked him what he meant by that , and he said they were out to get him , " Laura Blevins , his sister , told the court . "  He was talking nonsense . " She said she told him : "  I love you , but I hate your demons . " "  The man who was my brother was not at my house . The person who came to my house is not the man who I knew was my brother , " Blevins testified . Her husband said that Routh "  babbled about other incoherent things . " "  I had a sick feeling on what it meant , " Gaines Blevins told the court . Prosecutors have described Routh as a troubled young man , but they argue he was n't insane ; they say these are the actions of a cold-blooded killer . On Tuesday , prosecutors showed a video of police placing Routh into a squad car moments after authorities chased him down a Texas highway . In the video , Routh is breathing heavily and teary-eyed . An officer asks if he 's OK . Routh replies : "  I 'm just so nervous about what 's been happening in my life today . I do n't know what 's been happening . I 've been so paranoid schizophrenic all day . I do n't know what to even think of the world right now . I do n't know if I 'm insane or sane . " The small arsenal of weapons Kyle brought to the range that day was shown to the jury , which included five long rifles and several handguns , including one of Kyle 's rifles labeled "  American Sniper . " According to defense attorneys , Routh , in his psychotic state , thought he was walking into a showdown on the range . Taking the stand for the defense , mother Jodi Routh described her son 's history of mental health problems . After his time serving in the military , she said , "  he was no longer his happy-go-lucky self . " His first stay in a VA mental ward was for three days in 2011 , she said . Then he returned again , against his will , and spent weeks in the facility . When he was released , she said , he was on nine medications , including mood elevators , anti-psychotic medications and sleep aids . Jodi Routh said she had asked Kyle to help , telling him that her son had been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder . She told Kyle that her son had been hospitalized multiple times , but did not tell him that he 'd also threatened to kill himself and his family . "  Do you regret not sharing that level of detail ? " prosecutor Jane Starnes asked . "  I just wanted to get help for my son , " the mother replied . Routh 's trial comes just weeks after the release of the film about Kyle , a former Navy SEAL who claimed to be the deadliest sniper in U.S. history , with 160 confirmed kills in Iraq . "  American Sniper , " directed by Clint Eastwood and starring Bradley Cooper , has grossed the most ever for a war movie . Kyle 's autobiography by the same name spent weeks on best-seller lists . He had already risen to fame through his book when he died and was involved in charitable work to help former troops suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder . Kyle and Littlefield took Routh to the firing range as a kind of therapy . The range is a small , remote part of the sprawling 11,000-acre Rough Creek Lodge , and the men were isolated . A hunting guide found Kyle , 38 , and Littlefield , 35 , Kyle 's friend , motionless and called 911 . The men were dead when officers arrived . Correction : Earlier versions of this report incorrectly described the military background of Chad Littlefield , who was killed with Chris Kyle . Littlefield was not a veteran . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Eddie Ray Routh 's sister says he she told him : "  I love you , but I hate your demons " He is on trial for the 2013 shooting deaths of Chris Kyle and Chad Littlefield Routh 's mother said he had PTSD ; the prosecution argued he was not insane
CNN  -- Justin Bieber 's defense team now includes Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande . Both singers stood up for the 19-year-old pop star as he was being hammered on Twitter and TV after his DUI arrest Thursday , encouraging their fans to show some compassion and support . "  Everyone is entitled to their own opinion , and to stand up for themselves , but I think we should be supportive of Beliebers , " Gaga told her Little Monsters -- aka her fans -- in a post on her website Thursday . "  We may not understand everything celebrities do because there 's only so much we see , but Justin and Beliebers were ` born this way ' too . Let 's spread love and compassion to Beliebers today . That is what we are all about . " Ellen DeGeneres , who once had Bieber on her show to surprise him with a car as a birthday gift , sounded genuine when she tweeted she hopes the star will be able to mature without injury . Nickelodeon star Grande , who spent some time on tour with Bieber and shares a manager with the pop star , Scooter Braun , did n't directly address Bieber by name , but the timing of her reaction on Twitter spoke volumes . Meanwhile , other stars such as Seth Rogen and Jason Biggs had decidedly less kind reactions to the news that Bieber had been pulled over while drag racing in Miami Beach , Florida , and then arrested on charges of drunken driving , resisting arrest and driving without a valid license . "  All jokes aside , Justin Bieber is a piece of s *** , " Rogen tweeted . Biggs joked , "  50 in a 30 . Jesus , Bieber even drag races like a p **** . " "  Supernatural " actor Jared Padalecki said , "  Just saw the mugshot of @justinbieber . I got ta admit , she 's kinda hot without all of her usual makeup on . " Over on late night , Bieber was the top joke on both "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " and "  Late Night With Jimmy Fallon . " Kimmel poked fun at Bieber 's transformation from teeny-bopper to apparent troublemaker . He also joked about the outcry from distraught Beliebers who were depressed that criminals in Florida got to meet their idol before they did . On "  Late Night , " Fallon skewered Bieber 's mug shot , saying that he mistook it for a commercial for Proactiv , an acne treatment product . But according to Bieber 's manager , Braun , and his friend Lil Za , the singer 's arrest is no laughing matter . "  He 's fine , " Lil Za posted Thursday afternoon . "  Nobody 's happy . nobody thinks it 's a joke . " "  Been a long day . Bottom line is we are defined by how we handle adversity . Be there when it counts . Love fully in good times and bad , " Braun added . "  Bieber  love you and i will act in the manner of someone who truly cares . that is all I have to say . thanks for all those concerned . " If all else fails and the arrest brings Bieber 's career to a halt , at least he has Vanilla Ice in his corner . The former rap artist has offered Bieber a job .	Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande are supporting Justin Bieber after his arrest Others such as Ellen DeGeneres express concern about his safety Bieber 's friend Lil Za tweets that "  he 's fine , " but "  nobody 's happy " Arrest is fodder for late-night comics and other celebrities
CNN  -- Doing your holiday shopping online is generally preferable to braving the season 's frantic mall crowds , slow moving checkout lines and tiresome holiday background music . But do n't get too relaxed . There are still some security precautions everyone should take before sharing payment information online . Increasingly , people are using their smartphones and tablets for online shopping . There was a 190 % in mobile purchases this year on Cyber Monday , and 193 % jump on Black Friday , according to mobile payments company PayPal . The shift to mobile presents its own unique security challenges , including malware apps and text phishing scams . Here are online shopping security tips to keep in mind all year round , on all your devices . Check for "  HTTPS " Not all webpages are equally secure . Before entering any personal or payment information , make sure to look up at your browser bar . The URL should start with HTTPS , not HTTP . That one letter on the end , S , is the difference between a secure site and an unsecured site . Bing takes on Google in fight for holiday shoppers A secondary thing to look for is the small lock icon in your address bar . This lock indicates that you have an SSL  secure sockets layer  connection . The icon is standard for most popular browsers , including Internet Explorer , Chrome , Safari and Firefox . On mobile devices , the address bar is tinier and easier to overlook . Do a little pinch-and-zoom to locate the S before sharing your payment information . Watch your WiFi Shopping from mobile devices means an increased chance you 'll be on an unfamiliar WiFi network . "  Only window shop on public WiFi , " recommends Derek Halliday , lead security product manager at Lookout , a mobile security company . Holiday shoppers share tips for buying American Avoid entering your credit card number or other private information when you 're on an unsecured , public WiFi connection where people could snoop . Wait until you are back at home or work . Vet the vendors and apps The Internet is packed with stores , some reputable and others downright shady . While bargain hunting , it can be tempting to make your purchase from the site offering the lowest price , but take a moment to research any vendors you 're not familiar with . "  If something seems to good to be true , it probably is , " says Claudia Lombana , a PayPal shopping specialist . Before you hand over your payment information , do a quick search for reviews of the vendor . Calculate the total cost of an item , including shipping and tax , when determining the lowest price . The same tips apply when you 're using a mobile app . Only download apps for your smartphones and tablets through official stores , like the App Store for iOS or Google Play for Android . The occasional unsavory app has been known to slip through these proper channels . Always check the reviews in the app stores to see what other users have to say . If there are bunch of one star reviews or warnings , do n't download the software . Another option is to download a mobile security app to scan new software and links . Beware of phishing , SMiShing and other scams By now most people know to keep an eye out for phishing scams -- e-mails disguised as legitimate companies or organizations that ask for payment or password information . But every now and then , one comes along that looks incredibly convincing . To be safe , copy and paste all links into a fresh browser window instead of clicking on the hyperlink , check the originating email address and when in doubt , contact the company to verify the e-mail . SMiShing  a lovely portmanteau of "  SMS " and "  Phishing "  has taken off recently , catching people off-guard who do n't expect to receive this type of spam as a text message . Earlier this year , scammers sent texts telling people they had won a $ 1,000 gift card from Walmart . The texts linked to a page that asked for credit card information to cover the cost of shipping the prize . As a general rule , legitimate companies will never ask for your private information over email or text message , including payment information , usernames , passwords , mother 's maiden name or social security number . Password protect mobile devices This was the number one mobile tip from the experts we talked to : turn on the passcode on your phone or tablet . It 's an easy and important precaution , but only 54 % of Americans do it . Yes , it will take a few more seconds to access your email or open an app , but smartphones often contain more valuable information than what 's in your wallet . "  Many shopping apps archive your credit card information after your make a first purchase , and many apps do n't require that you enter your password every time you use it , " explained Halliday . If your phone or tablet is lost or stolen , anyone can access the wealth of data you have stored on your device . Even if individual apps require passwords , someone can use your email and phone number to try and reset them . Update often Many operating system and application updates address security issues , plugging holes and fixing errors that could be exploited by hackers . On your computer , update the operating system when prompted , and make sure you 're running the latest version of your browser . For mobile devices , the routine is easier because the apps come through a central app store . You can see exactly what mobile apps need updating at a glance . Use a credit card instead of a debit card Credit cards are a more secure online payment option than your debit card . The majority of credit cards offer purchase protection in case your card number is stolen , or if you make a payment at an online store that delivers a bad product , or no product at all . We know you 're very busy this time of year , but also take an extra moment to comb over your statements . Should any of these security precautions fail , you 'll want to catch suspicious charges as soon as possible .	Check your address bar for "  https " before entering payment information When shopping from mobile devices , use trusted apps and WiFi networks Always turn on the passcode protection for your mobile devices If an online deal sounds too good to be true , it probably is
CNN  -- Security screeners at Newark Liberty International Airport singled out Mexican and Dominican passengers for nearly two years , according to a federal report obtained by The Star-Ledger newspaper . The racial profiling was so prevalent in 2008 and 2009 that some TSA employees at the airport referred to their colleagues as "  Mexican hunters , " a Star-Ledger story based on the 2010 internal report said . A TSA spokeswoman described the situation in Newark as "  isolated " and said the agency took action to fix it . "  While the actions referenced in the report were based on intelligence reports regarding false documentation , criminal or illegal activity and the possible impact on transportation security , TSA 's policies were overstepped , " spokeswoman Lisa Farbstein said . According to the Star-Ledger , the report said TSA agents stationed at the Newark airport would stop Mexicans and Dominicans , asking them additional questions , reviewing their passports and visas and searching their luggage . The report did not specify how many agents were involved , but "  leaves no doubt that the process was widespread , " the newspaper said . "  The report said Mexican and Dominican passengers were singled out for scrutiny of their travel documents as an easy way to drive up the number of referrals by Newark 's  behavior detection officer  unit so that it would appear productive , " the newspaper said . Farbstein said the TSA does not permit racial profiling , and a manager accused of promoting profiling in the report is no longer in management with the agency . "  Eighteen months ago , TSA took immediate remedial action and retrained the entire behavior detection workforce at Newark , " she said . Four managers in the report were cited to be disciplined by the TSA , the Star-Ledger said . One manager who was demoted after the investigation told the Star-Ledger that he denied the accusation and had appealed the demotion decision . Several officers quoted in the report said they were directed to use racial profiling , but others said they had never witnessed the practice or been told to use it , the newspaper said . The Transportation Security Administration said the newspaper did not obtain the report through the Freedom of Information Act and declined to provide a copy to CNN . A story published by the Star-Ledger Sunday said the newspaper had obtained the report , but did not disclose how . Ed Barocas , legal director of the American Civil Liberities Union in New Jersey , called the report "  alarming and astounding . " "  The possibility that TSA supervisors coached screeners to profile passengers based on race is deeply disturbing . ... We hope the TSA takes the proper steps immediately to ensure there is no racial profiling in our airports or that screeners are even given the perception that they should profile passengers based on race , " he said in a statement . There are about 3,000 behavior detection officers at 161 airports in the United States , and plans to expand the program are in the works . In April CNN obtained a list of 70 indicators the officers use to identify people who might pose a threat to aviation . None of those indicators referred to or suggested race , ethnicity or religion . At the time , the TSA told CNN no single behavior on the list would , by itself , ever be enough to draw increased security scrutiny . An officer would only select a passenger for closer examination if they showed several signs of stress , fear or deception , the agency said . CNN 's Ines Ferre , Mike Ahlers and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Star-Ledger : A federal report says some TSA officers were known as "  Mexican hunters " An inquiry focused on behavior detection officers at the Newark airport , the newspaper says The TSA says it does not permit racial profile and its policies were "  overstepped " The legal director of New Jersey 's ACLU calls the report "  alarming and astounding "
Editor 's note : Timothy P. O'Neill , a professor at The John Marshall Law School in Chicago , Illinois , has written and lectured widely on criminal law and criminal procedure . Among his articles was a 2007 piece for the Oklahoma Law Review : "  The Stepford Justices : The Need for Experiential Diversity on the Roberts Court . " He is a graduate of Harvard University and the University of Michigan Law School . Timothy P. O'Neill says there are striking similarities in the backgrounds of the Supreme Court justices . CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- With the retirement of Justice David Souter , President Obama has the opportunity to bring a special kind of diversity to the Supreme Court : the diversity of broad and varied governmental experience . It is certainly true that the court needs more racial and gender diversity . Yet the homogeneity of the work résumés of the current justices is unprecedented . The right nominee would help to correct this . Many commentators have noted that this is the first Supreme Court in American history in which every justice has come from exactly the same job : judge on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . But there are other "  firsts " that are equally disturbing . For the first time in American history , not a single justice has had any legislative experience . Not one has ever been elected to Congress , a state legislature or a city council . For the first time in American history , not a single justice has ever held -- or even run for -- any elective office at any level of government .  Although Souter once served as a state attorney general , that is an appointed office in New Hampshire . For the first time in American history , eight of the nine justices attended one of only two law schools : Harvard or Yale .  Although Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg graduated from Columbia , she transferred from Harvard Law School . Traditionally , the Supreme Court has been composed not only of former judges , but also lawyers who have come directly from serving as senators , governors , Cabinet members , heads of administrative agencies , and even from private practice . Yet it has been almost 30 years since a justice has been confirmed who was not then a federal appellate judge . What caused this change ? Some point to the acrimony that surrounded the failed appointment of Robert Bork in 1987 . Since that time , presidents of both parties have stressed the judicial competence -- not the ideology -- of their appointees . The implied promise is that the technical proficiency of an Ivy League-trained federal appellate judge somehow trumps issues of ideology . This , of course , is an illusion . The cases that come to the Supreme Court are there precisely because they fall between the cracks of established legal doctrine . There is no single "  Ivy League judge 's answer " to any issue pending before the Supreme Court . For example , take a look at the Supreme Court 's 2006 term . The Court decided 72 cases . With all the justices coming from the federal appellate bench and eight of them having attended Harvard or Yale , did this help achieve consensus ? On the contrary , the percentage of cases in which there was a unanimous decision was the second lowest in a decade . And 24 decisions -- fully one-third of the docket -- were decided by a 5-4 vote , the highest percentage of 5-4 decisions in over a decade . The best example of how there is no single "  judge 's answer " to Supreme Court issues can be found in the eight death penalty cases decided during the 2006 term . The cases had a variety of issues , including questions concerning the selection of jurors , the giving of jury instructions and competence of defense counsel . Yet every single case was decided 5-4 . In every single case , Justices Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas , Samuel Alito and Chief Justice John Roberts held for the prosecution . In every single case , Justices John Paul Stevens , Souter , Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer held for the defense . Every case was decided by Justice Anthony Kennedy 's vote : four times for the prosecution and four times for the defense . Looking for a single "  judge 's answer " to an issue before the Supreme Court is usually futile . In order to decide the great legal issues before the court , a justice needs to bring more than mere legal competence ; a justice also needs to bring real-world experience , values and intuition . That is why it is self-defeating to restrict the range of possible Supreme Court nominees to the small group of sitting federal appellate judges . Supreme Court decision-making would be richer if it included people who had actually written legislation or had run federal agencies or had governed states . As Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy recently said , there is a need to select Supreme Court nominees "  from outside the judicial monastery . " We should welcome , and not irrationally restrict , the variety of experience that can be brought to Supreme Court decision-making . Professor Lee Epstein of Northwestern has observed that "  Diversity of inputs makes for stronger outputs . " Obama should cast the widest possible net to find a person who can bring a fresh set of experiences and perspectives to the work of the Supreme Court . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy P. O'Neill .	Timothy P. O'Neill : No judge on Supreme Court now has legislative background He says none of the nine have held , or even run for , elective office O'Neill : All but one attended Harvard or Yale Law School He says court would perform better if its membership had broader backgrounds
Editor 's note : Ed Rollins , a senior political contributor for CNN , is senior presidential fellow at the Kalikow Center for the Study of the American Presidency at Hofstra University . He was White House political director for President Reagan and chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee . Ed Rollins says "  Saturday Night Live " satire has shaped images of presidents for the worse . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Since its debut on October 11 , 1975 , "  Saturday Night Live " has spoofed , ridiculed and hammered presidents and other political figures without regard to political affiliation or any other sensitivities . The perfect parroting of Sarah Palin after her vice president nomination , by the immensely talented Tina Fey , started the downward spiraling of the governor . People started looking at her in a different light , and she was judged as a less serious candidate . Saturday 's skit portraying President Obama as a man who made a lot of promises and has n't been able to fulfill many -- if any -- has been analyzed over and over with a constant rerun of the "  SNL " clip . In the comedy skit , the president is asked about unrealized campaign promises , including closing Gitmo , combating global warming , allowing openly gay people to serve in the military , withdrawing from Iraq , improving the status of the fight in Afghanistan , reforming health care and several others . On screen the response on a check list was : that each item was "  not done . " Humor with some truth in it is always dangerous . Make no mistake , a drumbeat of belittlement can damage a president . See how ` SNL ' has portrayed presidents " President Gerald Ford , a gifted athlete , could never overcome the image of a bumbling , clumsy man who banged his head constantly after the hilarious portrayal of him by Chevy Chase . The senior Bush , George H.W. , was brilliantly played by Dana Carvey , and more viewers remember our 41st president as the goofy , inarticulate caricature than as a serious man who served his country in many positions . But the real question being debated on cable TV because of the "  SNL " parody is this : "  Has the media 's love affair and honeymoon with President Obama ended ? " I ca n't answer that . I can say that President Obama is being judged with the same scrutiny as those who have gone before him in the modern era . Sooner or later , all honeymoons for presidents come to an end . This one may have lasted a little longer because many in the media got caught up in the story , in the history and wrote with their emotions instead of their computers . In the few months President Obama has been in office , the following questions are being asked across the country by some Americans and the media , too : "  Is he as good as we all hoped ? Can he possibly meet the extraordinary high expectations that were set for him ? Can he get the job done ? Could anyone ? " Democrats will add pensively to the words : "  Not Done " from the "  SNL " skit , "  Not yet . " Republicans would add assertively : "  Not ever ! " Democrats are still hopeful this president will turn out to be the "  Camelot II " ; the new generational leader for whom they have waited decades and in some cases lifetimes . Many hope President Obama will be the new John Fitzgerald Kennedy -- with the legislative skills of Lyndon Baines Johnson . Republicans have no hope left about Obama . At best , they pray , for the good of the country that he 's not as bad as Jimmy Carter . But in reality , they see the man who campaigned as a centrist turning out to be the feared liberal who voted that way during his short Senate tenure . At a time of fiscal crisis , President Obama in their minds is turning into the biggest spender and taxer in history -- and they believe they must oppose him . His campaign was brilliant , and he won against two inferior campaigns , though not necessarily inferior candidates . Both of those candidates are making major contributions to the governing process . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is getting high marks and certainly has been a loyal supporter of the president . John McCain has renewed his Senate career with intensity and has become a valuable asset to the loyal opposition . Every president finds out that campaigning and governing are not the same thing . Governing is tough every day . Campaigning can be fun . It 's why some modern presidents want to keep doing it even after being elected . Reagan did it . Bill Clinton did it . George W. Bush did it . And this president likes to do it , and I am sure will continue to ride Air Force One from speech to speech , coast to coast . Giving a good speech or making a great appearance on the campaign trail to adoring crowds is not the same as making the tough choices that President Obama needs to make every day alone in his Oval Office . No cheering there . Often in campaigns , promises are made that ca n't be kept once in office . After being elected , presidents find out the issues are more difficult the more they get to know about them . Sometimes voters do n't remember campaign promises and sometimes they do n't care . The "  Saturday Night Live " skit left out one promise President Obama made and it was n't a campaign promise . It was the promise that his $ 787 billion stimulus package would create 3.5 million new jobs . If "  SNL " had asked the question , the answer would be : Not Done ! The job has n't even been started . The United States is losing more jobs by the minute . Before we turn this economy around , job loss could reach 9 million in the past two years and unemployment could reach 10.5 percent . This did n't happen all on his watch and a big chunk of the stimulus is not yet spent . But if we do n't get Americans back to work , the other promises President Obama made will pale in importance . Focus on jobs , Mr. President . The highest unemployment rate in 25 years is about real Americans all across this country who are hurting and depressed . That 's a topic that 's even "  Saturday Night Live " ca n't joke about , because it 's tragic . All Americans want to see this president succeed in getting that job done . iReport.com : ` SNL ' wo n't hurt Obama The president has made a lot of promises regarding health care reform , even though the final details of the bills are not known . Promises made as president do count ; , far more than those as a candidate . And the president will be measured against them . He will be judged not in a skit on "  Saturday Night Live " but by his fellow citizens at the voting booth . And it will be no laughing matter if they feel he misled them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	Ed Rollins : "  Saturday Night Live " highlighted unfulfilled Obama promises He says "  SNL " has history of shaping negative perceptions of presidents He says Obama has burden of very high expectations for his presidency Rollins says all of Obama 's ambitions are fruitless if job losses mount
Cairo  CNN  -- Former Egyptian military chief Abdel Fattah el-Sisi is poised to win his country 's presidential election in a landslide -- though the legitimacy of his victory is already being questioned . Exit polls suggest el-Sisi won 95.3 % of the vote , while opponent Hamdeen Sabahy garnered only 4.7 % , according to data from the Egyptian Center for Public Opinion Research and the Egyptian TV channel MBC Masr . Egypt 's state-run Ahram Online news agency reported an even more lopsided margin , based on unofficial results , with Sabahy only getting 3.5 % of the vote . The final results will be announced by Saturday or Sunday , according to the same agency . Sabahy , el-Sisi 's lone competitor , conceded defeat in a press conference Thursday , acknowledging , "  It is time to respect the people 's choice and admit my loss . " He did n't embrace the process -- including allegations his campaign representatives were attacked and detained , that el-Sisi 's representatives were allowed inside polling stations and claims of forgery -- according to Ahram . "  We can not give any credibility or ratification to the announced numbers of turnout or results , " Sabahy said . "  The announced results are an insult to the intelligence of the Egyptians . " Turnout at 48 % despite extra day of voting The election was called amid a turbulent political year in Egypt that saw Mohamed Morsy -- the country 's first democratically elected president following the ouster of longtime leader Hosni Mubarak -- himself removed from power in July in a military coup . El-Sisi , who was army chief at the time , stepped down from his military post this year to run for president . Analysts have said that -- in order to demonstrate his legitimacy -- el-Sisi would want to beat the turnout rate of the 2012 presidential elections , which was 46 % in the first round and increased to 51.8 % . As it turned out , the country seemingly struggled to get voters to the polls this week . Officials even tacked on a third day of voting Wednesday -- a move both campaigns challenged -- in an attempt to boost turnout . Presidential Elections Commission member Tarek Shebi ended up putting the final turnout figure at 48 % , according to Ahram Online -- hardly a resounding number . El-Sisi 's campaign hailed the election on its official Facebook page , saying that all those involved helped "  bedazzle " the world . "  The nation has put itself , with its great people 's will , on the beginning of the right track and has stepped firmly and trustingly ... towards the future they 've chosen , " the campaign post said , according to Ahram . It is a future that -- at least for now -- will not include the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist group that Morsy belonged to and that has been banned and declared a terrorist organization since his ouster . To this end , interim President Adly Mansour issued a decree Thursday canceling Morsy 's pardoning of 52 Islamists -- including nine Brotherhood leaders and 18 jihadists -- tied to a failed 1995 assassination attempt on Mubarak . For full coverage of the Egyptian election in Arabic , visit CNN Arabic CNN 's Holly Yan , Salma Abdelaziz , Reza Sayah and Dina Amer contributed to this report	NEW : Losing candidate concedes defeat , challenges the "  credibility of the vote NEW : Report : Turnout was 48 % , below the figure for the last round of the 2012 vote NEW : Interim president cancels pardons of 52 Islamists , including Brotherhood leaders Ex-military chief El-Sisi won overwhelmingly , according to exit polls and state news
CNN  -- Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo , who is fighting to keep a political title the United Nations says is n't his , on Monday nationalized the nation 's two main cash crops , coffee and cocoa , according to state-run television . In a statement read on air , the government announced that "  the purchase of coffee and cocoa from producers and producer groups is done exclusively by the State on the entire national territory . " "  The export of products of the coffee-cocoa sector is carried out by the State , by any legal person mandated by the State or holder of an exporter license , " the government announced . "  Approved exporters get their cocoa beans and green coffee from the State or any legal person mandated by the State . " The Ivory Coast is the world 's largest supplier of cocoa beans . Gbagbo , the incumbent , has refused to give up power since an electoral commission declared challenger Alassane Ouattara the winner of the November presidential election . Gbagbo 's refusal to step down has sparked violent clashes between supporters of the two rivals , resulting in the deaths of 365 people since December . Ouattara 's "  New Forces " loyalists claimed on the group 's website to have taken the west Ivory Coast city of Toulepleu after intense fighting with Gbagbo forces on Sunday . Gbagbo 's ability to maintain control over the nation 's coffee and cocoa industry could be key to his staying in power . Coffee and cocoa experts have provided the embattled leader with a lucrative revenue source to pay loyal civil servants and military officers . In January , Ouattara called for a ban on cocoa and coffee exports in an effort to shut down that revenue stream and force Gbagbo out of office .	Opponent has called for a ban on cocoa exports to force Gbagbo out of power Ivory Coast is the world 's largest supplier of cocoa beans
CNN  -- Algeria has officially lifted its 19-year-old state of emergency , according to the national Algerian Press Service . The action lifts restrictions on freedom of speech and assembly imposed to combat an Islamist insurgency . The country 's Council of Ministers approved the repeal Tuesday , state-run media reported . The move comes as Algeria , like other Arab nations , faces a wave of protest that has toppled regimes in Egypt and Tunisia and led to open revolt in against longtime strongman Moammar Gadhafi in neighboring Libya . Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika announced earlier this month that he would soon lift the emergency declaration , first imposed in 1992 and indefinitely renewed in 1993 . The emergency declaration was part of a clampdown on Islamist movements during a civil war that left more than 150,000 dead . But critics say the insurgency has long since diminished , and the law remained only to muzzle critics of the government . Bouteflika 's National Liberation Front has ruled the country since winning independence from France in 1962 , and Bouteflika has been in office since 1999 . U.S. analysts say Algeria faces some of the same problems that fueled uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt -- high rates of unemployment and a stagnant economy in particular . Protests over food prices began in January but quickly led to calls for political reform . Earlier this week , anti-government protesters clashed with police and pro-government demonstrators , opposition leaders said . The country 's long-running clampdown began in 1991 when an Islamist party led early balloting in Algeria 's first multiparty parliamentary elections . The military stepped in , canceled the second round of voting and launched a campaign against the Islamists that led to a full-scale insurgency , which effectively ended about a decade later . Human Rights Watch has said Algeria 's government controls state broadcast outlets and sharply restricts private newspapers , with journalists facing prosecution for criticism of public officials .	The action lifts restrictions on freedom of speech and assembly The emergency declaration was first imposed in 1992 Like other nearby nations , Algeria has experienced recent protests
CNN  -- Let 's all stop for moment , catch our breath and take in the magnitude of what is happening . Before we jump from campaign frenzy to post-election celebration -- or disappointment -- we should not let Election Day pass without pausing to really absorb what an extraordinary thing democracy is . The idea that the people have a right to decide who will govern them , that the men and women who want to become president have to undergo a grueling , months-long job application process , engaging with citizens , trying to persuade everyone , rich and poor , young , old , men , women -- everyone -- that they deserve the position , is a truly remarkable reality . It is also a contagious idea that has spilled across the surface of the Earth like water seeking its natural level . But it is not a self-occurring , automatic state of affairs . Over the centuries , the strong simply seized power , and the masses regularly endured unjust rule . Democracy has come because of enormous effort and sacrifice . And in too many places , many are still struggling , even dying , to claim it as their own . America 's democracy is flawed , yes . But it is nowhere near so flawed as to be rendered meaningless or beyond repair . President Obama : My vision for America Those who have spent their whole lives living under a democracy , or who have never witnessed the passion with which those living without it can yearn for a legitimate government , may not grasp just how stunning it is for all the people to have the power to choose their government . History , even recent and still-unfolding history , is filled with examples of dictatorship and tyranny . And it is rich with stories of courageous efforts to bring it down . No one who remembers what happened in China in 1989 can take democracy for granted . Hundreds of thousands of students took over Tiananmen Square , erecting their crude Styrofoam and papier mache replica of the Statue of Liberty , the Goddess of Democracy they called it , smack in front of the giant portrait of Mao Zedong . They declared that the goddess announced to the world that , "  A consciousness of democracy has awakened among the Chinese people ! The new era has begun . " It was not to be . Within four days , army tanks trampled the statue , along with hundreds , perhaps thousands of demonstrators . Today , the article you are reading now may not appear on Internet searches in China , which block the word "  Tiananmen , " along with efforts to bring democracy . And who can forget the first multiracial election in South Africa ? That day in 1994 , voters lined up for miles as far as the eye could see , some waiting as long as 12 hours to cast their vote . The winner was Nelson Mandela , revered to this day as a symbol of equality , reconciliation , non-violence and an unbending determination to make the privilege of democracy apply to all the people . Mitt Romney : My vision for America The passion for democracy among those who do n't enjoy it can seem naive to those who have seen its flaws . I remember interviewing women in Kuwait seeking the right to vote in that emirate 's very limited democracy . What if after gaining the vote they would not make any progress , I asked . Their answer revealed complete faith that democracy would bring the best outcome . Then we just have to work better , harder , to explain our positions to voters , they said . More recently , the images from Tahrir Square in Cairo inspired the world , as Egyptians sought to overthrow a decades-old dictatorship as part of a wave of revolutions across the region . We have followed with nervousness the unfolding uprisings in other parts of the Middle East , wondering whether democracy will emerge victorious . Not everyone who fights against the existing tyranny seeks democracy . There are those who would like to impose their own ideas of how the people should be ruled . 21 moments that defined the campaigns After all , we now accept as obvious the belief spelled out in the U.S. Declaration of Independence that governments derive their power from the consent of the governed . But that is truly a revolutionary vision , one that turns the concept of power on its head . In fact , it is a majestic idea , one that seems so romantic as to appear utopian , unreachable . And it is certainly not easy to achieve in all its fullness . It 's worth remembering that the proposition does not refer just to elections . Choosing a president and other representatives of the people to govern is just the first step . The true objective of the exercise is to establish a government that will work for the benefit of society or , as Lincoln so perfectly expressed it , "  a government of the people , by the people , for the people . " For a reminder of how drastically different this could be , think back to the start of the Arab revolutions , when Mohamed Bouazizi , an impoverished Tunisian fruit vendor trying desperately to make ends meet , set himself on fire after an official capriciously confiscated his fruit cart and weighing scales . Your take : Should we have polling places in churches ? It means that after a government takes the reins , the country has a right to expect it to function for the benefit of the nation ; that when the government fails , the people have a right to be outraged and demand results . In a few hours , the polls will close across the United States , results will begin pouring in and a large part of the population will feel deeply , painfully , angrily disappointed , while a slightly larger portion will burst into celebration  unless the election brings another excruciating delayed decision  . So , let 's pause briefly to experience a sense of awe for the system . After that , the time will be right for a new push to repair its many flaws . Frum : Our voting system is a disgrace The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Pause to marvel at democracy , where governed choose their leader She says idea contagious , points to Tiananmen Square , South Africa , Arab Spring She says elections only first step ; idea is a government that works for society 's benefit Ghitis : At election , reflect on majesty of process , then get to working to fix its flaws
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania man has been sentenced to 45 years in prison in a deadly bank robbery plot -- described by the judge in the case as "  incredibly bizarre " -- in which a pizza deliveryman died when a bomb affixed to his neck exploded . This device held a bomb to the neck of Brian Wells during a 2003 bank robbery in Erie , Pennsylvania . At the sentencing in Erie , Pennsylvania , prosecutors repeated their contention that the pizza deliveryman was involved in planning the robbery attempt but wore a live bomb only after being threatened by his co-conspirators . Kenneth Barnes , 55 , of Erie , was sentenced Wednesday after he pleaded guilty in September to conspiracy to commit bank robbery and using a destructive device during a crime of violence . Prosecutors said Barnes and three co-conspirators -- one of whom was pizza deliveryman Brian Wells -- planned to rob a PNC Bank on the outskirts of Erie , and Wells , 46 , carried out the robbery on August 28 , 2003 . Authorities said Wells walked into the bank with a pipe bomb locked to his neck and passed a note demanding money to a teller . The robbery netted about $ 8,700 . Wells died when the bomb exploded as he sat in a parking lot after being stopped by police shortly after the robbery . The case drew national attention and was the subject of intense investigation and questions about whether Wells was a willing participant or a murder victim . Prosecutors said after Barnes ' sentencing that Wells was involved in planning the robbery but balked when he realized that the bomb he was supposed to wear was real . He was threatened with a gun to make him wear the bomb , according to prosecutors . U.S. Attorney Mary Beth Buchanan called the sentence "  appropriate and just , " and said the contentions of Wells ' family that he was not involved in the plot are "  overwhelmingly " countered by evidence of meetings with Wells , Barnes and the other two co-conspirators before the robbery . One of the alleged co-conspirators is now dead and the other one , Marjorie Diehl-Armstrong , is undergoing treatment at a federal facility in Texas after the judge in the case found her mentally incompetent to stand trial . Her case will be re-examined by the court next year , said Margaret Philbin , spokeswoman for Buchanan 's office . In sentencing Barnes , U.S. District Judge Sean J. McLaughlin said , "  To me , the callousness and complete lack of regard for human life is , in a word , chilling . This case represents the unhappy combination of incredibly bizarre and sadly tragic . "	Pizza deliveryman died when bomb affixed to his neck exploded Prosecutors contend victim was in on plot but did n't count on live bomb Erie , Pennsylvania , judge calls case "  incredibly bizarre and sadly tragic "
Newt Gingrich insisted Sunday that some illegal immigrants who have become full community members should be able to stay in the country , but he added that his policy would require 7 million or more to go back to their home nations before having a chance to return . Appearing on the CBS program "  Face the Nation , " the front-running Republican presidential hopeful repeated his call for some kind of citizen review board to assess whether illegal immigrants would be eligible to get a residency permit and stay in America . Gingrich , a former House Speaker , said the American people would not tolerate the forced removal of someone who has lived in their community for 25 years , has children and grandchildren , and belongs to a local church . However , Gingrich said he expected about 1 million of the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants to qualify under the review board process to remain in the country , adding that they would have to be sponsored by an American family . The rest would have to leave , Gingrich said . "  My guess is that 7 or 8 or 9 million would ultimately go home to get a guest or worker permit and return under the law , " Gingrich said . His immigration policy has come under attack from some rival candidates who call it a form of amnesty -- a virtual dirty word for the conservative tea party movement .	Newt Gingrich says more than 7 million illegal immigrants would leave under his policy The GOP presidential hopeful 's immigration policy has been attacked by conservatives Citizen panels would assess which illegal immigrants were eligible to stay Only those sponsored by American families could qualify , Gingrich says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Oslo , Norway ranks as the world 's most expensive city for expatriates , according to a new survey by ECA International , a global human resources consultancy firm . In the top 10 , seven of the planet 's priciest cities lie in Europe , two are found in Africa , while just one rests in Asia . The rise of Norway 's capital to the top spot knocks Tokyo , Japan off the position it has claimed since 2010 . This year , Japan 's capital ranks as the world 's sixth priciest city for overseas workers . "  Prices in Oslo tend to be more expensive compared to other parts of the world  because of  the cost of production and labor , " says Lee Quane , Regional Director , Asia for ECA International . "  Services include dry cleaning , shoe repair , hair dressing - items which are more labor intensive - meals eaten out at restaurants as well . We also see the impact of taxes . For example alcohol and tobacco is relatively expensive . " According to ECA International data for Oslo , a movie ticket costs the equivalent of $ 18.76 , a beer at a bar costs $ 14.10 , while a soda will set you back $ 3.43 . Tokyo 's fall from the top of the charts follows weakness in Japan 's currency over the past several months , adds Quane . The yen has fallen by as much as 20 % since Shinzo Abe became prime minister in December 2012 . Abe has laid out a plan for a return to inflation -- with an official 2 % target -- after two decades of deflation , a stagnating economy and Japan 's exporters like Sony and Panasonic recording billions of dollars in annual losses . A weaker yen gives more buying power to foreigners visiting and exchanging their money . Still Tokyo remains the most expensive city in Asia for expats , in the survey by ECA International , beating Seoul , Beijing , Singapore and Hong Kong . A ticket to a Tokyo movie will take $ 19.09 out of your wallet , a soft drink is a more affordable $ 1.61 compared to Oslo , while a kilo of rice costs $ 10.00 -- the highest price in the entire ECA International survey . Overall , Asia 's city rankings have recently seen "  a lot of stability , " adds Quane . The global position rankings of Hong Kong and Singapore have only "  moved one or two points " , which he considers "  a good thing " and a signal towards a longer-term economic recovery after the 2008 global financial crisis . One surprise , says Quane , is the Philippine capital of Manila which jumped 19 points since the 2012 survey . "  The main reason was due to the strength of the currency . What we have seen is that the Philippines has been one of the strongest economies in Asia in the last 12 months as we 've seen more foreign direct investment go there . Because of that , we 've seen the currency strengthen and that pushed the Philippines up in ranking . "	Oslo is world 's most expensive city in 2013 ECA International survey Norway 's high cost of production , labor and high taxes pushed Oslo to top Tokyo , number one in 2012 , fell to number six this year due to weaker yen Quane : Asia city rankings stable , good sign of economic recovery after 2008 global crisis
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Flock of Seagulls ' friends and fans are watching Craigslist , eBay and pawn shops for band leader Mike Score 's stolen amps and instruments . While the singer 's signature floppy hair was lost years ago , Score 's keyboards , guitars , drums , mics and clothing disappeared last weekend when a thief took the band 's van from in front of a hotel in Downey , California , Score said . "  The van itself was found , but all the gear was taken . The van was empty , " he told CNN Wednesday . Investigators are searching for fingerprints and other clues on the vehicle . "  The word , though , is out and we have lots of other band members scouring eBay and Craigslist for signs of the equipment , " Score said . Southern California guitar stores have lists of the stolen gear in case someone tries to fence it there , he said . While equipment is replaceable , Score is especially anxious about a hard drive that contained songs for his upcoming solo album . The music "  was just about ready to go " when it disappeared with the van , he said . A reconstituted version of the 1980s English New Wave band has been playing gigs with co-founder Score as the only original member . Their biggest hit was "  I Ran  So Far Away  " in 1982 . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	The 1980s band 's van loaded with instruments and clothing disappeared last weekend "  The van itself was found , but all the gear was taken , " the lead singer says The English New Wave band 's biggest hit was "  I Ran  So Far Away  " in 1982 .
A rare letter written by Napoleon Bonaparte in English will go to the auction block in France on Sunday . The letter could fetch close to $ 100,000 in the auction in the French town of Fontainebleau , south of Paris . Auction house Osenat describes it as the first letter the French emperor wrote in English on St. Helena , after he was defeated and exiled to the British island to live under military guard . Learning English behind the backs of his captors "  was a sort of revenge , a historical revenge " for Napoleon , said Jean-Christophe Chataigner of Osenat . "  He was imprisoned by the English ... and he wants to continue to have a certain degree of independence , of freedom , and to be able to learn English without his jailers knowing it was a great motivation for him , " Chataigner said . The auctioneer said Napoleon picked up English relatively quickly and well . "  I think that French people who learn English today make lots more mistakes than Napoleon at the time , so it 's a letter which is relatively well-written , " he said . "  There are very few mistakes apart from a few words which have two meanings in English . " Napoleon learned the language in two or three years , Chataigner said . "  He 's really a very good student , although he was a good student in lots of fields so it 's maybe not that surprising , " he added .	It 's the first letter Napoleon wrote in English from captivity , the auction house says The deposed French emperor learned English in secret to spite his jailers The letter could sell for $ 100,000
CNN Student News  -- December 11 , 2013 A massive gathering of world leaders , a historic decision by an American carmaker , and a temperature lower than any other headline today 's edition of CNN Student News . We also look at proposed changes to an internationally recognized symbol , and we show you how three people rang in a new record for charity . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why are funerals of world leaders often televised ? What effect might watching a world leader 's funeral have on viewers ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Air Force One 2 . Antarctica 3 . International Symbol of Accessibility Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Which U.S. presidents traveled to Nelson Mandela 's memorial service aboard Air Force One ? According to the video , how have shared trips among current and former presidents impacted their lives ? 2 . Mary Barra is the first female head of what major U.S. automaker ? What do we know about her background ? 3 . Where is the coldest place on Earth , according to a recent measurement ? What was the measured record temperature ? Why are some scientists questioning this record ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What criteria do you think might have determined who would speak at Nelson Mandela 's memorial service ? What do you think it says about Mandela 's life that yesterday 's memorial service was held in a stadium and broadcast globally ? 2 . How do you think that a female CEO might inspire women and men in the workforce ? What do you think of GM 's decision to name a woman as CEO ? 3 . What are some places where you have seen the International Symbol of Accessibility ? In your opinion , should this symbol be changed ? What is your opinion of the proposed new symbol ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Africa South Africa FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
New York  CNN  -- The Great Recession is over for Eric Clapton fans . During a charity auction on Wednesday , fans bid on some of the guitar legend 's most prized possessions and raised $ 1.77 million for a drug treatment center in Antigua . The auction , held in New York , had 140 lots containing various guitars , amps , citations of achievements , touring case , and even a stage suit designed by Gianni Versace . All the money raised will go to benefit the Crossroads Centre , a nonprofit drug treatment center that Clapton founded on the island in the West Indies in 1998 . "  We feel it 's a tremendous success , " Kim Martin , a representative for the Crossroads Centre , said . "  We 're excited the auction raised the amount of money it did , and we 're grateful for the organizers and the many bidders who participated . " The item receiving the highest bid was Clapton 's 1948 Gibson LP5 guitar , which sold for $ 82,960 . According to the auction catalogue , Clapton said the guitar had "  plenty of use . " Other big sellers were a 2005 Zemaitis guitar that sold for $ 75,640 and a 2008 Martin guitar that fetched $ 70,760 . The lowest-selling item was an Andrea Valentini tote bag , which went for $ 610 .	Most lucrative item was a 1948 Gibson LP5 guitar , which fetched nearly $ 83,000 Two other guitars sold for more than $ 70,000 Auction benefits a drug treatment center Clapton founded in Antigua
Baghdad  CNN  -- The widow of an al Qaeda in Iraq leader has been sentenced to 20 years in prison , after being convicted of involvement in terrorism . Hasna Ali was the wife of Abu Ayyub al-Masri , one of the two top leaders of al Qaeda in Iraq who were killed in a joint Iraqi-U.S. operation in April 2010 . Al-Masri was military leader of al Qaeda in Iraq . Iraqi Supreme Judicial Council spokesman Abdul Sattar al-Berqdar told CNN Sunday that Hasna Ali , who is from Yemen , was sentenced in an Iraqi court . Abu Ayyub al-Masri was the military leader of al Qaeda in Iraq . He was killed along with Abu Omar al-Baghdadi , who was leader of the Islamic State of Iraq , an umbrella group that includes al Qaeda in Iraq . When they were killed more than a year ago , then-commander of U.S. Forces-Iraq Gen. Raymond Odierno called it "  potentially the most significant blow to al Qaeda in Iraq since the beginning of the insurgency . " Journalists Fattah Mahmood Fattah and Muhaimen Najm contributed to this report .	Hasna Ali was married to Abu Ayyub al-Masri Al-Masri , al Qaeda in Iraq 's military leader , was killed in a joint Iraqi-U.S. operation last year
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The list of house rules make it clear what one Singaporean working mother expects of her new maids . "  You can not choose your food ... I will decide the type of food to buy for you . You can not use the washing machine or dryer ... you must hand wash your own clothes and bed sheets . And if  the children  fall down , it 's your fault . " "  Tamarind , " as she 's known , lists the rules on her blog , which is advertised as "  primarily for employers who have suffered at the hands of bad maids . " She says her maids are n't punished , if they break the rules , but firm guidance is needed early on . Just over 200,000 maids , or foreign domestic workers  FDW  , live and work in one in six households in Singapore , according to migrant advocacy group Transient Workers Count Too  TWC2  . They came in large numbers in the 1980s when the government encouraged more women and highly skilled workers into the economy , creating the need for more help at home and the money to pay for it . Since then , the city-state has come to rely so much upon its imported help that the government is struggling to balance the demands of its local population with criticism that it 's doing too little to protect workers ' rights . "  What 's really striking is that Singapore has done a good job of addressing cases of physical and sexual abuse against domestic workers ... but they have really fallen behind the norm in terms of not including these workers under the labor law and considering them as workers , " says Nisha Varia from Human Rights Watch . "  It 's something Singapore should feel really embarrassed about . " While maids are recognized under Singapore 's Employment of Foreign Manpower Act , the legislation does n't regulate pay or working hours . That is agreed in a contract between the employer and employee , along with their recruitment company . While the standard contract asks parties to nominate one day off a month  to be paid in lieu , if the maid chooses to forgo it  , the Act only requires employers to provide "  adequate rest . " Employers who fail to comply can be fined up to $ 5,000  US$ 3,900  and jailed for up to six months . In 2010 , the Ministry of Manpower  MOM  says it took action against 26 employers for failure to provide adequate food , rest or medical care . In the first half of 2011 , nine were held to account . "  Most FDW employers are responsible and treat their FDWs well , " a government spokesperson said . Yet , according to a survey released this year by Transient Workers Count Too , only 12 % of Singapore 's foreign domestic workers , mostly women from Indonesia and the Philippines , were granted a day off each week . Just over half had a day off each month . "  One of the things we noticed from the responses of employers is a kind of panicked reaction when we start talking about a day off , " says TWC2 's executive director Vincent Wijeysingha . "  I think that 's based on the fact that we 've come to depend so much on our domestic workers for everything . You see them running the household , shopping , paying bills and looking after vulnerable people in the family . "  The key reason why we need them is because there are no affordable childcare services and no affordable elderly daycare services . So this represents the cheapest social policy option , " he says . Tamarind gives her current maid two days off a month and does n't believe the law should be changed . "  In Singapore , most Chinese husbands do not help with house work and children . If all maids have a day off every week that would mean that full-time working mothers have no rest at all , " she told CNN . She adds : "  Maids are not as vulnerable as you think . Many maids will agree to a contract with no day off at first . Then a few months later they ask for a day off ; otherwise , they will ask to transfer to a new employer . " "  Many people think that maids are forced to work with one employer due to the contract . The truth is that the contract is useless , " she says . Tamarind says her maid would prefer to earn extra money than take a day off -- something Human Rights Watch says only underscores how little domestic workers are paid . "  They 're being paid so little that they ca n't even afford to take off that one day a week , " Varia says , adding , "  A lot of them are doing this to survive and to support their families back home . " Nining Djohar worked for three years as a maid in Singapore before she was allowed a day off . And even then it was only after she changed employers . "  Of course I am very tired and I can not tell about anything . Three months after going with my employer I wanted to go out . Because the house is so big , there are two children also , two babies . Then after that ... yell yell yell , everything is wrong . I try to call my agency , but the agency is no more , " she says . Conditions have improved since Djohar left Singapore in 2003 , with the introduction of the standard contract in 2006 . Djohar now works for Migrant Care in Jakarta , helping other Indonesian women to navigate the system . "  All of the people ask me one thing ; one day off every Sunday , " she says . Singapore 's Ministry of Manpower says it 's conducting an "  ongoing " review of domestic workers rights and the responsibilities of employers , including the "  suggestion " of legislated rest days . Human Rights Watch says no matter what the review reveals , the government has a moral duty to legislate days off .	HRW : Singapore "  should be embarrassed " about record on domestic worker rights Just over 200,000 foreign domestic workers live and work in one in six Singaporean homes Survey shows only 12 % of city-state 's foreign domestic workers have a day off a week Fierce resistance from employers to calls for legislated days off
Sochi , Russia  CNN  -- Why does Sochi 2014 matter ? It 's a question worth asking given we 're thick into the action of the 22nd Winter Games . Maybe you 're debating whether to engage , considering the need to consume , or assessing why you should pay attention to the festival of winter sports taking place in Russia ? If so , maybe these 10 reasons will warm you to the event that just loves to be in the cold : 1 . Volunteers ' view : Sarana , Ksenya and David - Sochi 2014 unpaid workers : "  Russia could really use a reputation boost , its doors are open . This has been such a great opportunity for us , I 'm from Holland  David  and I 'm from the far east of Russia  Sarana  , so it 's been great to come together and to meet so many new people , to meet new friends . " 2 . Athlete 's view : Dow Travers , skier Cayman Islands : "  I think it matters because of the camaraderie of the nations who come together and compete in events where human effort prevails , it 's all about human spirit . It 's a great honor to represent my country and there 's a great sense of pride when everyone back home sees the Cayman Island flag . It proves that things can be accomplished even if you 're from a small Caribbean island . " 3 . Organizer 's view : Anthony Edgar , head of Media Operations , International Olympic Committee  IOC  : "  If we went back to the bid and look at what Sochi presented , with the breakup of the Soviet Union we had a country which had won more Olympic medals than any other nation that all of a sudden had nowhere to train . They had to hold their own national championships in other countries ! "  The Russians said they planned to bring world-class facilities back to Russia , to build a university in Sochi , so athletes could train in the best way and help them become the premier nation in winter sports once again , and they would do this regardless of whether they won or not . You look at the Park now and the university that 's been built and they 've come through on every one . That 's why I think it 's important . " 4 . Athlete 's view : Susanna Tapani , women 's ice hockey player , Finland : "  It 's my first Olympic Games so I 'm very excited to be competing on the biggest stage there is for sport ! In Finland everyone watches the coverage but women 's ice hockey is not that popular at the moment , so this will really help to inspire people to get interested in the sport and to take more notice . " 5 . Press view : Helene St. James , sports journalist , Detroit Free Post : "  I think it 's great , just like it was with Beijing , when a fairly opaque country gets cast into greater transparency . I think there 's been a lot more attention on human and gay rights in Russia . They have n't been able to hide because of all the attention the Games brings from all of the world 's media . "  It matters because Russia will feel it helps the way they 'll be perceived but there are also other governments and human rights organizations that will be hoping the attention will help change internal issues for the better . " 6 . Athlete 's view : Ekaterina Lobysheva , speedskater , Russia : "  I 'm just so happy that we have an Olympic Games in my country . The last time we hosted was in Moscow in 1980 but that was the summer version . "  Sochi is the first time we 've hosted the winter version and I think this will be vital to help popularize the kind of sport I participate in across my country . We used to be very good in these disciplines but did not always have the places to train or to compete in , but now we do ! " 7 . Spectator 's view : Daniel Pressberger , school teacher , Los Angeles U.S. : "  It 's about peace and getting together with a bunch of people , being out and about , being alive , getting up off the couch and doing something . I 've only been to 14 Olympics and so far I think Sochi is great , the people are very nice , things are either finished or nearly finished . I have no hotel issues because I 'm staying with a family here . "  It matters because ... if you can get away from where you are and go somewhere else , it 's better to do something than stay home and do nothing -- get up and do something ! " 8 . Sponsor 's view : Steve Easterbrook , McDonald 's global chief brand officer : "  Sport is one of the great convening powers in society . Our association with Sochi 2014 allows us to bring access to the event to our customers . Sport crosses boundaries and there are very few truly global opportunities , but the Olympics is absolutely one of those . "  We do business in 120 countries and the reality is that all those countries participate in the either the Summer or the Winter Games . We want to be relevant to our consumers and we see the interest , country by country , in the Olympics as a democratizing force . "  Aspire to being the best , being inclusive , doing things in the right spirit -- the Olympic ideal has that ethos running through it and we feel that 's a spirit we share . If it matters to our customers it matters to us . 9 . Athlete 's view : Anna Gasser , women 's slopestyle snowboarder , Austria : "  It was the best feeling just to compete even though it did n't work out the way I wanted  Gasser finished 10th in her event despite being a pre-final favorite  . It 's the first year that slopestyle has been part of the Olympics and everyone knows it 's a dream come true if you can go to the Games and compete against the best in your sport . "  It really mattered to me to represent my sport and to fight it out with the best girls . A lot of people wonder , ` What is this sport ? Sliding on rails and getting hurt a lot ? ' but now it is getting popular . They even showed it live in Austria , which is traditionally skiing heartland ! " 10 . All-out action : Ben Wyatt , CNN reporter in Sochi : Few sporting tournaments combine the danger , death-defying heights , break-neck speeds and requirement of bravery like the Winter Games . From the ski jump , to the skeleton , bobsleigh to the speed skating , puck slap shots to snowboard acrobatics this is about athletics exaggerated by its environment and climatic context to amazing effect . "  Nearly every event is laced with adrenaline . Even if you 're not a sports fan , can you really stay unmoved by the audacity and adventure shown by the competitors ? It makes your armchair all the more safe and comfortable as a result . "	Are you debating whether to engage with Sochi 2014 ? Maybe these 10 reasons will warm you to the event that just loves to be cold ` It 's about peace and getting together with a bunch of people " "  It makes your armchair all the more safe and comfortable "
CNN  -- A former associate of Osama bin Laden , described by authorities as a "  Pakistan-based attack planner , " has been arrested in Afghanistan , a spokesman for the NATO-led coalition said Thursday . The International Security Assistance Force declined to identify the man , saying it was not releasing further information . "  It 's part of an ongoing operation , " Army Maj. Tim James , spokesman for ISAF 's joint command , told CNN by telephone from Afghanistan . The man was arrested along with two others described as "  associates , " according to ISAF , during a raid Wednesday in the northern province of Balkh , an insurgent stronghold that borders Uzbekistan . The arrest follows another a day earlier in the same area of a suspected al Qaeda-linked militant believed responsible for last week 's suicide attack at a provincial governor 's office that killed an Afghan police commander and wounded a German general , according to an ISAF operational update posted on its website . The operation comes a month after U.S. commandos killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in a raid in Abbottabad , Pakistan . In a statement posted on its website , ISAF released few details about Wednesday 's arrest , saying only that it is "  suspected he was with bin Laden in Afghanistan in 2001 . " He was captured during an overnight operation after he was tracked to a compound in Nahr-e Shahi , the statement said .	Coalition officials decline to identify the man , saying only he was bin Laden associate The man is believed to have been with bin Laden in Afghanistan in 2001 Official : ` It 's part of an ongoing operation ' The arrest comes a month after bin Laden was killed by U.S. commandos
CNN  -- Affirmative action . Voting rights . Same-sex marriage . The Supreme Court is about to rule on some of the most contentious issues in American society -- issues that have divided Americans for years . "  These are critical decisions , " said Ron Brownstein , a CNN political analyst . They affect "  the future of our social relations , our workplace , our educational opportunity . " The rulings could come as early as Monday . At the latest , they 're expected by the end of the month . Learn about the big cases The big cases include : Affirmative action The case : Student Abigail Fisher sued the University of Texas , saying she was rejected partly because she is white . The school defended its policy of considering race as one of many factors . See selected quotes from the arguments here The Defense of Marriage Act The case : The key plaintiff , Edith Windsor , sued the federal government after the death of her longtime female partner , saying she faced an estate bill much larger than those heterosexual married partners have to pay . Windsor married Thea Clara Spyer in 2007 in Toronto . By the time Spyer died in 2009 , New York , where they lived , recognized that marriage . Under DOMA , the federal government does not . California 's Proposition 8 The case : California , through Proposition 8 on a statewide ballot , banned same-sex marriage . A federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled that unconstitutional . Now , the Supreme Court 's nine justices could fundamentally alter how American law treats marriage . The Voting Rights Act The case : The 1965 law gives federal authorities open-ended oversight of states and localities that have a history of voter discrimination . After the provision was reauthorized by Congress in 2006 for another 25 years , counties in Alabama and North Carolina filed suit , saying the monitoring was burdensome and unwarranted .	The Supreme Court will rule on several critical cases Decisions on affirmative action , voting rights and same-sex marriage are due They could come as early as Monday or as late as the end of the month
Germany 's parliament voted Tuesday for Angela Merkel to serve a third term as the country 's chancellor , this time at the head of a grand coalition government . The coalition is made up of Merkel 's conservative bloc , her Christian Democratic Union party and the allied Christian Social Union , and the center-left Social Democrats . Merkel was re-elected by 462 votes in Germany 's lower house , or Bundestag , with 150 votes against and nine abstentions , and was sworn in as chancellor soon afterward . Her Cabinet is also due to be sworn in Tuesday . The parliamentary vote came after members of the Social Democratic Party  SPD  overwhelmingly approved the coalition deal in a postal ballot . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso wrote to Merkel to congratulate her on her re-election , saying it "  constitutes both an endorsement of your past efforts and a signal of confidence for the coming years . " He added that he was looking forward to "  constructive and fruitful cooperation " with the German government in the future , as the European Union continues its efforts to counter the effects of the global financial crisis . Merkel 's election to another four-year term brings to an end nearly three months of uncertainty for Germany , the eurozone 's economic powerhouse . Merkel emerged from September elections with the CDU 's biggest vote in 20 years . But the CDU and CSU did not win an outright victory , requiring them to form a coalition government . The pro-business Free Democrats , Merkel 's previous coalition partner , failed to pass the 5 % threshold for getting into parliament , putting a grand coalition with the SPD , the CDU 's chief election rival , in the frame . The coalition agreement , hammered out last month , includes a new nationwide minimum wage of 8.50 euros  $ 11.50  an hour beginning January 2015 and other measures favored by the SPD . Merkel 's third term will give the country consistent leadership at a time when the future of the euro has come under question amid the economic problems of some eurozone members . While Germany has emerged from the crisis with its economy relatively intact , nations such as Greece have entered deep recessions while unemployment has soared .	Angela Merkel is sworn in for a third term as Germany 's chancellor Jose Manuel Barroso says Merkel 's re-election is an endorsement of her efforts Merkel was re-elected by 462 votes , with 150 votes against and nine abstentions The parliamentary vote follows approval of a coalition deal by SPD members
CNN  -- Defending world champion Jorge Lorenzo of Spain claimed victory in Sunday 's Italian MotoGP at Mugello to close the gap on Casey Stoner in the overall title standings . Australian Stoner began the race in pole position and led for the opening 17 of the 23-lap race . But Lorenzo took the lead with a superb overtaking move on a steep , downhill chicane and steadily pulled away for an impressive victory , with Stoner having to contend with finishing in third position after also being overtaken by Honda teammate Andrea Dovizioso on the final lap . American Ben Spies , the winner in Assen last weekend , finished fourth with Marco Simoncelli fifith and Italian legend Valentino Rossi -- racing in front of his home fans for the first time since joining Ducati -- finishing sixth . Talking to BBC TV , Lorenzo said : " "  I 'm so happy with the win . Casey was so quick but little by little , lap by lap I managed to catch him . "  I finally saw the opportunity to overtake Casey on the downhill section and was able to take it , " he added . Stoner blamed a problem with his tires for the defeat , adding : "  I did everything I could but the tire pressure went up too high and I lost all grip in the rear . "  I tried to keep a consistent pace but I was just too slow at the end , " Stoner continued . The result leaves 2007 world champion Stoner with a 19-point advantage in the current championship standings . Stoner lies on 152 points after eight of the 18 races , with Yamaha rider Lorenzo lying second on 133 points . Dovizioso  119  and Rossi  91  lie third and fourth in the standings with Nicky Hayden  77 points  rounding out the top five . `	Jorge Lorenzo claims victory in Sunday 's Italian MotoGP at Mugello The Spanish world champion beats Andrea Dovizioso and Casey Stoner Stoner maintains his world title advantage by 19 points from Lorenzo
CNN  -- Andy Murray has served up a few changes to his support team at the end of the tennis season but there is one person who is n't going anywhere -- his new fiancée Kim Sears . The British world No. 6 has popped the question to his long-standing girlfriend , his management confirmed . The good news for the 27-year-old Scot is that she said aye , do ! Murray got himself into hot water in January with a spoof tweet in reply to a fan 's question saying he and Sears planned to marry after Wimbledon . Sears , who met Murray at the U.S. Open in 2005 , answered the speculation on the Twitter account she runs for the couple 's dogs Maggie May and Rusty . "  FYI , nobody is getting married . His tweets need a sarcasm disclaimer , " she responded . It may be game , set and match in Murray 's love life but the 2013 Wimbledon champion has decided to split from coach Dani Vallverdu and fitness trainer Jez Green . "  We sat down at the end of the season and decided that a change would be best for all of us , " Murray said on this website . "  My off season training and Australian Open preparations have already begun and I am very excited for the new year . " There is still another woman in Murray 's life , however . He will continue to work with French double grand slam winner Amelie Mauresmo , who he appointed as his new coach in June . Murray 's engagement means three quarters of the "  Big Four " in the men 's global game are now off the market . World No. 1 Novak Djokokovic married his long-standing girlfriend Jelena Ristic after winning a second Wimbledon title this summer . The couple announced the birth of their first child , a son Stefan , in October . It was also a family focused year for Roger Federer , whose wife Mirka gave birth to a second set of twins -- boys Leo and Lenny -- in May . If anything more double diaper trouble for the Swiss 17-time grand slam champion seemed to bring an upswing in form . The 33-year-old finished the season as the world No. 2 after winning the Davis Cup for the first time with Switzerland . Rafael Nadal has been dating childhood sweetheart Xisca Perello , who is also from the Spanish island of Mallorca , for more than eight years . The question is will the world No. 3 now feel any peer pressure to propose ?	Andy Murray and his girlfriend Kim Sears to wed , his management confirms The Briton makes amends for tweet gaffe when he announced a post-Wimbledon wedding But Murray splits from coaches Jez Green and Dani Vallverdu Spanish world No. 3 Rafael Nadal is the only unmarried member of men 's "  Big Four "
CNN  -- The illegal trade in animals is emptying ecosystems and pushing rare species toward extinction . I know this is a topic you care deeply about , because 13,276 of you voted for me to cover wildlife trafficking as part of CNN 's Change the List effort . Those of you who did n't vote should get interested , too . The illegal trade in wildlife is valued at $ 19 billion per year , according to a 2013 report from the International Fund for Animal Welfare , and it 's known to finance the drug trade and illegal arms trade as well . Plus , the trade is fodder for some amazing stories -- stories of desperate poachers , daring park rangers and bizarre little creatures in need of protection . Related : Poachers are prey in the Congo I asked my Twitter followers last week to help me come up with a list of must-read books and must-watch documentaries on the subject of the global wildlife trade . The start of that list is below . Have other suggestions ? Leave a note in the comments and I might add your book , documentary , article or podcast to this list . Related : 99 must-reads on income inequality And look for more on this soon . The next Change the List project will focus on the illegal wildlife trade . You 'll find the stories here at CNN Opinion , at CNN.com / Change , and on my Twitter and Facebook feeds . The books on this list will help inform that story . Until then , here 's the list . Thanks for your help in sharing and growing it : 1 . "  Shell Games : Rogues , Smugglers and the Hunt for Nature 's Bounty , " by Craig Welch  From Amazon : " ` Shell Games ' is a cops-and-robbers tale set in a double-crossing world where smugglers fight turf wars over some of the world 's strangest marine creatures . " 2 . "  Anything that Moves : Renegade Chefs , Fearless Eaters and the Making of a New American Food Culture , " by Dana Goodyear  I read this book late last year and loved it . It 's not exactly on the wildlife trade , per se , but as Goodyear "  sets out to meet the people who are stretching our notions of what is edible , " as the The Times put it in a review , she also explores people in the United States who are eating rare and endangered animals , including a restaurant in Santa Monica , California , that was busted serving whale . 3 . "  Killing for Profit , " by Julian Rademeyer  "  On the black markets of Southeast Asia , rhino horn is worth more than gold , cocaine and heroin , " the book 's site says . This catalogs a "  two-year-long investigation into a dangerous criminal underworld . " 4 . "  The Lizard King : True Crimes and Passions of the World 's Greatest Reptile Smugglers , " by Bryan Christy  From Amazon : "  Imagine ` The Sopranos , ' with snakes ! " 5 . "  Black Market : Inside the Endangered Species Trade in Asia , " by Ben Davies 6 . "  Trading to Extinction , " by Patrick Brown  A black-and-white photo book of 10 years of work documenting the wildlife trade . 7 . "  Animal Investigators : How the World 's First Wildlife Forensics Lab Is Solving Crimes and Saving Endangered Species , " by Laurel Neme  "  CSI for wildlife . " 8 . "  The Tiger : A True Story of Vengence and Survival , " by John Vaillant  I 'm a couple chapters into this and the suspense is gripping and the writing is eloquent -- and it sounds like it just gets better . From The New York Times review : "  The structure of John Vaillant 's book echoes that of ` Moby-Dick , ' alternating a gripping chase narrative with dense explanations of the culture and ecology surrounding that chase . ` Jaws ' fans will recognize the dramatic strategy of keeping the beast offstage as much as possible to allow terror to fill in the blanks , as well as a certain lurid detail at the book 's end , which I wo n't reveal . " 9 . "  Love , Life and Elephants , " by Daphne Sheldrick  A memoir by "  the first person ever to have successfully hand-reared newborn elephants . " 10 . "  Conflict Tiger , " by Sasha Snow  A documentary that inspired Vaillant 's book . "  In the forests of the Russian Far East , an inexperienced and foolhardy poacher triggers an infamous series of tiger attacks on people . " Watch a preview on Vimeo . 11 . "  Battle for the Elephants , " by John Heminway  2013 National Geographic special , which you can watch online via PBS.org . 12 . "  The Last Rhino , " by Jonah Hull  Al Jazeera "  examines the poaching industry from South Africa to Asia . 13 . "  Ivory , Horn and Blood : Behind the Elephant and Rhinoceros Poaching Crisis , " by Ronald Orenstein 14 . "  Policing International Trade in Endangered Species , " by Rosalind Reeve  Examines the 1973 Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora , more commonly known as CITES . 15 . "  Hope for Animals and Their World : How Endangered Species are Being Rescued from the Brink , " by Jane Goodall 16 . "  The Last Great Ape , " by Ofir Drori and David McDannald 17 . "  Behind the Schemes , " iTunes podcast by Annamiticus UPDATE : More must-reads ! Thanks to dozens of you for suggesting additions to this list . Some of your picks are below . Keep them coming in the comments section at the bottom of this story . Also , check out a wildlife-trafficking-focused Twitter list I created with your help . 18 . "  Trafficking : A Memoir of an Undercover Game Warden , " by Tony Latham 19 . "  Bear Sanctuary , " by Victor Watkins 20 . "  The Last Rhinos : My Battle to Save One of the World 's Greatest Creatures , " by Lawrence Anthony 21 . "  Game Wars : The Undercover Pursuit of Wildlife Poachers , " by Marc Reisner  1993 22 . "  Winged Obsession : The Pursuit of the World 's Most Notorious Butterfly Smuggler , " by Jessica Speart 23 . "  Sold into Extinction , " by Jacqueline Schneider  A criminologist 's perspective 24 . "  To Save an Elephant , " by Allan Thornton and Dave Currey 25 . "  Stolen World : A Tale of Reptiles , Smugglers and Skulduggery , " by Jennie Erin Smith The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John D. Sutter .	NEW : The list grows with more suggested reading The next Change the List series will focus on wildlife trafficking Readers voted for John Sutter to cover that topic as part of the project Sutter asks Twitter followers to help him create a list of "  must-reads " on trafficking
CNN  -- NFL side judge Brian Stropolo has been pulled from Sunday 's New Orleans Saints vs. Carolina Panthers game because he 's a Saints fan , NFL spokesman Greg Aiello confirmed to CNN . Stropolo has a Facebook page -- which has since been pulled -- showing him in Saints gear . "  He was taken off game due to the information disclosing that he is a Saints fan . We must avoid even the appearance of a conflict , " Aiello said The NFL failed to reach a labor agreement with its regular officiating crew earlier this month , prompting the hiring of replacements . Stropolo was hired as replacement staff . Alternate Tim Keese is replacing Stropolo as side judge for Sunday 's game in Charlotte , North Carolina . Officiating crews always have an alternate in case a backup is needed for any reason .	Member of officiating crew for Sunday 's Saints vs. Panthers game is a Saints fan "  We must avoid even the appearance of a conflict , " NFL spokesman says NFL failed to reach labor deal with regular officiating crew prior to start of season
Chao Hu , Anhui , China  CNN  Six-year-old Lu Yiming is a handful . One minute , he 's on the concrete roof of his two-story house , the next he 's fiddling with fireworks . Now , he 's skating down an alley . "  Come back here ! " yells his grandmother . "  I have such a headache raising this child , " 72-year-old old Tang Xinying confides . Lu 's mother abandoned him after he was born and his father works as a carpenter in Shandong province hundreds of miles further north . He comes back perhaps once a year . In China , Lu is what 's called a "  left-behind child . " Conservatively , there are at least 61 million such children in China -- that 's a staggering one in five . They struggle at school , have higher rates of mental health issues , and suffer from more behavioral problems than their contemporaries . "  I tell him ` your father is working and your mother does n't want you , ' " says an exasperated Tang . In Chao Hu , a village in the inland province of Anhui , a dead-end track passes by half-finished housing projects and abandoned fields . A yellow haze hangs in the air leaving a metallic taste in the mouth . China 's industrial pollution made it out here , but the jobs have n't . Everyone of working age in Chao Hu has gone to the cities to find work , leaving the old and very young behind . Lu holds my hand as we walk through the tiny village . A group of old women sit on three-legged wooden stools listening to Chinese opera on a small radio . Another walks by knitting . Some old men make bootleg liquor in an oil drum . "  We do n't have fields that we can farm , if you do n't go out to work , then how do you earn an income ? " says Tang . "  Their parents have to work outside of town and they can not bring their children with them . " The All China Women 's Federation , a state - backed organization , paints a bleak picture for left behind children . A steady stream of state media reports highlights the abuse suffered by left behind children . And crimes are often blamed on them . "  It has a huge impact on society and the generation of people who grow up without parents , " says Ines Kaempfer , of the Center for Child-Rights and Corporate Social Responsibility . "  There is a generation of Chinese society that lacks security and trust . It could have a potentially disastrous effect . " Unintended consequences of mass urbanization and migration are not unique to China . But draconian rules have made the problem worse . China 's much-hated hukou system registers families as either rural or urban . Most migrants ca n't change their household registration when they move . They struggle to access healthcare and other social services in urban areas . Their children ca n't go to public schools -- even if they are born in the cities . Critics say the hukou system has created a vast underclass of cheap labor to help drive China 's manufacturing revolution . Recognizing some of its failures , the Chinese Communist Party has proposed reforms of the hukou system including doing away with temporary residence permits . The topic is under discussion this week at the annual meeting of China 's National People 's Congress , the country 's rubber-stamp parliament . "  Though it is better than before , the hukou system is a huge problem , " says Professor Fan Bin , of the Huadong Technology Institute . "  Migrants ca n't afford to keep their children in big cities , the rent is high and the wages are low , and they ca n't pay the tuition for private schools . " In Chao Hu village , Tang is cooking a meal of rice and spinach for her grandson . She swirls peanut oil on her simple stove top . "  I ca n't teach my grandson well . This boy should be educated by his father and mother , " she says , "  I can not catch him when he runs away from me . I can not discipline him when he misbehaves . " Tang is convinced she ca n't give her grandson the support he needs . "  We do n't have a choice , even if the situation is n't good . If I do n't take care of him who will , " she says . CNN 's Serena Dong contributed to this report .	One in five Chinese kids are "  left behind " Their parents are migrant workers who leave rural areas for the cities They struggle at school , have higher rates of mental health issues ,
CNN  -- A year ago , football 's finances seemed to be healthier than ever , bucking the trend of global economic hardship . The total European market had ballooned to a staggering $ 20.76 billion by the end of the 2007-8 season , and clubs -- especially in England -- splashed out big in the January 2009 transfer market , with the Premier League responsible for a record-breaking $ 252 million in player purchases . Things looked good . Spanish big-spenders Real Madrid , incredibly , then beat that English figure on their own in the off-season . Recession ? Who 's buying that . But this month 's transfer merry-go-round looks like being a much more somber affair . Some big , big clubs are trying to stave off some big , big problems . Even given those rosy-looking figures of 2007-08 , the most recent available , Europe 's top clubs then still owed more than $ 6 billion according to a study by football finance expert Jose Maria Gay de Liébena , an accounting professor at the University of Barcelona . "  Clubs are getting deeper and deeper into the mire of enormous debt , and along with overvalued assets and costs that far outstrip income levels , this is the biggest of football 's ills , " Gay de Liébena said in his report . When reports start circulating that an outfit as big as Manchester United , regularly near the top of Deloitte 's list of football 's wealthiest clubs , are considering refinancing some $ 960 million of debt with a bond issue , then you know that something is up . The Glazer family saddled United with huge debts with their 2005 takeover , and the Americans also have outstanding personal sums owed on the deal which have since increased by $ 64 million , according to Britain 's The Times newspaper . With European ruling body UEFA planning to bring in new rules governing debt and ownership from 2012 which mean clubs can not spend more than they earn , the pressure is on to find a safe financial footing . Chelsea 's billionaire owner Roman Abramovich responded last week by converting the $ 540 million he has given the English club in interest-free loans into equity . And it 's not just in England where clubs , also including the American-owned Liverpool , are battling to stay afloat in a sea of debt -- said to be around $ 4.3 billion for the whole of the Premier League , according to the Wall Street Journal . German giants Bayern Munich plan big wage cuts , according to Britain 's Guardian newspaper , and may be forced to sell star asset Franck Ribery , long a target of Real , United and Chelsea . "  We are going to try to reduce the wages , " the Bundesliga club 's director of sport Christian Nerlinger said . "  The wages have gone through the roof and , therefore , we have got to get our message through to the players that a new contract does not necessarily mean a pay rise . " Belgian club Mouscron has been put into liquidation after being expelled from the Jupiler League on December 28 for failing to meet financial obligations , with debts of $ 1.15 million , ending 87 years of existence . While clubs such as United and Liverpool incurred vast debts when they were taken over by new owners , player wages have long been a major item on the expenses side of the balance sheet . Portsmouth have become the poster club of failed payments in recent times , on Tuesday failing to pay their players ' wages for the fourth time this season . The English outfit is riddled with debt following two takeovers in the past six months , with former owner Alexandre Gaydamak claiming that he is still owed some $ 45 million in loans and the British tax department issuing a winding-up notice over unpaid debts . "  These chaps knew what they were getting . They must have realized there is a wage bill and the tax bill to meet every month . There are no surprises , " Gaydamak told the www.fansonline.net Web site . The Premier League has also been forced to take action , diverting Portsmouth 's latest $ 11 million in television money to Chelsea , Tottenham and Watford -- who are all owed sums by the struggling club for player transfers . And the problem is not restricted to the upper echelons of the English game , whose only big-spenders this month may be Chelsea and Manchester City , owned by Abu Dhabi oil billionaire Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan . Second division Crystal Palace , bankrolled by millionaire Simon Jordan , have failed to make wage payments to players on time for the past two months , and four times in the last year . Lower league club Notts County were saved from oblivion in July by the Munto Finance group , who promised to take the world 's oldest side into the Premier League with a massive cash injection and the expensive acquisition of former England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson as director of football . But that has fallen by the wayside with Munto selling to chairman Peter Trembling for a nominal fee , and the club again faces an uncertain future with a second winding-up order from the tax man , though Eriksson apparently remains committed to his post . Scottish clubs were last year forced to accept a far less lucrative replacement deal from Sky and ESPN following the collapse of Irish broadcaster Setanta , highlighting how precarious the existence of some leagues is . "  The economy of football is not an exception to the rule of economics , " Gay de Liébena said . "  If one major sponsorship or television deal collapses , the clubs will sink . "	Football 's finances may not be as healthy as previous figures have suggested Manchester United reportedly seeking to refinance $ 960 million of debt with a bond issue German giants Bayern Munich pledge to cut massive wage bill amid fears of overspending Belgian club Mouscron goes into liquidation after failing to meet obligations
CNN  -- The U.S Navy minesweeper that grounded on a Philippine reef last week has taken on water and sustained too much damage to be towed off , the Navy says . "  It 's got hull penetrations in several places , and there is a significant amount of water inside the ship , " Rear Adm. Tom Carney said at a briefing Thursday . The Navy said it will use ship-borne cranes and heavy-lift vessels to lift the minesweeper , the USS Guardian , off the Tubbataha Reef . "  As the crane ships arrive , we will take items off the Guardian to lighten the weight of the ship so we are able to remove it from the reef , " Carney said . "  The option that we had hoped to tow the ship off the reef is not available . The ship is too badly damaged . " The Guardian would be removed from the area on a barge or other ship , Carney said . "  The ship can not move on its own , and it is not operational , " he said . The 224-foot-long ,1,312 - ton ship was on its way from Subic Bay , Philippines , to its next port call in Indonesia when it struck the reef , about 80 miles  130 kilometers  east-southeast of Palawan Island in the Sulu Sea , on January 17 . Initial efforts to free the Avenger-class mine countermeasures ship at high tide were unsuccessful . Its crew of 79 was evacuated to other vessels , and the ship was battered by waves that pushed it farther onto the reef . Carney said the Guardian now rests about 20 to 30 meters  22 to 33 yards  from the edge of the reef . Originally , only its bow was on the reef , but waves have now pushed the entire ship onto it . Lt. Cmdr. James Stockman , a Navy spokesman in Manila , said Friday that the heavy-lift vessels would arrive at the grounding site in about a week . The guided missile destroyer USS Mustin , the oceanographic survey ship USNS Bowditch and the rescue and salvage ship USNS Salvor , as well as tugboats and Philippine navy and coast guard vessels , are on station , he said in an e-mail to CNN . "  Extracting the ship safely , while minimizing further damage to the reef , is a very complex process that requires careful and detailed planning and specialized equipment , " Stockman said . "  Although we are moving as expeditiously as possible , we want to ensure it is done safely while minimizing damage to the reef and surrounding environment . " It could take two weeks to remove the Guardian from the reef , Carney said . "  We are committed to moving the ship from the reef as soon as possible . ... That is the focus of all our efforts , " he said . The Navy said Friday that the ships on station have removed about 15,000 gallons of diesel fuel from the Guardian . Carney said there have been no signs of oil or fuel leaking into the waters above the reef , which is a Philippine national park and UNESCO World Heritage Site . The reef is home to a vast array of sea , air and land creatures , as well as sizable lagoons and two coral islands . About 500 species of fish and 350 species of coral can be found there , as can whales , dolphins , sharks , turtles and one of the last surviving colonies of breeding seabirds in the region , according to UNESCO . Philippine officials said this week that the Philippines would seek compensation for damage to the reef . About 1,000 square meters  about 10,760 square feet  of the reef have been damaged . "  It 's a damage to a world heritage site . It 's a damage to our natural resources . It 's a damage to an important site . We can not but put emphasis on the importance of this reef as a heritage site , " presidential spokesman Edwin Lacierda said . He said the salvage operation must ensure that the reef sustains no further damage . As to how the ship got stuck on the reef in the first place , Stockman said the Navy is looking at a number of factors . He said the U.S. National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency , which prepares the digital navigation charts used by the Navy , has reported the location of the reef was misplaced on a chart by nine miles . "  The U.S. Navy investigation will review what charts Guardian was using . While this erroneous navigation chart data is important information , no one should jump to conclusions , " Stockman said . "  It is critical that the U.S. Navy conduct a comprehensive investigation that assesses all the facts and circumstances surrounding the Guardian grounding . "	The USS Guardian has several holes in its hull , admiral says The 1,300-ton minesweeper will have to be lifted onto a barge The ship damaged more than 10,000 square feet of the Tubbataha Reef The reef is a UNESCO World Heritage Site
CNN  -- Today we are issuing a cease and desist to all you gurus , ninjas and evangelists out there . And we do n't mean the real ones . As you fire up your laptops and fuse your various essential electronic devices to your very flesh so as to never miss a fiber of the www , you will be forced to define yourself ; to look within your black soul and come up with a paltry handful of words that converge to denote "  you . " Well , at this juncture , we humbly request that those words not be "  rock star . " In recent years , we have noticed an outright epidemic of cliched , narcissistic and , let 's be honest , straight-up embarrassing self-monikerization . In short : A ton of people have started calling themselves "  visionaries " on their websites , LinkedIn profiles , Twitter profiles , etc. -- and it 's more than a little annoying . Nina Beckhardt , president and creative director of The Naming Group , blames this pompous proliferation on the fact that our identities are now more public than ever . "  Given that one 's actual name  e.g. , Joe Smith  does n't communicate semantic meaning , that 's what these types of titles are all about -- working to control that first impression , " she says . Well , no one wants their first impression to be "  tool . " So ... some advice : Do n't be a cliche Does your title -- "  Executive Engineer of Cross-Functional Branding , " or whatever -- seem a little boring ? Well , slapping "  ninja " in front of it may seem like a quick fix -- if it were n't for the fact that there are tons of other people out there who had the same genius idea as you . Last year , LinkedIn tabulated how many ninjas were sneaking around the job-finding site and found it to be an extremely trendy title . To quote "  Fight Club " -- which is also cliched , sorry -- "  You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake , " you Java Script Ninja , you . You are merely one of huddled masses of gray-suited commuters suffering from Kurosawa-induced delusions of grandeur . If you do , in fact , feel impelled to flesh out your title with something descriptive , at least mull it over for a moment and come up with something original , like "  Martini Whisperer , " of which there is only one on LinkedIn . Do n't be confusing Still , there is a downside to getting all Kandinsky with your title , like the Whisperer up there . We 're guessing that the person in question is a bartender of some sort -- a fact that 's not wholly explicit given the title of choice . Frankly , we just picture some sloshed dude conversing , sadly , with his olives . According to Krista Canfield , spokeswoman for LinkedIn , calling yourself a rock star or something of that nature online could have a downside when it comes to reaching potential employers . "  You always want to make sure that you 're referencing words and phrases that people actually search for in order to make sure your profile appears in those results , " she says . Let 's say a potential employer is getting some internet assistance in hiring a photographer . Well , what do you think said potential employer is going to enter into the Monster.com search field ? If you guessed , "  visual media rock star , " well , then you would be wrong . "  When you 're crafting your profile , think of the words and phrases you want to be associated with , " Canfield says . Speaking of real rock stars , here 's a relevant example of exacting nomenclature from the indie music world . This week , the band Yeasayer sent out an e-mail declaring that it had finally secured the Twitter handle @Yeasayer . Before , the band 's handle had been @OddBlood , which was the title of its last album . According to the band manager , Jason Foster , another user had been sitting on the @Yeasayer handle for a while , and the band finally managed to wrest it out of that person 's  we hope not cold , dead  hands . "  We did jump up like a thousand fans in one day , " Foster says of the switch . Why ? Because the band is now more accurately representing itself -- it 's easier to find . So , yeah , unless you 're toting a guitar case and cramming yourself into a sweaty tour bus every other month , we suggest leaving the term "  rock star " out of your job title -- and even then , the whole "  star " classification seems a little self-aggrandizing . Which leads us to our next point ... Do n't be pompous If you 're calling yourself a "  universe shifter , " it pretty much signals to said cosmos that you are not , in fact , anything of the kind . As Beckhardt says , "  Certain titles , like ` Evangelist ' and ` Visionary ' are just taking it a little too far . If you truly are a visionary , it will most likely show through in other ways . If Ghandi had a LinkedIn profile , I doubt he 'd call himself ` Pre-eminent Ideological Leader . ' " So when setting out to "  find yourself " in the sucking quagmire that is the Web , we suggest getting more creative with the manner in which you define yourself . Nix the slovenly shorthand and do the whole "  show , do n't tell " thing they teach you about in high school creative writing classes : Craft a homepage that shows your personality and demonstrates your skills  services like About.Me and Flavors.me make that idiot-proof  , for example . Unless , you know , you are a ninja . In which case , carry on .	A ton of people have started calling themselves "  visionaries " on their websites LinkedIn has documented the rise of people calling themselves "  ninjas " on the networking site Do n't do that ; instead , get creative and try a "  show , do n't tell " approach Craft a homepage that shows your personality and demonstrates your skills
CNN  -- American Airlines has found cracks in large pylons that hold engines onto the wings of two of its 767-300 aircraft , according to the airline and to the planes ' manufacturer . Concerned the problem may exist on other airline fleets , Boeing says it plans to advise airlines to inspect the parts more frequently than the current recommendation of every 1,500 takeoff and landing cycles . "  This is considered a safety issue . You 're talking about the strut that connects an engine to the wing , " said Boeing spokesperson Peter Conte . American Airlines spokesman Tim Wagner said the problem was first discovered on one of its 767-300s about two weeks ago during a maintenance check targeting other parts of the aircraft . The airline then found cracking on one more 767-300 after inspecting a total of 56 aircraft -- 767-300 and 767-200s -- a process American Airlines completed Monday night . "  We found these issues when it 's best to find them , which is early on , " said Wagner . The airline has sent the first damaged pylon to a metallurgy lab to try to determine why it cracked . "  Until that metallurgy testing is completed no one knows what the cause is , " said Wagner . The damaged planes were among American 's older aircraft , Wagner added . American flies Boeing 767-300s on international routes as well as long-haul domestic routes . The 767-200s fly primarily transcontinental routes . Airlines have previously found similar cracks at the holes where the pylon attaches to the wing , which led Boeing and the Federal Aviation Administration five years ago to recommend checks every 1,500 cycles . At that time , when the FAA issued an airworthiness directive it said , "  We are issuing this  directive  to prevent fatigue cracking in the primary strut structure and reduced structural integrity of the strut , which could result in separation of the strut and engine . "	American Airlines found cracks on two 767-300 aircraft Boeing plans to advise airlines to inspect the parts more frequently Cause is still unknown , testing is underway
CNN  -- Now it 's about family . A new heartbreaker television ad from the Democratic candidate looking to wrest Mitch McConnell from his perch atop the Republican Party in the Senate makes Medicare a gut issue . The ad describes the struggle of Alison Lundergan Grimes ' grandmother after her husband 's stroke . "  My husband was a strong person , but the stroke just took everything away , " says Grimes ' grandmother , Elise Case , in the ad . "  I remember that day , when my mom called . The world stopped , " said Grimes . Grimes ' new ad costs six figures , is 60 seconds long and airs statewide in Kentucky Thursday , days after a six-figure ad broadcast by McConnell , the Senate Minority Leader . That ad pinged Grimes for supporting Obamacare . "  Grimes twice supported Obama 's platform for Obamacare , " says the narrator in McConnell 's latest , which is a response to Grimes ' earlier skeet-shooting attack . Grimes has in the past criticized McConnell 's votes to defund the Affordable Care Act . Focusing on Medicare pulls at different heartstrings , however , and can cause a limited group of voters to abandon normal political alliances , a tactic especially helpful in the tight race between Grimes and McConnell . "  My grandfather was a proud man , " says Grimes in her latest ad , entitled , "  A Proud Man , " which is interspersed with old photographs of her grandfather and grandmother . He "  did n't want to ask for help , but they needed it , " she says . For 10 years the Case family struggled to afford medicine when Grimes ' grandfather was left unable to work or speak after the stroke . "  We scrimped and saved , because suddenly our finances were going for medical bills , " said Case . Grimes has attacked McConnell on Medicare before , bashing a McConnell vote on Medicare that she said cost a coal miner a $ 6,000 increase in medical bills . And she has featured her family in at least one political ad while running for secretary of state in 2011 . That ad , which featured both of Grimes ' grandmothers , was widely credited for her 61 % victory in that race . Grimes ' father , Jerry Lundergan , is a political bigwig in Kentucky ; a former Kentucky Democratic Party chairman with close ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton . In her current political ad with family , Grimes said , "  Sen. McConnell has voted over and over again to raise seniors Medicare costs . I 'll never do that , " then she hugged her grandmother and approved the message . McConnell hits back against Grimes ' skeet-shooting ad	Alison Grimes ' ad features family to attack Mitch McConnell on Medicare Grimes ' grandmother talks about her husband 's stroke in the ad Her family was also featured in an ad during Grimes ' 2011 campaign
CNN  -- A Florida town has banned people -- let 's face it , young people -- from wearing saggy pants . A councilwoman for Ocala pushed for passage of the law , but the town 's Mayor Kent Guinn may ultimately veto the fashion police . If the law goes into effect , it 's unclear what measuring tools the Ocala Police Department would use to determine whether citizens ' pants are within the 2-inch legal limit of a theoretical waistline . It 's even more unclear how they will determine where the waistline actually lies on an individual . More likely than not , the Ocala PD will use the time-honored legal standard of "  I know it when I see it " to eyeball the location of waistlines relative to pants lines . The not-too-subtle message is : Pull up your pants , because "  2 inches " really just means "  too annoying . " Why do I suggest it singles out young people ? I 'm not ascribing any evil motive to law enforcement . Rather , as a society , we wo n't expect the police to ticket a plumber crouched over at work , accidentally revealing his tighty-whiteys . We 'll expect them to target teens who show underwear as a fashion statement . So , the underlying legal question arises : Can the government even outlaw saggy pants in the first place ? It 's true that the First Amendment prohibits the government from interfering with our speech -- which is the right to receive and disseminate ideas and information . It 's also true that speech need not be spoken or written . The First Amendment also protects "  expressive conduct . " The problem is that expressive conduct is hard to identify . Clothing can certainly be expressive . In 1971 , the Supreme Court overturned one man 's conviction for wearing a jacket that said "  F**k the Draft " -- but that 's not really expressive conduct , because the written words constituted speech . Expressive conduct conveys an idea without words . Wearing a black armband to school to protest a war is an example of expressive conduct , and the Supreme Court has said doing so is protected speech . Indeed , even offensive clothing , like Nazi uniforms , has been deemed expressive conduct , and the reviled Klansman robe has garnered First Amendment protections . Clothing can be communicative , but courts require an identifiable , specific message to apply First Amendment protection . Saggy pants proponents would have to show that  1  displaying your underwear conveys an identifiable message  2  that the rest of us on the street can understand as an identifiable message . Well , does n't having one 's pants on the ground convey ideas about comfort , personal style , and individuality ? Certainly , but those are not specific enough "  messages " for the courts . When you think about it , all clothing conveys those ideas . In the '80s , many of us were conveying strong ideas about acid wash jeans and shoulder pads , and in the '90s , our collective message was apparently flannel and work boots . But that 's just style -- or lack thereof -- and it 's not enough of a message to be protected speech . During the 2013 trial of George Zimmerman , many took to wearing hooded sweatshirts to show support for Trayvon Martin , who was killed by Zimmerman while wearing a hoodie . Wearing hoodies satisfies the first prong of having a particularized message , but probably fails the second . Hoodies are so popular that a court might conclude the message of solidarity is indistinguishable on the street from , say , someone wearing a hoodie to the gym . In that sense , hoodies would fail the second test , because they are not understood as speech by others . The results feel confusing : A court would likely conclude that the clothing of a Klansman or a neo-Nazi conveys a particularized message -- an unpopular , divisive , angry message . That would entitle it to constitutional protection . But saggy pants ? The message is too amorphous , so it can not be protected speech . And if it 's not protected speech , the First Amendment will not prevent towns from outlawing those droopy drawers . Few of us like looking at people 's skivvies when their jeans hang off them on the subway , but how offensive is it , really ? Our culture 's mores about clothing are fundamentally illogical . We attempt to outlaw this display of the top half of someone 's boxers , but have no laws for that old guy at the pool -- usually the same guy glistening with suntan oil -- who prances around in nothing but a Speedo all summer . What 's with that guy , anyway ? The point is that culturally , we accept nearly complete nudity in one context , but try to regulate mostly clothed conduct in another . There really is no logic to our ideas about clothing . That helps to explain horrible fashion choices from decade to decade , but does little to logically justify clothing regulations . As much as we feel free to express ourselves with apparel , we likely have less freedom of expression than we imagined . And at least in one town in Florida , no matter how trendy your gear may be , it looks like it 's time to pull up the pants .	Danny Cevallos : Florida town passed legislation to ban sagging pants He says this is one fashion statement that courts wo n't say should be protected Cevallos : Constitution protects clothing with a specific message that will be widely understood He says saggy pants do n't represent a political statement
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama begins a key European trip Monday during a pivotal moment of his presidency . He will use a series of key meetings this week to re-assert U.S. global leadership at a time when the United States , and the wider West , has appeared to be on the back foot following Russia 's incursion into Ukraine and subsequent annexation of Crimea . The immediate focal point will be an emergency meeting of the G7 which will take place at The Nuclear Security Summit  NSS  Monday and Tuesday in The Hague . The G7 session will convene on the margins of the NSS to discuss next steps for tackling the crisis in Ukraine , including deterring the prospect of Russian military moves into eastern and southern Ukraine . The agenda here is at least two-fold : bolstering the new leadership in Kiev , and threatening further economic punishment of Moscow . On the former , Ukraine signed last Friday an agreement on closer economic and political cooperation with the EU . Moreover , Washington has confirmed that it is providing Kiev with "  non-lethal assistance " that could include intelligence and satellite imagery , and/or key equipment such as night-vision goggles . Coordinated new waves of sanctions against Russia will also be discussed . The United States and the 28 member EU have already imposed travel bans and selective asset freezes against key Russian and Crimea officials , and a bank deemed to have close ties with the Kremlin . It is recognized , however , that further escalation may be needed , and Obama will seek to find consensus on this given the differing bilateral interests with Russia of the G7 countries . Potential measures include widening the punitive measures against targeted Russian and Crimean officials and institutions ; an arms embargo ; Moscow 's expulsion from the G8 ; and wider , more politically sensitive economic sanctions . The scene was set for the latter last Thursday when Obama signed an executive order expanding the U.S. government 's authority to take financial and trade measures with the European Union against key Russian industries . In the face of some strident recent domestic U.S. criticism of his foreign policy , Obama will also have platforms to showcase presidential leadership at both the EU-U.S. summit on Wednesday , and the NSS where he will meet with more than 50 national leaders including Chinese President Xi . Nuclear terrorism The NSS , which will focus on measures to enhance security of nuclear material stockpiles and facilities across the world , is the brainchild of Obama who believes that nuclear terrorism represents "  the most immediate and extreme threat to global security . " The downturn in relations between Russia and the West is unfortunate here given that Moscow is a pre-eminent player in attempts to counter the nuclear terrorism threat . Indeed , this issue first came prominently onto the international radar screen following the collapse of the Soviet Union when major concerns were raised about safeguarding its nuclear weaponry . More recently , the urgency of tackling this agenda was given impetus by the September 2001 attacks . This was widely interpreted as a "  wake-up call " about the possibility that a terrorist group could detonate a small nuclear weapon , or a radiological dispersal device  a so-called "  dirty bomb "  . While the conventional wisdom is that the probability of a major nuclear terrorism event is very low , the consequences would be so dramatic that it remains a major pre-occupation of the international community . Given the difficulties of terrorist groups obtaining weapons grade material , perhaps the bigger danger is a dirty bomb attack . Here , conventional explosives would be used to spread radiation from a radioactive source . Such radioactive sources are relatively widely available , including at hospitals . Only last December , law enforcement authorities in Mexico discovered a vehicle believed to have been stolen by thieves which contained radioactive medical materials that could have been used to power a dirty bomb . Nuclear Security Summit goals Amongst the ambitious goals for the NSS include : ratification of the amended Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material by more countries to ensure that the amendment enters into force as soon as possible ; more frequent reviews of state security structures by the International Atomic Energy Authority ; national registration and protection of highly radioactive sources  e.g. medical equipment  ; and a greater role for industry in nuclear security to enhance the security culture and existing regulations . Following up on the summit , a significant body of further work will be needed to achieve Obama 's stated ambition to "  secure all vulnerable nuclear material around the world " during his presidency . The next NSS will be in Washington DC in 2016 and will coincide with his last year in the White House . Given recent criticism of his foreign policy , and conscious of his place in history , Obama sees enhancing global nuclear security as a key part of his presidential legacy , especially following the agreement he signed with Moscow on the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty  NEW START  which will see both countries reduce their deployed nuclear arsenals . Building upon this success , he will now seek to secure the strongest possible outcomes from the NSS process , and also push hard for a comprehensive nuclear deal to be reached with Iran to follow-up on last year 's breakthrough preliminary agreement . Read more : Obama 's Europe trip shifts focus to Ukraine Read more : How West can respond to Russia 's aggression Read more : Sanctions target key aides from Putin 's inner circle The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Hammond .	Barack Obama has arrived in Europe for The Nuclear Security Summit at the Hague An emergency G7 summit on the Ukraine crisis will be held on the sidelines of the nuclear summit Andrew Hammond says Obama will seek to find consensus on new sanctions against Russia Obama sees enhancing global nuclear security as a key part of his legacy , Hammond says
London  CNN  -- The British Prime Minister 's former media chief listened to a hacked voice mail message left by actress Sienna Miller for actor Daniel Craig , when he was editor of the now defunct News of the World tabloid , a former reporter told a London court . Andy Coulson , editor of the Rupert Murdoch mass-selling tabloid paper until 2007 and then Prime Minister David Cameron 's head of communications until 2011 , heard the voice mail left for the James Bond actor , Dan Evans , a former News of the World journalist told London 's Old Bailey Court on Tuesday . The revelation came at the trial of former News of the World editors Coulson and Rebekah Brooks and the paper 's former managing editor , Stuart Kuttner . All are accused of conspiring between October 2000 and August 2006 "  to intercept communications in the course of their transmission , without lawful authority . " They deny the charges . Voice mail message Dressed in a blue suit and red tie , Evans took the stand as a prosecution witness after pleading guilty to hacking phones . He described how he hacked Craig 's voice mail and heard a female voice saying : "  Hi , it 's me , I ca n't speak , I 'm at the Groucho  club  with Jude . I love you . " Evans told the court he looked up the number and found that it was Miller 's . He then said he played it for Coulson and several other senior figures at the paper . "  Later in the day , Andy came over , he wanted to hear the tape , " Evans said . "  Andy told me to make a copy of the tape , put it in a jiffy bag ; take it down the the front gate and say it 's been dropped anonymously , " Evans said . He added that another senior figure at the paper , upon hearing the message , told Evans : "  You 're a company man now . " Phone hacking furor When asked by the prosecution if he had ever had any other direct communication with Coulson concerning phone hacking , Evans said : "  Not that I can think of , no . " He then listed Coulson among figures at the newspaper who he said definitely knew he was hacking into phones . Evans also admitted to recreational drug use , and to being arrested . He said he was now clean . On Monday , Miller 's former partner , actor Jude Law , attended the trial . The court also then heard that Evans had already admitted to conspiring to hack phones at the Sunday Mirror paper between February 2003 and January 2005 , and the same offense at the News of the World up to 2010 , according to Britain 's Press Association news agency . He also pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit misconduct in public office , it said . Coulson became Cameron 's top communications adviser after leaving News of the World in an earlier round of the hacking scandal . He has denied knowledge of phone hacking . At the height of the phone hacking furor in July 2011 , which resulted in the closure of the News of The World , Cameron said he would make a profound apology if it turned out that Coulson had lied about his knowledge of phone hacking . The hacking allegations prompted Cameron to set up an independent inquiry , led by Lord Justice Leveson , to make recommendations on journalistic ethics and examine the relationship of the media with the public , police and politicians .	Court hears former reporter describe hacking Daniel Craig 's phone Reporter says message was from actress Sienna Miller Message played to editor Andy Coulson , who later became PM media chief , court hears Evidence is revealed in phone hacking trial of former News of the World editors
CNN  -- Operating from its corporate headquarters in New York City 's Rockefeller Center , Sirius Satellite Radio broadcasts over 130 digital-quality channels , including 69 channels of commercial-free music , plus exclusive channels of sports , news , talk , entertainment , traffic , weather and data to more than 7.1 million subscribers . Sirius ' high-profile lineup of program hosts and providers includes Howard Stern , CNBC , CNN , Martha Stewart , BBC World Service , E! Entertainment , Maxim , NPR and Radio Disney . Mel Karmazin has been the Chief Executive Officer of Sirius Satellite Radio since November 2004 , overseeing all aspects of the company 's operations . He strongly supported shock radio talk-show host Howard Stern , recruited Martha Stewart , acquired the programming rights to NASCAR , and raised $ 500,000,000 in debt financing in 2005 . Most recently , Karmazin is slated to become CEO of the merger between Sirius and XM Satellite Radio when the two become one company pending federal approval . E-mail to a friend	Sirius radio personalities include Howard Stern , Martha Stewart , Jamie Foxx Mel Karmazin 's Sirius Satellite Radio competes with XM Satellite Radio They faced off at antitrust hearing "  Competition and the Future of Digital Music "
CNN  -- Gov. Sarah Palin on Wednesday said Sen. Barack Obama has ties to a Columbia University professor who she said is "  a former spokesperson for the Palestinian Liberation Organization . " The Obama campaign said on its Web site that "  ugly insinuations about Barack Obama 's relationship with a former neighbor and university colleague ... are completely false . " The professor has denied he was a spokesman for the Palestine Liberation Organization . Palin said her assertion "  is not negative campaigning to call someone out on their record . " "  It seems that there is yet another radical professor from the neighborhood who spent a lot of time with Barack Obama going back several years , " Palin said at an event in Bowling Green , Ohio . "  This is important because his associate , Rashid Khalidi ... in addition to being a political ally of Barack Obama , he 's a former spokesperson for the Palestinian Liberation Organization . " Watch Palin say the LA Times is ` kowtowing ' to Obama " Sen. John McCain 's campaign repeatedly has sought to tie Obama to former 1960s radical William Ayers , who co-founded the Weather Underground . Ayers is a professor at the University of Illinois . Khalidi has been a harsh critic of U.S. foreign policy toward Israel and has accused the country of "  occupying " Palestinian territories . But he has denied acting as a PLO spokesman during a seven-year period in the 1970s and 1980s . Khalidi said Wednesday , "  I am not speaking to the media at this time , and certainly not until this idiot wind passes . " The Obama campaign called Palin 's remarks "  another recycled , manufactured controversy from the McCain campaign to distract voters ' attention from John McCain 's lockstep support for George Bush 's economic policies . " In April , the Los Angeles Times published an article about a going-away dinner for Khalidi that Obama attended in Chicago , Illinois , in 2003 . Khalidi was leaving to become a professor at Columbia . Watch McCain push Obama 's link to Khalidi " The paper reported that a young Palestinian-American woman recited a poem at the farewell party that accused the Israeli government of terrorism for its treatment of Palestinians and was highly critical of U.S. support of Israel . The McCain campaign accused the Los Angeles paper of "  intentionally suppressing " a videotape it obtained from that dinner and demanded that it release the footage . The Times said it wo n't release the footage because a reporter promised a source that the video would not be made public . Asked why the McCain campaign was bringing the matter up six months after the article appeared , an aide replied , "  Because we are one week away from potentially electing Barack Obama . " At an event Wednesday in Raleigh , North Carolina , Obama said McCain has spent the last few days calling him "  every name in the book . " "  I do n't know what 's next . By the end of the week , he 'll be accusing me of being a secret communist because I shared my toys in kindergarten . I shared my peanut butter and jelly sandwich , " Obama said . Watch Obama scoff at ` socialist ' label " Earlier Wednesday , Palin delivered her second policy address of the campaign season . Palin said she and McCain are determined to put the country on "  a path toward energy independence " and charged that an Obama administration would hinder that process . Palin pointed to her experience as governor as evidence she can help the U.S. achieve energy security . "  Whatever the good ol' boys are running these days , I know it 's not the state of Alaska , " she said in Toledo , Ohio . Palin said that by relying on oil from the Middle East , "  we not only provide wealth to the sponsors of terror , but we provide high-value targets to the terrorists themselves . " The Alaska governor stressed expanding drilling , using nuclear power and tapping into the "  American ingenuity " to solve the energy problem . "  Energy security is one of the great questions in this election , " Palin said . "  Sometimes I think it 's no wonder that our opponents do n't want to talk a whole lot about this , because they do n't get it . " Achieving energy security , Palin said , requires a "  clean break " from the policies of the Bush administration and from "  30 years ' worth of failed energy policies in Washington . " Palin described the energy plans of Obama and Sen. Joe Biden as a "  long , labored agenda of inaction . " The Obama campaign sent out a response from Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland , which said , "  Palin attacked her own running mate 's record today by blaming our oil addiction on '30 years of failure ' in Washington . " Later Wednesday , McCain was scheduled to appear on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " at 9 p.m. ET . Watch McCain say Obama is at the ` far left ' of American politics " That interview comes after a 30-minute Obama campaign ad , which airs during prime-time television Wednesday . It 's the first time in 16 years that a presidential candidate has bought a slot in prime time to make his closing argument . The half-hour ad was set to run on NBC , CBS , Fox and Univision at 8 p.m. ET . The spot , which is estimated to have cost about $ 5 million , includes a live segment from Florida , with voters discussing their problems and Obama laying out his plans for the country . CNN declined the Obama campaign 's request to air the ad . CNN said it did not want to pre-empt its programming lineup with a 30-minute paid commercial program . Obama 's closing effort also includes an appearance on Comedy Central 's "  The Daily Show " and a late-night rally in Kissimmee , Florida , with former President Clinton . Republicans have been poking fun at Obama 's prime-time blitz . The McCain campaign released an ad Wednesday morning that says , "  Behind the fancy speeches , the grand promises , the TV specials lies the truth ... Barack Obama lacks the experience America needs , and it shows . " The poll of polls consists of eight surveys : ARG  October 25-27  , IPSOS-McClatchy  October 23-27  , Pew  October 23-26  , ABC/Washington Post  October 24-27  , Reuters/C-SPAN/Zogby  October 26-28  , Gallup  October 26-28  , Diageo/Hotline  October 26-28  , and IBD/TIPP  October 24-28  . There is no sampling error . CNN 's Dana Bash and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	NEW : Gov. Sarah Palin says Sen. Barack Obama has ties to ex - "  PLO spokesman " NEW : Obama says John McCain calling him "  every name in the book " Ex-President Clinton joining Obama for late-night Florida rally New McCain ad makes fun of Obama 's prime-time TV spot
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's response to a scathing United Nations report alleging war crimes and human rights violations has reached the president 's desk . President Mahinda Rajapaksa received the 400-page document on Sunday night . The response , compiled by the Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission , will be presented to Parliament , though Rajapaksa did not say when . At their president 's urging , Sri Lankans took to the streets in May to rail against the U.N. report , which cites "  credible allegations " that crimes were committed by both sides during the final stages of the country 's civil war . A three-member U.N. panel recommended that Sri Lanka immediately conduct an investigation into the alleged violations of international law . Human rights groups have already alleged both government troops and Tamil Tiger rebels violated humanitarian laws and that thousands of civilians were killed during the war , which ended in May 2009 after the government declared victory . The rebels had fought a 26-year bloody separatist war that left thousands dead and large numbers of others internally displaced , according to the United Nations . The U.N. report concluded there were "  credible allegations , which , if proven , indicate that a wide range of serious violations of international humanitarian law and international humanitarian rights law was committed both by the government of Sri Lanka and the LTTE  rebels  , some of which would amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity . " In the war 's final stage , which lasted from September 2008 to May 2009 , the Sri Lankan army advanced into an area of northern Sri Lanka known as the Vanni , where about 330,000 people were trapped by fighting . The report said the government used "  large-scale and widespread shelling " that left many civilians dead . Some of the shelling happened in no-fire zones where the government had encouraged civilians to congregate , the report said . Government forces also shelled a U.N. hub and food distribution lines and fired near International Committee of the Red Cross ships that were picking up the wounded , the report said . The government also shelled hospitals on the front lines , some of them repeatedly , the report said . "  Most civilian casualties in the final phases of the war were caused by government shelling , " the report said . A spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Ban hopes the U.N. report "  will make a contribution to full accountability and justice so that the Sri Lankan government and people will be able to proceed towards national reconciliation and peace . "	Sri Lanka produces a 400-page response to U.N. allegations that it committed war crimes The U.N. report says the government used "  widespread shelling " that killed many civilians Sri Lanka 's response will be presented to Parliament , though the president did not say when The country 's civil war ended in May 2009 after the government declared victory
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan government forces fired a missile at an Italian warship in the Mediterranean Sea on Wednesday in a rare attack on the NATO fleet offshore , a government spokesman said . The frigate Bersagliere was about 19 kilometers  12 miles  off the Libyan city of Zlitan when the missile fell harmlessly into the sea about 2 km away , the Italian defense ministry and NATO reported . "  The ship was not harmed and continued on its mission , " NATO said in a statement . "  NATO ships go in harm 's way to seek those military targets which continue to threaten the people of Libya . " In Tripoli , government spokesman Musa Ibrahim told reporters that the missile had been launched by troops that remain loyal to longtime Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . "  We have amazing capabilities that we have not felt that we need to use , " Ibrahim said . "  Our army is still very strong . We have n't used our real military power . " He discounted allied claims that pro-Gadhafi forces had been reduced to 20 % of their capabilities , adding , "  For God 's sake , if we are down here to 20 % , what am I doing here ? " Gadhafi 's forces have been battling a nearly six-month-long revolt that has split Libya roughly in half . NATO planes and warships joined the fight in March , pounding government troops under a U.N. mandate to protect civilians from reprisals by Gadhafi loyalists . Though most of the allied campaign has been conducted from the air , NATO warships reported fighting at least two brief sea engagements with pro-Gadhafi forces off the port city of Misrata in May . CNN 's Ivan Watson in Tripoli and Livia Borghese in Rome contributed to this report .	The missile fell into the sea about 2 kilometers from the frigate Bersagliere "  We have n't used our real military power , " a Gadhafi spokesman says He discounts claims that pro-Gadhafi forces are down to 20 % of their capabilities
Williamsburg , Iowa  CNN  -- Florida Republican Senator and possible presidential hopeful Marco Rubio told CNN he believes that the nurse who was quarantined in New Jersey is a "  hero . " In an interview in Williamsburg , Iowa , Rubio said Kaci Hickox is "  someone that went abroad and was willing to literally put her life on the line in the service of her fellow man . " Hickox is in a public spat with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie over her 65-hour mandatory quarantine after returning from West Africa , which she argues was unnecessary . There is a dispute between state officials and Hickox about whether she was showing symptoms that required quarantine . Rubio , a potential rival of Christie 's for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 , was careful not to criticize the New Jersey Governor 's actions , saying he does not know all the details . "  I can only say that at the end of the day if in fact she was showing symptoms , I know there was some dispute about whether or not those symptoms were real , but the fact that she was showing symptoms there is a public health need to address that and protect the general population , " Rubio said . Several leading Republicans and GOP candidates have also called for a travel ban from West Africa to fight the spread of Ebola to the United States . Rubio said he does n't think that would be effective , and instead will introduce legislation when the Senate returns to work next month to stop new visas from being issued for people traveling from countries where the Ebola epidemic is severe . Christie on possible Ebola lawsuit : ` Whatever ' "  We should not be issuing new visas to citizens of those counties until such time as Ebola in those nations have been brought under control , " Rubio said . Still , Rubio is taking a more cautious approach than other politicians when it comes to balancing public fear and scientific reality of the disease . "  I think its important to be aware about it and act urgently to address it , I do n't think we should panic about it , I do n't think we can solve any problem through panic , " Rubio said . "  We 're honored by the fact that so many Americans are willing to travel there and help assist in this effort because the most effective way to deal with Ebola is to stop it at its source there in west Africa , " he said . Rubio spent the day campaigning with Senate GOP hopeful Joni Ernst , who is in a neck and neck race with Democrat Bruce Braley . Republicans are counting on picking up this vacant Democratic seat to help take control of the Senate in next Tuesday 's election .	Sen. Marco Rubio praised the nurse who was quarantined in New Jersey for 65 hours As oppose to a travel ban , Rubio says he supports stopping visas to Ebola hot zones Rubio was campaigning in Iowa for GOP Senate hopeful Joni Ernst
CNN  -- With plastic bottles melting on court and players vomiting during matches , the heat is on in at the Australian Open , though organizers have cut the women some slack . As temperatures soared , China 's Peng Shuai blamed the conditions after she cramped up and was sick during her defeat to Kurumi Nara of Japan . At one point temperatures at Melbourne Park rose to 42.2 Celsius  108 Fahrenheit  , with world No. 2 Victoria Azarenka describing playing on the Rod Laver Arena court as like "  dancing in a frying pan . " It got so hot , organizers introduced the tournament 's "  extreme heat " contingency plan which allows for an extended break between the second and third set for the women . The decision on whether or not to suspend play lies with tournament director Wayne McKewen , who uses a scale which factors in temperature , humidity and wind . "  We have to reach a minimum threshold and have a forecast that it will be sustained for a reasonable time , " McKewen said in a statement . "  That did n't happen . While conditions were hot and uncomfortable , the relatively low level of humidity ensured play would continue . " Despite searing heat , double defending champion Azarenka kept her cool , surviving a tough first set before going on to beat Swedish world No. 91 Johnanna Larsson 7-6  7-2  6-2 . The Belorussian would have liked organizers to close the roof on Melbourne Park 's showpiece court to protect the players , with the blazing sun making conditions hot under foot . "  When I went out on the court I was just curious what the temperature was , " the 24-year-old , who will play Barbora Zahlavova Strycova in the second round , told reporters . "  Because even though it was windy , the wind was hot . You normally expect some freshness ... but it just did n't come , from anywhere . " Also playing in marginally favorable conditions earlier in the day , former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki made light work of Lourdes Dominguez Lino . Tenth seed Wozniacki , who recently announced her engagement to golfer Rory McIlroy , needed just 67 minutes to wrap up a 6-0 6-2 win over the Spaniard , although the searing heat did take its toll on her drinks bottle . "  The first set I thought I managed to keep my head cool , " said the Dane , who advanced to a meeting with American Christina McHale . "  Every time in the changeovers , ice bags , ice towels , everything ; and then in the second set I could feel they were starting to heat up even more . "  I put the bottle down on the court and it started melting a little bit underneath , the plastic , so you knew it was warm . "  But it was warm for both of us , and it was great that I managed to finish it off in two sets and it was n't too long . " Maria Sharapova took to the court for the final match of day two , the third seed 's 6-3 6-4 victory over American Bethanie Mattek-Sands secured in cooler temperatures once the sun had set . But fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska was made to sweat for her place in the second round . The Pole , a quarterfinalist at Melbourne Park in each of the last three years , cruised through the first set before overcoming a fight back from Kazakhstan 's Yulia Putintseva to win 6-0 5-7 6-2 . There were no such problems for world No. 8 Jelena Jankovic , with the Serb cruising to a 6-1 6-2 victory against Japan 's Misaki Doi .	Temperatures rise to 107.96 degrees Fahrenheit at the Australian Open Defending champions Victoria Azarenka says playing on court is like "  dancing in a frying pan " Caroline Wozniacki claims her drinks bottle melted while she was playing China 's Peng Shuai suffered cramps and vomited during her match
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The GOP congressman from South Carolina who shouted out during President Obama 's health care address to Congress insisted Thursday that his outburst was "  spontaneous . " Rep. Joe Wilson shouts , "  You lie ! " after President Obama denies the health plan would cover illegal immigrants . Rep. Joe Wilson shocked many observers Wednesday night when he shouted , "  You lie ! " after the president denied that health care legislation would provide free coverage for illegal immigrants . Some people using Twitter suggested that Wilson 's retort was planned and pointed to a comment the lawmaker posted on Labor Day : "  Happy Labor Day ! Wonderful parade at Chapin , many people called out to oppose Obamacare which I assured them would be relayed tomorrow to DC , " the tweet from Wilson 's account said . However , on the way to his office Thursday morning , Wilson said his outburst was n't planned . "  It was spontaneous . It was when he stated , as he did , about not covering illegal aliens , when I knew we had those two amendments , and I say that respectfully , " Wilson said . He was referring to two amendments on one version of proposed health care legislation , which he said would have provided for verification of citizenship . Both of the amendments were defeated , he said . Fact check : Will plan cover illegal immigrants ? Wilson also cited a report by the Congressional Research Service that he said showed the health care proposals would include illegal aliens . "  And I think that is wrong , " he said . "  We need to be discussing issues specifically to help the American people . And that would not include illegal aliens . These are people -- I 'm for immigration -- legal immigration . I 've been an immigration attorney . But people who have come to our country and violated laws , we should not be providing full health care services , " he said . A CNN review of the Congressional Research Service report found that the health care legislation does address illegal immigrants . It says that noncitizens who can be considered "  resident aliens " under tax law , which does n't distinguish between legal and illegal immigrants , would be required to buy health insurance . Yet the proposal clearly says that federal subsidies would go only to U.S. citizens and immigrants who are in the United States legally . Republican congressional leaders told Wilson on Wednesday night that they wanted him to tell the White House that his comments were "  inappropriate , " Wilson said Thursday . Watch the lawmaker describe his call to the White House " Shortly after Obama 's speech , Wilson called the White House and issued a statement apologizing for his "  inappropriate and regrettable " comments . According to Wilson , administration officials said they appreciated his call and emphasized the need for "  a civil discussion . " "  I certainly agree with that , " Wilson said . Obama told reporters at a Cabinet meeting Thursday morning that he accepted Wilson 's apology . Watch the president say he appreciates the apology " Democrats and Republicans have criticized the South Carolina congressman for what they described as disrespect for the president . Watch the outburst and the chamber 's response " Wilson 's shout was n't the only demonstration of displeasure that Republicans made during the speech . Rep. Louie Gohmert , R-Texas , wore a sign around his neck that said , "  What bill ? " And when Obama asked Republicans to share their ideas to overhaul health care , a small group raised up a stack of papers above their heads . iReport.com : "  You are disrespectful , sir " After the speech , Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the Republican presidential candidate last year , called Wilson 's outburst "  totally disrespectful " and said he should apologize . McCain told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " there was "  no place for it in that setting or any other and he should apologize immediately . " Other Republicans also criticized Wilson , along with the expected Democratic condemnation . "  It was crude and disrespectful , " said Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin , D-Illinois . "  I think the person who said it will pay a price . " House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn , D-South Carolina , said , "  I was always taught that the first sign of a good education is good manners . I think that what we saw tonight was really bad manners . "  And having a spirited debate is one thing , exercising bad manners is another . That was beyond the pale -- and I would hope that he would publicly apologize on that same floor to the president of the United States for that insult . " And Wilson 's outburst may come with a steep political price . iReport.com : Share your take on the speech The five-term lawmaker represents the 2nd Congressional District , which includes the state capital , Columbia , and stretches to Beaufort and Hilton Head Island . Wilson 's likely 2010 Democratic challenger , Rob Miller , has raised more than $ 200,000 from 5,000 donors since Wednesday night , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee said . Miller accused Wilson of "  engaging in childish name-calling and disrespecting our commander in chief . " Wilson 's shout prompted Democrats on the Internet to direct donors to Miller 's Web site and to a Democratic fundraising site , ActBlue . iReport.com : Share your take on the speech Miller gave Wilson the toughest re-election challenge of his career last year in one of the country 's most conservative congressional districts . Miller lost by 8 percentage points . He plans to challenge Wilson again next year . CNN 's Peter Hamby and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama says he accepts Rep. Joe Wilson 's apology Wilson says GOP leadership told him to call White House , apologize Wilson issued apology to president over "  You lie ! " outburst during speech Outburst came when Obama denied health care plan covered illegal immigrants
CNN  -- Eid in the Islam household was always a very special occasion for me ; it was when I 'd get to see family and friends and , most of all , I could eat myself silly , gorging on amazing Asian food ! What sticks in the memory most was the build-up ; this would begin several days prior to Eid -- mum would be busy preparing the sauces and marinades which were invariably rich , vibrant reds and greens . The aromas emanating from the kitchen were so intense that our mouths watered in anticipation as our bellies simultaneously whined "  are we there yet ? " CNN Celebrates : Weird and wonderful summer traditions The day went something like this : We 'd be up extremely early and the food fest would begin with Shir Khurma for breakfast . This is a lovely vermicelli and milk pudding , spiced with cardamom and cinnamon and served with an Indian rusk . Morning cravings sated , we 'd then make our way to the Mosque for prayer until around 11am . As we were leaving the mosque , I remember feeling excited at the prospect of going home for a huge selection of tasty deep-fried goodies , which usually consisted of samosas  lamb and potato and chicken and pea  , pakoras and lentil and ginger cakes , all served with relishes and tomato ketchup . At this point , people would be gathered at the house and we 'd make visits to friends ' and relatives ' houses , where we 'd be treated to sweet tea and samosas . Around 1pm we 'd get back to a house full of people and start tucking into a delicious lunch of mutton yakhni pulao , a classic rice dish from Lucknow ; this would be accompanied by lamb and chicken kormas -- very lightly spiced with aromatic milk sauces . There 'd always be a boiled egg added too . In addition , there would be spiced roast chicken and spicy kebabs . Dessert always tended to be coconut samosas and sweet semolina . Eid is a particularly ostentatious event and , I can remember mum putting silver leaf on the rice and puddings as decoration . CNN Celebrates : The world 's best fireworks displays I would have to say that Biryanis/pulaos , samosas , kebabs and Indian sweets and puddings best showcase the culinary traditions around Eid . If I were cooking to impress I would stick to these traditional , simple dishes . I say simple , but aesthetics aside , they 're anything but ; this food 's actually very intricate as the flavors have to be subtle , which is quite difficult to pull off , especially in the case of a pulao . In my opinion , if you can make a perfect pulao the culinary aspect of Eid will be a joyous time and a huge success , as all the other dishes are complementary to it .	British chef Aktar Islam shares his best Eid food memories His mum 's home cooked Bangladeshi treats still influence his cooking Some of his favorite Eid dishes are shir khurma , yakhni pulaos , samosas and kebabs
CNN  -- Real Madrid extended their lead at the top of La Liga to seven points on Saturday after they won against Real Zaragoza and rivals Barcelona only drew away to Villarreal . Jose Mourinho 's men enjoyed a comfortable 3-1 win at the Bernabeu although they had to come from behind . Angel Lafita gave bottom-placed side Zaragoza an early lead with an 11th minute strike but a goal from Kaka after half an hour gave Real a deserved equalizer . The home side wasted little time establishing their dominance in the second half with Cristiano Ronaldo putting them in front in the 49th minute . Mesut Ozil doubled the lead seven minutes later to wrap up the three points . Meanwhile , Barcelona could n't find a way to unlock the defence of La Liga strugglers Villarreal . The result continues a mixed bag of a season away from home which has now yielded five draws , four wins and one loss . A Vladimir Weiss goal earned Espanyol a 1-0 win over 10-man Mallorca . The result moves them level on points with fourth-placed Levante who host Getafe on Sunday . Fernando Llorente scored a hat-trick for Athletic Bilbao as they came from behind to beat Rayo Vallecano 3-2 . Miguel Cuesta gave the home side the lead in the 10th minute before Llorente struck in the 17th and 23rd minute . Alejandro Arribas squared things up four minutes later but Llorente was on hand in the 68th minute to grab the winner . Meanwhile in Serie A , leaders Juventus beat Udinese 2-1 in Turin to keep their title charge on track . Alessandro Matri gave Juve the lead three minutes before halftime only for substitute Floro Flores to equalize ten minutes after the break . Matri scored what proved to be the winner in the 63rd minute to open up a four-point gap over AC Milan who host Cagliari at the San Siro on Sunday night . Earlier , Catania and Parma drew 1-1 .	Real Madrid extend La Liga lead to seven points with 3-1 win over Real Zaragoza Barcelona drop points on the road again with goalless draw at Villarreal Juventus open up four-point gap at top of Serie A after 2-1 win against Udinese AC Milan play Cagliari on Sunday night
Madrid  CNN  -- The Prado Museum put on display for public viewing Tuesday a restored version of what is thought to be the earliest known copy of Leonardo da Vinci 's "  Mona Lisa " masterpiece , which hangs in the Louvre Museum in Paris . Many copies of "  Mona Lisa " were painted years after the fact , but this copy is different , experts say , because evidence shows it was painted at the same time and in the same studio as the original masterpiece , probably by one of Leonardo 's assistants or pupils . The copy shows the same woman and the same landscape , the Prado Museum said in a statement . But the restored copy may depict the woman in a more youthful and vibrant fashion , some art experts said , because the original masterpiece has been dulled by layers of cracked varnish and there are no known plans to restore it as well . "  This copy is now one of the most important sources of information for working procedures in Leonardo 's studios , " the Prado said in a statement . "  The first thing to notice is that the copy is in remarkably good condition and we think that it 's a rather faithful rendition of the original , " Gabriele Finaldi , the Prado 's deputy director told CNN . "  I think it has a lot to offer regarding the understanding of the original in the Louvre , particularly in the landscape and in the head dress , and details of the face and hands . " The copy will be on display at the Prado through March 12 , when it will be sent to the Louvre to be shown in an exhibition on Leonardo , starting March 29 . Both the original and the copy were painted 500 years ago , but what art experts consider to be the exciting details about the copy occurred only recently . The copy has been in Spanish art collections for centuries , first in the royal collection , and then in the Prado 's collection starting in 1819 , when the museum opened , the Prado statement said . At a packed news conference at the museum , Prado officials said the "  Mona Lisa " copy underwent a big change in the 18th century , when someone ordered the colorful background landscape to be painted over in black . Art historians know that some other paintings underwent similar transformations , with backgrounds being obscured . In the case of the "  Mona Lisa " copy , the painted-over version left just the young woman in view , with none of the tell-tale background that could link it more closely to the masterpiece . This portrait was actually on display for years at the Prado , without anyone realizing what was hidden , museum officials said . Two years ago , the Louvre asked the Prado to study this portrait with the aim of getting it on loan for the Leonardo exhibit to start late next month , Prado officials said . The Prado restoration workshop began a series of painstaking tests on the copy , including chemical analysis and infrared imaging , which suggested the black paint was covering up some earlier part of the painting . The painting was cleaned of oxidized varnish and then very small portions of the black were removed at the edges , and those sections were compared to the original masterpiece in the Louvre . As positive matches occurred -- sections of landscape in the original matching newly uncovered sections of landscape in the copy -- more of the black was removed , until it was finally revealed to be a contemporary copy . Prado officials said much more study will now be done on the copy , including trying to figure out exactly who painted it . There are few likely candidates -- people who were working in Da Vinci 's workshop at the time -- but art experts are not yet sure which one might be the artist . The copy will go to the Louvre as part of the "  Leonardo 's Final Masterpiece " exhibition , which focuses on his work , "  The Virgin and Child with St. Anne . "	The painting is believed to be the earliest known copy of the "  Mona Lisa " Evidence shows it was painted at the same time and in the same studio as the original The background was painted over with black during the 18th century The restored copy has background details linking it more closely to the original
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Jurors in the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial have one less question to decide after the judge issued a partial directed verdict in favor of Jackson 's mother Friday . Katherine Jackson has standing to seek damages against concert promoter AEG Live in the pop icon 's death because evidence proved her son provided for "  everything , " including her household expenses and food , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos said in a ruling Friday afternoon . Lawyers for AEG Live unsuccessfully argued that Jackson 's elderly mother could not sue because she was also supported by daughter Janet Jackson . Testimony ended Friday in the five-month-long trial , setting the stage for closing arguments to begin Tuesday . Judge Palazuelos will read her instructions to the jury on Monday . Jackson 's mother and three children contend AEG Live is liable in his death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in November 2011 and sentenced to four years in prison . Murray told police he infused Jackson with the surgical anesthetic propofol for 60 nights to treat his insomnia as he prepared for his comeback concerts . The coroner ruled his death on June 25 , 2009 , was from a propofol overdose . AEG Live lawyers have argued it was Jackson who chose and controlled Murray and that their executives had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments the doctor was giving Jackson in the privacy of his bedroom . The judge cited testimony from Katherine Jackson and a financial expert hired by AEG Live in her partial directed verdict ruling . The defense expert concluded that the Michael Jackson paid for the "  bulk " of his mother 's support , including for her home , transportation , food and insurance , the ruling said . The only evidence AEG Live had supporting their defense was Katherine Jackson 's testimony that her youngest daughter , Janet Jackson , gave her $ 10,000 a month for "  some period of years , " the judge wrote . "  There is no evidence that Janet Jackson 's contributions negated Katherine Jackson 's reliance -- to some extent -- on -LSB- Michael Jackson 's -RSB- contributions for the necessaries of life , " Palazuelos ruled . California law does not allow parents to seek wrongful-death damages if their offspring had other heirs , unless they can prove they were financially dependent on their child . The judge is moving the trial to a much larger courtroom in the downtown Los Angeles courthouse , which will allow more than 300 people to watch closing arguments . The trial began in a courtroom that only seats 60 people .	Judge issues a partial directed verdict in favor of Katherine Jackson Evidence proved Michael Jackson provided "  everything " for his elderly mother AEG Live argued she could n't sue because of support from Janet Jackson Closing arguments start Tuesday in the wrongful-death case
CNN  -- Norwegian Tony Andre Hansen has been stripped of his Olympic showjumping bronze medal -- and banned for our-and-a-half months by the International Equestrian Federation -- after his horse tested positive for a banned substance at the Beijing Games . Hansen was Norway 's highest-scoring rider as the nation finished third in the Olympic team showjumping . The 29-year-old Hansen was the best performer in a four-rider Norway team which won bronze under a scoring system where the top three count . Without his scores , his teammates -- Morten Djupvik , Stein Endresen , and Geir Gulliksen -- drop out of medal contention . The fourth-placed Switzerland team of Steve Guerdat , Christina Liebherr , Niklaus Schurtenberger and Pius Schwizer will now be awarded the bronze medals by the International Olympic Committee . The United States won gold , beating Canada in a jumpoff in Hong Kong , where the equestrian events were staged last August . Hansen 's horse , Camiro , tested positive for capsaicin , a banned pain relieving medication . He was provisionally suspended and did not complete the individual jumping competition . However , he is free to return to competition on January 3 as his suspension was backdated . "  It is each person 's duty to ensure that no prohibited substance is present in his or her horse 's body during an event , " said the FEI . Although the drug can be used out-of-competition as a legal medication , it is also classed as a doping substance if used to inflame a horse 's legs . This is done to encourage horses to jump higher because striking an obstacle becomes more painful . Hansen is the fourth rider disqualified and suspended in cases involving capsaicin : Germany 's Christian Ahlmann was suspended for four months , Brazil 's Bernardo Alves for three-and-a-half months , and Irish rider Denis Lynch got a three-month ban .	Norwegian Tony Andre Hansen is stripped of his Olympic showjumping gold Hansen 's horse horse tested positive for banned substance at Beijing Games The fourth-placed Switzerland team have now been promoted to third position
London  CNN  British former pop star Gary Glitter on Friday was sentenced to 16 years in prison for child sex abuse offenses he committed more than three decades ago . Glitter , 70 , whose real name is Paul Gadd , was convicted this month of one count of attempted rape of a girl under the age of 13 , one count of having sex with a girl under the age of 13 and four counts of indecent assault against girls . He was sentenced at Southwark Crown Court in London for the six offenses , committed against three victims between 1975 and 1980 . There is no statute of limitations for such offenses in the UK . Glitter was known as a "  glam rocker " in the 1970s for his flamboyant clothes and performing style . He sold 18 million records with hits such as "  I 'm the Leader of the Gang  I Am !  , " "  I Love You Love Me Love " and "  Rock 'n' Roll . " Detective Chief Inspector Michael Orchard of London 's Metropolitan Police praised the courage of the abuse victims in coming forward to police . "  Paul Gadd has shown himself to be a habitual sexual predator , who took advantage of the star status afforded to him by targeting young girls who trusted him and were in awe of his fame , " Orchard said . "  His lack of remorse and defense that the victims were lying make his crimes all the more indefensible . " Glitter was the first person to be arrested under the police 's Operation Yewtree , set up in 2012 in the wake of a flood of sexual abuse allegations against the late radio and TV star Jimmy Savile and others . Savile , who died in 2011 aged 84 , was revealed after his death to have been one of Britain 's most prolific sex offenders . British police say more than 200 victims -- between ages 5 and 75 -- have been identified . Glitter had been prosecuted previously on sex charges . In 1999 , he admitted possessing child pornography and was jailed for four months . While living in Vietnam , he was convicted of sex offenses against young girls and jailed for nearly three years before being deported to England . Glitter is the latest celebrity to be accused or convicted of historic sex offenses . Last year celebrity publicist Max Clifford was sentenced to eight years ' imprisonment for assaults on girls , while Australian entertainer Rolf Harris was jailed for five years for indecent assaults against four girls .	Gary Glitter is sentenced to 16 years in prison after being convicted of child sex abuse The former "  glam rocker " has been prosecuted previously on sex abuse charges
CNN  A custody battle could be brewing over the Florida cat that was supposedly thought to be dead , buried and found alive several days later . The latest in the thickening plot line ripped from an animal version of "  The Walking Dead " : The executive director of the Tampa Humane Society announced the group would not be returning the cat to its owner . Bart , or "  Zombie Cat , " as he has been called on social media , was discovered "  unresponsive " by his owner last week lying in a pool of blood . His body was cold and his face was severely disfigured , representatives from the Tampa Humane Society said . The cat 's owner , Ellis Hutson , told the Humane Society that he buried his pet with the help of a neighbor . "  If we 'd seen that cat on the road , we 'd assumed he was dead , " said Nash McCutchen , marketing coordinator with the Tampa Humane Society . Five days later , a different neighbor said she found Bart walking in her yard , presumably after he clawed his way out of the grave . The neighbor returned the cat to Hutson , who brought the cat , who was covered in open wounds and dehydrated , to the Humane Society for help . But remarkably , McCutchen said , the kitty had no internal injuries , and on Wednesday , Bart underwent surgery to remove his left eye and have his jaw wired shut . He had a blood transfusion Thursday , according to the Tampa Humane Society 's website . Since the attention Bart received after he allegedly "  rose from the dead , " more information has surfaced about Bart 's "  home environment and the circumstances leading up to his burial , " Sherry Silk , executive director of the Tampa Humane Society said in a release . According to Polk County , Florida , court documents , Hutson was arrested in 1998 and charged with cruelty to animals . The nature of the charges is unclear , and the charges were later thrown out . A video of a man administering first aid to the cat , along with a Go Fund Me page set up by the neighbor despite the Humane Society 's promise to pay for the cat 's treatment , have raised doubts about whether Bart was injured the way his owner said . But Silk said she has no reason to believe the story she was told is n't true . "  All of Bart 's injuries are consistent with him being hit by a car , " Silk said . Likewise , Humane Society veterinarians believe the feline was buried for a time . "  He had dirt in every orifice of his body , and maggots covering his open wounds , " Silk said . Silk said she also believes that Bart was well taken care of before being injured , because he was a good weight and is a very friendly cat . "  He likes human beings and is n't skittish at all , " Silk said . Still , after meeting with Bart 's owner Thursday for about 40 minutes , Silk said she has to act in the best interest of the cat , which in her opinion means keeping the cat at the Humane Society . Hutson , however , has refused to sign over his rights to the cat , she said . "  I believe -LSB- Hutson -RSB- cares about the cat , " Silk said , but "  we are prepared to fight to keep the cat . " Calls to Hutson were not immediately returned .	Humane Society says it no longer plans to return "  Zombie Cat " to his owner Bart the cat underwent jaw reconstruction , eye removal and a blood transfusion Cat was nicknamed "  Zombie Cat " because he was found dead , was buried , then found alive
CNN  Nineteen-year-old Tony Robinson was not armed when a Madison , Wisconsin , police officer fatally shot him , Police Chief Mike Koval said Saturday . "  We have to be clear about this , " Koval said . "  He was unarmed . That 's going to make this all the more complicated for the investigators , the public , to accept , to understand ... why deadly force had to be used . " The officer who killed Robinson , 12-year department veteran Matt Kenny , had used deadly force before , shooting and killing a man in 2007 , the chief said . Kenny was exonerated of any wrongdoing and even received a commendation , the chief said , adding that the incident was "  concluded to be a suicide by cop " situation . Kenny was responding Friday evening to a reported disturbance at a Madison residence when Robinson attacked him , Koval said . Robinson had a criminal history , according to the state of Wisconsin public records . These records were first reported by the Wisconsin State Journal newspaper . Wisconsin Circuit Court documents indicate that Robinson pleaded guilty in December of last year to an armed robbery that occurred April 25 , 2014 . The Madison Police Chief said that Robinson was unarmed , but his officer was assaulted and an investigation is underway . Koval , on Saturday , refused to comment on Robinson 's past police criminal history or past interactions . In a press conference , he stated , "  I could but I choose not to . I am not here to do a character workup on someone who lost his life less than 24 hours ago . " "  I frankly think it is , for our purposes today , wholly inappropriate and I am not going to blemish anyone 's character particularly someone 's as young as his , " Koval said . But he also said that the public records were available to all . After the shooting , protesters in the university town took to the streets and converged on City Hall , chanting "  Black lives matter . " Koval called for calm , while acknowledging the protests are reminiscent of those that followed the deaths of black men in Ferguson , Missouri , and Staten Island , New York , after confrontations with police . Police described Robinson as African-American . "  In light of so much things that have happened not just across the country , but in our own community , it 's understandable that the reaction at the scene and of some of our citizens is extremely volatile , emotional and upsetting , " the police chief told CNN affiliate WKOW-TV . "  And we understand that . That 's absolutely appropriate under these circumstances . We would urge , obviously , that everyone exercise restraint . " Koval said he visited the home of Robinson 's mother late Friday and met Robinson 's grandparents outside the house . They talked and prayed , the chief said , but they advised him to put off visiting Robinson 's mother "  based on the dynamics " of the situation . "  I could n't even begin to get my hands around the enormity of the loss and the tragic consequences , " he said . "  Nineteen years old is too young . " Robinson 's mother , Andrea Irwin , told CNN affiliate WKOW that she did n't understand what happened . "  My son has never been a violent person , never , " she said . "  To die in such a violent way baffles me . " Irwin said Robinson served as a father figure to her other children . "  He was our caretaker and so gentle , " she said . The incident started when authorities got a call that a black male was yelling and jumping in front of cars , Koval said . Dispatchers identified him as Robinson , according to 911 audio obtained by WKOW . A little later the dispatcher says , "  Apparently Tony hit one of his friends , um no weapons seen . " About four minutes later , the dispatcher says , "  I got another call for the same suspect at -LSB- the same address -RSB- . He tried to strangle another patron . " About 30 seconds later , an unidentified officer says , "  Shots fired , shots fired . " When Kenny went to the apartment , he heard some commotion and forced his way in , Koval said . "  Once inside the home the subject involved in this incident -- the same one allegedly out in traffic and that had battered someone -- assaulted my officer , " Koval said . After that , according to the chief , "  The officer did draw his revolver and subsequently shot the subject . " Backup officers and others at the scene performed CPR on the young man , who later died at the hospital . Kenny suffered a blow to the head , but is being treated and will be released , Koval said . Kenny has been placed on administrative leave with pay . Koval said he 's not sure what Robinson was doing at the house in the first place . "  His relationship to the home is unclear to me , although there were certainly familiar acquaintances . This was not a random place . He had hung out . " In a statement Saturday , state Attorney General Brad Schimel said he "  can only imagine the heartbreak " of Robinson 's parents and added he 's "  concerned for the officer ... who , I imagine , is experiencing great trauma as well . " "  They are all in my thoughts and prayers , " Schimel said . Under Wisconsin law , officer-involved shootings are investigated by an outside agency , in this case the Division of Criminal Investigation . Once DCI completes the investigation , the report will go to the local district attorney , Koval said . Some were demanding answers sooner rather than later . On Friday night , dozens of demonstrators came out to the area around the apartment , which police had blocked off . A group also moved toward City Hall before dispersing early Saturday . "  Who do we trust ? " some called out , prompting the response , "  No one ! " And in another refrain , they chanted , "  Black lives matter . " The protesters ' sentiments were echoed online , where some adopted the #WillyStreet hashtag in reference to Williamson Street , where the shooting happened . "  Praying for Madison tonight , " wrote one activist . "  Stand up , sit in , walk out - until u get answers . And until there are no more hashtag eulogies . " Mayor Paul Soglin spoke to the raw feelings , calling what happened "  an enormous tragedy . " "  We 've got a family that 's really hurting , " Soglin said , according to WKOW . "  And we 've got a city and neighborhood that 's feeling pretty well hurt itself . " Some of the protesters were members of the Young , Gifted and Black Coalition that was formed last summer after the Michael Brown shooting in Ferguson . The group wants more reactive policing in African-American neighborhoods , said group member Brandi Grayson . She said Madison police park on street corners in African-American neighborhoods and wait for something to happen , which leads to residents being hassled . That does n't happen in white neighborhoods , she said . She said Young , Gifted and Black will be working with church groups on Sunday and will hold more rallies Tuesday and Wednesday . CNN 's Faith Karami and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Tony Robinson , 19 , was unarmed when an officer killed him , police chief says Officer has been involved in a fatal shooting on duty in 2007 , chief says Robinson had a prior conviction for armed robbery
