CNN  -- At least 17 employees at the Idaho National Laboratory were exposed Tuesday to what the lab described as low-level radiation from plutonium . The workers underwent initial decontamination at the facility where the incident happened and were then transported to an on-site medial center for evaluation , the lab said in a statement . There is no evidence of a leak outside the facility and there is no risk to the public or environment , it added . The Idaho National Laboratory  INL  , located in eastern Idaho , is a U.S. Department of Energy nuclear research site . Tuesday 's incident happened within the lab 's materials and fuels complex , which has facilities for remotely handling , processing and examining spent nuclear fuel , irradiated materials and radioactive wastes , according to the INL 's website . The workers were inside the decommissioned Zero Power Physics Reactor  ZPPR  when a container was opened for scheduled work , "  resulting in low-level worker exposure to plutonium , " the lab said . The ZPPR was a low-power test reactor that evaluated various design features .	The exposure happened at the Idaho National Laboratory Workers were exposed to low-level radiation from plutonium , the lab says They were transported to an on-site medical center and are undergoing evaluation There is no risk to the public or environment , the lab says
CNN  -- "  Matchmaker " is n't a job that appears on Claudette Breve 's rÃ © sumÃ © , but she 's been responsible for more than 100 successful wedding proposals . Part-time actor Rudy Rasmussen spends much of his leisure time on stages across New Orleans . Catch him performing and you 'll note that he 's fit and trim , despite making dozens of dinner reservations every day . In less than a minute , either of them can spew a list of ideas to fill a travel itinerary focused on romance , family , business or Southern culture , including directions , prices , operating hours , weather conditions and insider tips . Walk up to their desk at the Ritz-Carlton New Orleans , and it 's like meeting Google in human form . Defining the job "  Concierge " is a French term that evolved from the phrase "  comte des cierges , " or "  keeper of the candles . " It dates to medieval times , when both candles and keys were required at night to open the doors of a castle and cater to the needs of visiting nobles . Nowadays , the concierge is also the keeper of cufflinks , toothpaste , chargers , combs and hair gel . "  Whether on business or leisure travel , no one wants to spend too much time trying to coordinate , plan , organize , et cetera , " said Jeanne Mills , president of the U.S. branch of Les Clefs d'Or  The Gold Keys  , an international organization of professional concierges with more than 3,000 members worldwide . Members of Les Clefs d'Or are seasoned pros with proven track records of making the mundane memorable . Mills has been a concierge in Las Vegas for 23 years and is currently the chief concierge at the MGM Grand . "  My favorite part of the job is the reward that comes with playing an instrumental part of so many special moments in people 's lives . Guests I took care of more than a decade ago have never forgotten me , " she says . "  We 're approachable , and we 're not snobs ! " That 's the message Rasmussen would like guests to know . He makes every effort to overcome misconceptions about the job , such as the belief that the main purpose of a concierge is to make reservations and hand out maps . Those essential services are only the tip of the iceberg . The concierge "  to-do " list is ever-changing , and Rasmussen thrives on the revolving roles . One day , he 's getting stale bread from the kitchen so visiting kids can feed the ducks at City Park , and the next he 's helping facilitate the freezing and shipping of breast milk for a traveling mother on her first post-maternity-leave business trip . All major resorts and five-star hotels provide concierge services to their guests . Many boutique hotels also offer the services , often on a smaller scale . Mills says advanced technology is bringing more savvy travelers to the concierge desk . She believes that access to so much information online actually makes the demand for a concierge even greater . "  Guests are seeking the guidance of concierges now , more than ever , to help them filter the barrage of information and to seek personal insight . " "  Never hesitate to go to your concierge , even if you think your request is impossible , " said Breve , who has been making the impossible possible for more than 25 years , primarily as senior concierge at the Ritz-Carlton on Canal Street . She says she feels honored to be an ambassador not only for the hotel but for the city of New Orleans -- and she has no fear of being replaced by an Internet search engine . "  Does a computer have a personality and charm or hands-on experience ? I 'd say no . Can a computer get you courtside seats for playoffs or a front-row seat at a sold-out concert ? That 's the difference between a computer and a concierge . " Even so , many frequent travelers say they have never ventured to the concierge desk . What keeps them away ? Here are a few myths debunked . Myth No. 1 : A hefty tip is required . Reality : Tipping is at your discretion . There is no set fee for using a concierge . However , as with so many jobs in the hospitality industry , gratitude is certainly appreciated . Cash tips are appropriate , especially if you are asking for more than directions or help with an easy dinner reservation . Les Clefs d'Or maintains that while gratuity for great service is customary , it 's never expected . If you do tip , placing cash in an envelope or handing a tip to a concierge during a departing handshake is appropriate . A verbal "  thank you " as you 're passing the desk is meaningful , as is a handwritten note or a post-trip e-mail . Jeff Brooks , a New Jersey-based financial consultant , says most of his business travel details are worked out in-house , but he 'll never forget the concierge who helped him skate off thin ice one February . "  I was in New York City without a dinner reservation on Valentine 's Day , " says Brooks . The hotel concierge came to the rescue , securing a table at a very nice restaurant , resulting in a memorable romantic evening . Brooks tipped the concierge $ 20 . That 's in line with recommendations from hotel guru Glenn Haussman of Hotelinteractive.com , who says special requests merit a tip of at least $ 10 or $ 20 , depending on time spent . "  If the concierge is getting you something that would be otherwise impossible , then you are looking at a tip of $ 50 or more , " Haussman said . Consider your own timing as well . "  If you want to get their attention , it 's always a good idea to tip the concierge at the start of a trip . Ten dollars to say ' I appreciate you looking out for me while I am here ' will go a long way . " Myth No. 2 : They are primarily meant to serve elite clientele . Reality : The concierge desk is a perk available to all hotel guests . Fashion stylist Cathie Arquilla often travels for business , but she 's always been wary of using a concierge . "  I 'm actually sort of intimidated by them . I figure they 're for big businessmen on an expense account who want something fast and reliable , a sure bet where money is no object . " Arquilla is the perfect example of a savvy traveler who 's packing a flawed perception . It 's true that celebrities have been known to keep a concierge or two busy . One high profile guest at the Ritz-Carlton New Orleans called ahead to request that all the furniture in his room be set up so that he was always facing east , whenever sitting or lying down . "  I do n't know if it was feng shui or if it was just a personal proclivity . It took a little bit of work , but we got it together , " Rasmussen said . Breve once chased down a pet psychic for a celebrity guest whose dog was feeling down . "  If it 's not illegal or immoral , we 'll do it , " Rasmussen said . One of Breve 's most memorable non-celebrity requests came to her at 11 a.m. on a busy Saturday . A man wanted to propose in the French Quarter at 1 p.m. . In two hours , she found a stunning location , made the arrangements and found a photographer . Passers-by thought they were filming a scene from a movie . Having ready answers for day-to-day demands is also critical for concierge success . On most days , Breve says , she answers the question , "  How do I take the streetcar ? " more than 100 times . And Rasmussen finds himself constantly explaining the difference between Cajun and Creole cuisine . Myth No. 3 : Only overnight guests currently at the hotel can ask for help . Reality : They serve anyone visiting the hotel for any reason , and hotel guests can start the process upon booking . Many people assume the concierge desk is available only once you 've arrived at your destination . Not true ! Rasmussen says he does his best work when clients call or e-mail ahead of time . More time to work on your agenda means you 're likely to get your preferred picks . Hotel concierges also cater to people visiting their properties for special events , such as business conferences or weddings . Maybe you 've checked in elsewhere but you 're a bridesmaid who somehow forgot to pack your shoes , which were dyed to match your dress . That 's when it 's time to call on the concierge . The bottom line Part travel agent , part magician , the concierge is dedicated to defining details and supplying travel joy . In medieval times , they may have held the candles and the keys , but the modern-day concierge is an expert at guarding items even more precious : guest sanity and satisfaction .	Some hotel guests are intimidated or confused by concierge services "  We 're approachable , and we 're not snobs , " says a Ritz-Carlton concierge Concierges serve all guests , and tipping is appreciated , not mandated
A year ago , a fisherman Efren Forones came back from fishing trips with up to three and half tons of fish . In return he was able to buy 15 to 20 kilos of rice for his family every month and was planning to send at least one of his six children to college . Not any more . He now returns with just 400 kilos of catch at best , meaning he can only afford one to two kilos of rice a month , while school for his children is an expensive luxury and out of the question . The reason ? He says he can longer fish in the fertile waters around Scarborough Shoal . A cluster of uninhabitable sand banks and small rocks set in a shallow azure water lagoon about 130 miles  200 km  west from the Philippine island of Luzon , Scarborough Shoal is one of a number of territories at the center of an international dispute in the South China Sea . Both the Philippines and China lay claim to it . Tense standoff The long-term tensions between the two nations escalated last April during a one-month stand off between the two nations , after Manila accused Chinese boats of fishing illegally in the area . When a Philippines navy vessel inspected the boats it found "  large amounts of illegally collected corals , giant clams and live sharks " inside one of the boats , according to the Philippine government . Manila then reported that two Chinese surveillance ships had taken up position at the mouth of the lagoon , blocking the way to the fishing boats and "  preventing the arrest " of the fishermen . The vessels stretched a cable across the mouth of the lagoon , which also prevented Filipino fishermen from going there , according to the Philippines coast guard . Earlier this year , the Philippine government took its feud with China to a United Nations tribunal , a move that Beijing has rejected . In an article on state-run CCTV last month , China pointed to a code of conduct it signed in 2002 , known as the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea , with fellow members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  . It said the declaration expected that relevant disputes be solved through friendly talks and negotiations by sovereign states directly concerned . That brings little comfort to the struggling fishermen in communities in west Luzon , the nearest region to Scarborough Shoal -- also known as Panatag Shoal here or Huangyan Island to the Chinese . One of them is Masinloc , a municipality of 40,000 people , which relies on the seas for almost 80 % of its income , according to the Philippines Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources . It says thousands of fishermen have lost their regular jobs as catches decline . Forones is one of them . The 52 year old has been fishing in the waters off Masinloc for 22 years . He lives with his family in a traditional bamboo house mounted on pillars above the sea . His youngest daughter is four years old . Forones does not own a boat but used to be hired as a fisherman and paid a minimum of $ 85 dollars for a trip . Nobody is hiring now . He has tried to rent boats on his own and fish with his neighbors , but the little catch they bring back barely covers the rental fee and fuel . He says the Shoal is the most important fishing ground in this region . "  They  the Chinese  shoo us away , will not allow Filipinos to come near the area , " he says . "  They are the only ones that can fish there , not us . We lost Scarborough and it is hard . We earn nothing . " Beijing is unwavering in its claims . As recently as last month , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported that Chinese surveillance vessels were carrying out regular missions in the South China Sea . The Xinhua report cited Liu Cigui , director of the State Oceanic Administration , as saying that China would continue the patrols "  to secure the nation 's maritime rights and interests " in areas it claims as its territorial waters . China 's claim on the area dates back to 1279 during the Yuan Dynasty , when Chinese astronomer Guo Shoujing conducted a survey . Then in 1935 , China declared sovereignty over 132 islands , reefs and shoals in the South China Sea , with the Scarborough Shoal -- or Huangyan -- included as a part of the Zhongsha Islands , according to Xinhua . However , Forones is in little doubt who the lagoon , which lies within what the Philippines declares as its Exclusive Economic Zone , belongs to . "  Of course it is ours . We own Scarborough , " he insists . "  But China is trying to get it from us . Our government should fix that . We should seek help from the United States if the Philippine government can not handle it alone . " Nowhere else to go Forones and his wife plan to stay in Masinloc , for now . He will try to start diving for shellfish . By selling clams , mussels and oysters , they can make around $ 5 a day . Enough to buy rice and other basic food to feed the family . "  There is no other place where we can go . I will stay here , get shells from nearby and help my husband to make living , " Forones ' wife , Gemma , says . The situation is similar in Subic , a town 55 miles  88 km  south of Masinloc . It used to host one of the biggest American naval bases outside the United States , before it closed in 1991 . Operators of the fishing market on the outskirts of the town of 90,000 say business is down 50 % since the fishermen were blocked from fishing where they wanted to at Scarborough . Many fishermen here share a similar story to their counterparts further north . "  When we went there , a Chinese vessel , the Chinese Marine Surveillance blocked our path , " says Ronnie Drio , 46-year-old father of eight children . "  As we managed to get past through it , it looked like they called another one because a different ship appeared and blocked our way again . "  That 's when we got trapped . Then a Chinese man stepped out . He looked like their highest officer . He flashed a sign that we had to leave immediately . We were kicked out like pigs . " A number of fishermen have already left Subic and Masinloc and many more are considering it . One of them , 58-year-old Tolomeo "  Lomi " Forones , is Efren 's cousin . He 's been a fisherman for 30 years but now makes a living as a motorbike taxi driver . He makes around $ 2 on a good day . "  Our income was higher when we used to fish at Scarborough . I even used to save money . But now we earn just enough for daily consumption and sometimes what we earn is not even enough to provide food . " Dangerous waters He still does occasional fishing trips but against his wife 's wish . Janet Forones wants to leave Masinloc and their low income is not the only reason : "  Who would not get worried when they are out there ? What if they get shot ? " She was referring to the presence of the Chinese boats . What puzzles the fishermen here most is the speed the whole situation has changed . Although the Philippine and Chinese governments have disputed each other 's claim to the lagoon for many years , they could fish at Scarborough alongside Chinese fishermen up until a few months ago . "  I do not know why they do n't like us or why they do not want us within that area . If Americans were still in the region , the Chinese would have never came to Scarborough because they would be scared . If our government allows the U.S. to come back over here , its OK with me , " she says , referring to Washington 's commitment to its mutual defense treaty with the Philippines that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reaffirmed last year . But the solution to the dispute is as distant as ever . Litigation at the United Nations could last years . Most of the local fishermen do not have so much time . So while the governments squabble , many of these fishermen and their families will have to leave the only life they have known and start from scratch somewhere else .	China , Philippines claim lagoon , some 130 miles  200 km  west of Philippine island of Luzon The uninhabitable sand banks and small rocks are located in prime fishing grounds Chinese and Philippines vessels have been involved in tense stand-off Fishermen from Luzon have suffered as their access to the region has been restricted
CNN  -- Lone wolf terror attacks remain a significant threat within the United States , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Sunday , and could occur without warning . "  We have to be vigilant against an independent actor here in the homeland who might choose to strike at any moment , " Johnson told CNN 's Barbara Starr in an interview at the Reagan National Defense Forum Sunday . The threat posed by these potential attackers is nothing new . But Johnson 's concerns show how challenging counter-terrorism has become . Just a few years ago , U.S. officials pursued a group that followed more predictable recruitment patterns . "  Core al-Qaeda was a relatively traditional command and control structure where someone would be recruited , they train at an overseas camp and then they 'd be sent to commit a terrorist attack , " Johnson explained . "  The new phenomenon that I see that I 'm very concerned about , " Johnson continued , "  is somebody who has never met another member of that terrorist organization , never trained at one of the camps , who is simply inspired by the social media -- the literature , the propaganda , the message -- to commit an act of violence in this country . " Johnson added that , while the U.S. government has largely been successful in disrupting plots hatched by terrorist cells abroad , catching individuals who are not formally connected requires them to take a different tactic -- relying heavily on state and local law enforcement . The Department of Homeland Security is also turning to religious and community organizations in its fight against extremism , Johnson said . "  I 've made this a personal part of my agenda " he said , "  by traveling to a lot of community-based organizations around the country , many of them Islamic based , and the dialogue is interesting . " "  We have to build trust across the spectrum of issues , " he continued . "  I do n't want to just go there and say , ` I 'm here to talk about countering violent extremism . What can you do to help me ? ' " Crucially , said Johnson , the government has to offer a competing message to the young men who might otherwise be drawn in by the extremist rhetoric they see online . This as groups like ISIS develop increasingly sophisticated social media and propaganda arms that strive to recruit western jihadists . "  I think that some men , some young men may be inclined to turn in that direction , " said Johnson . "  We 're seeing that obviously and so we have to offer a counter narrative . We have to offer a counter vision and so we need public participation in that . "	Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says lone wolfs could strike without warning Johnson also worried about terrorist organizations ' social media campaigns Homeland Security turns to religious , community groups to fight extremism , he said
CNN  After an illustrious golf career that spanned more than four decades , one of the sport 's legends has died . Billy Casper , a pioneer of professional golf , died Saturday afternoon at his home in Springville , Utah , at the age of 83 , the San Diego Union-Tribune reported . The PGA posted news of Casper 's death as well , describing him as "  one of the most prolific PGA TOUR winners in history and long considered among the sport 's finest putters . " His resume included three major titles and 51 PGA Tour events -- putting him seventh on the U.S circuit 's all-time list . "  Billy Casper was one of the greatest winners in PGA Tour history and was a dominant player for the better part of three decades , " tour Commissioner Tim Finchem said in a statement . "  We remember his three major championships and his incredible work on the greens that made him one of the best putters of his generation . Beyond his career as a player , though , we will remember Billy as tremendous husband and father , a man devoted to family , charitable pursuits and his religion . He truly has left us with a lasting legacy . " Known as "  Buffalo Bill " for his strict diet of organic meat and vegetables that slimmed him down to a more athletic figure , Casper set about his golf career with the discipline he had learned in a four-year stint in the U.S. Navy . Recently , Casper recalled the evolution of enormous prizes for top golfers . "  The tour when I started in 1956 was for about $ 650,000 total purse for 40 tournaments , " he told CNN . "  It started growing in '58 and we grew along with it . It took  Arnold  Palmer about 12 years to become a millionaire . I was the second millionaire , and it took me 14 years . " By contrast , pro golfers these days can become instant millionaires by winning one event . "  It was really a different time of training and building one 's life , " Casper recalled . "  There was n't a lot of money available . You had to stay with it . " "  I approached golf tournaments the same way -- I was never worried about majors , I just wanted to play the best I could each week . I was n't like  Jack  Nicklaus -- he geared himself to winning majors and he played for the majors . I wanted to play every week . I always played for my family . " A devoted family man and devout Mormon , Casper said last year that he still had a "  close relationship " with the military . In the 1960s , he visited U.S. troops  "  hitting golf balls off aircraft carriers "  at bases in Vietnam , Thailand and Japan . In the past several years , Casper 's golf facility operations company has helped raise more than $ 1.1 million for the Wounded Warrior veterans project via the "  World 's Largest Golf Outing " event . "  Recently I gave a lecture and a gentleman came to me and asked how I 'd like to be remembered , " Casper said . "  I 'd never been asked that before , so I thought for a few seconds . And I said I want to be remembered that I had a great love for my fellow man . " CNN 's Gary Morley and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Golf great Billy Casper dies at 83 Casper 's resume included three major titles and 51 PGA Tour events He was known as "  Buffalo Bill " for his strict diet of organic meat and vegetables
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- As Iran extended the deadline Tuesday to file complaints about the disputed presidential election , one candidate lashed out at the hardline government while another went the opposite direction and withdrew his accusations . Opposition candidate Mehdi Karroubi , a reformist , has strongly criticized Iran 's state-controlled media . Opposition candidate Mehdi Karroubi strongly criticized Iran 's state-controlled media and supporters of hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , likening them to the Taliban in neighboring Afghanistan . Karroubi , in a letter addressed to the head of state-run radio and television , scolded Iranian media for blaming recent violence and chaos on the demonstrators who took to the streets after the results of what they believed were fraudulent elections on June 12 . The "  assaults , beatings and murder of innocent people " were committed by plain-clothed security forces , not by demonstrators as the Iranian media would like its audiences to believe , Karroubi said in an open letter addressed to Ezattollah Zarghami , which was posted on Karroubi 's Web site . "  You know well that those who support Mr. Ahmadinejad 's government today are promoters of fanatic and Taliban-like Islam , " Karroubi said . All of Iran 's media outlets are controlled by the government . Watch how Iranian TV is covering the crisis " CNN could not confirm the authenticity of Karroubi 's statement because international journalists have been restricted in covering events in Iran . Karroubi , a former Parliament speaker and a leading reformist candidate in 2005 , saw his support plunge from 15 percent he won that year to less than 1 percent in the June 12 election . Both he and Ahmadinejad 's chief rival , Mir Hossein Moussavi , have questioned the legitimacy of the vote count and called for the cancellation of the election . Iran extended the deadline for registering such complaints on Tuesday at the request of the powerful conservative Guardian Council , Iran 's government-funded Press TV reported Tuesday . The Guardian Council wrote to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei requesting the extension for candidates to register complaints , the semiofficial Fars News Agency reported . The supreme leader acceded to the request Tuesday night ; the new deadline is Sunday . But even as the deadline was extended , another candidate , Mohsen Rezaie , withdrew his earlier complaint about voting irregularities and demand for a recount of the ballots . In a letter addressed to the Guardian Council that was posted on Rezaie 's Web site Tuesday , the presidential candidate said he had intended to follow up his accusations . But , he said , as a "  selfless soldier for the Islamic republic , " he could not pursue his allegations given the "  critical " and "  pivotal " political and social conditions of the country . He said controlling the situation was more important than election results . CNN could not determine the authenticity of the posting . Watch impact of social media on Iranian protests " Officials declared incumbent Ahmadinejad the winner of the presidential election by a margin of 2 to 1 over his nearest rival , Moussavi , to the surprise of many who had expected the challenger to win . Moussavi accused the government of vote-rigging and demonstrators have been protesting the results for more than a week . A Facebook account in the name of former Iranian President Mohammad Khatami , a reformist , called for daily protests at markets across the nation , starting Tuesday . "  We shall bring our children along , and peacefully continue our protests . No sign boards , without wearing green  the color protesters have adopted  , we go towards the bazaar with the intention of shopping . However we will buy nothing and we go with the aim of closing down the bazaar . We shall leave no marks or traces behind ourselves , not even showing the victory sign with our hands , " says the post on the Facebook page , which CNN can not confirm is run by the former president . Watch how the election has become a civil rights movement " A message posted on Twitter said more than 10,000 people demonstrated in the eastern city of Tabriz , where Moussavi comes from . The Iranian government has put tight restrictions on CNN and other journalists , making it difficult to confirm reports such as the one from Tabriz . Pro-government militias were out on Tehran streets Tuesday , but many drivers put their hazard lights on as a sign of support for the protests , eyewitnesses told CNN . CNN is not naming them for security reasons . U.S. President Obama said Tuesday that Iran 's government must justify itself not in the eyes of the United States , but in the opinion of its own people . "  A sizable percentage of the Iranian people themselves ... consider this election illegitimate , " he said at a White House news conference . "  It is not too late for the Iranian government to recognize that there is a peaceful path that will lead to stability and prosperity , " he said . "  We hope they take it . " Shortly before he spoke , Iranian state-run media reported Ahmadinejad will be sworn in to a second term between July 26 and August 19 . The Iranian parliament 's board of directors said he will be sworn in and will present his new Cabinet to parliament during the three-and-a-half week period , government-funded Press TV reported , citing the official Islamic Republic News Agency  IRNA  . France on Tuesday blasted Iran 's "  brutal crackdown on the demonstrations , " its foreign ministry announced . The ministry summoned Iran 's ambassador to Paris "  and called for the immediate release of those arrested , as well as respect for the freedom of the press and communication and the right to demonstrate , " it said in a statement . It was the second time France has called the ambassador on the carpet since the election . Iran and the United Kingdom engaged in a round of tit-for-tat diplomatic expulsions as France was stating its position . Iran expelled two British diplomats Monday , and London responded by expelling two Iranian diplomats Tuesday , the Foreign Office in London told CNN . Watch as European governments step up criticism " Additionally , Iranian authorities have arrested a reporter for The Washington Times in Tehran , Iran 's semiofficial Fars News Agency said Tuesday . Greek Foreign Ministry spokesman Grigoris Delvakouras confirmed that Iason Athanasiadis was taken into custody by Iranian authorities late last week . Athens is in touch with the Iranian authorities , working to get him released , the spokesman said . Athanasiadis was traveling on a Greek passport , he added . "  We hope the situation will be resolved very soon , " Washington Times Executive Editor John Solomon said in a statement . It was unclear why the reporter was arrested , according to Fars , which cited Iran 's director of foreign news media , Mohsen Moghadaszadeh . Iran 's government has restricted international journalists from covering street rallies protesting the results of the election . On Sunday , the BBC said Iran had expelled Jon Leyne , its permanent correspondent in Tehran . Also on Sunday , a Canadian-Iranian working for Newsweek magazine in Tehran was "  detained without charge " by Iranian authorities , according to the magazine . And the Tehran bureau of the Dubai-based Arab satellite station Al-Arabiya was ordered closed , the station said . Watch a student protester make a plea for help to the world " According to Reporters Without Borders , 36 journalists have been arrested -- 26 of them Iranian -- since the presidential election while "  many others " are missing . Ahmadinejad was declared the winner of the race two hours after the deadline for voting , while some precincts were still open . Iran 's interior ministry has said that 85 percent of the country 's 46 million eligible voters cast ballots . Critics have argued such a large number of ballots could not have been hand-counted in such a short time . CNN 's Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	NEW : Mehdi Karroubi also likens Ahmadinejad supporters to Taliban NEW : Karroubi scolds media for blaming violence and chaos on demonstrators Mohsen Rezaie withdraws recount demand due to "  critical , " "  pivotal " conditions Iran extends deadline for complaints regarding June 12 election
CNN  -- Former Brazil international captain Socrates has died in a Sao Paolo hospital at the age of 57 following an intestinal infection . The cultured midfielder , who won 60 international caps and scored 22 goals for his country , was admitted to the Albert Einstein hospital on Friday after suffering from food poisoning and died early on Sunday morning after going into septic shock . Socrates had already been admitted to hospital twice in 2011 , in August and September , because of bleeding in his digestive tract . Despite not turning professional until he was 24 , Socrates starred for Brazil between 1979 and 1986 , playing in two World Cup finals tournaments in the process . However , he will always be associated with the brilliant 1982 Brazilian side , who are widely regarding as the greatest team to never win the World Cup . Socrates captained the 1982 side in Spain and was widely expected to lift the World Cup trophy . However , they were beaten 3-2 by Italy in the second group phase in one of football 's most iconic matches . He also played 297 matches , scoring 172 goals , in six years with Corinthians and the Brazilian side paid tribute to him on their official website . "  We can always be thankful for having witnessed one of the greatest ever footballers . "  Thank you for the beautiful goals , the graceful touches and the skilful football that only Socrates possessed . " Another former Corinthians and Brazil star Ronaldo also paid tribute to Socrates on his Twitter feed , saying : "  The day has begun in sad fashion . Rest in peace Dr. Socrates . "	Former Brazil international captain Socrates has died at the age of 57 Socrates captained his country in the 1982 World Cup finals in Spain The midfielder won 60 international caps and scored 22 goals
CNN  -- Naomi Sims , one of the world 's first black supermodels , has died at the age of 61 after a battle with breast cancer , according to her family . Naomi Sims became an icon of the "  Black is Beautiful " movement with her modeling . Alex Erwiah , her brother-in-law , said Sims died Saturday in Newark , New Jersey . Sims was a teenager from Oxford , Mississippi , when she broke fashion industry color barriers on New York runways in 1967 . She became an icon of the "  Black is Beautiful " movement after she appeared on the cover of Ladies ' Home Journal magazine in November 1968 . She later graced the covers of Time , Cosmopolitan , McCall 's , Life and many other magazines . Audrey Smaltz was a fashion editor at Ebony magazine when she became Sims ' friend . "  She demanded attention , " Smaltz said . "  She would walk into a room and people would come to a stop . People would go , ` Oh , my God , look at that person . ' " Essence : Images of Naomi Sims Smaltz said Sims ' success as a model "  started the whole whites accepting blacks , " paving the way for others , including Beverly Johnson . "  They had so many fabulous black models in the '70s , " Smaltz said . "  It was our heyday , and Naomi made that way for the rest of the girls to come along . " Sims quit modeling in 1973 , saying she was bored and disenchanted with the use of racial quotas in the fashion industry . "  If they use you , it 's because you 're Black , " she said in the biography posted on her personal Web site . Sims married in 1973 and soon gave birth to a son , Robert . She launched a successful wig collection targeted at African-American women in 1976 , followed by a cosmetics line in 1986 . Sims wrote several books focused on beauty , health and career advice for African-American women .	Naomi Sims was one of first black supermodels Sims was on notable cover of Ladies ' Home Journal in 1968 , many other magazines Sims paved way for others such as Beverly Johnson , a friend says
CNN  -- Favorite Wild Oats XI led going into the first night of the Rolex Sydney to Hobart yacht race after fellow super maxi Wild Thing was prevented from starting on Boxing Day by race officials . Wild Oats , last year 's line honors winner Ragamuffin Loyal , and Wild Thing were expected to dominate the 628-mile bluewater classic with hopes of a new race record in strong southerly winds . But race organizers , the Cruising Yacht Club of Australia  CYCA  , scratched Grant Wharington 's Wild Thing just three hours before the start , citing incomplete documentation . Wharington 's yacht had undergone modifications to extend it to 100 feet , but they fell foul of the rules , leaving an angry skipper to vent his feelings to the media . "  We are absolutely devastated to be told at the 11th hour that we are unable to race to Hobart , " a furious Wharington told AFP . "  We 're a bit stuck for words as to why it happened , the situation , we provided the documentation -- I 've got it in my hand . " Official Rolex Sydney-Hobart website But CYCA commodore Howard Piggott defended their decision , saying they had warned Wharington his paperwork did not prove the modifications met international standards . "  The race committee has no option but to not accept the entry of Wild Thing , " Piggott told the official race website . "  This is the final decision of the race committee that puts safety first , " he added . Last year 's race was also hit by a controversy after Investec Loyal  now renamed Ragamuffin Loyal  pipped Wild Oats XI for line honors in a dramatic finish in Tasmania . The winner had to survive a protest from the race committee which alleged one of its crew members had gleaned information from a TV helicopter crew about the sails being deployed by Wild Oats . Without Wild Thing , the 76-strong fleet made the usual spectacular exit from Sydney Harbor with Wild Oats establishing an early advantage . But hopes of breaking its own race record of one day , 18 hours , 40 minutes and 10 seconds set in 2005 appeared to be fading with Ragamuffin Loyal , skippered by 85-year-old Syd Fischer , in hot pursuit . Behind the super maxis , the rest of the fleet is battling for handicap honors , which take into account each yacht 's dimensions and sail area .	Five-time line honors winner Wild Oats XI leads Rolex Sydney-Hobart Wild Oats hoping to set race record for 628-mile bluewater classic Long-time rival Wild Thing disqualified before start Officials unhappy with modifications to the super-maxi
CNN  -- Just how impatient have air travelers become and how important is it for airlines to don the mink glove and gently stroke the backs of their necks every time they start getting fidgety ? For British Airways , apparently important enough to be the first European airline to relax restrictions on using cell phones and other electronic devices while planes are taxiing after landing . The airline has announced that starting July 1 , passengers will be able to text , make phone calls , check emails and play with other electronic devices as soon as arriving aircraft land and taxi off the runway . For passengers in Europe , the move means no more having to wait until the aircraft arrives at the terminal before shrieking "  Yeah , I 'm at the airport , we just landed ! " into their phones . As anyone who flies knows , many passengers ignore the rules on cell phone use after arrival and use their electronics anyway . But the new BA policy officially allows the practice . The policy will apply to BA flights around the world , not just the United Kingdom and Europe . "  Customers will no longer have the frustration of having to wait until their plane has arrived at the terminal building before being able to use their mobile phones and other hand held electronic devices , " an empathetic airline spokesperson says . "  Now they 'll have that extra time to phone ahead for that important business meeting , check their emails or make sure someone is there to meet them at the airport . " Still short of full phone privileges The news will no doubt come as welcome relief to all those troublemakers who stand up and start rummaging through the overhead bin as soon as the wheels scrape tarmac . The new policy might represent a minor breakthrough in the ongoing "  Why ca n't I use my phone on the plane ? " global whinge-fest , but it still does n't give passengers what they really want -- in-flight , in-your-face , full-on airborne phone privileges . Debate continues over electronic gadgets on planes . In the United States , using personal electronic devices below 10,000 feet is banned on most airlines . While many airlines now offer Wi-Fi access via portable electronic devices , cellular voice and data services on U.S. airlines fall under a federal government ban . There has n't been any conclusive proof that devices such as phones and e-readers are a danger . The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration has said it does n't know of any aviation accidents linked to interference from personal electronic devices , and it released a report this week saying it would consider easing restrictions on the use of electronic devices in flights . Its conclusions are due in September . In 2012 , Virgin Atlantic became the first British airline to permit calls on some flights . In-flight phone service seems inevitable . After that , if the airlines could just figure out a way to come around and clear away our empty food trays less than an hour after we 're done eating , we might be able to relax .	British Airways first European airline to allow phone usage after taxiing FAA in U.S. considering similar easing of restrictions So far no clear evidence electronics linked to aviation accidents
Washington  CNN  -- An engine problem forced passengers -- including U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg -- to evacuate a United Airlines flight at Dulles International Airport on Wednesday , officials said . Flight attendants shouted "  everyone get out " after passengers spotted smoke coming from the plane 's right engine and notified the crew , according to one passenger who was onboard . Passengers slid down the plane 's emergency slides onto the airport 's tarmac , officials said . "  I am shaking ... People were screaming , " passenger Jodi Gersh wrote in a Twitter post after evacuating . "  Attendants opened  the  rear door to see where smoke was coming from , " she wrote in another post . "  They then very loudly started yelling ` everyone get out . ' Very scary . " Ginsburg was on the flight and was not injured , a Supreme Court spokeswoman said . Passengers evacuated from the Boeing 757 onto the tarmac just after the aircraft left the gate , said Rob Yingling , a spokesman for the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority . There were 179 passengers and six crew members onboard , United spokesman Mike Trevino said . Yingling said an engine problem caused the evacuation . The Federal Aviation Administration said there was a report of a fire onboard . Trevino said the airline was investigating the incident , but did not confirm whether there had been an engine problem or a fire . Video from CNN affiliate WUSA showed firefighters at the scene . Flight 586 was scheduled to fly to San Francisco , Trevino said . Passengers will head to San Francisco on a different plane scheduled to leave Dulles later Wednesday , he said . Dulles is located in Chantilly , Virginia , about 25 miles from downtown Washington . CNN 's Lindy Royce-Bartlett , Bill Mears and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I am shaking ... People were screaming , " one passenger tweets Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was on the flight There were 179 passengers and six crew members onboard An engine problem caused the evacuation , an airport authority spokesman says
CNN  -- You can tell a lot about a person by the T-shirts they wear . Each T-shirt has a story to tell -- a story that , in some cases , can span decades . Where did they go to college ? What sports did they play in high school ? Do they run 5Ks or marathons ? I , myself , have a favorite T-shirt -- size medium . It 's navy blue , and I received it for attending a baseball camp when I was 11 . Attending that camp was one of the highlights of my youth . I wore that T-shirt more than I should have . In high school , I would wear it underneath my soccer and baseball jerseys . In college , it served as my personal pick-up basketball uniform . I still have that T-shirt . Today , it 's resting safely in a drawer at home . The sleeves are missing , and it 's a tad tight , but I still have the tee and everything it represents . To me , it stands for countless hours of hard work and sweat . It stands for my love of sports that was second to none . What would I find if I were to go through your stack of T-shirts ? What T-shirts would you be proud of ? Which ones would define you ? Getting fit for the family I love As you know , my goal is to complete the Nautica Malibu Triathlon in September with my fellow Fit Nation teammates . At the end of the race we will undoubtedly be handed an official race T-shirt .  Last year 's T-shirt was black and looked really cool . Now , I 'm not implying that I am running the race solely to inherit another T-shirt , but it will surely be a great reminder of the experience . Needless to say , the T-shirt will be one that I cherish . When I die , I want the people packing up my belongings to find my collection of old T-shirts . Hopefully , after sifting through the stacks , they 'll find my 2013 Malibu triathlon shirt and wonder , "  How did he get this ? Did he really run a triathlon ? " If only they knew . If only they knew about the hard work that went into earning that T-shirt . That T-shirt will have a story to tell , too . One that began on a cold day in January 2013 , and hopefully , one that will never end . Do you have a favorite T-shirt you 'll never give away ? Share a photo of it on iReport or Instagram using the hashtag #TshirtTales .	Douglas Mogle is training for the Nautica Malibu Triathlon with CNN Fit Nation An old baseball T-shirt reminds Mogle that he has an inner athlete waiting to appear What 's in your drawer ? Share a favorite T-shirt on Instagram using hashtag #TshirtTales
CNN  -- A 4.2-magnitude earthquake struck near Guthrie , Oklahoma , at 7:41 a.m. CT  8:41 a.m. ET  Tuesday , the U.S. Geological Survey said . Some posted on social media about being awakened by the temblor . "  I just went surfing in bed , " tweeted Shelley Leveridge . Someone in a shop in Edmond posted : "  That was definitely the biggest one felt here at the store . #earthquake shook every bottle on the shelf . " It 's highly unlikely there was damage from the quake , said Austin Holland , a research seismologist with the Oklahoma Geological Survey . Damage and injury are far more likely with quakes that register 4.0 and higher , the USGS reports . But the temblor stands out from others that have happened in the state because many people appear to have felt it , Holland said . The USGS received more than 500 responses to the "  Did you feel it ? " section on its site , and the state survey received at least 200 reports from Oklahomans , he said . In the past few years , earthquakes have become common in the state . In June , Oklahoma surpassed California in the number of temblors . An increase began in 2009 , when 20 quakes of 3.0 magnitude or higher occurred , followed by 43 the next year and increasing every year except for 2012 . Just last Sunday , nine earthquakes were recorded , including two that were 3.8 magnitude . "  When they first started happening they were a big deal , " said Althea Peterson , a reporter with Tulsa World who has written about so many earthquakes , it 's practically become a beat for her . "  People are starting to see foundational damage , cracking around door frames , " she told CNN on Tuesday . In Tulsa , the quakes are felt , but barely , like a low rumble . "  It 's nothing I ever expected in Oklahoma , " she said . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes Fast facts on earthquakes	NEW : Damage from the quake , which hit near Guthrie , is unlikely , a seismologist says Earthquakes have become common in Oklahoma On Sunday , nine quakes were recorded
SRINAGAR , Indian-controlled Kashmir  CNN  -- Anti-election demonstrators threw stones at two polling stations and clashed with Indian security forces Sunday as voters stood in long lines in Indian-controlled Kashmir to cast ballots in the second stage of state elections . An Indian Border Security Forces soldier watches as voters in Indian-controlled Kashmir wait to vote Sunday . The protesters yelled pro-independence and anti-poll slogans and threw stones at polling stations in two villages in the Ganderbal constituency , police said . Police used batons to restore order , but no one was injured , police said . People demonstrated in two other villages , Duderhama and Beehama in Ganderbal constituency -- one of six constituencies voting Sunday in the second of seven stages in the state assembly elections . The elections began after months of violent protests by anti-Indian groups , fearful state elections will firm up Indian control of the Muslim majority Himalayan state , and by Indian nationalists , fearful that separatist groups will gain control . Kashmir , divided between India and Pakistan and claimed by both , has been wracked by an 18-year bloody separatist campaign that authorities say has left at least 43,000 dead . Sunday 's protests came a day after Indian paramilitary forces , according to authorities , gunned down two youths , one of them a high school student apparently taking part in an anti-India demonstration . Police Saturday fired on protesters in the town of Baramulla , killing 10th-grader Manzoor Ahmad Kumar , a senior police officer told CNN . Hundreds of protesters followed Kumar 's body into the "  Old Town " area of Baramulla , where demonstrators clashed with police . Protesters threw stones at a candidate 's escort vehicles , the office said . Indian authorities deployed heavy paramilitary and police reinforcements to maintain order . Six protesters were injured in the fighting , police said . A police official said paramilitary forces in the Baramulla 's Old Town area Saturday , shot and killed a second youth , Tanvir Ahmad Sheikh . Elsewhere Sunday , voting continued without incident . In Kangan constituency , voting picked up in the late morning and afternoon , and there and in Ganderbal , voters -- including many women -- lined up to cast their votes . Indian poll officials said the turnout was about 65 percent of eligible voters . Heavy security was also deployed in Srinagar , the summer capital of Indian-administered Kashmir . Indian paramilitary troopers carried automatic weapons and blocked roads with barricades and coils of razor wire there and in other towns . The first phase of elections was held November 17 and the third will be held November 30 .	Anti-election demonstrators , Indian security forces clash during state elections Police say they used batons to restore order , and no one was injured Authorities : Protests come a day after Indian paramilitary forces killed two youths Voting was second stage of seven-stage election in Indian-controlled Kashmir
CNN  -- Deportivo Coruna goalkeepers Dudu Aouate and Gustavo Munua have been left out of the squad for the match at Villarreal after being involved in a fight during a training session on Friday . Aouate needed six stitches in his face after being punched by Munua . Radio Marca reported that Israel 's Aouate had six stitches in his face after being punched by his Uruguayan counterpart in the dressing room . "  Following Friday morning 's incident club president Augusto Cesar Lendoiro and coach Miguel Angel Lotina and his staff have decided not to use Aouate and Munua for the Villarreal game , " the club said on its Web site . Deportivo officials will have discussions with the two players to discuss the incident , which took place one day after Aouate complained about being dropped as the club 's first-choice keeper . "  I 'm hurt because I do n't think this was a fair decision . Deportivo 's problem has never been its goalkeeping , " he told reporters . Aouate , 30 , was replaced by Munua , 29 , as the club 's number one goalkeeper after Deportivo 's 2-1 league defeat at home against Osasuna lat month . He had been first choice since arriving from Racing in 2006 . Reserve teamers Fabri or Manu will be called up for Sunday 's match against Villarreal . E-mail to a friend	Deportivo Coruna goalkeepers Dudu Aouate and Gustavo Munua are dropped The pair were involved in a fight after training on Friday Aouate needed six stitches in his face after the incident
CNN  -- With each day , the hunt for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 becomes one of the most baffling mysteries of the modern era , but history offers many great quests in which mankind searched for something or someone lost . These are epic searches , based on legend or fact , ending successfully , tragically , or sometimes not at all : The Holy Grail There are many great biblical searches : Noah 's Ark. . The Ark of the Covenant . The Garden of Eden . But there 's nothing like the Holy Grail . Indeed , it 's a metaphor for any monumental search . It 's not clear what the Grail exactly was , but it 's said to be the shallow cup from Jesus Christ 's Last Supper and from his crucifixion , where the vessel took blood flowing from his side . Some believe Joseph of Arimathea brought the Grail to Britain , where it lies hidden . Not even legendary King Arthur and his knights could find it , though their crusade inspired lore and romance . The Titanic RMS Titanic was a British luxury passenger ship that sank in 1912 during its maiden voyage from Southampton , England , to New York City . The ocean liner was touted as "  unsinkable " -- until it met an iceberg in the North Atlantic around midnight on April 14-15 , 1912 . About 1,500 of the more than 2,200 people aboard the Titanic died . For decades , the ship was considered forever lost at the bottom of the ocean -- until 1985 , when scientists found the wreckage on the seabed . Its story inspired director James Cameron to make the Hollywood tragic love tale "  Titanic " in 1997 . Air France 447 A long search for a commercial airliner like Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is n't unprecedented . In 2009 , Air France Flight 447 plunged into the South Atlantic Ocean during a storm , killing all 228 people aboard . The precise location of the wreckage remained a mystery for almost two years . Then the plane and its dead were found in a mountain range deep on the ocean floor . Miniature submersible vehicles retrieved the Flight 447 's voice and flight data recorders . That allowed investigators to blame the crash on a series of errors by the pilots and a failure to react effectively to technical problems . Nine aviation mysteries highlight long history of plane disappearances Jimmy Hoffa The disappearance of Teamsters leader James Riddle Hoffa remains a subject of relentless speculation and macabre jokes . He vanished on July 30 , 1975 , after he stood outside the Machus Red Fox restaurant in Michigan and made a phone call . He was never heard from again . His name makes news anytime FBI agents and police are seen holding shovels . Lore holds that Hoffa was killed and buried . But where ? Amelia Earhart The swashbuckling aviatrix and pioneering woman embarked on the first around-the-world flight at the Equator in June 1937 . After completing about two-thirds of the flight , she and navigator Frederick Noonan disappeared after their plane took off from Lae , New Guinea . They were heading to the Pacific Ocean outpost of Howland Island -- a distance equaling a transcontinental U.S. flight . A search never found any trace of her , Noonan or their plane . Some believe they ran out of fuel and crashed into the sea -- similar to one theory of what happened to the Malaysia Airlines plane . Atlantis In the fourth century B.C. , the philosopher Plato spoke of an ancient utopia that existed 9,000 years before , a place called Atlantis . Made of concentric islands rich with gold , silver and exotic life , Atlantis descended into depravity , Plato said , until earthquakes and tsunamis ultimately destroyed it . Over time , thinkers and writers began trying to place Atlantis in real countries and lands , even America . At a minimum , Atlantis lives on in the imagination , thanks to one of Western civilization 's greatest philosophers . Seven cities of gold It 's one thing to imagine of a paradise like Atlantis . It 's quite another to actually voyage into a strange new world in search of one . That 's what the Spanish explorers did in the 1500s , driven by a tall tale told by natives of how the New World held seven cities of gold . In their lust for wealth , the Spaniards traveled through modern Florida , Texas and Mexico in search of Cibola . When they arrived in Kansas , they finally quit . They never found the seven lost cities of gold . Tomb of Cleopatra and Mark Antony Cleopatra , the great queen of Egypt , died in 30 B.C. and was buried with her lover , Mark Antony . The couple 's great passion has been captured in theater and film , thanks to Shakespeare on stage and Elizabeth Taylor in film . But for some adventurers , that 's not enough . In 2009 , flamboyant archeologist Zahi Hawass of Egypt and his colleagues began a new search for Cleopatra 's tomb -- "  in hopes of removing some of the great mystery that hangs thick around this famous queen , " Hawass wrote in National Geographic . "  Many have searched for the tomb of Alexander the Great , but no one had searched for that missing piece of ancient Egypt 's story -- the tomb of Cleopatra , who took her own life rather than surrender her homeland to the Romans , " Hawass wrote . "  It occurred to me that we had before us an opportunity to recover the last page in the book of ancient Egyptian civilization , an opportunity we could not pass by . " So far , he 's had no luck . Then again , no one has found the tomb of Alexander the Great , either . Bermuda Triangle Many ships , planes and people have disappeared in the Bermuda Triangle , a section of the Atlantic Ocean in a "  triangle " marked by the points of Bermuda , Miami and San Juan , Puerto Rico . Speculation runs wild on what caused the boats and aircraft to vanish . Sound familiar ? The disappearance of Flight 370 has nothing on the Bermuda Triangle . Some even blame the triangle disasters on supernatural forces , including influences from lost Atlantis or another time-space dimension . The U.S. government devotes a Web page to the Bermuda Triangle and rebuts fringe theories . U.S. officials cite hurricanes , sudden storms , the powerful Gulf Stream and shallow Caribbean waters as reasonable explanations for the lost vessels . "  The U.S. Navy and U.S. Coast Guard contend that there are no supernatural explanations for disasters at sea . Their experience suggests that the combined forces of nature and human fallibility outdo even the most incredulous science fiction , " the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says on its website . "  The ocean has always been a mysterious place to humans , and when foul weather or poor navigation is involved , it can be a very deadly place . This is true all over the world . " By the way , no official mapping exists for triangle 's boundaries , NOAA says . Life out there Call them aliens . Call them extraterrestrials . Call them what you want . But let 's face it : Do n't we all wonder what 's out there , especially when we launch spacecraft to another planet ? Sure , astronomers study the heavens and find new planets , but what we 're privately searching for is whether we are alone . Among the organizations advancing this pursuit is the Carl Sagan Center for the Study of Life in the Universe , named after the late American astronomer who championed exploration of the cosmos . "  The significance of a finding that there are other beings who share this universe with us would be absolutely phenomenal , it would be an epochal event in human history , " Sagan once declared .	The hunt for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 conjures up other great searches by mankind The Holy Grail , never found , is a metaphor for all monumental quests The ocean searches for the Titanic , Air France 447 ended with success Is our greatest search the one to know whether we are alone ?
CNN  -- Elaine Dang pretended to be dead , and maybe because she did , she is alive to tell her story . She survived last month 's terror attack at Nairobi 's Westgate mall . At least 67 people were killed during the four-day siege . Amid the chaos , Dang , 26 , an American expat , said she managed to keep her wits . "  In my head I was thinking , like there needs to be an answer to this . So for me , it was like , this is not it . I need to keep on thinking and find a way out , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper during an interview that aired Wednesday night . "  I said , this can not be it . " Dang was at a children 's cooking competition when militants stormed the mall on September 21 . She heard screaming and what sounded like distant booms . One of the presenters from the competition told everyone to run to the parking lot . At first , Dang followed , but then she stopped . "  My instinct said , do n't go with the crowd , move away from the crowd because the crowd is going to be the most vulnerable place . And so I actually moved away and hid behind one of the silver kitchen counters , " she said . Kenya identifies mall attackers , including American Dang fell on top of a woman and then people fell on top of her . The shooting continued . At one point , the woman screamed , "  I 've been shot ! " and blood flowed onto the floor . At another point , Dang saw a friend stand up and raise his arms , as if to surrender . She readied herself to do the same . But before Dang could stand up , another woman did . That woman was shot . Dang stayed down . How you can help Elaine 's recovery After a gas canister blew up , she ran to another counter where a couple was hiding . Both the man and his wife had been shot . Dang thought she had been too , though later she found out she was struck by shrapnel . "  I remember her looking at me and saying , ` Are we going to die ? ' It was actually the first time when I was thinking to myself , I think we are . And I told her , ' I think we are going to , ' " Dang said . Thoughts of her family -- her brother , sister and mother -- raced through her head . She laid still and pretended to be dead . After a while , a man walked by and told Dang that people were going downstairs . She followed them to a lobby area , where the doors were open and people were running out . "  I do n't hear gunshots so I 'm thinking this is safe . So I start going , " Dang said . Moments immediately after that were captured by photographers and broadcast around the world . In the images , Dang is seen dazed , holding a phone , with blood streaked across her face . "  I talk about it , like , sometimes like I 'm very removed from the situation , but when I see the photograph and other photos of victims or people that I knew , that 's when I realize I was there , " she told Cooper , her voice breaking with emotion . In spite of the attack , Dang said that she still considers Kenya her second home and hopes to go back . The University of California , Berkeley , graduate worked as the general manager for Eat Out Kenya . "  If anything it 's increased the love that I have for the country , " she said . It 's not over , Somali terrorists say after mall attack Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Elaine Dang was at Nairobi 's Westgate mall during last month 's terror attack She was injured ; at least 67 people were killed Dang moved away from the crowd , pretended to be dead She says the attack strengthened her love for Kenya
James Brady , a former White House press secretary who was severely wounded in the 1981 assassination attempt on President Ronald Reagan and later became a prominent gun-control advocate , has died . Brady died at 73 after a series of health issues , his family said in a statement on Monday . "  Over the years , Jim inspired so many people as he turned adversity into accomplishment , " the statement said . Brady was one of four people hurt in Reagan 's shooting by John Hinckley outside a Washington hotel . Suffering a head wound , it was erroneously reported at one point that Brady had died . He was , however , left partially paralyzed and confined to a wheelchair for the rest of his life . Reagan , severely wounded as well , also survived the attack and served two terms as President . Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the shooting and has spent the ensuing years in a psychiatric hospital . After leaving the White House , Brady launched the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , which pushes for stricter firearms laws . He inspired the Brady Bill , which was fiercely fought over for years before Congress approved it and President Bill Clinton signed it into law in 1993 . It requires background checks for gun purchases . Opinion : The man who made people talk about guns President Barack Obama praised Brady 's legacy . "  Jim is a legend at the White House for his warmth and professionalism as press secretary for President Reagan ; for the strength he brought to bear in recovering from the shooting that nearly killed him 33 years ago ; and for turning the events of that terrible afternoon into a remarkable legacy of service , " Obama said in a statement . The Brady Campaign also acknowledged his death in a tweet : "  We are heartbroken over James Brady 's passing . We offer our deepest condolences to his wife , Sarah , and their family . " Opinion : Congress , finish the job on Brady background checks Brady was a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian award . The White House press briefing room also was named in his honor . Marlin Fitzwater , Reagan 's longest-serving press secretary , remembered Brady as an enormous talent . "  He knew how information flowed in the city of Washington and he had a great sense of humor that the press liked and respected , " Fitzwater told CNN . "  He is a remarkable guy who will be remembered well by everyone who knew him . " Brady 's gun activism included lending a hand to other organizations with similar goals . He and his wife , Sarah , appeared in a 2011 ad for the group Americans for Responsible Solutions , an organization formed by former congresswoman Gabrielle Gifford 's and her husband , Mark Kelly , after she was shot and severely wounded at a campaign event in Arizona . Former first lady Nancy Reagan said Brady was a wise counselor whose judgment her husband trusted . "  Jim was the personification of courage and perseverance . He and Sarah never gave up , and never stopped caring about the causes in which they believed , " she said in a statement . James Brady on gun control and mental illness Remembering Reagan assassination attempt Opinion : James Brady : The warrior , the hero , the ` Bear ' People we 've lost in 2014	James Brady was seriously wounded in the 1981 attempt on Ronald Reagan 's life He became one of the most prominent gun-control advocates Brady inspired a law named for him that requires background checks on gun purchases He made an ad for gun-control advocate Gabby Giffords , also wounded in a shooting
CNN  There is only one likely outcome for Baghdad 's current military offensive to reclaim Tikrit : defeat for ISIS . The campaign to restore central government authority over the restive Salahudin province is seen as both symbolic and strategic for Baghdad which has invested too much already for it to afford losing this battle . ISIS are said to have booby-trapped much of the city in an attempt to slow down the government assault . However , the task at hand has been made easier for Baghdad given that most civilians in Tikrit have already fled -- both to Kurdistan in the north as well as south to Baghdad -- leaving behind mostly ISIS jihadists who defend the city , according to Iraqi constitutional specialist Zaid al-Ali , who is from the city . Initial reports of the multi-pronged attack on Tikrit have been encouraging . Iraqi forces have already cleared a number of areas on the outskirts and are expected to continue advancing towards the city center as both heavy artillery and helicopter gunships pound ISIS militants who have taken up defensive positions . Another crucial element for the success of this battle will be the varied make-up of the groups involved in the fight . The joint Iraqi forces fighting to retake Tikrit include Iraqi troops , members of the mainly Shia Hashd al-Shabi paramilitary force , members of the Sunni Sons of Salahuddin brigades , and other Sunni tribal fighters . The offensive involves around 30,000 fighters in all . Although the campaign is Iraqi-led , help from outside is also going to play an important role . Though the United States has not conducted any airstrikes in this campaign yet , this may well change as the battle develops . Iran , in stark contrast to the U.S. , provided Iraq with immediate and much-needed military assistance when the security crisis escalated last June . The Iranians are heavily invested in this current campaign and are also not going to let the Iraqis lose . Unlike in Syria , the Americans and Iranians both share a common enemy and a common friend in Iraq , but due to wider political considerations neither Washington nor Tehran will admit that there is any form of tacit cooperation in Iraq . However , the campaign for Tikrit is just another front where such cooperation is likely to be already happening behind the scenes . Baghdad will make use of U.S. intelligence that will almost certainly be shared with the Iranian officers who are advising the Iraqi army . General Qasim Suleimani , the commander of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Quds Force , who has played a key role in the fight against ISIS , was reported to be near Tikrit just hours after the military campaign was officially launched . Iran provides military advice , support and weapons not just through the central government in Baghdad but also directly to a number of increasingly powerful Shia militia groups that now operate under the state-sponsored paramilitary committee , the Hashd Al-Shabi , known as the "  Popular Mobilization Units . " The two key Iraqi leaders of this paramilitary command , Hadi al-Ameri and Abu Mehdi al-Mohandis , were also pictured together with General Fadhil Barwari , the commander of Iraq 's elite Special Operation Forces . Though there are few civilians left in Tikrit , all eyes will be on the Iraqi security forces -- and especially the Shia militias -- to see if abuses are carried out once the enemy is routed . Prime Minister Abadi already warned the anti-ISIS fighters to protect civilians and properties in the area and also gave the "  misled " ISIS militants a last chance to lay down their arms before the troops made their advance . The battle is an especially emotional one for the Shia soldiers and fighters as Tikrit is the site of the Camp Speicher massacre last June , where 1,700 Shia soldiers were captured , separated from their Sunni comrades and then summarily executed in an atrocity that was documented by ISIS as a powerful propaganda film . However , it is encouraging that both Shia and Sunni fighters are supporting the army in its effort to defeat ISIS . The cooperation between Shia and Sunni fighters will be crucial not just in the ongoing offensive in Tikrit but will also set the stage for further cooperation in the strategic campaign to recapture Mosul . Politically , these groups may not see eye-to-eye and of course there remain deep ethno-sectarian tensions in Iraq and beyond , but regardless of these differences they all view ISIS as a common threat and enemy that must be defeated . To be sure , the Sunni tribesmen involved in this campaign are more anti-ISIS than they are pro-government , but that they can work with the pro-government Shia militias is both good news and good progress for a country believed to be ripping itself apart along ethno-sectarian lines .	Likely outcome for Baghdad 's current offensive to reclaim Tikrit is defeat for ISIS , writes Hayder al-Khoei Al-Khoei : Crucial element for success will be varied make-up of the groups involved in the fight Both Shia and Sunni groups view ISIS as a common threat and enemy that must be defeated , he adds
CNN  -- California Gov. Jerry Brown is considering whether to grant parole to a convicted murderer who followed notorious killer Charles Manson , a spokeswoman for the governor said . Brown 's office received a formal recommendation from the state board parole Friday to release Bruce Davis , 70 , who would be the first Manson "  family " member to secure freedom solely for good behavior . Brown has 30 days -- or until March 3 -- to either modify , affirm or reverse the parole board 's recommendation , a corrections spokeswoman said . In 2010 , Davis secured his first formal recommendation for parole by the state board , but then-Gov . Arnold Schwarzenegger reversed the board 's decision . Davis was sent to prison on April 21 , 1972 , for the 1969 first-degree murders of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald "  Shorty " Shea . Davis is serving a life sentence . Judge declines to reverse order giving Manson follower tapes to police Michael Beckman , Davis ' attorney , urged Brown to grant parole . If the case were not connected to Charles Manson , Davis would have already been released by now , Beckman said . He called it "  not fair . " "  He earned it , " Beckman said . "  I think the governor should respect the work by his parole board . That hearing took five or six hours . They took into account everything about Bruce . And they did n't grant him parole as a favor . They did n't grant him parole on a whim . They considered it very carefully , " Beckman said . Two men relate to same haunting specter -- Charles Manson In 2010 , the parole board said that Davis had not been disciplined since 1980 and participated in all available education , vocation and self-help programs . Davis is one of several imprisoned followers of Manson , 78 , who is serving a life sentence for nine murders . Manson led his "  family " of followers in a deadly spree in 1969 , whose victims included eight-months-pregnant actress Sharon Tate . Last year , Manson was denied parole for the 12th time . Manson , whose gruesome killings inspired the best-selling book "  Helter Skelter , " will be up for parole again 15 years from now , when he would be 92 . CNN 's Michael Cary contributed to this report .	"  He earned it , " defense attorney says of recommendation California parole board formally recommends parole for Bruce Davis , 70 Governor must modify , affirm or reverse the recommendation in 30 days Davis is serving a life sentence for 1969 first-degree murders of two men
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Hundreds of Islamist militants were among the prisoners freed from a notorious Tripoli prison this week , according to a former Libyan jihadist . The freed militants had been imprisoned in Tripoli 's Abu Salim prison by Moammar Gadhafi 's regime during the height of the insurgency in Iraq , according to Noman Benotman , once a senior figure in the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group . Benotman said he believes as many as 600 militants may have been among the prison population at Abu Salim . It 's not known how many prisoners were held in the vast facility . Human Rights Watch said Gadhafi 's prisons "  have been filled to the limit in the last few months with thousands of people who were arrested for taking part in the anti-Gadhafi protests , or because of their suspected support for Libya 's democratic opposition . " The human rights group , which recently had a team visit the prison , estimates that before the uprising , there were a few hundred Islamists held at Abu Salim . Benotman said many of the militants released are pro-al Qaeda . "  Nobody knows what these released prisoners are going to do next , " he said . "  Will they take part in the fighting and if they do will they join pre-existing rebel brigades or form a separate fighting force ? " Benotman , now a senior analyst at the Quilliam Foundation in London , said the freed prisoners are Salafists , embracing a puritanical interpretation of Islam that has gained ground in Libya in recent years . Gadhafi 's regime imprisoned thousands of suspected pro-al Qaeda militants after the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq stoked radicalization in Libya , especially in its impoverished eastern provinces . According to Benotman , those rounded up by the regime included militants who had tried to travel to Iraq and some who had returned from fighting against U.S. forces there . He said many of them had already been released by the Gadhafi regime . Internal al Qaeda in Iraq records seized by the U.S. military in 2007 indicated that proportionately more Libyans traveled to fight with al Qaeda in Iraq than from any other Arab country . Some saw fighting in Iraq as a "  a last act of defiance against the Gadhafi regime , " according to a confidential 2008 State Department cable made public by the website WikiLeaks , because of the rapprochement at the time between Gadhafi and the United States . Wednesday 's prison release , which occurred as rebel forces took control of the Abu Salim area of Tripoli , comes as Islamists are taking on an increasingly prominent role in the fight against the Gadhafi regime -- to the concern of some in the West . Former members of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group  LIFG  have assumed leadership positions in several rebel brigades , according to Benotman . Their current prominence , he said , was due to their quick mobilization -- as armed opposition replaced peaceful protests in Libya -- and their valued military skills . The former leader of the LIFG , Abdullah al Sadeeq , now commands one of the most powerful rebel brigades in Tripoli , according to Benotman and , according to reports , took charge of successful rebel efforts earlier this week to storm Gadhafi 's Bab al-Aziziya compound , further bolstering his prominent position in rebel ranks . Sadeeq was a well-known figure in the jihadist movement . He fought the Soviet-backed government in Afghanistan and helped found the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group there . In the mid-1990s the LIFG conducted a deadly campaign of attacks on Libyan security services , before a crackdown largely constrained the group 's ability to operate inside the country . After the fall of the Taliban , Sadeeq fled Afghanistan to Iran and was eventually arrested in Hong Kong in 2004 . According to Benotman , he was then held and interrogated by the CIA before being transferred to Libya where he was held in Abu Salim prison until his release in March 2010 . But Sadeeq has now become a powerful voice against al Qaeda 's terrorism , according to Benotman , who says that Sadeeq always resisted requests by Osama bin Laden for his Libyan group to join forces with al Qaeda . In 2009 , Sadeeq and other senior LIFG leaders formally repudiated al Qaeda style terrorism and disbanded their campaign to overthrow the Libyan regime . The breakthrough was the result of a two-year dialogue with the regime brokered by Benotman . CNN interviewed leading figures of the LIFG in Abu Salim prison in Tripoli in September 2009 , shortly before the group 's leaders were released . Although they were then behind prison bars , the leaders ' disavowal of violence appeared genuine . Benotman says that former LIFG members who have again taken up arms have fused their efforts with rebel forces and do not operate as a separate armed group . Instead they have created a new political organization called the Islamic Movement for Change , which Benotman says is committed to working within a future democratic process . He says other Islamist units are operating in Libya but does not know of any former members of his group who are fighting with them . Benotman says that it will be important for the National Transitional Council to keep a close watch over the militants released from Abu Salim jail -- especially if they begin operating as a group outside the NTC chain of command . According to Benotman , the presence of former LIFG leaders in rebel ranks like Abdullah Sadeeq may help prevent this happening . LIFG members and the younger generation of Salafi jihadists were often incarcerated in the same wing of Abu Salim prison . Benotman believes the presence of former LIFG commanders in rebel front lines will enhance their credibility amongst the released prisoners . But he says some among the younger generation of jihadists have already begun operating outside the orbit of the NTC . In the east , where radicalization has historically run highest , young Salafi jihadists have linked up with foreign militants and may even have started their own training camps to train volunteers to fight the Gadhafi regime , according to Benotman . A number of jihadists , he says , have entered Libya from other Arab countries . In June , the NTC detained two suspected Jordanian jihadists in al-Brega in eastern Libya and expelled them , according to Benotman . Neighboring Algeria , which waged a long battle against Islamist insurgents in the 1990s , has already expressed concern about the instability in Libya being exploited by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and other jihadist groups . Algerian officials are also concerned that weapons such as ground-to-air missiles may have fallen into militant hands , a worry that has also been expressed by U.S. commanders .	"  This is potentially a very dangerous development , " a former Libyan jihadist tells CNN Moammar Gadhafi 's regime imprisoned thousands of suspected pro-al Qaeda militants The former jihadist says the prisoners embrace a puritanical interpretation of Islam
CNN  -- Police on Tuesday scoured the area in Detroit where Bianca Jones was last reported seen , searching for any signs of the missing 2-year-old girl . Bianca was reportedly traveling with her father in a 2004 silver Mercury Grand Marquis on Friday when they were carjacked , said Sgt. Eren Stephens , a spokeswoman with Detroit police . "  The suspect took off in the car with her in it , " she said , citing what the father told authorities . The vehicle was subsequently recovered , but the girl remains missing . However , Detroit Police Chief Ralph Godbee Jr. said in a statement over the weekend that the "  authenticity and credibility of the original version of events is under intense scrutiny by our investigative team , " seeming to suggest that police do not believe what the father told them happened . "  At this time , we 're looking at everything , " Stephens said . Bianca is described as African-American , 2 feet , 5 inches tall , 25 pounds , with brown hair and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing a pink dress , pink tights , pink shoes and a purple coat , according to an Amber Alert issued last week by the Michigan State Police . Her father , D'Andre Lane , spoke to HLN 's Nancy Grace on Tuesday night , begging whoever took his daughter to bring her back . "  I do n't care about anything else that 's going on right now but my daughter 's safe return home to her family , " he said . "  I just want my daughter back home . " Lane appeared alongside his attorney , Terry L. Johnson , who said his client gave police permission to enter his home and has fully cooperated in the investigation . Stephens declined to say whether police have searched Lane 's house . "  My daughter is a beautiful little girl . She has a bright personality . She 's the type of person that lights up a room when she walks in it . She 's very intelligent , " Lane told HLN 's Grace . "  She 's just a wonderful little girl to be around . " About 150 volunteers turned out on Monday to help look for Bianca , said Stephens , who also declined to comment on whether they or police had found anything useful . She urged anyone with information on the possible whereabouts of the little girl to contact Detroit police .	NEW : The father of the missing girl describes his daughter as beautiful , bright and intelligent NEW : "  I just want my daughter back home , " D'Andre Lane tells HLN 's Nancy Grace Bianca Jones ' father says she was in his car when it was carjacked She was last seen wearing a pink dress , pink tights , pink shoes and a purple coat
CNN  -- The major portion of the area Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is attempting to control for the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is the same place I called home for 16 months of my life . Commanding Multinational Division North during the "  surge " in 2007-08 -- a command that required securing four of the five provinces ISIS now desires to occupy -- allowed me to study the geographic , cultural , infrastructure and political and economic complexities of northern Iraq . Anyone who supports fighting Baghdadi 's ISIS in this area ought to be aware of the challenges the land and the people will present . During our time there , we countered Iraqi insurgents , elements of al Qaeda in Iraq , homegrown terrorist groups like the 1920s Brigade , Nashqabandia , Ansar Al Sunna and a variety of other gang-like organizations . During that time , I had more than 30,000 U.S. forces and a significant U.S. Air Force support element contributing to our operations . We also coordinated with an emerging Iraqi army  five divisions , 60,000 men in our area  , Iraqi police force  about 40,000 men and a few hundred women in the various cities in the region  and a small and uncommitted Iraqi air force , with pilots training in helicopters and prop planes . The most important thing I learned is how tough it is to fight a determined enemy there . Another takeaway : To succeed , the government of Iraq must want to provide security in the area more than the United States does . The four Arab provinces in the area between Baghdad and the borders with Turkey and Syria are about the size of our states of Maryland , Connecticut , Vermont and New Jersey . Ninewa -- with Mosul as the capital city -- shares a 175-mile border with Syria ; Ninewa and two other provinces have a 400-mile border with the three Kurdish provinces  also a part of Iraq but viewed by most within their borders as the autonomous Kurdish Regional Government  . The Kurdish provinces , in turn , share a 200-mile border with Turkey and a 300-mile border with Iran . Four major rivers  Tigris , Euphrates , Diyala and Zaab  and two major mountain ranges  the now-famous Sinjar and the lesser-known but more mountainous Hamrins  break the landscape , which is mostly desert , palm groves and irrigation canals . There are 10 major cities  five of which are among Iraq 's top nine in population  , dozens of smaller towns and hundreds of mud-hut villages . More than 11 million people make northern Iraq their home ; I would suggest that over 90 % do not want ISIS in control . The land is diverse , and the culture is exceedingly complex . Though I studied this area for months prior to the deployment and then lived , traveled and interacted with the people in the area for over a year and a half , I still had difficulties understanding many cultural dynamics -- even with the advantage of State Department professionals , intelligence analysts from top three-letter agencies and cultural subject matter experts from universities and think tanks at my disposal . It will take more than just wanting to beat ISIS to win in this area . Tribes are critical in Iraq , and in the north , there are seven major tribal confederations and over 100 subtribes . While many believe the north is Sunni Arab territory , I found that while many tribes were indeed Sunni , a slightly smaller number were Sunni-Shiite mix , and some were exclusively Shiite . One tribal confederation -- the Shammars -- is on both sides of the Iraq/Syria border , they have subtribes that are Sunni and Shiite , and their members roam freely across this national boundary with more allegiance to tribal law than to government of Iraq authority . When we were in northern Iraq , we had evidence that some members of a tribe were assisting in smuggling weapons and foreign fighters from Syria into our area of operations . I would suspect they have provided the same service for ISIS . When growing and training the Iraqi army and police during our tour , we realized it was n't enough to recruit individual soldiers or police for the force . We had to garner tribal support . It becomes obvious why the Iraqi security forces fell in the wake of ISIS advances : Since the central government in Baghdad did not meet the wishes of the tribal sheiks in the north , the leaders ' calculation was that it was better to back those who would overthrow the government . All this gives some indication of the challenges new Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has in winning back the north from the grips of ISIS . Gaining tribal allegiance to support a government counteroffensive against ISIS is an issue al-Abadi understands ; it took U.S. forces years to comprehend this critical cultural nuance . Tribal feuds occur due to clashes over resources in rural areas , control of economic sectors in cities , honor issues  promises of marriage  and crimes committed by members of one tribe against another . The Kurdish region is not immune from tribal loyalties : The Talabanis make up one major political party  the PUK  ; the Barzanis make up the other  the KDP  . There has been much discussion of the importance of the control of Mosul Dam . But that is only one of many key infrastructure elements . The Bayji Oil refinery , the Kirkuk oil fields , the Mullah Abdullah Power Plant , the Ports of Enty at Rabbiya and Habur Gate , and key religious shrines like the newly renovated Shiite mosque in Samarra are also critical to the political and economic future of Iraq . Each is probably on ISIS 's "  control " list , just as the elimination of security forces and other religions is on the "  destroy " list of this horrific organization . Controlling or destroying each will result in humanitarian disasters as ISIS broadens its reach . A more inclusive Iraqi government is currently forming , and hopefully it will gain momentum in addressing a nationalistic approach to countering ISIS . It will require many things : an Iraqi national will ; a condemnation by sheiks and imams -- and other moderates in the Islamic religion -- of the horrors committed by ISIS ; an Iraqi and Kurdish military adequately supplied and trained , centrally controlled and supported by the people and not used for sectarian purposes ; help from its friends and allies in the region and beyond ; and taking advantage of mistakes ISIS is increasingly making in its messaging campaign . Special operators designating key targets and U.S. air power dropping bombs will contribute , but ultimately only the Iraqis , including the Kurds , can turn this around . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Retired Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling spent 16 months in Northern Iraq He says he learned about the great social , geographic challenges of the region U.S. airstrikes , Special Forces may help but wo n't gain victory over ISIS Hertling : Only the Iraqi , Kurd security forces have the potential to oust ISIS
London , England  CNN  -- A Saudi prince was found guilty Tuesday of murdering an aide at a London hotel in February , in a case prosecutors said had a sexual element . Prince Saud Abdulaziz Bin Nasser Al Saud was found guilty of both murder and grievous bodily harm in the killing of Bandar Abdulaziz . Abdulaziz died after a severe beating left him with swelling and bruising of the brain and fractured ribs and neck . He also had bite marks on his face , ears and arm . The prince had not denied killing the aide , but said he had not intended to do so . He is due to be sentenced Wednesday and faces a maximum sentence of life in prison . He did not take the stand in his own defense . Because the prince did not deny killing Abdulaziz , the jury 's job was to determine if he was guilty of murder or manslaughter . To do that , jurors had to determine the prince 's state of mind and his intent at the time he killed Abdulaziz . The jury took just over an hour and a half Tuesday to reach its verdict . The prince -- who is both a grandson and a great-nephew of Saudi King Abdullah , since his parents are cousins -- showed no reaction as the jury 's unanimous verdict was read in court . Police said after the verdict that the prince had shown no remorse when he was questioned about his servant 's death , instead "  concocting a story " about how he died . "  When that was found to be a pack of lies , he tried to claim diplomatic immunity , " but did not qualify for it , John McFarlane of London 's Metropolitan Police told journalists outside the court Tuesday . Prosecutors said the prince 's systematic mistreatment of the victim had a sexual element . The bitings suffered by Abdulaziz were not a factor in his death , but had "  an obvious sexual connotation , " prosecutor Jonathan Laidlaw said in his opening statement two weeks ago . The two men were in London earlier this year as Al Saud took in Morocco , the Maldives and other European cities on a long global holiday with Abdulaziz as his companion . Al Saud 's lawyer , John Kelsey-Fry , said in his closing argument Monday that Al Saud "  must live with the consequences " of having killed Abdulaziz , but he never intended to harm him . Kelsey-Fry reminded the jury that a pathologist had been unable to determine how Abdulaziz died but that only one of his injuries , by itself , could have killed him -- a compression of the neck , the barrister said , that could have been caused when Al Saud grabbed Abdulaziz briefly by the throat . An "  awful , reprehensible , culpable act , " he said , "  but an act of murder ? " Kelsey-Fry also challenged the prosecution 's assertion that the defendant and the victim had a master-servant relationship , telling the jury that the two men had "  enjoyed a genuine friendship . " He also disputed suggestions from the prosecutor and several witnesses that the prince and his aide had a gay relationship . During their visit to London , the two men shared a hotel room , went shopping together and stayed out late in bars and nightclubs . Earlier in the day , prosecutor Laidlaw presented his closing argument . He told the jury they might consider drawing an "  adverse inference " from the prince 's refusal to face questions . The case "  cries out for an explanation , " he said , adding that the jury might care to reflect on how the prince might have answered questions about the nature of his relationship with Abdulaziz , why it was that he attacked him on more than one occasion , his account of what happened the night his aide died and why it was that he waited hours before informing anyone of his death . When he did contact authorities , Al Saud said that Abdulaziz had been assaulted by robbers three weeks earlier . He is a man , said Laidlaw , "  incapable of telling the truth . " CNN 's Andrew Carey contributed to this report .	Prince shows no remorse , police say after the verdict He admitted killing his aide , but says he did n't intend to Bandar Abdulaziz died after a severe beating caused swelling of the brain Witnesses speculated that the prince and aide had a gay relationship , but his lawyer denies it
CNN  -- With President Barack Obama limiting how and where detainees at Guantanamo Bay can be interrogated , some analysts are asking if intelligence agencies will be able to get the information they need to keep the country safe -- and where the prisoners will eventually end up . President Barack Obama recently ordered the closing of Guantanamo Bay detention facility . Fresh off his inauguration , Obama issued executive orders relating to Guantanamo , including one requiring that the detention facility be closed within a year . During a signing ceremony at the White House on January 22 , Obama reaffirmed his inauguration pledge that the United States does not have "  to continue with a false choice between our safety and our ideals . " The president said he was issuing the order to close the facility in order to "  restore the standards of due process and the core constitutional values that have made this country great even in the midst of war , even in dealing with terrorism . " At its peak , Gitmo held 770 people the U.S. government believed may have been involved in terrorist activity or military action against the nation . The facility drew sharp criticism , including from Obama as he campaigned for the presidency . Human and legal rights advocates complained that many Gitmo detainees were being held indefinitely without charge . There were a handful of reports of mistreatment of detainees and Obama , among others , said the facility was not an effective way to deal with alleged enemy combatants or gather good intelligence . With the closing of Gitmo and secret overseas CIA prisons , future detainees may stay in foreign custody . Those countries might not have the same constraints on interrogations , and they could share what they learn or let U.S. intelligence sit in . Watch more on the Gitmo dilemma " "  While you 're able to say that you do n't have U.S. secret prisons , in effect , you may be able to get the benefit through your relationship with foreign intelligence services , " said CNN national security contributor Frances Townsend , who served as President Bush 's national security adviser . But some say it 's the mere image of closing Gitmo that will help U.S. relations around the world . "  Guantanamo is an extraordinary debilitating symbol in the United States and the United States ' standing in the world community . Closing it makes good sense , " Charlie Swift , a former naval defense attorney , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union with John King , " on Sunday . But Douglas Feith , who helped shape the Bush administration 's terrorism policy , downplayed that notion . "  I do n't think that it 's much more than a symbolic decision , " he said . "  The real issue is whether we can make sure that the extremely dangerous people that we 're holding at Guantanamo can continue to be held so they do n't engage in terrorism in the future . " That issue was raised last week amid a new report by the Pentagon -- released days before Obama took office -- which said 18 former detainees are confirmed to have participated in attacks , and 43 are suspected to have been involved in attacks . Watch more on where Gitmo prisoners may go " But security experts are questioning information released by the Pentagon , saying 61 former detainees from Gitmo may have returned to terrorist activities . That figure would be about 11 percent of the roughly 520 prisoners who have been released from the Guantanamo facility . But in a briefing Thursday , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates -- an advocate for closing Guantanamo while serving under Bush and , now , under President Obama -- seemed to downplay the number of former detainees who have returned to fighting . "  It 's not as big a number if you 're talking about 700 or a thousand or however many have been through Guantanamo , " he said . On Friday , a Pentagon spokesman defended the integrity of the report but would not directly answer questions about where the figures come from . "  We do n't make these figures up . They 're not done willy-nilly , " spokesman Geoff Morrell said . Pentagon officials said they would not discuss how the statistics were derived because of security concerns that such information could give clues to how U.S. intelligence officers collect their data . CNN learned some former Guantanamo detainees have returned to the fight . An al Qaeda video viewed by CNN 's Nic Robertson showed militants labeled with their former prisoner numbers . Saeed Shihri , Prisoner No. 372 , is believed to have been responsible for an attack on the U.S. embassy in Yemen that killed nearly a dozen people in September , barely a year after he was released from Guantanamo . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ed Hornick and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	President Obama signs executive order calling for Gitmo facility to close Security experts question where the detainees will be relocated to There are also concerns about how intelligence will be collected under new rules CNN learned some former Gitmo detainees have returned to terrorism
CNN  -- A 14-year-old was arrested late Tuesday after shining a powerful laser light into the eyes of a pilot who was approaching Los Angeles International Airport , the Federal Aviation Administration said . The arrest puts a spotlight on what the FAA calls a dangerous problem in recent years . In Tuesday 's case , the pilot was about 2,000 feet in the air and nobody was hurt in the incident , said Ian Gregor , an FAA spokesman . "  It 's potentially very dangerous to shine a laser at an aircraft because a laser can distract a pilot and there have been cases where pilots have suffered temporary vision problems as a result of being struck by a laser beam , " Gregor said . " We 've had reports of pilots having to turn over control of the aircraft to a co-pilot or had to abort landing . " Gregor said Los Angeles International Airport has had many instances of laser attacks . "  Pilots reported 102 laser incidents around LAX in 2010 . Most of any airport in the country , " Gregor said .	The incident occurred as a pilot approached Los Angeles International Airport Nobody was injured in the accident , FAA says
CNN  Amanda Knox , convicted last year for a second time by an Italian court in the 2007 death of her British roommate , is engaged , a source close to the family told CNN . The former exchange student , 27 , got engaged last week to musician Colin Sutherland , the source said . No other details of the engagement were provided . Knox , along with ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito , was first convicted in Italy in Meredith Kercher 's death in 2009 . After spending four years in an Italian prison , she was released and had returned to her home in Seattle when the verdicts were overturned on appeal in 2011 . Italian court explains Amanda Knox conviction After her release from prison and return to the United States , Knox resumed her studies at the University of Washington . Her memoir recounting the ordeal , "  Waiting to Be Heard , " was released in 2013 . Last year , she and Sollecito were again convicted . Italy 's highest court is expected to hear an appeal in the case on March 25 and decide whether Italy may seek to force her to return . Amanda Knox : I wanted to come back from Italy stronger and surer of myself	Amanda Knox is engaged to musician , a source close to the family tells CNN The news comes as her legal team continues to fight murder conviction in Italy
CNN  -- At least five people were killed Saturday in the Yemeni city of Taiz amid heavy shelling and ongoing clashes between government forces and opposition fighters , according to witnesses . Four of those killed were civilians , said Abdul Haleem Mag ` ashi , head of a media outreach committee within the city . The southwestern city of Taiz has been a scene of recent turmoil where opposition groups have squared off against those loyal to the country 's embattled President Ali Abdullah Saleh . The heaviest clashes took place in the mountain region of Manakha , considered a stronghold for anti-government fighters . Hundreds of vehicles were left stranded while thousands of residents evacuated the area amid the fighting . "  Many of the casualties go unreported and can not reach the medical facility , " said Yasser Nusari , a medic in Taiz . "  Those who do reach come late , resulting in their life being lost . " CNN can not independently confirm those accounts and the Yemeni government could not be immediately reached for comment . "  With the five killed today , the three-day death toll in Taiz alone is 28 civilians , " said Mag ` ashi . "  All of this after Saleh was granted immunity . We call on the world to help us in our mission for peace . " Saleh recently agreed to step down from power after months of protests against his 33-year rule , becoming the fourth leader to leave office as a result of unrest that has roiled much of the Middle East and North Africa this year . He had been granted immunity sparking protests among demonstrators who would like to see Saleh tried for alleged acts of violence .	Five people die in the Yemeni city of Taiz Four of those killed were civilians , observers say The heaviest clashes took place in the mountain region of Manakha Manakha is considered a stronghold for anti government fighters
CNN  -- Top Pakistani officials on Wednesday dismissed fears over the safety of the nation 's nuclear weapons revealed in U.S. diplomatic cables . "  Pakistan 's nuclear assets are safe , " said Qamar Zaman Kaira , the information minister . "  All major countries , including the U.S. , have shown they 're satisfied with the security of our nuclear assets . " U.S. diplomatic cables cited by The New York Times reveal concerns over Pakistan 's uranium stockpile , its role in the struggle against Islamic militants and its economic crisis . The documents are among the vast cache of U.S. State Department papers that WikiLeaks , a website known for leaking official secrets , began releasing Sunday to widespread condemnation from the United States and its allies . CNN can not independently verify the content of all the cables from the website . Cables revealed by The Times show that the U.S. ambassador in Islamabad was concerned over a supply of highly enriched uranium at an aging research reactor , allegedly enough to build several "  dirty bombs . " The Times cites a cable dated May 27 , 2009 , in which Ambassador Anne Patterson said the Pakistani government was dragging its feet on an agreement that would allow the U.S. to remove the material . She said the Pakistani government was concerned that the "  sensational ' international and local media coverage of Pakistan 's nuclear weapons made it impossible to proceed at this time . " A foreign ministry spokesman said fears over the nation 's nuclear weapons are misplaced . "  Their fears are misplaced and doubtless fall in the realm of condescension , " spokesman Abdul Basit said . "  There has not been a single incident involving our fissile material which clearly reflects how strong our controls and mechanisms are . " Basit said Pakistan has "  extended experience in handling nuclear stuff . " Nuclear safety was not the only concern linked to Pakistan in the cables . One document cited says Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari had told U.S. Vice President Joe Biden that the Pakistani military might "  take me out . " However , Kaira said , the nation was not at risk of a coup . "  All of Pakistan 's institutions , including military , have learned lessons from the past , " the minister said . "  There would be no military coup today . The people of Pakistan will not allow a coup . " Other governments are also preoccupied by Pakistan , including Saudi Arabia , according to a CNN survey of the leaked cables . In a cable sent to Washington in February , Ambassador James Smith writes : "  King Abdullah firmly believes that Asif Zardari is the primary obstacle to the government 's ability to move unequivocally to end terrorist safe havens there  ` when the head is rotten , it affects the whole body '  . " Kaira refuted the accusation , saying the government is committed to the war against terrorism . "  We have won the war in many parts of the country and we are winning in other parts of the country . I admit the success is slow because the war is very long . " A cable from June 2009 said Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak told U.S. diplomats that Pakistan was his "  private nightmare , " suggesting that the world might wake up one morning "  with everything changed " after a potential Islamic extremist takeover . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	` Pakistan 's nuclear assets are safe , ' top official says Leaked U.S. diplomatic cables reveal concerns over Pakistan 's uranium stockpile Struggle to fight Islamic militants and economic crisis also cited
Washington  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has ordered two reviews of whether the military justice system is properly dispensing punishments and suitably protecting sexual assault victims , the Pentagon said Tuesday . The reviews were prompted by outrage from members of Congress over a case involving an Air Force officer found guilty last year in military court of sexual assault who was later cleared of the charges by his top commander . The judge presiding over the court-martial at Ramstein Air Base in Germany of Lt. Col. James Wilkerson sentenced him to a year in prison and kicked him out of the service . Air Force Lt. Gen. Craig Franklin , Wilkerson 's top commander in Europe , was the convening authority for the court-martial and reviewed the final case and sentence . Franklin overturned the decision , throwing out the charges and clearing Wilkerson 's military record . He was reinstated in the Air Force earlier this year . Hagel said Franklin reviewed the case over a three-week period and used his authority under Article 60 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice . "  He concluded that the entire body of evidence was insufficient to meet the burden of proof beyond a reasonable doubt , " Hagel said in a letter to Sen. Barbara Boxer , a California Democrat who has been an outspoken critic of Franklin 's decision . "  I believe this case does raise a significant question whether it is necessary or appropriate to place the convening authority in the position of having the responsibility to review the findings and sentence of a court-martial , " Hagel added . Pentagon officials told CNN last week that is rare for charges to be dismissed in this manner . U.S. law says the commander 's decision is final and can not be overturned by the service secretary or the secretary of defense , Hagel told Boxer . But Hagel said that he would review the legal authorization and ordered Air Force Secretary Michael Donley and Pentagon Acting General Counsel Robert Taylor to review the case . Hagel asked that the review "  assess whether all aspects of the  code of military justice  were correctly applied and to make recommendations on how the convening authority 's decision in this case could be more transparent , " Pentagon spokesman George Little told reporters at a briefing . Little said the report to Hagel is due March 20 . In a second and broader review , Hagel ordered Taylor to examine military law covering the actions of the convening authority and to see whether changes should be made . That assessment is due a week later . "  Eliminating sexual assault in the military is one of his top priorities , " Little said about Hagel 's commitment to members of Congress and military leaders . "  Sexual assault is a serious crime that has no place in the department and he will not tolerate it , " Little added . "  Any member of the military that is convicted of sexual assault -- no matter his rank or position -- must be held appropriately accountable . " Separately , a bipartisan proposal in the U.S House would strip military commanders of the unilateral power to overturn convictions or lessen sentences handed down by judges and juries at courts-martial . "  It is time to right an egregious wrong in our military justice system . The fact that one person can overturn a punishment determined by a judge or jury flies in the face of justice . We need a military justice system for the 21st century . The one we have now is primitive and is reminiscent of a time when punishments were decided by an autocrat , not by a judge or jury , " said Rep. Jackie Speier , a California Democrat . Amanpour : Risking sexual assault to serve your country Security Clearance : Sex assault at military academies underreported , survey finds	Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel seeks examination of military justice in two areas Hagel wants to know if punishments properly dispensed and if victims protected Review prompted by congressional outrage over Air Force sex assault case Officer found guilty at court-martial , but case overturned by senior commander
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi took aim at the rebel-controlled town of Ras Lanuf Monday , launching aerial strikes as part of an assault aimed at crushing the uprising against him . At the end of the third week of unrest -- protests began February 15 -- Gadhafi 's aerial forces targeted the main road heading into the oil town after launching another air strike earlier , five kilometers southeast of the city . In what has turned into a civil war , members of the opposition fired anti-aircraft guns toward Gadhafi 's planes . Some families fled Ras Lanuf , hoping to escape the violence that has engulfed some of the country 's most populous areas . Meanwhile , U.K. Foreign Secretary William Hague said "  there are credible reports of the use of helicopter gunships against civilians by government forces . " Three members of the U.N. Security Council -- France , Britain , and the United States -- were working Monday on a possible resolution that would include language on a no-fly zone over Libya , diplomatic sources at the United Nations said . But any kind of military intervention could face sharp criticism from Russia and China , two permanent members of the council that wield veto power . U.S. President Barack Obama said Monday he had a "  very clear message to those who are around Col. Gadhafi : It is their choice to make how they operate moving forward and they will be held accountable for whatever violence continues to take place there . " "  We 've got NATO as we speak consulting in Brussels around a wide range of potential options , including potential military options , in response to the violence that continues to take place inside Libya , " he said . In a statement , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said NATO did not intend to intervene in Libya , but "  as a defence Alliance and a security organization , it is our job to conduct prudent planning for any eventuality . " NATO has begun around-the-clock surveillance flights of Libya , as it considers options for dealing with the Libyan violence , U.S. Ambassador to NATO Ivo Daalder told reporters Monday . While the opposition has managed to fight off onslaughts by Gadhafi 's forces in some places -- including what a witness described as an "  amazing " victory against Gadhafi 's heavy artillery Sunday in the town of Misrata -- the regime has advanced as well . Gadhafi 's forces seemed to make headway in the city of Bin Jawad , where the Libyan army appeared to have control Monday after fighting over the weekend . But in Zawiya -- a city that the government insisted it had retaken -- the opposition still appeared to control the city center , and fighting was under way Monday . CNN saw pro-Gadhafi forces moving through the city , small arms fire , anti-aircraft gunfire and artillery . As the Libyan military brought in reinforcements , CNN could see about 150 troops moving into the city . Anti-government protesters are seeking the ouster of the 68-year-old Gadhafi after nearly 42 years of ruling the country -- the kind of revolution that was seen in neighboring Tunisia and Egypt . But unlike in those countries , the Libyan uprising has turned into warfare . Libya 's foreign minister dug in Monday , saying the international community does not understand what is happening in Libya and accusing certain Western countries of helping divide the African nation . "  It is clear now the U.K. and the U.S. are getting in touch with the defected  people  in the East , " Foreign Minister Musa Kasa told reporters . "  This means a conspiracy to divide , partition the country . " "  It is clear these super powers are undertaking a plot against Libya , " he added . Though rebel groups are long on passion , many are short on military training . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , just outside Ras Lanouf , heard someone say , "  We 'll capture  Gadhafi  , put him on top of this car and drive all around Libya . Every Libyan will get one shot . " A special forces captain told Wedeman he is trying to teach volunteers "  it 's impossible to attack artillery with a Kalishnikov " rifle . Foreign Secretary Hague , speaking to Britain 's Parliament , said that in the Libyan capital , Tripoli , "  there have been disturbing reports of hostage taking and large military deployments around the city designed to consolidate Gadhafi 's position and intimidate his opponents . His forces remain in control of Tripoli , Sebha and Sirte ; but his authority is contested in large swathes of the country where local tribes have withdrawn their support . There is a clear risk of protracted conflict and an extremely dangerous and volatile situation in large parts of the country . " With no clear end to the deadly clashes in sight , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appointed a new special envoy to Libya to discuss the crisis with officials in Tripoli , the United Nations said in a statement Monday . "  The secretary-general is deeply concerned about the fighting in western Libya , which is claiming large numbers of lives and threatens even more carnage in the days ahead , " read the U.N. statement . "  He notes that civilians are bearing the brunt of the violence , and calls for an immediate halt to the government 's disproportionate use of force and indiscriminate attacks on civilian targets . " Death toll estimates have ranged from more than 1,000 to as many as 2,000 , and the international community has been pondering strategies on how to end the violence and remove the Gadhafi regime . The fierce fighting has also sparked the flight of Libyans and foreigners out of Libya , with nations across the globe scrambling to help people leave . About 200,000 people have fled Libya with nearly equal numbers going to Tunisia and Egypt , the U.N. refugee agency has said . But not everyone has been able to get out . Between 15,000 and 17,000 people are still at a refugee camp near the Libya-Tunisia border . Of those left , the majority are from Bangladesh , the U.N. refugee agency said . The group plans to start running chartered flights to there Tuesday . President Obama authorized Monday sending up to $ 15 million in humanitarian aid to Libya out of the United States Emergency Refugee and Migration Assistance Fund . Humanitarian and medical aid to Misrata , in central Libya , has been blocked , U.N. emergency relief coordinator Valerie Amos said in a statement Sunday . She urged authorities "  to provide access without delay to allow aid workers to help save lives . " After reports of the opposition successfully fighting off pro-Gadhafi forces in Misrata on Sunday , Libyan state TV showed a graphic -- in both Arabic and English -- saying that "  strict orders have been issued to the armed forces not to enter cities taken by terrorist gangs , who took civilians as human shields and threatened to slaughter the inhabitants of those cities . " The report cited "  military sources . " There have been numerous conflicting reports over who controlled what cities , with the government declaring victory in some cities while witnesses in those cities told CNN the opposition was still in control . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Nic Robertson , Arwa Damon , Salma Abdelaziz , Jomana Karadsheh and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama pledges $ 15 million in humanitarian aid NEW : Libya 's foreign minister accuses some Western nations of helping divide the country NATO begins around-the-clock surveillance flights 3 members of the U.N. Security Council discuss a possible no-fly zone
CNN  -- Dr. Roberto Bolli 's face lights up when he talks about his true love : the human heart . "  The heart is really a miraculous organ . It beats 72 times a minute throughout our life , which means billions of times in our lifetime . And it never gets tired , " Bolli says . "  It knows exactly how much blood to pump ; it can increase its output by fivefold if we need more oxygen -- for example , if we 're running or doing strenuous activity . You have 5 billion cells called myocites , all beating in synchrony , in a perfectly coordinated manner , to maximize the heart 's pumping ability . It is an engineering feat that never ceases to amaze me . " Bolli was born in Perugia , Italy , the son of a general practitioner . He came to the United States after finishing medical school in Italy , starting at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston . Since 1994 , he 's been the chief of cardiology at the University of Louisville , where he also directs the Institute of Molecular Cardiology . Like most physicians , Bolli was taught that heart cells do n't regenerate , and that any cells which die from loss of oxygen during a heart attack are lost forever . But the lesson never quite sunk in . Pacemaker pioneer now lives with one "  That theory always struck me as odd , " Bolli says now . "  Why would nature demand so much of a single cell , when that same cell must beat 70 times a minute throughout your life ? That seems like an unreasonable demand . " Was it possible that new heart cells are constantly born ? And could the process be helped along to assist sick patients ? For about a decade , scientists have experimented with the use of stem cells to try and repair the heart , mostly in animals and mostly using stem cells derived from bone marrow . In 2009 , Bolli was ready to launch the SCIPIO trial  Cardiac Stem Cells in Patients with Cardiomyopathy  . Stem cells were taken from patients with severe heart failure and multiplied in a laboratory run by Dr. Piero Anversa at Brigham & Women 's Hospital in Boston . A few months later , each patient was re-infused with a million of his or her own stem cells . The results were dramatic . Patients saw scar tissue replaced by working heart muscle and a significant improvement in their hearts ' ability to pump blood . While the numbers are small , other studies have found similarly encouraging results . Bolli has refined his procedure to make it less invasive -- stem cells can now be taken through a catheter -- and none of the patients in cardiac stem cell trials have suffered serious adverse effects . Bolli is hoping to start a larger trial by the fall of 2013 .	Dr. Roberto Bolli directs the Institute of Molecular Cardiology in Louisville In 2009 , Bolli launched the SCIPIO trial , which uses stem cells to repair hearts Patients in the trial saw dramatic improvements in their organs ' abilities
CNN  -- Delta Air Lines is reviewing surveillance video from an incident last week in which a 9-year-old boy boarded a flight from Minneapolis to Las Vegas , apparently alone and without a ticket , a spokeswoman for the airline said Monday . While spokeswoman Leslie Scott applauded the crew of Flight 1651 for their "  vigilance " after they alerted authorities to the boy , she sought to reassure travelers that the airline is going through the video as it reviews "  our policies and procedures to make sure something like this does not happen again . " As of Monday , the boy was still in Las Vegas , where his status will be discussed in court Tuesday , a spokesman for Minnesota 's Hennepin County said . Officials in Hennepin County are waiting until "  things are resolved out there " before proceeding with the case , Chuck Laszewski said . The child 's parents are said to be cooperating fully , CNN affiliate KARE reported . The boy went through security with other passengers , the Transportation Security Administration said in a statement Sunday , but officials are still trying to figure out how he did it -- and how he then got on the flight Thursday . Patrick Hogan , a spokesman for Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport , said the crew "  became suspicious of the child 's circumstances " during the flight . Crew members got in touch with authorities in Las Vegas and turned the boy over to Child Protective Services , Hogan said in a statement . A longtime flight attendant told KARE that children who are traveling alone normally get special attention . "  It 's a big responsibility for the airline as well as the flight attendant , " Gregg Proteaux , a longtime flight attendant , told KARE . "  You 're responsible for them . How do you let 110 people on board when you only have 109 boarding passes ? " The boy spent a good amount of time at the airport before boarding the plane , KARE reported . He was there the day before , the station reported , citing airport officials . He passed his time by taking luggage from a carousel , bringing it to an airport restaurant . CNN affiliate WCCO reported he ordered chicken fingers and a soda , then left without paying , asking a server to watch the bag while he went to the restroom . The following morning the child took a light-rail train to the airport , cleared security and made it to Las Vegas nearly without detection . A flight security expert said the incident highlights the gaps in security , especially when it comes to children . "  That 9-year-old child does not need identification , " Terry Trippler of ThePlaneRules.com said , pointing to the TSA 's policy that only adults age 18 and over are required to have a state-issued or U.S. federal photo ID . The incident is a first for the Minneapolis airport , according to Hogan . Over the years other airports have had similar incidents . In 2007 , another 9-year-old managed to fly from Seattle to Phoenix to San Antonio before being found out . However , he had a boarding pass . His mother told CNN her son gave ticketing agents a fake name . Last year an 11-year-old boy in Manchester , England , managed to slip away from his mother during a shopping trip . He made it all the way to Rome without a boarding pass or a passport . But any Colosseum dreams were dashed . He never left the airport in Rome and was returned to his parents the same day . CNN 's Bill Kirkos contributed to this report .	NEW : CNN affiliate reports parents are cooperating with authorities Boy remains in Las Vegas while authorities work out his status Delta will watch security video to figure out how child got on board without a ticket Boy flew Thursday from Minneapolis , was turned over to Child Protective Services
Taking your baby along to a new play group can be nerve-wracking . You do n't want any fuss , you just want to blend in . You hope and pray that your kid is n't the one who screams , hits or breaks something . All you want is to slip in , sit down and be told how beautiful and well-behaved your little one is . Prince George was put to the test Wednesday at a specially convened play group in Government House , Wellington , New Zealand . The 8-month-old was never going to just slip in , because he had brought the world 's media with him . But he did n't scream , hit or break anything ... just one incident of theft . Amelia Howe was playing with a plastic block . George grabbed it , Amelia screamed , and Mr. and Mrs. Howe apologized to the Duchess of Cambridge . They later explained that Amelia had hurt herself by biting down too hard on the toy . "  This one was chewing on a toy , and she 's teething , so she bit it , and it obviously hurt her . She dropped it , and the toy got flogged , and that was the end of it , " her father said . There were no hard feelings , and the Howes are hoping Amelia will stay in touch with her new British playmate . A royal wedding in 30 years ' time ? The event was organized by the parental support group , Plunket , and a diverse group of families was invited , including a single mom and gay couple . All the 10 babies attending were born within a few weeks of Prince George . He was the biggest : "  quite a bruiser , " said one onlooker . Parent Jared Mullen said the Duke and Duchess were "  lovely first-time parents . " "  In many ways , they 're in the same boat as all of us who are trying to get used to it , and it was just very nice to have a relaxed time , " he said , describing young George as "  very intrepid . " The playgroup was Prince George 's main event in New Zealand . We do n't expect to see him at another engagement until the tour moves on to Australia . This event was typically informal for William and Kate , who swapped parental anecdotes  George is finally sleeping through the night , apparently  . It may have felt like a regular play group , but of course , it was n't . Who knows what most of them will do when they grow up . The world is their oyster . One of them , though , has had his whole life mapped out for him . George is destined to be their king . He has n't got a clue about that yet , of course . In fact , it 's the only time in his life that he will feel normal . For George , it was just a play date . Prince George 's first royal tour : The kid 's a natural Portrait of Prince George at eight months	The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince George are visiting NZ and Australia Prince George had a play date with 10 babies in Wellington on Wednesday The 8-month-old prince was described by one onlooker as "  quite a bruiser " He did n't scream or break anything but did grab a toy from one of the other children
CNN  -- We hear a lot about children with autism . But adults on the spectrum face their own set of challenges . One of the big ones ? Finding and getting a job that fits their unique talents and temperaments . CNN recently profiled Sarah Still , a woman with Asperger 's syndrome  a high-functioning variant of autism  who has had a tough time finding the right career environment . Her story seemed to bring up as many questions as it answered , so we enlisted her , along with a couple of experts , to address them in a live Facebook chat . Joining Still in the chat were Dave Wellman of Myriad Genetics , who has worked with and managed employees with autism as well as having a son with Asperger 's , and Becky Ketts of Nobis Works , which provides job training for those with disabilities and other barriers . You can read the full transcript of the chat on Facebook , or scan through the highlights below to find out how people with autism can confront the challenges they face when finding a job . Some responses have been edited for clarity . What is the No. 1 challenge you see with those on the spectrum trying to find employment ? Ketts : The No. 1 challenge our agency faces when trying put someone with a disability to work is either lack of work experience or a gap in employment . With the job market being so competitive , it is difficult to sell people as the most qualified and capable when the work history does not reflect this . This is why our agency focuses on giving people that we serve an advantage over others by training them to be excellent employees to match local employers ' needs . Still : The No. 1 challenge would be to find places that are not invading all the senses at one time : too many people , bright fluorescent lights and sudden chaotic noises , where there is no room to breathe and be yourself . Those are major challenges . Many  people with autism  are extremely sensitive and it gets to us much more than regular people . For me sudden and loud abrasive people and places really do not sit well . I have to leave really fast when it gets too overwhelming . I have to go be by myself and cover my ears often . What do you wish employers knew about those with autism and Asperger 's ? Wellman : People with autism have unique talents and they can be some of your best employees . Get to know them . They do n't need to be micro-managed or get special treatment . Simply give them a challenge , the support that they need and then get out of the way . Ketts : Employers need to be flexible when working with people with all disabilities . Most of the time , it is not as important how something is done as that it is done safely and correctly within the set time frame . Our focus is to make sure that someone is equal and not "  special " in the workplace . Sometimes this takes some accommodations , but people with disabilities should be expected to be able to perform the essential functions of the job . I hired someone with Asperger 's -- now what ? Are there careers that Aspies excel in more than others ? Wellman : One of the most important things is to pick the right career . Sales and marketing may be a bigger challenge because those fields need people who are more socially adept , but mathematicians and engineers need a gift for logic and reason . Just help them pick a field that is better suited for people on the spectrum . Is there a list of "  disability-friendly " employers ? Ketts : Usually agencies like mine develop those regionally . It 's all about relationships and supportive employers . There are some that are large national chains and some are mom and pop operations . We try to focus on finding a job for each person based on what they would like to do rather than trying to fit people into certain jobs/employers . As a person with autism , would it be safe to tell employers during the interview that you have autism ? Wellman : I would wait to tell your employer . Every employee is unique and has strengths and weaknesses . During the interview process , focus on your strengths and what it is you can offer your employer . Once you land that job , build up trust with your manager , and then if you feel comfortable with sharing that you have autism , do so , but be prepared to help them understand what it means to have autism , including the opportunities . I have Asperger 's and I 'm just like you It 's hard enough to get a job , and Asperger 's does sometimes get in the way . Any advice on how to get jobs ? Wellman : There is no question that finding a job can be a challenge for any of us . For those with Asperger 's , my advice is that a little interview coaching can go a long way . One of the key things employers look for is someone that is a cultural fit to the company and team . It 's a hard process for everyone involved in the interviewing process . An interview coach can help with how to answer questions and present the best you that you can be . Check with your local university or community college : Schools often host interviewing workshops for the public , and you do n't need to be a student or a graduate . What can parents of those on the spectrum do to help prep their children for the workplace ? Ketts : It is important for parents to realize that autism does not make it impossible to work , by any means . It may mean that someone will need a specific environment that fits their needs . It is also important for everyone to realize that employers  as well as the general public  will eventually expect someone with any disability to be able to function in the world . I think it is very natural for parents to want to protect or shield their child from anything unpleasant or uncomfortable , but it will be something that will happen eventually . Having expectations of responsibility , chores , school work , etc. is important for any child to transition from school to work . Wellman : One of the most important things is to help your child pick the right career . Spend time exploring different careers . Mathematics , computer science , graphic design are all great options for people on the spectrum . My brother always says I need to get my son into the best business school I can because of how he loves to organize things . Growing up autistic Have you found it important to speak out publicly on workplace issues ? Wellman : Yes , I feel that it has been very important to speak up . People can make harsh and often incorrect judgments about those on the autistic spectrum . If we , who understand the challenges of those living on the spectrum , do n't speak up now , then the day may come where we wish we had , but ca n't . Ketts : I find it 's important to show success stories about people on the autism spectrum going to work and successfully keeping a job . If nothing else , it gives people hope .	Experts weigh in on how people with autism can find the right career environment "  People with autism have unique talents , " explains Dave Wellman Check out the highlights of our Q&A below , or read the whole transcript on Facebook
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two foreign troops who went missing Friday in Afghanistan are Americans who have been abducted , an Afghan intelligence source told CNN Saturday . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force and two U.S. military officials confirmed that the two missing service members are American . NATO said they went missing after leaving their compound in Kabul city Friday afternoon and did not return . Forces have launched a search for the service members and the military vehicle they were in , ISAF said . Their duty status is "  whereabouts unknown , " the U.S. officials said . The intelligence source told CNN that the two were abducted in Logar province , south of Kabul -- Afghanistan 's capital . The development comes as five U.S. soldiers were killed in bombings in southern Afghanistan on Saturday . CNN 's Atia Abawi and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : ISAF , U.S. military officials confirm the two missing troops are Americans An Afghan intelligence source says two Americans have been seized in Logar province NATO 's command said the two troops went missing after they left a Kabul compound A search is on for the service members
Scientists are concerned about what they 're seeing so far this flu season , the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday , a day after the agency advised doctors this year 's flu vaccine is not as effective because the current strain of the virus has mutated . Dr. Tom Frieden said researchers are worried that with this particular strain of the virus , "  we could have a season that is more severe than most with more hospitalizations and more deaths . " The advisory sent Wednesday said 52 % of the 85 influenza virus samples collected and analyzed from October 1 through November 22 were different than the virus strains included in this year 's vaccine , indicating a mutation , or drift , of the strain . The most common strain of the virus reported so far this season is influenza A  H3N2  . In the past , this strain has been linked to higher rates of hospitalization and death , especially for those at high risk for complications , which is usually the very young , the elderly and those with chronic health conditions such as asthma or heart problems . In February , a panel of experts decided on 3 strains of the virus to include in this year 's vaccine , based on data about the common strains circulating around the globe throughout the year . Some years the vaccine is a better match to the circulating strains than others . It 's too late to create another version of the flu vaccine this year , Frieden said , because even with modern production technology , it typically takes about four months to produce the vaccine . While this year 's version is not as protective against a mutated strain , it can still decrease the severity of illness caused by the virus . It can also protect against other circulating strains of the virus , which is why the CDC still recommends getting the vaccine . "  The flu is bad , and you want to do anything you can to prevent getting it and to prevent giving it to other people , " said Dr. Lisa Thebner , a pediatrician in New York City . "  The vaccine is n't perfect , but it 's the best protection we have for prevention . " When asked if people should be concerned , Thebner said "  people should always be concerned about the flu . " In a news conference Thursday , Frieden emphasized that if you do start to see flu symptoms -- fever , sore throat , cough , body aches -- it 's extremely important to begin taking antiviral medications as soon as possible . Tamiflu and Relenza have been considered most effective at reducing complications when given soon after symptoms begin . However , he said , most doctors still do not treat people with the antiviral medications , noting that fewer than 1 in 6 people who are severely ill with flu get them . "  It is very important that we do better , " Frieden said . Antiviral medications can reduce symptoms , shorten the length of time of the illness , and may keep people out of the hospital . So far this year , five children in the United States have died from the flu , Frieden said . In past years , studies have shown 98 % of children who do die from flu have not been vaccinated , but it was not clear if the five children Frieden cited were vaccinated . During the 2012-2013 flu season 12,337 people were hospitalized with flu-related illness and 149 children died , according to CDC surveillance data . Ninety percent of those children were not vaccinated . Overall , flu activity across the country is currently low , according to the latest flu outbreak data from the CDC .	CDC says mutated flu virus means current flu shot is less protective Still , the CDC recommends people get vaccinated against the flu Flu activity across the country is currently low , CDC says
CNN  -- Perhaps the most frightening statistic attached to Lionel Messi is the fact that he 's only 26 . Another day , another record broken . Messi became Barcelona 's all-time leading scorer Sunday after his hat-trick helped Tata Martino 's team to a 7-0 victory over Osasuna . Messi , who has now scored 371 goals , eclipsed the record set by Paulino Alcantara , who scored 369 goals in 357 appearances between 1912-1927 . It is the sixth consecutive season in which he has scored 30 goals -- not bad for a man who has been accused of not reaching the exorbitant levels which he has set in years past . His 25th hat-trick for Barcelona ensured his side moved to win four points of league leader Real Madrid ahead of "  El Clasico " next weekend . Osasuna simply had no answer to Barcelona 's attacking prowess as the home side thrashed its lowly opponent . Alexis Sanchez , Andres Iniesta , Cristian Tello and Pedro were all on target at Camp Nou . Messi 's first hat-trick since the Champions League win over Ajax in September 2013 could scarcely have come at a better time for Barca . Martino 's men must gain a result at Real next weekend to have any chance of retaining its league title "  I think we can beat Real Madrid in the Bernabeu and that would put us right in the fight for La Liga , " Sanchez told Canal Plus . "  Both teams will see themselves as favorites , they are the two biggest clubs in the world and it will be a great game . We are going to the Bernabeu with only the intention of winning . " Elsewhere , Sevilla defeated Real Valladolid 4-1 and Real Sociedad recorded a 1-0 victory over Valencia . Misery for Milan Meanwhile , in Italy , AC Milan fell to a third consecutive league defeat which all but ends its chances of qualifying for European competition next season . Milan , 12th , was beaten 4-2 by Parma with Antonio Cassano scoring twice on a painful afternoon for the Rossoneri . The game could n't have started much worse for Milan , which lost goalkeeper Christian Abbiati inside the opening nine minutes . Abbiati was adjudged to have brought down Ezequiel Schelotto and was promptly dismissed before Cassano slotted away the penalty . Cassano added a second after the interval but Milan rallied and Adil Rami headed home Kaka 's corner to give the home side hope . And when Mario Balotelli equalized with 14 minutes remaining from the penalty spot , the comeback looked on for Clarence Seedorf 's side . But disaster struck just two minutes later when Amauri flicked home Schelotto 's cross to restore Parma 's lead . Jonathan Biabiany 's diving header in the fifth minute of stoppage time sealed the win and condemned Milan to yet more misery . Milan , which was dumped out of the Champions League by Atletico Madrid last week , is now 11 points behind Parma , which sits in the first Europa League spot . Meanwhile , Juventus grabbed a dramatic late victory at Genoa thanks to Andrea Pirlo 's 89th minute free kick . Genoa gave the league leader a fierce fight before going down 1-0 -- a result which leaves Juventus 17 points clear at the top of Serie A. Elsewhere , Lazio claimed a 2-0 win at Cagliari , Sassuolo beat Catania 3-1 and Fiorentina defeated Chievo by the same scoreline . Monaco menace In France , Monaco kept up the pressure on league leader Paris Saint-Germain with a 3-2 win at Lyon . Valere Germain , James Rodriguez and Dimitar Berbatov got the goals for Monaco , which sits second in the table . Jimmy Briand scored twice for Lyon which finishes the weekend in fifth place . PSG gained a 2-0 win over Saint Etienne in the day 's late game courtesy of two goals from Zlatan Ibrahimovic . In the day 's early game , Montpellier drew 1-1 with Bordeaux .	Lionel Messi scores hat-trick in Barcelona victory Messi became club 's highest ever goalscorer with 371 goals AC Milan beaten 4-2 by Parma in Serie A Milan unlikely to qualify for European competition next season
CNN  Would you want a TV program about your family history to include details of a distant , long-deceased relative who had owned slaves ? Seriously , who in their right mind would want to be tarnished by the sins of an ancestor you had no connection to other than a remote bloodline ? I would n't , and neither did Ben Affleck , who lobbied producers of a PBS show , "  Finding Your Roots , " to remove any reference to his great-great-great grandfather Benjamin Cole , a Georgia slave owner in the mid-1800 's , in an episode that looked at Affleck 's family history .  Affleck revealed Cole 's name Wednesday night . Here 's the thing that might surprise many , given the tendency of the media to exploit any potentially scandalous material : The show 's producer , Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. , apparently acquiesced to Affleck 's request , because when the episode aired in October 2014 , there was no mention of the star 's slave-owning ancestor . Affleck 's attempt to alter the content of the program only publicly became known a few days ago after WikiLeaks released hacked emails revealing an exchange between Gates and Sony Pictures chief Michael Lynton . When Gates asked how he should respond to Affleck 's request to delete the material , Lynton responded , "  all things being equal , I would definitely take it out . " And on Tuesday , Affleck , via Facebook , admitted that he had urged Gates to excise any reference to his slave-owning relative . Affleck explained , "  I did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . I was embarrassed . The very thought left a bad taste in my mouth . " Now Gates has publicly denied that he made his decision about the content of the program based on Affleck 's request , but it seems likely that he did . After all , Affleck noted as much in his Facebook post , writing that Gates "  agreed with me on the slave owner but made other choices I disagreed with . " And three other celebrities profiled on the series last season were shown to have been related to slave owners . So it 's unlikely that it was simply happenstance that it left out any reference to Affleck 's familial slave ownership connection . In any event , PBS has launched an internal review to determine if the show violated its own editorial standards . Whatever the results of the review , Affleck and Gates did the right thing . Let 's be clear : "  Finding Your Roots " is not an investigative news show ; it 's an entertainment program . In fact , as Affleck noted , much of the material is provided directly by the celebrity being profiled . It 's not "  60 Minutes " but more in the nature of a sophisticated profile of celebrities , using their marquee names to attract viewers . There 's not even a hint that Affleck strong-armed the producers or made any type of threats against them if they included the information . In the emails between Gates and Lynton , which they presumably believed at the time were confidential and would remain so , there was no mention of undue pressure by Affleck . Instead , Gates simply noted that Affleck "  asked us to edit out something . " After the emails were revealed , Gates issued a statement , saying , "  Ultimately , I maintain editorial control on all of my projects and , with my producers , decide what will make for the most compelling program . In the case of Mr. Affleck we focused on what we felt were the most interesting aspects of his ancestry -- including a Revolutionary War ancestor , a third great-grandfather who was an occult enthusiast , and his mother who marched for civil rights during the Freedom Summer of 1964 . " My view would be different if Affleck had a history of uttering racist remarks or engaging in racist conduct . That would have made the information truly newsworthy . But instead we have a man known for championing progressive causes , which I 'm sure made him even more acutely sensitive that some on the right might possibly use this information against him in the future . Perhaps that 's what Affleck meant in his Facebook post when he wrote that this information made him feel "  vulnerable . " Affleck has noted that he regrets asking PBS to not include information about his "  distant relative . " That 's a nice gesture , but it was not needed . Affleck had every right to ask for the information about a long-deceased distant relative to be left out of the show . And PBS had the choice to include it or leave it out . I applaud PBS for doing the right thing at a time when media outlets rarely show any restraint on the lives of people in the public eye .	Ben Affleck admits he asked PBS show "  Finding Your Roots " to avoid mentioning his slave-owning ancestor Dean Obeidallah says the actor and the show were right to leave the detail out
CNN  -- As one of the world 's most successful golfers , Ernie Els has got it all . The three-time major winner is famous for his sporting achievements , but he is giving a lot back to the game he loves and the country he cherishes . Not only is his golf foundation now in its 13th year , but Els also contributes to the economy of the Cape region where he grew up , investing in a wine and restaurant business plus an award-winning golf resort that he helped design . And -- inspired by his son -- he has raised millions of dollars for research into autism . The 42-year-old will not be short of local support at this week 's Volvo Golf Champions tournament at Fancourt in George . The Ernie Els and Fancourt Foundation was established to help under-privileged kids take up a sport that is unaffordable to most in his native South Africa . "  Having him back home means so much to us , " says foundation member Kim Daniels . Her colleague Sylvia Masango says the experience and lessons learned from Els and the other coaches and mentors have transformed her life . "  Golf is who I am now . It has helped me to become the person I am , " she told CNN . "  I do n't know where I would be now without golf . " Family background Els ' own sporting ambitions were supported every step of the way by his father Neels , who owned a transport business , and mother Hettie . Known as the "  Big Easy " for his languid style , he won the U.S. Open at the age of just 24 in 1994 and has been among the game 's elite ever since . "  I had golf clubs , golf shoes -- all these things cost a lot of money . The equipment in golf is very expensive . There are a lot of kids in South Africa , and around the world , that have talent . I 've seen these kids not make it because of their inability to pay for good equipment , " he told CNN . "  So they go by the wayside , I 've seen it happen . That 's why we started the foundation , to get them to really hone their skills . " The foundation 's star graduate is 2010 British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen , who spent three years on the program and now makes regular visits back to inspire its pupils . "  The gods were smiling on us to have a kid like Louis come to the foundation , " said a proud Els . "  I feel like that was something I wanted to do because I am so fond of South Africa , so fond of the country and the people . I just felt it was my duty to give something back to the less fortunate . " Oosthuizen is grateful for his time with the foundation and the important lessons learned before bursting onto the golf scene . "  It 's very special to have spent three years on the foundation , and it 's great what Ernie is doing for the kids , " he told CNN . Autism foundation If the foundation is dear to Els ' heart , the fund-raising charity he has set up to tackle autism is a real labor of love . His son Ben was diagnosed with the condition when he was four , and Els set himself the goal of establishing a center of excellence for autism that would be at the cutting edge of research and educational therapy , "  something the world has never seen before . " Since going public with his son 's problem in 2008 , Els has campaigned on behalf of Autism Speaks and used his sporting connections to raise millions of dollars for his Els for Autism Foundation . His dream is coming ever nearer to reality . "  Next year I expect to raise $ 5 million and almost be ready for breaking ground on the new center , " he told CNN . Els uprooted his family -- wife Liezl , daughter Samantha and Ben -- from their main home on Wentworth Golf Course in southern England to Florida to get better treatment for his son , who is "  quite severely affected " by the condition . With his worldwide fame and influence , Els knows that he is in a position to make a real difference in tackling autism . "  I 've seen families where three kids have autism . Now that must be one of the hardest things in the world , because just to do your normal everyday stuff would be almost impossible if you do n't have extra help , " he said . "  We have the resources , we have the money to actually cope with it . There are people and families who do n't have that , so we want to try to better their lives . " Commercial interests Els spends the majority of his time based in Palm Beach , but every winter returns to South Africa to check personally on his private and commercial interests . They include a thriving golf course design business and the realization of a dream to build a signature layout in an area of the Cape where he used to hang out with friends and enjoy barbecues on the beach . Oubaai at Herold 's Bay is now established , with the 18 holes taking in rugged surroundings near the Indian Ocean . It was voted "  Best Golf Resort in South Africa " in a 2007 survey . Els has also designed courses on four continents , but his business empire does not end there . Having met his wife on a farm in Stellenbosch , which is famous for its vineyards , he developed a love of the grape and , at the turn of the century , set up Ernie Els Wines . He partnered expert Louis Strydom to develop a range of five red wines , and in 2011 added a white to the collection . Visitors to the area do not have to go far to sample the products , which are on sale at the "  Big Easy Restaurant " on South Africa 's second-oldest road in Stellenbosch . Golfing ambitions With all these commitments , Els might be expected to slowly slide down the world rankings as he nears the latter stage of his career . But the former No. 1 is still desperate to add to his near 70 victories worldwide and to his majors tally . He failed to win on the U.S PGA Tour in 2011 , meaning he missed the season-opening Tournament of Champions in Hawaii , but after playing in South Africa this week he will return to spend the bulk of his season in the United States . "  I want to really concentrate on America and get some wins early on and hopefully get some real confidence going ahead of the first major at Augusta , " said Els , now ranked 71st . And how long can he continue to play at the top level ? "  Well . I do n't want it to end now , " he smiled . "  I 'm 42 and in pretty decent shape for a golfer . I want to continue to win tournaments , the desire still burns bright . " Els added : "  Fifty has always been kind of the mark . At 50 you go onto the Seniors Tour and so forth . My good friend Vijay Singh is 48 this year , he 's also had a bit of a quiet year , so I feel there 's many years left in me . "  There have been guys in their 40s who have won major championships . Mark O'Meara won two majors when he was 42 , so there 's a lot of hope for us . "	Three-time major champion Ernie Els keeps busy on and off the course Els runs a foundation which helped 2010 British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen He is also involved in golf course design and the wine and restaurant business South African is also raising $ 30 million for a state-of-the-art autism center
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  -- At least 30 people were killed Sunday in raids by suspected Boko Haram Islamists on four Christian villages in the northeastern Nigerian state of Borno , residents and a priest said . Gunmen on motorcycles stormed the villages of Kwada , Ngurojina , Karagau and Kautikari , opening fire on residents and hurling explosives into homes and churches . The villages are near Chibok , scene of the April 14 abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls , Barnabas Tanko , a member of a local vigilante group in Kwada , 10 kilometers  6 miles  from Chibok , said the gunmen , believed to be Boko Haram insurgents , attacked the village around 8:00 a.m. Witnesses say the gunmen pursued fleeing residents into the bush and shot them dead . In Kwada , the entire village , including its five churches , was burned by the marauding gunmen . "  We have confirmed that 30 bodies have so far been recovered in the four villages attacked by the gunmen , " said Enoch Mark , a Christian priest in Chibok . It is difficult to say how many people were killed because the gunmen on motorcycles pursued residents fleeing into the bush and shot them dead , Mark added . "  We now have to wait until things calm down to scour the bushes to collect bodies , " Mark said . Dark smoke coming from the directions of the four villages could be seen from Chibok . Mark said it was from burning homes . "  They are no doubt Boko Haram . They opened fire on residents , some worshipping in churches , and set buildings on fire with explosives , " Tanko said . "  They burnt five churches and the entire village before proceeding to Ngurojina , Karagau and Kautikari , " Tanko said . Military response was slow , Mark said , allowing the gunmen ample time to inflict massive carnage on the villages . A military fighter jet deployed five hours later and the gunmen sneaked into the bush , Tanko said . Residents of the four villages who were able to escape have fled to nearby towns and Maiduguri , the state capital .	At least 30 people are dead after raids in Nigeria , residents say Boko Haram Islamists are suspected in the attacks on predominantly Christian areas Gunmen on motorcycles opened fire and at least five churches were set on fire
CNN  -- Ernie Bender was lean and athletic ; he skied and walked a lot , and would go snowshoeing every Wednesday with his friends . A golf course superintendent , he lived in Vail , Colorado , with his wife and three sons . One evening in 2000 , he and his buddies decided to snowshoe up Vail Mountain and ride the gondola down . Bender complained of indigestion on the way up , which was odd because his last meal had been lunch . He told his friends he needed to sit down before getting on the gondola . After the group got in the cable car , he lost consciousness . Bender was not a smoker and only drank a glass of wine every now and then . His blood pressure was always fine . His physician had told him that his cholesterol was fine , too , but that he might need to watch it , his wife , Kim Tofferi , remembers . But despite appearing healthy , Bender died of a heart attack at age 47 . "  We did not see that coming at all , " Tofferi said . "  That was a tough one -- just when Dad was starting to become a good male role model for  their sons  . " Heart attacks may seem like a senior citizen phenomenon , considering that about 82 % of people who die of coronary heart disease are at least 65 , according to the American Heart Association . But sudden heart problems can occur much earlier in life , too . "  The Sopranos " actor James Gandolfini , 51 , died in Rome Wednesday of an apparent heart attack . Actor Michael Clarke Duncan died in September at age 54 , having never recovered from the heart attack he suffered on July 13 . Sage Stallone , son of actor Sylvester Stallone , died of atherosclerosis , a condition that brought on a heart attack , according to the Los Angeles County coroner . He was 36 . Heart attack risk goes up in men older than 45 and women older than 55 , but it can happen even earlier . While lifestyle modifications help reduce risk -- eating a healthy diet , maintaining good blood pressure and normal weight , not smoking -- sometimes it 's not enough . Family history is a big risk factor that ca n't be changed . Bender 's father had a triple bypass surgery more than a year before Bender 's death , Tofferi said . And men are more likely to have heart attacks than women . What causes a heart attack ? A heart attack happens when the blood that flows to a section of heart muscle gets blocked . That section of heart muscle begins to die without a quick restoration of blood flow , according to the National Institutes of Health . Heart attacks are often the result of coronary artery disease , which occurs when a waxy substance called plaque builds up in the coronary artery . An autopsy revealed that Bender had severe blockage , Tofferi said . The location in the artery involved plays a role , said Alan Ackermann , a cardiologist in Miami . If there 's a huge clot producing such extensive damage that the heart stops beating , it could only take a matter of minutes to be fatal . Heart attacks in the United States are uncommon among people younger than 55 , but the numbers could rise because obesity is a growing problem , said Dr. Lee Goldman , Hatch Professor and dean of the faculties of health sciences and medicine at Columbia University Medical Center . Being overweight leads to Type II diabetes and increases in blood pressure and bad cholesterol . Heavy smoking is also a strong risk factor for heart attacks . Refraining from smoking and not becoming obese are key for avoiding heart attacks , he said . If you are obese , make sure your cholesterol and blood pressure are under control . "  There 's no better prevention than addressing the reversible risk factors , " Goldman said . When a person who 's especially young dies of heart problems , such as in their thirties or younger , something other than blockage to the heart may be at work , Ackermann said . The heart could be enlarged or thickened , or there may be a congenital abnormality that would predispose the person to die suddenly . Because younger people do n't believe they 're at risk of heart attacks , they might not get themselves to a hospital right away when experiencing warning signs . Who will get a heart attack is still somewhat mysterious There 's still a long way to go in terms of determining who is most at risk of a heart attack , he said . "  More often than not , the first symptom of heart disease could be heart attack , " Ackermann said . "  That is a huge gap in the profession that we 're still dealing with . " Red wine , minus the alcohol , may lower blood pressure A recent study showed that a test called a coronary calcium scan can be effective in predicting cardiovascular risk . This scan identifies specks of calcium in the arterial walls , which are an early sign of plaque buildup . It 's relatively cheap -- about $ 200 -- but does involve some radiation exposure . Ackermann recommends it for women as young as 50 , and for men 45 and older . But if you have a strong family history of premature heart disease , it may be best to start even earlier in the forties . One of Ackermann 's patients , Osvaldo Gomez , had his first heart attack at age 43 . He drove himself to the hospital in 2008 when he started having pain in his chest , back , arm and jaw . He did n't know he had heart problems , but his grandparents and two uncles on his mother 's side had cardiovascular disease . The event was scary , but Gomez did n't follow his doctor 's recommendations . His second heart attack was a month later . "  The second time , he was noncompliant with diet and his regimen of smoking , " Ackermann said . "  I was n't surprised . When he was very compliant , he does great . " In the past four years , Gomez has had three stents and four balloon angioplasties . Stents can improve blood flow and treat narrow or weak arteries . A balloon angioplasty is a ballooning of the vessel to open it . "  I 've seen the results of me not taking care of myself , " Gomez said . A more heart-healthy lifestyle These days , Gomez is on a low-cholesterol , low-fat diet . He exercises six times a week , with at least 40 minutes of cardio and 20 to 30 minutes of weight lifting . He has quit smoking . Practicing these behaviors "  keeps you out of the hospital and keeps you out of trouble , " he said . Tofferi , whose husband died after snowshoeing in 2008 , watches out for trans fats and has warned her three sons about heart risks . They are in good shape , she said , and none of them smoke . "  They know , with Dad having a heart event that early , " she said . "  I hope I 've impressed them -- or just general health knowledge has impressed them -- with the importance of taking care of yourself . "	Heart attack risk goes up in men over 45 and women over 55 It can happen even earlier : Sage Stallone died at age 36 Maintaining good blood pressure and normal weight can help reduce risk
CNN  -- European Champions League winners Chelsea have announced the signing of Brazil international Oscar from Internacional . The 21-year-old is currently on international duty with Brazil at the London Olympics and has joined the English Premier League club on a five-year deal . Oscar , who has been compared to compatriot Kaka , came through the youth system at Sao Paulo and was part of the Brazil side that won the Under-17 World Championships in 2008 . He moved to Internacional in 2010 and made his debut for the national side in September 2011 , having represented his country at every level from Under-15 upwards . Oscar 's first international goal came in a 4-3 friendly defeat to South American rivals Argentina , played in the United States last month . He is the third high profile signing of the close season by Chelsea , who secured their first ever European Champions League triumph last season . Belgium international Eden Hazard joined the London club from French side Lille for a reported fee of $ 49 million , while Marko Marin was also signed from German side Werder Bremen . The trio of attacking players will look to provide the ammunition for Spain striker Fernando Torres , after Chelsea stalwart Didier Drogba left the club for China . Midfielder Frank Lampard , who has been at Chelsea since 2001 , said the club 's close season business will add fresh impetus to an experienced side , that also contains former England captain John Terry . "  Last year we proved to be a great team and a great unit in the second half of the season with what we achieved , " he told the club 's official website . "  This year maybe we are slightly different because we have more new young players coming in so there might not be the settled togetherness that we had on the pitch because we had been together a long time but there is an excitement about our team as well and that 's probably the main difference . "  Everyone is trying to impress , and you never lose that in pre-season , there 's not one manager I 've met yet who will close the door on any player . "  We are all playing for our season at this stage trying to show Robbie that we are fit and ready regardless of last year . We have to perform at a high level to stay in the team because of the quality of the squad we have . " Chelsea begin their Premier League campaign on Sunday 18 August with an away game at Wigan Athletic .	Premier League club Chelsea announce the signing of Brazilian international Oscar Oscar is currently on international duty with Brazil at the London Olympics The 20-year-old joins Chelsea from Brazilian club Internacional
Scores of people were killed and at least 123 others were wounded Wednesday in shootings and explosions across Iraq , senior Interior Ministry officials said . Five bombings in the Iraqi capital were responsible for dozens of the casualties , Baghdad police officials said . Three of the Baghdad bombings happened in the morning , killing at least 25 people near checkpoints for entry into the city 's International Zone , a heavily fortified area that houses Iraqi government offices and the U.S. and British embassies . In the deadliest blast , a suicide bomber targeted a security checkpoint near the International Zone , Iraqi Interior Ministry spokesman Brig. Gen. Saad Maan Ibrahim said . Police officials said the bomber struck a restaurant that is frequented by Iraqis going into the International Zone , which is also called the Green Zone . The second blast occurred near the entrance to Iraq 's Foreign Ministry building . Police and residents said a car bomb exploded in a parking lot opposite the building , and the Interior Ministry said it was a suicide bombing . The third explosion took place in the Al-Sanak area of Baghdad , one of the capital 's main commercial areas . Police officials did not give a breakdown of how many people were killed and injured in each blast . Conflicting accounts have emerged , with initial reports from security sources indicating all three of the morning blasts were car bombings . In the evening , two car bombs exploded near a busy commercial area in southeastern Baghdad , killing at least 10 people and injuring 24 others , police said . And a roadside bomb and a car bomb exploded at a coffee shop and a restaurant in al-Dora in southern Baghdad . It killed four people and wounded 16 others , police officials told CNN . In southwestern Mosul , in northern Iraq , a car bomb exploded outside the Turkish consulate , wounding five Iraqi security forces at a checkpoint outside the consulate , two senior Interior Ministry officials said . In western Mosul , gunmen targeted Um al-Rabiein police station , the officials said . The attack started when a suicide bomber drove a bomb-rigged vehicle to the main checkpoint of the police station and exploded . That was followed by rocket-propelled grenade and small-arms fire , they said . At least five people were killed , four of them police officers , and 23 were wounded , 14 of them police . Also in western Mosul , a car bomb exploded at an Iraqi army convoy , killing three soldiers and wounding eight people , four of them soldiers , the officials said . The United Nations ' special representative in Iraq , Nickolay Mladenov , condemned the violence . "  Those who orchestrate such attacks should be condemned by all political , religious and civic leaders in this country , " he said in a prepared statement . "  Iraq political leaders should show national unity in dealing with such threats and unite against terrorism . " Iraq 's Foreign Ministry has been targeted in the past . The worst attack was in August 2009 , when it was hit by a suicide truck bomb and dozens of staff were killed and injured . Another government building , the Transport Ministry , was attacked by gunmen last week . The militants seized part of the building and took civil servants hostage before security forces drove them out . Also Wednesday , a car bombing in the northern city of Mosul killed two bodyguards of a member of Iraq 's Parliament , police said . The blast happened outside the eastern Mosul house of Wisal Salim , a Sunni Muslim lawmaker . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with almost 8,000 people killed , most of them civilians . The figures remained grim in January . According to the U.N. mission in Iraq , 618 civilians and 115 members of the country 's security forces were killed . The U.N. tally does not include those killed in a fresh wave of violence in Iraq 's Anbar province , west of Baghdad , where al Qaeda-backed militants and Iraqi security forces have been fighting since the end of last year . The ongoing violence in Anbar , Salaheddin and Nineveh Sunni provinces has raised concerns among some observers that parliamentary elections scheduled for April 30 will be delayed . At least 1,000 killed in Iraq this month , official says 6 gunmen killed as police retake Iraq ministry , security sources say Three sons , two bombs , one family 's hell	Two evening attacks hit near a busy commercial area in southeastern Baghdad Car bombing in Mosul kills two bodyguards of a member of Iraq 's Parliament Three morning attacks strike close to checkpoints at the city 's fortified International Zone Bombings strike a restaurant and Iraq 's Foreign Ministry building
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden brushed aside recent criticism by predecessor Dick Cheney that moves by the Obama administration had put the United States at risk , telling CNN on Tuesday that the former vice president was "  dead wrong . " Vice President Joe Biden sits down for an interview with CNN 's Gloria Borger and Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday . "  I do n't think -LSB- Cheney -RSB- is out of line , but he is dead wrong , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  This administration -- the last administration left us in a weaker posture than we 've been any time since World War II : less regarded in the world , stretched more thinly than we ever have been in the past , two wars under way , virtually no respect in entire parts of the world . " ... I guarantee you we are safer today , our interests are more secure today than they were any time during the eight years " of the Bush administration . In an interview with CNN 's John King last month , Cheney said President Obama had been "  making some choices that in my mind will raise the risk to the American people of another attack . " Biden said former President Bush had not been fully aware of the country 's position in the world . Watch Biden lash out on Bush and Cheney " "  I remember President Bush saying to me one time in the Oval Office , and he was a great guy , enjoyed being with him . He said to me , he said , ` Well , Joe , ' he said , ` I 'm a leader . ' And I said , ` Mr. President , turn around and look behind you . No one 's following . ' People are beginning to follow the United States again as a consequence of our administration . " " ... I think the biggest thing we 're doing is , I 'm operating in concert with the president , " he said . "  There are not -- there are -- look , everybody talks about how powerful Cheney was . His power weakened America , in my view . " But he did not deny reports of disagreement within the Obama administration as well , over the president 's plan to widen involvement in Afghanistan . A report last week said Biden had warned about the possibility of getting into a quagmire , while military advisers pushed for more troops . Watch more on Obama 's Afghanistan plan " "  Well , look . Without commenting specifically on who took what position , there was a healthy debate . There is a healthy debate within our administration . " The vice president said that he condemned a new Afghan law that would allow men to rape their wives , but that those issues were not the focus of the U.S. presence in that nation . "  I am not prepared to send American troops to die for that , " he said . As the president made an unannounced visit to Baghdad , Iraq , on Tuesday , Biden said that he had no concerns that a recent uptick in violence in Iraq might affect plans to withdraw most U.S. troops from that country by the summer of 2010 . "  I 'm not worried about that at all . We will draw down along the timeline we suggested , " the vice president said . Watch the full interview " Also not a concern for Biden : the possibility of an Israeli strike on Iran 's nuclear facilities . The vice president said he was not worried that Israel 's new government , under Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , would order such an attack . "  I do n't believe that Prime Minister Netanyahu would do that . I think he would be ill-advised to do that . And so my level of concern is no different than it was a year ago . " A day after North Korea 's rocket test sparked alarm from world leaders , Biden called for a tougher response from Moscow and Beijing . "  What I 'd like to see is a strong condemnation and a united effort on the part of the Chinese , Russians in the six-party talks to say , ` enough is enough , there will be greater sanctions , we will squeeze down even harder on North Korea , ' " he said . He added that China could "  do a great deal more , " although he was uncertain it would . "  I think this puts the onus on China and Russia and South Korea and Japan , et cetera , along with us , to be bolder in our condemnation . " On the domestic front , Biden said that the administration 's economic plan would prevent up to 4 million jobs from being lost and stabilize the economy , but that "  it will take at least another year before you start to see employment , " and in the meantime , jobs will continue to disappear . Watch Biden answer iReporters ' questions " "  There will be an additional job loss . ... You 're not going to see reports this calendar year saying there was no job loss this month . That is not going to happen . ... There will continue to be job losses the remainder of this year . The question is will they continually go down before they begin to rebound , and employment -- we go down to zero job loss and back to employment . " He said it was "  too premature " to begin discussing another stimulus package , though he has not ruled one out .	VP Biden speaks Tuesday with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer and Gloria Borger Biden says recent criticism from former vice president Cheney is "  dead wrong " He says Bush administration left the country in weakest shape since WW II Biden calls for tougher response from Moscow and Beijing on N. Korea rocket launch
New York  CNN  -- A 4-year-old boy was killed after being mauled by his family 's dog inside their Brooklyn , New York , apartment , according to police spokesman Joseph Gallagher . Jayelin Graham was bitten multiple times in the head , neck and torso by his family 's Cane Corso Mastiff , a large muscular breed of canine commonly used as a guard dog or hunting companion . The deadly attack Friday night sent the boy to a nearby hospital where he was pronounced dead upon arrival , according to Brookdale Hospital spokesman Andrew Rubin . Two other small children , a 2 - and 5-year-old boy , were in the home at the time but were unharmed . Police say they are continuing to investigate the incident and that New York 's Animal Care and Control have removed the dog as well as another dog -- a German shepherd -- from inside the apartment .	A 4-year-old boy was killed after being mauled by his family 's dog , police say Jayelin Graham was bitten multiple times in the head , neck and torso Two other small children were in the home but were unharmed
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt 's prosecutor general , appointed to the job just last month by President Mohamed Morsy , gave into demands of lower prosecutors by agreeing to resign next week . The protesters converged on the prosecuting general 's office at the High Court Sunday , refusing to leave until Talaat Abdallah resigned . The siege by the prosecutors ended Monday when Abdallah signed a resignation letter that was then read to reporters . The letter will be delivered to Egypt 's Supreme Judicial Council on December 23 , the prosecutor 's office said . Read more : Islamists claim victory in first round of referendum The prosecutors objected to Abdallah 's appointment by Morsy because of his connection with the Muslim Brotherhood . They became angry when Abdallah replaced attorney generals with judges affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood . The latest flare up happened last week when Abdallah transferred Attorney General Mostafa Khater , who had freed defendants arrested by Morsy supporters during clashes outside the presidential palace on December 5 . Read more : Former President Mubarak hurt in prison bath fall Morsy said in a televised speech on December 6 that the defendants confessed to being paid thugs , while investigations were still ongoing . A document reportedly written by Khater referred to pressure by the prosecutor general to change the results of the investigations . Khater 's transfer was reversed a day later .	Prosecutors demanded Talaat Abdallah resign because of Muslim Brotherhood ties His resignation letter will be delivered to Egypt 's Supreme Judicial Council on December 23 Judges affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood were made attorney generals
CNN  -- Hamburg have put one foot in the UEFA Cup final after a header from Germany winger Piotr Trochowski proved enough to give them a 1-0 win at Bundesliga rivals Werder Bremen in the first leg of their semifinal . Piotr Trochowski celebrates the only goal as Hamburg took a major step towards the UEFA Cup final . Martin Jol 's side scored the only goal of a pulsating match in the 38th minute when Trochowski , the smallest player on the pitch , rose superbly at the back post to head Guy Demel 's right-wing cross past goalkeeper Tim Wiese . Both side had countless half-chances to score but Hamburg wasted the best of them on the hour mark when Bayern Munich-bound striker Ivica Olic broke through in acres of space , but fired his shot straight at Wiese . Hamburg 's victory puts them on line for their first European final since 1983 , when they beat Juventus 1-0 to win the European Cup . This was the second of four matches in quick succession between the north Germany neighbors -- who met each other in the German Cup last week and will play the return leg of the semifinal next Thursday before a Bundesliga clash on Sunday May 10 . And the result was sweet revenge for Hamburg , who saw Wiese save three penalties in last week 's shoot-out as Werder knocked their rivals out of the German Cup , also at the semifinal stage . The eventual winners will play either Shakhtar Donetsk or Dynamo Kiev in May 's Istanbul final .	Hamburg in line for first European final since 1983 after defeating Werder 1-0 Winger Piotr Trochowski heads in the only goal of their UEFA Cup semifinal Eventual winners will face Shakhtar Donetsk or Dynamo Kiev in Istanbul final
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- The United States knows that the leader of Pakistan 's Taliban is dead because he has not appeared in public to prove that he is alive , the top U.S. envoy to the region told CNN on Monday . Baitullah Mehsud , right , and a bodyguard arrive at a meeting in South Waziristan , Pakistan , in 2004 . Richard Holbrooke said that the Pakistani Taliban have not confirmed the death of Baitullah Mehsud because of an ongoing power struggle over his successor . "  The reason it 's clear he 's dead is that if he were n't dead , he 'd be giving TV and radio interviews to prove he 's not dead , " Holbrooke told CNN 's Cal Perry . Mehsud rarely gave news conferences or appeared before the media . There has been conflicting information from the Pakistani Taliban about whether Mehsud died in a suspected U.S. missile strike earlier this month . Watch Holbrooke say Mehsud is dead " Last week , Pakistani Taliban spokesman Maulvi Umar told CNN that Mehsud is alive , but ill , and will speak to reporters when he feels better . Other media reports have quoted another spokesman for the group as saying Mehsud is dead and a mourning period is underway . U.S. and Pakistani government officials have said they are confident that Mehsud was killed in the August 5 strike . DNA tests were reportedly being conducted to back up those claims , but U.S. officials have expressed doubt that enough genetic material would be left behind , considering the enormity of the strike . Holbrooke said Mehsud 's death has sparked "  a succession crisis " among the Pakistani Taliban . "  The chaos benefits us but it does n't mean that this thing is over , " the top envoy said .	Richard Holbrooke : "  It 's clear " Pakistani Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud is dead Mehsud would be on TV and radio if he were alive , U.S. envoy says Taliban has given conflicting reports about whether Mehsud killed in missile strike One Taliban spokesman says Mehsud is ill and will reappear when he feels better
CNN  -- If there 's attention to be had , you better believe the Kardashians know how to grab it . On Tuesday night , Instagram was on fire thanks to two posts made by Kim and Khloe Kardashian . One of the images , posted by Khloe , made a joke about the Ku Klux Klan that has unleashed a wave of criticism . And then , just a few hours after Khloe posted  and deleted  the inflammatory photo , Kim decided to unleash her naked , oiled butt onto the world . We 're not joking . The 34-year-old posed for the winter issue of Paper magazine , which has the express goal of "  breaking the Internet . "  In that case , Paper can consider its mission accomplished .  The publication chose photographer Jean-Paul Goude to do the honors , asking the artist to recreate his "  Champagne Incident " photograph . The result is one cover in which Kim poses in a floor-length gown , balancing a glass of champagne on her rear , while the other cover puts the reality star 's best known asset front and center in all its glistening glory . If you 're curious , husband Kanye West approves . "  And they say I did n't have a talent , " Kardashian tweeted after sharing the photos . "  Try balancing a champagne glass on your a ** LOL . " That does n't sound easy , but we 'd say the Kardashians also have a clear talent for provocation . Before Kim set out to #BreakTheInternet , her younger sister was on the verge of doing so as well . Khloe , 30 , posted a picture on Instagram of herself with her sisters Kim and Kourtney that was captioned : "  the only KKK to ever let black men in . " It is n't clear where the image originated , but Khloe shared that along with her own comment , calling the statement "  True . "  Khloe was married to an African-American basketball player , Lamar Odom , and Kim has dated a number of famous African-American men , from singer Ray J to athlete Reggie Bush . The post has since been removed , but the controversy has n't been erased as easily . Khloe has n't explicitly commented on the reaction , but some believe one of her recent Instagram posts is an attempt at an apology . "  We 're all equally f **** d up , " says the photo in the post , which was shared Tuesday . "  Some only hide it better . " Over on his own Instagram account , Kourtney Kardashian 's partner , Scott Disick , chimed in with his spin on the statement . Posting the same photo , he added one amendment to the image 's text : "  the only KKK to ever let black men in . ... and a Jew . "	Kim Kardashian shows her rear view on the cover of Paper magazine There 's an alternate cover that recreates Jean-Paul Goude 's "  Champagne Incident " Meanwhile , her sister Khloe was taking heat for a crude joke about the KKK
A respiratory virus is sending hundreds of children to hospitals in Missouri and possibly throughout the Midwest and beyond , officials say . The virus causes symptoms like a cold , except worse , and is prompting up to 30 children a day to seek care at one Kansas City hospital , where about 15 % of the youngsters were placed in intensive care , officials said . In a sign of a possible regional outbreak , Colorado , Illinois and Ohio are reporting cases with symptoms similar to the same virus and are awaiting testing results , according to officials and CNN affiliates in those states . In Kansas City , about 450 children were recently treated at Children 's Mercy Hospital , and at least 60 of them received intensive hospitalization , spokesman Jake Jacobson said . "  It 's worse in terms of scope of critically ill children who require intensive care . I would call it unprecedented . I 've practiced for 30 years in pediatrics , and I 've never seen anything quite like this , " said Dr. Mary Anne Jackson , the hospital 's division director for Infectious Diseases . "  We 've had to mobilize other providers , doctors , nurses . It 's big , " she said . The Kansas City hospital treats 90 % of that area 's ill children and noticed an initial spike on August 15 , Jackson said . "  It could have taken off right after school started . Our students start back around August 17th , and I think it blew up at that point , " Jackson said . "  Our peak appears to be between the 21st and the 30th of August . We 've seen some leveling of cases at this point . " Full scope unknown An analysis by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention showed at least 19 of the Kansas City children tested positive for Enterovirus D68  EV-D68  , according to the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services . Vaccines for EV-D68 are n't currently available , and there is no specific treatment for infections , the Missouri agency said . "  Many infections will be mild and self-limited , requiring only symptomatic treatment , " it said . "  Some people with several respiratory illness caused by EV-D68 may need to be hospitalized and receive intensive supportive therapy . " Some cases of the virus might contribute to death , but none of the Missouri cases resulted in death and no data is available for overall morbidity and mortality from the virus in the United States , the agency said . Symptoms include fever , body and muscles aches , sneezing , coughing and rash , one hospital said . Jackson said physicians in other Midwest states reported cases with similar symptoms . "  The full scope is yet to be known , but it would appear it 's in the Midwest . In our community , meticulous hand-washing is not happening . It 's just the nature of kids , " Jackson said . "  Worst I 've seen " Denver also is seeing a spike in respiratory illnesses resembling the virus , and hospitals have sent specimens for testing to confirm whether it 's the same virus , CNN affiliate KUSA said . More than 900 children have gone to Children 's Hospital Colorado emergency and urgent care locations since August 18 for treatment of severe respiratory illnesses , including enterovirus and viral infections , hospital spokeswoman Melissa Vizcarra told CNN . Of those , 86 have been sick enough to be admitted to the Aurora facility . And Rocky Mountain Hospital for Children had five children in intensive care and 20 more in the pediatric unit , KUSA said this week . "  This is the worst I 've seen in my time here at Rocky Mountain Hospital for Children , " Dr. Raju Meyeppan told the outlet . "  We 're going to have a pretty busy winter at this institution and throughout the hospitals of Denver . " Will Cornejo , 13 , was among the children in intensive care at Rocky Mountain Hospital for Children after he came down with a cold last weekend and then woke up Tuesday night with an asthma attack that could n't be subsided with his medicine albuterol . His mother , Jennifer , called 911 when her son 's breathing became shallow , and her son was airlifted to the Denver hospital , she told KUSA . Her son was put on a breathing tube for 24 hours . "  It was like nothing we 've ever seen , " Jennifer Cornejo told KUSA . "  He was unresponsive . He was laying on the couch . He could n't speak to me . He was turning white and his lips turned blue . "  We 're having a hard time believing that it really happened , " she added . "  We 're much better now because he is breathing on his own . We 're on the mend . " Restricting kids ' visits with patients In East Columbus , Ohio , Nationwide Children 's Hospital saw a 20 % increase in patients with respiratory illnesses last weekend , and Dr. Dennis Cunningham said patient samples are being tested to determine whether EV-D68 is behind the spike , CNN affiliate WTTE said . Elsewhere , Hannibal Regional Hospital in Hannibal , Missouri , reported "  recent outbreaks of enterovirus infections in Missouri and Illinois , " the facility said this week on its Facebook page . Blessing Hospital in Quincy , Illinois , saw more than 70 children with respiratory issues last weekend , and seven of them were admitted , CNN affiliate WGEM reported . The hospital 's Dr. Robert Merrick believes that the same virus that hit Kansas City is causing the rash of illnesses seen at the Quincy and Hannibal hospitals , which both imposed restrictions this week on children visiting patients , the affiliate said . "  Mostly we 're concerned about them bringing it in to a vulnerable patient . We do n't feel that the hospital is more dangerous to any other person at this time , " Merrick told WGEM . Blessing Hospital is working with Illinois health officials to identify the virus , the hospital said in a statement . While there are more than 100 types of enteroviruses causing up to 15 million U.S. infections annually , EV-D68 infections occur less commonly , the Missouri health agency said . Like other enteroviruses , the respiratory illness appears to spread through close contact with infected people , the agency said . "  Unlike the majority of enteroviruses that cause a clinical disease manifesting as a mild upper respiratory illness , febrile rash illness , or neurologic illness  such as aseptic meningitis and encephalitis  , EV-D68 has been associated almost exclusively with respiratory disease , " the agency said . Clusters of the virus have struck Asia , Europe and the United States from 2008 to 2010 , and the infection caused relatively mild to severe illness , with some intensive care and mechanical ventilation , the health agency said . To reduce the risk of infection , individuals should wash hands often with soap and water for 20 seconds , especially after changing diapers , avoid touching eyes , nose and mouth with unwashed hands ; avoid kissing , hugging and sharing cups or eating utensils with people who are sick ; disinfect frequently-touched surfaces such as toys and doorknobs ; and stay home when feeling sick , the Missouri agency said . Rare outbreak in Tokyo as WHO warns of spread of dengue fever Sierra Leone plans nationwide lockdown to stop spread of Ebola	900 severe respiratory illness cases at Denver hospital , urgent care , says official Missouri doctor calls situation "  unprecedented " in terms of kids in intensive care "  This is the worst I 've seen in my time , " a Colorado doctor says Enterovirus D68  EV-D68  causes respiratory illnesses like a cold , only worse
Louisville , Kentucky  CNN  -- Wilson Perez believes his father 's killer is one of the hundreds of stable workers who live and care for horses in an area known as the "  backside " of the Churchill Downs horse racing grounds . "  I imagine he 's wandering around here , " Wilson Perez told CNN in an exclusive interview first aired on "  Erin Burnett OuFront " , near the barn where his father 's body was found . "  It has to be someone who lives here because no one else can come in . " Louisville Police investigators have released few details about the death of 48-year-old Adan Perez . Police say Perez 's body was discovered around 5 a.m. Sunday morning by barn workers , just several hours after the final races of Kentucky Derby Day . The body was left in Barn No. 8 , which backs up to the backstretch of the famed Churchill Downs horse racing track . The "  backside " of Churchill Downs is made up of dozens of barns that house more than a thousand horses . It 's also where some 600 stable hands live . It 's a secluded and often overlooked world . It 's home to the transient workers of the horse racing industry . Most workers are Central American immigrants who move around the country looking for work with stables and trainers . "  The outside world does n't see this world . They do n't know what the backside of the racetrack is like , " Churchill Downs chaplain Ken Boehm said . "  It does concern us that there 's someone back here or there could be someone back here still that could commit such an act . " Police say there are no suspects in the slaying of Adan Perez but are looking into several altercations that occurred at the track . Wilson Perez said he last heard from his father around 11:30 p.m. Saturday night . Both men talked on the phone for several minutes at the end of a hard day 's work during the Kentucky Derby . "  He called me to see how I was doing and where I was , " Wilson Perez said . This was almost a daily routine for both men . Father and son worked in different barns on the Churchill Downs grounds and could go most of the day without seeing each other . "  He told me he was outside  the racing grounds  at a restaurant with friends , " Wilson Perez added . "  Everything was normal , like every time he called me . He never told me there were any problems . " Wilson Perez said he has n't heard any stories of his father getting into any altercations the night of the murder . He also said he never heard his father talk of having enemies or having any problems with anyone around the grounds . Wilson Perez first walked through the gates of Churchill Downs two years ago . He had convinced his father to let him leave home in Guatemala and find work in the barns caring for horses . Adan Perez worked for horse trainer Cecil Borel , the brother of three-time Kentucky Derby-winning jockey Calvin Borel . Wilson Perez said he wanted to leave Guatemala to get closer to his father , who had been working in Kentucky since 2008 . "  I asked him to bring me here , " said Wilson Perez . "  I wanted to be with him . " The backside of horse racing tracks is the forgotten side of the horse racing grounds . It 's an area that highlights the stark class structure of horse racing . It 's where you see millionaire horse owners standing shoulder to shoulder with stable hands who roughly earn between $ 250 and $ 800 a week for a variety of jobs caring for the prized horses . "  Such a mash of people back here , the richest of the rich , the poorest of the poor and everyone in between , " said Boehm , who ministers to the stable hands . But it 's also a secluded and difficult world for outsiders to penetrate . Workers often move around the country , from horse track to horse track following the work wherever it goes . Boehm said on any given day there are about 600 people who live on the backside of Churchill Downs . They can live on the grounds for free , but the workday usually starts early . Around 4 a.m. workers start cleaning the stables and feeding horses . Other workers prepare the horses for their daily workouts on the racetrack . Boehm hoped stable workers who might have information about Adan Perez 's slaying wo n't be reluctant to come forward . "  I 'm hoping someone will say something , if not to me , to a trainer or to a friend that they become comfortable with , " he said . Wilson Perez said he still loves the work at Churchill Downs . In fact , since his father 's death he 's kept working through the pain and anguish even as he makes arrangements to get his father 's body sent home to Guatemala for a burial . Wilson Perez said he does n't want to return to Guatemala ; he wants to keep working at Churchill Downs . "  He was a good father , " Wilson Perez said . "  Everything he knew ; he would pass on to me . "	Victim 's son thinks his father 's killer is one of Churchill Downs ' stable workers "  Backside " of horse racing track is a secluded , overlooked world No suspects in slaying , but police looking into altercations at track Son said father never said anything about enemies or troubles
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- The running battle between Egyptian police and protesters outside the U.S. Embassy in Cairo continued for a fourth straight day Friday , leading to scores more arrests and at least one death , according to state authorities . A demonstration in Tahrir Square -- which in early 2011 was the hub of activity in the revolution that led to the ouster of longtime President Hosni Muhbarak -- was peaceful . But as it has since Tuesday , unrest continued outside the American embassy as riot police clashed sporadically with protesters . One hundred forty-five protesters were arrested Friday and 53 policemen were injured , seven by bird shot , said Interior Ministry spokesman Alaa Mahmoud . The Interior Ministry later issued a statement stating that one protester -- who was described as an ex-convict with an extensive criminal record -- was killed by birdshot . At least 15 protesters were injured Friday from tear gas inhalation and eye irritation , said Health Ministry spokesman Mohamed Sultan . Eleven protesters have been hospitalized in the past couple of days , he said . The tensions in Cairo flared amid widespread rage over an anti-Islam film made in the United States and posted online . Shortly after dawn on Friday , officers carrying shields and batons and backed by an armored personnel carrier rushed a group of several hundred protesters to quell a violent demonstration that had raged through the night . After the rush , a smaller number of demonstrators regrouped near the U.S. Embassy across from police lines , and stones and tear-gas canisters once again crossed in the air . Police fired rubber bullets at protesters . The army began constructing a wall of concrete blocks about 10 feet  3 meters  high across the road leading to the embassy , located about 25 meters  roughly 25 yards  away . By Friday afternoon , youths climbed the newly built wall and threw rocks at police , witnesses said . Security forces fired tear gas and used water cannons to hold off the rioters . But 100 to 200 meters away , in Tahrir Square , a few thousand protesters congregated peacefully . More than 250 people have been injured and 40 arrested this week as riot police faced off against protesters , state media said . Nearly three dozen of those hurt were members of the nation 's security forces , state media said . Those arrested faced charges that included thuggery , assaulting police officers and vandalism near the embassy . Both the police clampdown and the cancellation of nationwide protests come during a delicate period across the restive Middle East . In recent days , residents across the region and North Africa have taken to the streets to protest the film . The region is on edge after the killings of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other American officials at the U.S. Consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi . Ties between the United States and Egypt have cooled since the overthrow last year of Mubarak and the election of President Mohamed Morsy , the country 's first democratically elected leader . Before he became president , he was a leader in the political arm of the Muslim Brotherhood , the popular Islamist movement . U.S. President Barack Obama said that relations with Egypt will be shaped by how the country responds to the violence . "  I do n't think that we would consider them an ally , but we do n't consider them an enemy , " Obama told Telemundo in an interview that aired Thursday . If Egypt takes actions that "  indicate they 're not taking responsibilities , as all other countries do where we have embassies , I think that 's going to be a real big problem , " Obama said . Obama 's comments were widely seen as a warning to Egypt , which was considered a staunch U.S. ally under Mubarak and remains a major recipient of American foreign aid . It is the most populous and one of the most influential nations in the Arab world . When the protests began Tuesday , police and Egyptian troops formed defensive lines around the embassy to prevent demonstrators who had also gathered there from advancing , but not before the protesters had scaled the embassy fence and placed a black flag atop a ladder in the American compound . Police arrested a handful of protesters at the time , but the failure of Egyptian authorities to take action sooner has been widely questioned , as has Morsy 's delayed condemnation of the attacks on American diplomatic missions . Morsy initially focused his criticism on the anti-Muslim film as an unacceptable slap at Islam . But after speaking with Obama , Morsy on Thursday directly criticized the violence . "  Those who are attacking the embassies do not represent any of us , " he said from Brussels , Belgium , where he was visiting the headquarters of the European Union . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Ian Lee in Cairo , and Caroline Faraj , Brian Walker , Elise Labott , Paul Cruickshank and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	NEW : An Interior Ministry spokesman reports 145 arrests and 53 policemen injured NEW : 1 protester , an ex-convict , is killed by birdshot , the Interior Ministry adds There have been scores of injuries over the last four days near the U.S. embassy One analyst said Obama put Morsy "  on notice " to tamp down violence
CNN  -- Judy Warzenski did n't realize how bad her father , Donald 's , memory had gotten until he turned to her sister Joyce and asked , "  Where 's the girl who was sitting next to you ? " He did not recognize Joyce as his own daughter . This Thanksgiving , Warzenski and her younger siblings will eat Thanksgiving dinner with their father in a private dining room at a nursing home in Pennsylvania . Moving her father there in October was an agonizing decision . "  It 's really very upsetting to me , " said Warzenski , 62 , of central New Jersey . "  I promised him I would never do this . I promised him I would never put him in a nursing home , which I 've come to realize is an unrealistic promise . " Warzenski , who had commented on a previous CNN dementia story , is one of many baby boomers who must watch their loved ones suffer from Alzheimer 's , the most common form of dementia . The condition , which robs people of their memory and thinking skills , necessitates tough decisions about caring for people as their minds slowly slip away . "  Often , the baby boomers are thrust into the position of caring for a loved one with dementia because that loved one declines and needs 24-hour supervision , " said Laura Wayman , a dementia care specialist and author of "  A Loving Approach to Dementia Care . " iReport : Who 's at your Thanksgiving table ? ` Generation Alzheimer 's ' The Alzheimer 's Association says that unless a treatment or cure is found , Alzheimer 's "  will become the defining disease of the Baby Boom Generation " or , as the association calls it , "  Generation Alzheimer 's . " Currently , there is no proven method to fully stop the progression of symptoms or reverse them . Approximately 10 million baby boomers will develop Alzheimer 's , according to estimates from the Alzheimer 's Association . Of those who reach the age of 85 , nearly one in two will get it . Most people with Alzheimer 's begin experiencing symptoms after age 60 , according to the National Institutes of Health . Only 5 % of people with the condition start showing signs of it before age 65 ; this is called early-onset Alzheimer 's . Symptoms can even begin in the 30s , 40s or 50s , and in some cases there is a clear genetic link . Can hormone therapy help protect the brain ? Many of the boomers taking care of loved ones with dementia have children of their own , forcing them into a "  sandwich generation " situation that comes along with a lot of financial strain . Some caregivers are resistant to asking for help , but it 's essential that they have a support network , Wayman said . The caregiver 's own health , finances , income and employment may suffer . Wayman 's own mother died of a heart attack while caring for Wayman 's father . "  They feel like they should be able to take care of this person , and they ca n't do it by themselves , " she said . More than 15 million Americans are providing unpaid care for a person with dementia , according to the Alzheimer 's Association . That care amounts to $ 210 billion in unpaid hours . And 80 % of home care for people with dementia comes from family members . Living with Alzheimer 's Bill Carey , 54 , of Ferndale , Michigan , is one of those with early-onset Alzheimer 's who is still able to articulate and understand what 's happening . He is the third person in his family to receive a diagnosis of Alzheimer 's . Carey has known he has the condition for about nine years , as he wrote in the comments on a previous CNN story . A spinal tap confirmed that he has high levels of a protein associated with Alzheimer 's . His speech is still coherent , but he had to give up his job as an apartment manager because he was making mistakes : for example , he could no longer handle adding up the amounts on rent checks . "  Even with simple arithmetic , my brain just shuts down , " he said . "  It 's like there 's nothing there . " Alzheimer 's called ` defining disease ' of baby boomers But Carey is n't sitting by idly . He goes to a local support group with others who are in the early stages of Alzheimer 's . They talk about the things that they remember and share coping techniques . He also takes the medications Aricept and Namenda , designed to slow the progression of symptoms , and they appear to be working . To keep his mind challenged , he does jigsaw puzzles on his computer . Carey 's domestic partner , Larry Stowell , sorts out his medications , handles Carey 's finances and has "  been extremely supportive " overall , Carey says . The two will spend Thanksgiving alone . Although Carey does n't cook as much as he used to , he is charge of the turkey . "  I have n't set fire to the house yet , " Carey said . "  I 'm sure Larry will tell me when I reach that point . " Caring for a wife Others are still in their 50s and further gone . Mike of Massachusetts writes in an e-mail that he is "  Feeling as if I 've lost my wife and had her replaced by a child who looks like her . " His wife , Sally , is only 51 and has dementia . The couple is unsure whether it is specifically Alzheimer 's , but she may get further testing to find out . "  I feel as if we ca n't really talk seriously about anything anymore , and I have to make all of the decisions in our lives , " Mike said . Mike asked that his wife 's name be changed and that their last name not be used . He requested to be interviewed over e-mail instead of the phone so that his wife would not overhear and get upset . Their adult daughter lives with them and helps out . Mike is also looking into adult day care and is trying to get friends to take Sally out of the house now and then so he can have some respite . Mike says the two are rarely physically intimate anymore . Mike and Sally are not going to be celebrating Thanksgiving on Thursday . Mike has to work that day , and Sally can not cook . She can no longer operate a shower , plug in a hair dryer or use a dishwasher , Mike says . Report : Yearly cost of Alzheimer 's tops $ 200 billion What to do for Thanksgiving Wayman offers these tips for spending Thanksgiving with a person with dementia : • While preparing the food , reminisce about past Thanksgivings . But do n't ask , "  Do you remember when ... " something happened , since you do n't know how much has been forgotten . Instead , try starting your memories with "  Was n't it fun when we ... " • Limit the number of guests at the meal . You might even want to have two different Thanksgiving meals if there are a lot of people who would want to come . People with dementia have trouble processing and tracking information , so if there a lot of people , they may have extra difficulty following a conversation . • Make sure there is a place for the person with dementia to rest if he or she feels overwhelmed . • Fill your home with pleasant , traditional , soothing aromas . Put a couple of teaspoons of vanilla in a baking pan to make the kitchen smell like desserts baking . Cooking the meal may also produce smells that are familiar to your loved one with dementia . • Incorporate the person with dementia in food preparation as appropriate , perhaps by stirring a mixture or setting a table . But safety is the priority : Wayman knows a family whose mother with dementia went to get the turkey from the oven but fell and burned herself . And after Although Warzenski feels bad about her father having to be in a nursing home , he does n't say that he needs to go home . Instead he might say , "  I need to get my car , " she says . Warzenski is grateful that he is safe and wo n't hurt himself in the middle of the night . He does not appear to be aware that he 's in a facility . At this point , she just wants him to be comfortable . "  For him to pass would be a blessing to him , " Warzenski said . "  He was a police officer . If he ever realized what had become of him , he would be mortified . " New research offers tips for Alzheimer 's caregivers	About 10 million baby boomers will develop Alzheimer 's , the Alzheimer 's Association says More than 15 million Americans are providing unpaid care for a person with dementia Do n't begin conversations with people with dementia with "  Do you remember ... " Instead , try saying "  Was n't it fun when we ... "
CNN  -- Chris Helmbrecht is a 37-year-old German who lived in New York and Spain before moving to Moscow nearly six years ago . He runs an advertising agency and also writes Moscow Blog , a lifestyle blog about the city . Chris Helmbrecht : "  Not many places have as much energy as Moscow . " CNN : You 've traveled around a lot -- what makes Moscow unique ? Chris Helmbrecht : Not many places have so much energy and so many things going on . It can be very nerve wracking and exhausting , but on the other hand it 's very exciting . New York is one of those places , Tokyo too , but there are only a handful of cities in the world that have that kind of energy . CNN : You used to be a DJ -- what 's your opinion of Moscow 's nightlife ? CH : For some people the nightlife is the best in the world , but for me it 's very commercial and posh . You can sum it up in one sentence , which is a general thing about Moscow : people here live "  Sex and the City . " They just want to go out and spend money and pretend they 're rich and successful and live this dream . I recently had a conversation with the club editor of Timeout Moscow and I asked her if she thought the clubs were suffering right now with the economy . She said that in the modern "  New Russian " culture people would rather sell their Mercedes than not go out and spend anywhere between $ 4,000 and $ 6,000 on a table in a club and admit that they 're not rich anymore . Moscow is dominated by posh parties , but it 's no different at a subculture place like a techno club -- you 're always judged by the labels you wear , the car you drive and the music you identify yourself with . CNN : Where do you like to go in the city ? CH : Novodevichy Monastery is a really beautiful old monastery . Stalin demolished a lot of churches and monasteries but this one was spared . There 's a pond below it that you can walk around , and all the Russian Orthodox popes are buried in he cemetery . It 's a very nice place . Another place is would be Vorobyovy Gory  Sparrow Hills  , where you can look out over Moscow . It 's pretty industrial looking but it has good views . I also enjoy the center of Moscow . I like hanging out on the roof bar of a hotel , having a drink , looking out over Red Square . It makes you feel like you 're away from the noise of the city . What makes Moscow special to you ? Let us know . CNN : What do Muscovites do at the weekend ? CH : It depends on the time of year , but in the summer they take every opportunity to get out of the city . Everyone has a little weekend house called a "  dacha " and every Friday night after work people leave the city . From 4pm in the afternoon to 10pm at night you have long traffic jams on all the roads out of the city . People will spend three or four hours in traffic jams just to travel 60km -- and on the way back on Sunday and Monday mornings it 's the same . Some "  dachas " are really basic wooden houses and some are palaces but every family has one , or even two or three . People go out to the woods or lakes and they have barbeques , they drink and they do some gardening . They value this "  dacha " life so much that they 're willing to spend 6 hours in traffic to spend 1 1/2 days in the woods . CNN : So is Moscow is deserted in the summertime ? CH : Moscow is very quiet in the summertime -- it 's my favorite time . You can already notice that there are less people in the clubs and less people in the streets at the weekend . Towards the end of June , Moscow is really empty . You really notice it from the middle of July until September , when it 's school vacations . CNN : Has Moscow change a lot since you moved there ? CH : Yes -- you can see it renewing itself . I know how it went with Berlin -- in 10 years you wo n't recognize Moscow anymore . Streets have changed so much in the last five years , in a good way and a bad way . A lot of cool-looking brick buildings were torn down to create business centers , but on the other hand you have great new modern buildings and hotels -- the Ritz Carlton for example . There are lots of new museums popping up , art centers , alternative art , new shops and cafes . It 's so different to when I came here five years ago and to be honest , I never would have expected it . CNN : What do you miss about Moscow when you 're away ? CH : I miss the excitement . There 's something going on all the time . There 's so much choice in terms of theater , classical ballet , the nightlife , the galleries . You have that in Berlin but it 's harder to find and not as exciting , and New York has lost a lot of its flavor , glamour and energy at the moment . CNN : If Moscow were a person , what would he or she be like ? CH : An ugly princess who wears a lot of makeup and tries to be pretty ! She would probably seem pretty rude , but inside she 's a good person .	Chris Helmbrecht is a 37-year-old German who now lives in Moscow He says Moscow 's energy makes it exciting , but it can be exhausting Muscovites love to get out of the city at the weekend , says Chris "  Moscow is renewing itself . In 10 years you wo n't recognize it , " he says
Brain scans may identify which patients suffering from mild cognitive impairment , or MCI , are likely to progress to Alzheimer 's disease , and who will probably not develop the disease , according to a new study . The findings , published in April 2009 issue of the journal Radiology , could help in developing new drugs for Alzheimer 's . More than 5 million Americans have Alzheimer 's disease , about 3.5 million have mild cognitive impairment . What did the brain scans show ? Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN chief medical correspondent : This was a small but significant study in the fact that it may lead researchers to determine who will develop Alzheimer 's disease and who may not . I had a chance to view the brain scans used in this study and they were truly fascinating . The images of patients with Alzheimer 's showed many areas throughout the brain where the cells and tissue have begun to deteriorate or have already died . We know Alzheimer 's is a neurodegenerative disease and when the cells die , patients begin to experience loss of cognitive function . Although all the patients with MCI experienced mild memory problems , not affecting their daily life , inside their brains looked very different . One group looked very similar to the brain of the Alzheimer 's patients . The other MCI group showed very little cell damage . What does this mean for patients with MCI ? Gupta : What this tells us is no two patients with MCI are the same . And some may progress to an Alzheimer 's diagnosis in less that a year . These researchers looked at follow-up imaging a year later and found 30 percent of the group whose brains showed signs of cell loss were now Alzheimer 's patients . This is a potential clue in trying to figure out who is most likely to develop Alzheimer 's later on in life . Not ready for prime time yet , in terms of patients having access to these scan results , but it could be available a few years from now . Is there anything people can do as they age to keep their brain strong ? Gupta : Yes , various cognitive exercises and memory activities can help keep your brain healthy and maintain cell production . But there is n't a lot of evidence showing that it can somehow reverse the effects of cell loss after getting an Alzheimer 's diagnosis . What I found even more interesting , is something I started to incorporate into my own life : simple physical exercise . I am not talking about necessarily strenuous exercise , but simple , regular daily activity . Studies show it has a way of fueling your brain and even ward off Alzheimer 's . I would say cognitive and physical activity is your best bet for now .	Key structural changes seen in brain scans of some patients with memory loss One year later , many patients with brain changes had developed Alzheimer 's Memory-loss patients without these changes were mostly stable one year later Brain scans could identify who gets Alzheimer 's , help with drug testing The bottom line : The average person ca n't run out and get an MRI that shows if they 're on the road to Alzheimer 's just yet . But these findings could help drugmakers as well as patients in the future .
CNN  -- Laura Kassem had tripped before . But this time , she fell hard . She could n't seem to control her body as she went down , even to protect her face from hitting the concrete sidewalk . It happened again the next day as she stepped off an escalator . Then again in the parking garage on Monday when she went to work . "  I had no idea what was going on , " the 33-year-old remembers . "  I had no idea why I would just drop all of a sudden . " The third time , she went to the emergency room , where a neurologist ordered an MRI and a cardiologist performed a tilt test -- normally done on patients who faint because of a sudden drop in blood pressure . The tests revealed nothing . Doctors sent Kassem home with instructions to drink more water . Kassem continued to trip over nothing . So she went to the Cleveland Clinic , where she says her symptoms "  baffled " doctors in the rheumatology , cardiology and neurology departments . Back home in Sylvania , Ohio , a suburb of Toledo , Kassem made an appointment with an orthopedic surgeon to address the extreme pain in her hips and lower back . He sent her to a neurosurgeon , who in turn sent her to see a neurologist who specialized in neuromuscular disorders . Meanwhile , Kassem tried to avoid open spaces . She hugged walls so that if her body froze up , she would n't fall flat on her face . She already had a few loose teeth , and her nose was a mix of blue and purple . One night , Kassem and her sister were watching "  20/20 " when the woman being interviewed began describing Kassem 's symptoms . The woman had been diagnosed with Stiff Person Syndrome , or SPS , a rare neurological disorder characterized by painful muscle spasms and progressive stiffness in the lower back and limbs . Could that be it ? the Kassems asked themselves . They had never heard of SPS . But Kassem 's latest neurologist thought they could be right . While waiting for the test results , he put Kassem on benzodiazepine , a medication that is known to lessen the symptoms of SPS . It worked . For the first time in nearly a year , Kassem was able to walk without assistance . Read more of Laura 's story on iReport The exact prevalence of Stiff Person Syndrome is unknown , according to the National Organization for Rare Disorders , but one estimate places it at one in every 1 million people . That means about 316 people in the United States have it . The exact cause of SPS is also unknown . Doctors believe it has something to do with a deficiency of glutamic acid decarboxylase , or GAD . GAD is involved in the body 's production of gamma-aminobutyric acid , which helps control muscle movement . In patients with SPS , antibodies mistakenly attack certain neurons that produce GAD , leaving the body without the protein it needs . The symptoms of SPS generally start to appear in patients after age 30 . People with SPS initially experience muscle stiffness or discomfort . As the disease progresses , muscle spasms and rigidity become more pronounced . These muscle spasms can last anywhere from a few minutes to several hours , and are triggered by unexpected noises , physical contact , stress and/or emotional anxiety . "  I 've fallen on the streets and prayed to God that someone would n't run over me , " says Ingrid Steppan , who was diagnosed with SPS five years ago . "  My husband ca n't touch my arm . My kids ca n't give me hugs . " Steppan compares the muscle spasms to childbirth . Imagine contractions felt in the uterus happening from your neck down to your toes , she says . The whole body goes stiff -- hence the syndrome 's name . When she first began experiencing symptoms , Steppan could n't dress herself . Her 9-year-old son had to help her put on her underwear , because his older siblings had all moved out and her husband went to work early . "  It was embarrassing for him and it was embarrassing for me , " she remembers . "  We both cried . " Treatment has helped . While there is no cure yet for SPS , patients are often put on benzodiazepines to treat muscle stiffness and calm the spasms . Anti-seizure medications and painkillers are sometimes prescribed as well to lessen symptoms . Yet after years of freezing and falling unexpectedly because of stress or sudden sounds , many patients with SPS develop agoraphobia , an irrational fear of certain places and/or situations . They become housebound , unable to venture outside their comfort zone . "  My mind knows I 'm OK , but my body wo n't cooperate , " Steppan says . "  If I try to go outside , my body completely stiffens up , and I will fall over flat . You can put a sticker on my head and put me up for sale . I 'm a statue for your lawn . " A few years ago , Steppan underwent intravenous immunoglobulin therapy , or IVIg , a common treatment for patients with SPS . With IVIg , a concentrated solution of sterilized antibodies is given to the patient through one of their veins . IVIg is most commonly used to help people with autoimmune disorders . Although SPS is a neurological disorder , it has "  features " of an autoimmune disease , according to the National Institutes of Health . Those features could eventually lead scientists to a cure . Dr. Harry Atkins , medical director of regenerative medicine at Ottawa Hospital Research Institute in Ontario , Canada , has been studying the effects of stem cell transplantation on autoimmune diseases for close to a decade . Five years ago , a patient with SPS approached him with her medical history . She had done her research , Atkins says , and told him that a stem cell transplant could restore her immune system -- ridding it of the antibodies fighting against GAD production . "  She made a very compelling case that this was worth trying , " Atkins remembers . "  That 's how I learned about Stiff Person Syndrome . " During a stem cell transplant , doctors use strong doses of chemotherapy to wipe out the patient 's immune system . They then return purified bone marrow stem cells to the body . "  It appears that as the immune system regrows , it 's like a baby 's immune system , " Atkins says . "  It recognizes what 's part of the body , and is able to fight against germs and pathogens . " It 's a dangerous procedure . When their immune system is wiped out , patients are prone to infection and organ damage . As such , it is reserved for those with only the most severe autoimmune diseases . Atkins decided SPS fit that bill and performed the stem cell transplant . His first SPS patient is now symptom-free , he says , and off all medications typically used for treating the rare disorder . He performed another transplant on a second SPS patient two years ago . That patient is symptom-free as well , he says , though she still relies on a few medications . "  I did n't believe the procedure would work so well , " Atkins says . "  It 's like a miracle to see what she was like before , and to see her now -- it 's quite dramatic . " Steppan will be Atkins ' third SPS patient . Last week , doctors harvested her stem cells for sterilization . She hopes to receive her last dose of chemotherapy soon , so they can then start rebuilding her immune system . Atkins is cautious about saying stem cell transplantation is the definitive treatment for Stiff Person Syndrome . The results have been encouraging , but the procedure has only been done in two patients . The rarity of the disease makes it difficult to find research funding -- not to mention participants . All three procedures were performed in Canada under the country 's universal health care system . Doctors at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle have an open clinical trial protocol for doing stem cell transplants on patients with Stiff Person Syndrome , says Dr. George Georges . Unfortunately , most insurance carriers in the United States will not cover the cost of the transplant . Kassem is trying to raise $ 400,000 as a deposit . The Ohio resident has been bedridden since October . She has spasms that cause her whole body to stretch out and shake . Her brother is the only one strong enough to bend her legs when they go stiff . She lives with her parents , and someone has to be home 24/7 . Kassem has made many new friends through rare disease support groups online . They 're so few and far between it 's often the only way patients with SPS can find each other . She and Steppan have communicated through Facebook . "  It 's a very lonely life , " Steppan says . "  I talk to them every day and they talk to me . ... These people need to believe that there 's hope . " See more stories from people living with Stiff Person Syndrome	Stiff Person Syndrome is a rare disorder that causes painful muscle spasms and stiffness Experts estimate one in every 1 million people has SPS Stem cell transplantation may successfully treat this debilitating disease
Gilchrist , Texas  CNN  -- Jesse Matthew , a suspect in the disappearance of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham , was questioned in connection with an alleged sexual assault nearly 12 years ago , authorities said Thursday . However , no charges were filed because the woman did n't want to go forward with the case and investigators determined there was n't enough evidence to arrest Matthew , said Michael Doucette , the commonwealth 's attorney for Lynchburg , Virginia . According to a statement from Lynchburg police , a woman reported she was raped on the campus of Liberty University on October 17 , 2002 . Matthew told authorities that the woman consented , Doucette said , adding that there were no witnesses . On Thursday , Matthew was sitting in a Texas jail cell , waiting for Virginia authorities to pick him up and take him back to Charlottesville , where he has been sought in the Graham case on suspicion of abduction with the intent to defile . He was in a Texas court twice Thursday . The second time , Judge Michelle Slaughter in Galveston asked whether he wanted to fight extradition or would agree to be sent to back to Virginia . Matthew agreed to the extradition . Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo told reporters that he thought Matthew would be moved Friday . He had no comment when asked about the 2002 case . Earlier , Matthew appeared before Galveston County Judge Mark Henry on a charge of giving false information to a Texas peace officer . Jesse Matthew 's father spoke publicly for the first time Thursday since Graham disappeared about two weeks ago . He said his son would not have harmed Graham . "  For a big man , he 's as gentle as they come , " Jesse Matthew Sr. told CNN affiliate WTVR . "  The only thing I could see , him , maybe trying to give the girl a ride or help her out . "  To kill or hurt somebody , that 's not my son . " Found camping on the beach Authorities found Matthew on a Galveston County beach some 1,300 miles from where he 's wanted in the disappearance . Deputies were tipped off to Matthew 's whereabouts when they got a call about a suspicious person camping on the beach . One responded and ran the license plate of that person 's vehicle . It came back as wanted , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . Matthew did not resist arrest , Galveston County Sheriff Henry Trochesset told reporters Thursday . The sheriff added that investigators from Virginia were examining a car and a tent found at Matthew 's campsite and hoped to speak to Matthew later . Mike Rodenberg , a vacationer who was fishing near the campsite when Matthew was arrested , said the big man came up to him to ask about why he was throwing some of his catch back . Rodenberg had just tossed back a red fish when Matthew approached . "  He seemed real nice . He was real soft spoken , " Rodenberg said . "  He  said he was down here from New Jersey and was looking for a job . I told him if I caught another red fish he could have it . " Matthew told him that his name was George , Rodenberg said . Nothing really seemed out of the ordinary until the police showed up after a female caller reported a suspicious person . Lawyer : No comment at this point Matthew 's Virginia-based lawyer had little to say about his client when approached earlier outside his Charlottesville office . "  I am Mr. Matthew 's attorney , " James Camblos said . "  I was hired on Saturday . That 's the only thing that I 'm going to confirm at this point . The family and I -- nobody is making any statements at this point in time . We might later on , but right now we are not . " His comments came a day after authorities obtained an arrest warrant for his client , who police believe was the last person with Graham . Matthew willingly went to a police station over the weekend , when there was no warrant for his arrest , Longo said . He asked for a lawyer . They spoke and then left , the police chief said . Authorities are now offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of Graham , 18 , a second-year student at the University of Virginia . The Northern Virginia native is 5 feet 11 inches tall with a slender build and has light brown hair , blue eyes and freckles . She was last seen September 13 wearing a black crop top and capri pants . She had an iPhone in a pink case . "  We have no idea whatsoever where she is , " Longo said Thursday . They have received 1,500 tips so far in the case and are urging anyone with information to call the police tip line at 434-295-3851 . Hannah Graham disappearance : What we know Graham was last seen in an area of Charlottesville known as the Downtown Mall . Investigators have been looking for her since , and over an increasingly large area . "  We 're asking for a broader community search with property owners , " Longo told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Wednesday night . Specifically , he said he wants owners of large parcels of property in surrounding counties to search their land and report back . Authorities have previously searched Matthew 's apartment and car . Although they have declined to discuss the specifics of what might have been found , potential evidence was sent to a lab for analysis . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Jean Casarez , Ed Payne and journalist Betsy Kaufman contributed to this report .	NEW : Father says Jesse Matthew is a gentle man NEW : Vacationer says he spoke with Matthew before arrest ; "  he seemed real nice " Matthew was never charged in 2002 case due to lack of evidence University of Virginia student Hannah Graham was last seen on September 13
EW.com  -- Fox may have passed up the chance to develop "  Modern Family " a few years back , but they still have Ed O'Neill 's other big sitcom hit in the vault . Fox is going to re-air the pilot to "  Married ... with Children " as part of its 25th-anniversary celebration . The episode will be followed by an encore of "  The Simpsons ' " 500th episode and then the network 's 25th Anniversary Special . The caustic family sitcom starring O'Neill as a lazy , bitter husband launched in 1987 and was a game-changing hit for Fox during its early years . The comedy also helped brand the network as having more of an edge than its more traditional broadcast rivals . The episode will air Sunday , April 22 at 7 p.m. See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox is going to re-air the pilot to "  Married ... with Children " This is a part of its 25th-anniversary celebration The episode will be followed by an encore of "  The Simpsons ' " 500th episode
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The newly appointed Japanese ambassador to China has died after taking ill and collapsing in Tokyo late last week . In a brief statement , the Japanese Foreign Ministry confirmed Shinichi Nishimiya , 60 , died on Sunday after spending the weekend in hospital because of his "  health condition . " He collapsed just two days after being appointed to the job . The ministry did not disclose any further details about what had happened . Panasonic closes China plants after protests Previously a deputy minister for foreign affairs , Nishimiya was due to replace the current Japanese envoy in Beijing , 72-year-old Uichiro Niwa , in the coming weeks amid heightened tensions between Japan and China . The Japanese government 's recent purchase of a set of disputed islands in the East China Sea from a private owner has angered Beijing , which has called the acquisition "  illegal and invalid . " Asian islands dispute : Who claims what ? On Friday China sent six surveillance vessels to carry out patrols around the remote islands , which Japan calls Senkaku and China calls Diaoyu , in an effort to underscore its claim to sovereignty . The ships briefly entered Japanese territorial waters despite warnings not to do so , the Japanese Coast Guard said . The dispute also hit a nerve with many ordinary Chinese , as tens of thousands took to the streets at the weekend to protest against Japan 's stance . In Beijing , Japan 's embassy was attacked with eggs and bottles , while angry mobs in other cities across China ransacked Japanese businesses and burned Japanese-made cars . iReport : Caught in anti-Japan protest Though Japanese officials have sought to play down the significance of the deal to buy the islands , the dispute has come to represent what many Chinese people see as unfinished business : redressing the impact of the Japanese occupation of large swathes of eastern China during the 1930s and 1940s . China says its claim goes back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Japanese Foreign Ministry confirms Shinichi Nishimiya , 60 , died on Sunday Nishimiya was due to replace the current Japanese envoy in Beijing -- Uichiro Niwa His death comes amid worsening relations between China and Japan Both countries claim sovereignty over a group of islands in the East China Sea
Every once in a while , people get all crazy about the idea that some people might "  import " drugs from Canada . Many pharmaceuticals are much cheaper in that country and many Americans , especially those who live on the border , are sometimes tempted to buy their drugs there . Inevitably , when this topic comes up for debate , someone questions the safety of those drugs . This concern is somewhat overblown . Canada is n't a banana republic , and it does a rather good job of ensuring the safety of its citizens without our help . Moreover , it 's a concern that ignores that the vast , vast majority of drugs we buy here are not manufactured here . We import most of what we consume . For some reason , we do n't seem to be as concerned about the safety of our drugs here are home . It turns out , though , that we might need to rethink that , according to a recent story in The New York Times . For some time , many people , including me , have been advocating for greater use of generic and over-the-counter drugs over bioequivalent name brand drugs because they would result in significantly decreased health care spending . Those arguments have resonated with the American people , and generic drug use has increased dramatically . In response , countries have massively increased their capacity to produce such drugs . For instance , about 40 % of all over-the-counter and generic drugs used in the United States are produced in India . In response to this and other factors , the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act was passed in July of 2012 . Part of the law involved changes to generic drug user fees . Companies looking for approval now need to pay some extra money to allow for better inspection of production facilities . And in India , those inspections are bearing fruit . Last year , inspectors from the FDA looked at 160 drug plants there . What they found was often quite concerning . Drugs were sometimes adulterated or contaminated . Facilities were often filthy or infested with bugs . They also caught some executives lying to them , leading to felony charges . As you can imagine , this is leading many pharmaceutical companies to question whether India is a safe and reasonable place to manufacture their drugs . India 's drug industry is in a panic . They should be . The World Health Organization has , for years , monitored the use of falsified or counterfeit medicines , and some of the problems have been in the United States . The New York Times documents many instances in many countries where improperly made or counterfeit drugs led to serious consequences , including deaths . Many people have legitimate concerns about how much regulation goes into the approval of drugs in the United States . Some believe the FDA is too cautious and makes it too difficult for people to get the medicines they want or need . But examples like this are a cautionary tale about how some regulation is necessary . Without proper oversight , people in the United States , not some Third World nation , are at risk for buying counterfeit drugs in their pharmacies . They are at risk not only for not getting the benefit they expect but also a negative consequence they did n't see coming . In many ways , you get what you pay for . Companies have been using India for production largely because they have been able to do it so cheaply . But it 's becoming apparent that one of the reasons for those low costs may be because they were doing a much less-than-perfect job . Fixing the problem will likely mean that they will lose their competitive advantage . If pharmaceutical companies move out of India , they will likely decide to go to other countries that can also offer cheap services . One of those is likely China . But China , unlike India , has blocked U.S. efforts to send FDA inspectors . We 're in a similar situation to what we had in India before the increased oversight . This is far from over . We need to be vigilant . We also need to support the government in its efforts to protect us overseas . Fixing this problem , both now and in the future , will require resources and a firm stance . It may also require us to pay more for our drugs than we have in the past . That wo n't be popular , but sometimes good things cost money .	Aaron Carroll : Americans worry about safety of buying cheaper drugs in Canada Carroll : We import 40 % of our drugs from India ; contamination and fake pills are a problem He says India allowed inspections ; China , which also makes drugs , resists them Carroll : We need to support the government in its efforts to protect us overseas
CNN  -- Detroit Mayor David Bing called Tuesday 's 85 fires in the city a "  natural disaster " and defended the fire department 's response . "  I have ultimate confidence in the Detroit Fire Department , " he said at a Wednesday afternoon news conference . "  I think they 've done an outstanding job . " Asked whether the department was adequately staffed or had enough equipment Tuesday , Bing said the important thing was that no one was hurt or killed . "  I do n't care how much money you have . When something like this happens , all you can do is respond , " he said . Fire Commissioner James Mack Jr. said the department is budgeted for about 500 firefighters , about 20 fewer positions than last year . About 236 firefighters fought Tuesday 's fires across much of the city and took no breaks , Mack added . The inferno was a perfect storm , and was aggravated by high winds and downed power lines , the officials said . "  It just created a firestorm where we had fires , " the fire commissioner said , adding that at least eight of the fires were linked to downed power lines and two to arson , though he said those numbers may change . He said response times might have been slow because of the volume of calls and officials having to prioritize the fires , especially if some were at vacant residences . Monday morning quarterbacking of resources is always easy to do , Mack said . "  I have to balance safety of public and the monies the department has . " CNN iReporter Joe Wilk , who recorded video of flames and their charred aftermath Tuesday and Wednesday , said that one fire spread to about 10 homes in an hour . "  It 's pretty tragic . How many people just lost their houses and everything they own ? " he asked . A woman told him that firefighters did n't arrive for an hour to fight the fire , which also destroyed garages . "  A lot of these fires were due to high winds and downed wires , " said Karen Dumas , a city spokeswoman . "  We had winds from 30 to 50 mph and have a number of downed power wires , " Mack said . "  We are attributing some of the fires to downed power wires , which makes more fires with the wind being so strong . " Mack said that between 8 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. , the fire department responded to 140 calls of wires down before the evening outbreak . Fire officials said Wednesday that there were still hot spots and downed power lines in the city . Fire departments in the neighboring towns of Warren , Dearborn and Harper Woods helped Detroit firefighters . Mack said perhaps he should have asked for help earlier . "  It 's a matter of public safety , " Dumas said . "  We have enough resources to manage our daily demands , but that was an unusual and concentrated number of fires . " City officials say they will be communicating with DTE Energy about its response to downed power lines . Bing said he was heartened by the community response . "  I want to thank the residents who came and did what they needed to do , " the mayor said . "  That 's one of the cultural changes we are starting to see here in the city . I think our community understands we are all in this together . "	He defends fire department response , staffing The fire department responded to 140 calls for wires down 85 fires were reported across Detroit over a four-hour period
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Tired of the same old engagement and wedding photos ? The cliched poses in gardens or on beaches ? Then take some inspiration from the creative couples in Hong Kong , who are memorializing their love with unconventional photo shoots featuring such surreal backdrops as giant cats or pastries . Many couples in the city opt to take engagement photos months before the big day , a tradition that started in Taiwan and has now spread to China and South Korea . The more adventurous are opting for photo shoots that diverge from the standard scenes , and instead reflect something about their personalities , passions or the story of their love . Read more : Shanghai 's bikini brides and Speedo grooms Kim Lee wanted a theme that reflected her love of food , so her photos with her fiancÃ © Daniel Chan feature the couple sitting on giant egg tarts and macaroons . Yvonne Ho , the wedding planner behind Lee and Chan 's shoot , said planning this sort of photography is closer to an advertising or fashion shoot . Ho works to create an individualized concept for each couple , so they come away feeling she has presented the story of their life together . "  I want to share their love , " she said , adding that her responsibility is to "  tell the story by the photos . " In the case of sporting enthusiasts Kenny Tang and Olivia Kok , Ho enlisted a professional underwater photographer to capture the couple 's active lifestyle . Tang and Kok jumped into a swimming pool fully clothed and relied on scuba tanks to breathe underwater . Read more : Underwater weddings in Thailand The average couple in Hong Kong spends $ 2700  HK$ 20,969  on engagement photos , according to e-commerce website ESDlife . That is twice the amount they 're willing to spend on a photographer for their wedding . The unusual engagement photos are typically printed into albums and turned into slideshows that are displayed on their wedding day . Read more : Fairytale Indian wedding photography For Wancy Wong , she could n't bear the thought of leaving her 19-year-old pet cat out of her engagement photos . She worked with Ho to plan a series of poses that featured her fiancÃ © , Frankie Cheung and her cat , Ah B . When the cat died just before the planned photo shoot , Wong was heartbroken and shelved the idea . But after a few months , Ho encouraged Wong to revisit the concept and turn her wedding photos into a tribute . With a little help from Photoshop , Ho superimposed images of the couple onto old photos of Ah B. "  I 'm very happy with the result , " Wong said . "  Many of my friends also grew up with my cat so they were glad to see it in my photos . " Anjali Tsui contributed to this report .	Unusual pre-wedding photos are becoming more popular in Hong Kong Digitally-altered images show couples posing before backdrops of cats and foods For many , the "  engagement photos " have become a bigger event than the wedding photos
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama 's 30-minute TV ad , which ran simultaneously on broadcast and cable networks at 8 p.m. ET Wednesday , is muscle-flexing that has little precedent , a campaign advertising expert said . Sen. Barack Obama aired a 30-minute campaign ad Wednesday night . "  It 's evidence , if you needed any , that the Obama campaign has more money than there is ad time left to buy , " said Evan Tracey , director of the Campaign Media Analysis Group . "  This is flexing the muscles . " Tracey estimates that it will cost the campaign "  in the $ 4 to 5 million range -- at a minimum , $ 3.5 million . " But , he said , spending the money is a "  no-brainer " for the Democratic presidential hopeful . "  The strategic brilliance of this for Obama is that he is going to consume about 24 hours of the news cycle , " Tracey said . "  It boxes -LSB- John -RSB- McCain in , takes the oxygen out of the room . " In the carefully produced infomercial , Obama laid out his plans for the economy and for bringing an end to the war in Iraq . It also featured stories of struggling families in swing states such as Ohio and Missouri and included testimonials from high-profile supporters , including Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius and New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson . iReport.com : What do you want to ask Sen. Obama ? Obama 's Republican opponent , Arizona Sen. John McCain , was not mentioned , nor was the GOP . The spot ended with a brief , live Obama address to a rally in Florida , another hotly contested state in this year 's campaign . "  I 'm reminded every single day that I am not a perfect man , " he said . "  I will not be a perfect president . "  But I can promise you this : I will always tell you what I think and where I stand . I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face . I will listen to you when we disagree . And , most importantly , I will open the doors of government and ask you to be involved in your own democracy again . " There was so much buzz surrounding the infomercial -- which was announced about two weeks ago -- that on Tuesday , Time magazine 's Mark Halperin put the ad 's two editors on his daily list of the "  five most important people in American politics not running for president . " Watch more on the Obama campaign ad buy " Those editors , Erik Smith and Mark Putnam , were "  still in an edit room " cutting the 30-minute piece Tuesday when he published the list , according to Halperin , Time 's editor-at-large and senior political analyst . The ad ran at 8 p.m. ET on CBS , NBC , MSNBC , Fox , BET , TV One and Univision , the Spanish-language network , six days before Election Day . CNN declined to run the spot , and talks between ABC and the Obama campaign fell apart . "  We were approached by the Obama campaign and declined their request , " said Sal Petruzzi , senior vice president for public relations of Turner Broadcasting , CNN 's parent company . "  We did not want to pre-empt our programming lineup with a 30-minute spot . We would rather use our air to continue to cover the campaign , candidates and issues like we always do , from all points of view with the best political team on television . " An ABC spokeswoman declined to comment about the network 's talks with the Obama campaign . "  As a matter of policy we do n't comment about clients with whom we are doing business , " said Julie Hoover of ABC . The Obama campaign has bought advertising on ABC in the past , she said , "  but they did not buy the half-hour . " Obama taped an interview Wednesday with ABC 's Charles Gibson , which is to run Thursday , his campaign said . A source familiar with ABC policy suggested the network had offered the Obama campaign a different time slot . "  Hypothetically , we would have offered them equivalent time , " the source said . "  We do n't have to give them the exact slot they are asking for . " Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton said ABC had ultimately offered Obama the slot he wanted , but the campaign turned it down . "  By the time they agreed , we had already committed our resources , " Burton said . The Obama campaign reported last week that it had raised a record-shattering $ 150 million in September . Obama has outspent McCain by a huge margin , according to CNN 's consultant on ad spending . Between the time the two candidates clinched their party 's nominations in the spring and October 25 , Obama spent more than $ 205 million on TV ads . McCain spent more than $ 119 million , according to TNS Media Intelligence/Campaign Media Analysis Group . The McCain campaign launched an ad Wednesday attacking Obama for his 30-minute special . "  Behind the fancy speeches , grand promises and TV special lies the truth : With crises at home and abroad , Barack Obama lacks the experience America needs , " the ad said . The timing of Obama 's informercial pushed back the start of a World Series game , provoking a jab from McCain during a Wednesday afternoon appearance in Florida . "  It used to be that only rain or some other act of God could delay the World Series , " he said . "  But I guess network executives figured an Obama infomercial was close enough . " The Obama campaign did not ask that the game be delayed , said a spokesman for Fox , which broadcasts the World Series . "  They asked Fox to buy the air time , " the spokesman said . "  Fox went to our partner , Major League Baseball , and asked if it would be OK to delay the game to take this important political advertisement . They agreed . " MLB 's willingness to delay the fall classic for a political ad shows how very unusual the Obama TV spot is . "  Ross Perot did it in 1992 , but it was n't this close to Election Day , and now you have a very different media consumption environment . You did n't have the cable then , " Tracey said . "  There is no precedent for this sort of an ad this late in the race . " CNN Associate Political Editor Rebecca Sinderbrand and CNN Entertainment 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama ad features stories of struggling families , high-profile endorsements NEW : Obama discusses plans for economy , bringing end to Iraq war NEW : On ad 's timing , McCain says it used to take "  act of God " to delay World Series McCain launched an ad attacking Obama for his 30-minute special
CNN  As thousands of South Africans took to the streets of the city of Durban to rally against violence and xenophobia , an online community has joined the protests . The marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives . During the protest march Thursday , Twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns . #PeaceMarch and #SayNoToXenophobia were some of the most popular . South African Police Services said more than 10,000 people attended the march , including civil rights groups and nongovernmental organizations . Hashtags are now pouring out of South Africa . But many are asking , some via Twitter , is it enough to fight #xenophobia ? Attacks this week in Durban alone have killed two immigrants and three South Africans , including a 14-year-old boy , authorities said . For South African Tim Flack , tweeting was n't going to make a bit of difference . Flack , who lives in Cape Town , has brought allegations of hate speech and human rights violations against Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini , who he said referred to foreigners as "  lice " and has said "  they should pack their bags and go . " "  People listen to him , " Flack said . "  He is a monarch . The Zulu people in South Africa take him very seriously , they do n't question what he says . " Flack said he was motivated to make the allegations after seeing multiple complaints about xenophobic violence on social media and thinking they were n't enough . So he filed a complaint with the South African Human Rights Commission , and then tweeted about it . "  The activists sit around feeling accomplished because they retweeted five times , " Flack said . "  I want to reach people who see that they can lay a charge and it wo n't cost them anything , but I will have done something to change the country and push it into a better state of being . " Now , the Human Rights Commission must decide whether to investigate Flack 's allegations against the King , who denies fueling any violence . Flack hopes others will also make complaints . Flack added that Zulus are n't the only people in South Africa who share in the xenophobic sentiment . "  People are frustrated and unemployed , and people in South Africa pay foreign nationals a lot less , " he said of the tension between nationals and immigrants . "  A domestic worker would ask for 250 rand a day to clean a house , whereas a foreign national would ask for 150 rand , so it causes resentment . " Imtiaz Sooliman , founder and chairman of the Gift of Givers Foundation in Durban , does n't think most South Africans are against foreigners . "  South Africans are against xenophobia , " said Sooliman , who insists the majority of the country is providing an overwhelming amount of support for foreign nationals . Gift of Givers has been administering assistance at five refugee camps set up by the South African government that now hold roughly 8,000 foreign national refugees , he said , passing out things like clothing and hygiene packs . The organization posts its work at the camps online and tags it on social media with #xenophobia . Why ? "  In South Africa , everyone knows xenophobia , " Sooliman said , "  and the way a disaster agency works is we post what people understand . So if you say #tsunami or #war , people follow it . So here , people say #xenophobia , and they all know what it is -- it is a disaster , so you are going to post what people understand . " He said South Africans also have been going to the camps , which are on sports fields with makeshift tents , bringing cooked food and other necessities . "  This is different from what happened in 2008 , " Sooliman said . That year , scores were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of Johannesburg . Most of the victims were Zimbabweans who had fled repression and dire economic circumstances . Sooliman said that along with the government strongly condemning the violence , community engagement is happening now as it never happened before . It is a kind of national unity that can be best summed up with another hashtag that has emerged from this story : #WeAreAfrica . Only time , or , tweets will tell if it works .	More than 10,000 people marched in Durban against violence , officials say Twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns A Cape Town resident tweets his complaints against a Zulu King
Washington  CNN  -- New documents made public this week about possible Secret Service misconduct include allegations of sexual abuse , domestic violence , drunken behavior and guns being accidentally discharged . The Department of Homeland Security 's Office of Inspector General released on Thursday logs of reports to its hotline dating to 2004 . The documents were made public while the office investigates reports of sexual misconduct by Secret Service personnel with prostitutes in Colombia ahead of President Barack Obama 's visit to the Summit of the Americas in Cartagena this spring . Many of the items are blacked out to redact names and other information , and in numerous instances it 's not possible to determine if the complaints were credible or if any action was taken . In one report dated August 23 , 2011 , a Secret Service employee said that during a work trip another employee pushed her onto a bed , got on top of her and tried to engage in sex . The woman said she told the agent "  no " several times and was able to push him off of her . The log says supervisors viewed the employee who complained of the assault as "  conscientious and dependable . " Her report was investigated and the matter was ended in February with some kind of "  administrative disposition " which was not specified . All the names were redacted . Another allegation made October 23 , 2003 , said that an agent forced a female acquaintance to have non-consensual sex with him at a hotel in Killeen , Texas . The case was closed in January 2005 and there is a notation saying "  allegation not substantiated . " That same month , an anonymous person reported that the FBI was investigating whether an agent was involved in a prostitution ring . The allegation was that FBI wiretaps recorded calls from two phones and the numbers traced back to the unidentified agent . According to the log note , the agent said he got a phone number "  from a woman handing out fliers on the street and called it out of curiosity . " The agent retired . A redacted October 7 , 2010 , entry with no specifics says there was a report a Secret Service employee might have been involved in the leak of national security information . The case appears to still be open . A number of reports concern off-duty Secret Service personnel being arrested for driving while under the influence of alcohol or for alleged domestic violence . There are also incidents of misfiring guns while on the job , including a September 26 , 2007 , log note that an agent accidentally discharged one round from a submachine gun while on temporary assignment in New York for the U.N. General Assembly . A Secret Service spokesman described the material as an intake log covering eight years with items that either mention the Secret Service or concern matters that have been referred to the law enforcement agency . "  The vast majority did not involve alleged misconduct by Secret Service agents or officers , " said spokesman Edwin Donovan . Bill Hillburg , a spokesman for the Office of Inspector General agreed that only a small number of the reports dealt with allegations against the Secret Service . "  None of it is related to our investigation of Secret Service behavior in Cartagena , " Hillburg said . He said all the hotline reports were noted and passed on to the Secret Service . Hillburg added that the hotline number is well-advertised to the public . The DHS released the 229 pages of log notes as a result of a Freedom of Information Act request by news media . Dozens of entries concern such things as Nigerian fraud schemes . Some items discuss possible terror concerns or threats against presidents . Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , who co-chairs the committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs , released a statement reacting to the logs . "  While some of the allegations proved to be unfounded or frivolous , others appear to be legitimate , and that adds to my concern about apparent misconduct by some of the personnel of this vital law enforcement agency , " said Collins , whose committee is investigating the Colombia incident . Collins added that in her committee 's hearing last month , it was revealed there have been 64 allegations of sexual misconduct by Secret Service employees over the past five years . One of those included a 2008 case in which an employee solicited a prostitute who was actually an undercover police officer . Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan testified before Collins and other members of the committee last month that the behavior by employees in Colombia was the result of poor choices by a dozen agents who were drinking heavily . "  This is not a cultural issue , " he said . The April scandal led to nine Secret Service members losing their jobs . Three others were cleared of serious misconduct . A dozen members of the military were also involved . Collins told Sullivan at that hearing , "  I continue to believe that the problem is broader than you believe it to be . "	Logs of reports to Inspector General 's hotline are made public Among the reports are allegations of misconduct by Secret Service personnel Those reports make up only a small portion of the eight years of records , officials say The logs were released as part of a FOIA request over the Secret Service scandal in Colombia
EW.com  -- With Tara  Maggie Siff  being led away in handcuffs in "  Sons of Anarchy 's " season 5 finale , it 's no surprise that Wendy  Drea de Matteo  , Jax 's ex-wife and mother of his first-born , Abel , will be back in the picture in season 6 . As TV Line was the first to report , de Matteo will reprise her role in multiple episodes . EW has confirmed the return engagement starts with the season 6 premiere in September . In the December finale , Tara had wanted Jax to sign legal documents naming Wendy as their sons ' legal guardian should anything happen to them . But after Tara 's arrest for conspiring to murder the prison nurse Otto stabbed with the crucifix she 'd brought him , Jax tore the papers in half . He 'd recently shot up recovering addict Wendy with heroin to discredit her should she try to pursue a custody battle for Abel , so we would n't expect him to welcome her help now . ` Dexter ' : Yvonne Strahovski returning Chatting with reporters last fall , de Matteo said she believed Wendy 's motives for wanting to form a relationship with Abel were pure : "  I think she is , probably after all of the treatment that she 's been through and now becoming a counselor herself , the healthiest of the bunch . It 's pretty crazy ... . It 's like watching a child grow up , to a certain degree . I think in the very beginning of the series she was extremely , extremely vulnerable . At first she was mess , then she was sober and a raw nerve . Now she comes back with her confidence in tact and not wanting to stir any sâ $ " up except to be a responsible party . And it seems the whole entire world has imploded , and she 's gon na have a hard time maneuvering within it because nobody 's stable over there . She 's now become the face of stability  Laughs  , which is kind of funny . " Connie Britton cast as Adam Driver GF Also scheduled to make an appearance in season 6 : A song on which SOA creator Kurt Sutter collaborated with de Matteo 's longtime partner , Shooter Jennings . Sutter wrote the lyrics and Jennings the music . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Wendy will be back in the picture on "  Sons of Anarchy 's " sixth season Drea de Matteo plays Wendy , Jax 's ex-wife and mother of his first-born de Matteo will reprise her role in multiple episodes
CNN  -- "  Hoylake , blown upon by mighty winds , breeder of mighty champions . " -- Bernard Darwin  1876-1961 - golf writer and grandson of British naturalist Charles Darwin In 1930 , in a small corner of England 's green and pleasant land , the idea for one of golf 's most desirable accoutrements was born . The champion golfer of the age -- American Bobby Jones -- won that year 's British Open at Hoylake , near the city of Liverpool , as the second leg of an unprecedented grand slam of championships . But before he would tame the winds of the Wirral Peninsula , and go on to win all four major titles on offer in a single season , Jones was invited to a players ' reception at the club . And it was this soiree that would sow the idea for Augusta 's legendary green jacket , awarded to the winner of The Masters . "  The story goes that Jones was sitting next to a chap called Kenneth Stoker , who was captain of the club the year before , " Hoylake club historian Joe Pinnington told CNN . "  All the captains were wearing their formal kit -- the red coats that we have . "  Jones asked about it , was fascinated by it , and eventually Stoker said to him : ` Now look here Mr. Jones , if you win the tournament this week I 'll give you my coat . ' "  Of course Jones won and he got the coat . " Atlanta-born Jones was afforded a ticker-tape parade in New York when he returned in early July with the British Open and British Amateur titles tucked away in his locker , along with that red blazer from Hoylake . He was the champion of a nation at a time when sport helped the American public escape the stench of poverty and despair in the wake of the Great Depression . But his mission was only half completed . Triumphs at the U.S. Open and the U.S. Amateur would follow , causing the New York Times to label Jones ' achievement "  the most triumphant journey that any man ever traveled in sport . " Having completed what was known as "  the impregnable quadrilateral " at the tender age of 28 , he promptly retired , exhausted from his feats , plunging a nation and a sport into mourning . His next project was Augusta National , a place for him to play with his pals away from the spotlight , a course that would stage the first incarnation of The Masters in 1934 . Three years later Augusta members started wearing green jackets to make themselves identifiable to patrons , and in 1949 it was decided that year 's victor , and all the previous champions , would be issued with their own version too . "  It 's a wonderful link for our golf club to have and the Masters is one of golf 's great events , " Pinnington says . "  That red jacket is now at Jones ' home course -- the Atlanta Athletic Club -- in a part of their museum which is called the Hoylake Room . "  We have a wonderful reciprocation with their club , a lot of their members are members at Hoylake and we have four or five who are members there . " Jones headed for Hoylake having secured the first leg of his historic quadruple at the home of golf -- St. Andrew 's in Scotland -- the week before . That made him a nine-time major champion and one of the most talked-about sportsmen of the day . Unsurprisingly , his arrival at Royal Liverpool Golf Club was headline news . "  Jones was at the height of his fame when he came to Hoylake , " explains Pinnington , a former club captain . "  He 'd eclipsed Walter Hagen and he was a phenomenal man who won 11 majors in total . "  Amateur golf was followed very closely in those days because professionals were not really socially acceptable . In 1930 , they were n't allowed through the front door of clubhouses . "  Jones came at a time when magazines likes Vanity Fair and Country Life as well as The Times and The Telegraph newspapers covered golf . "  For the first time sport was on the front pages and Jones was the hero of everybody . "  He was a magnetic sort of bloke . A good-looking man with a beautiful golf swing and a wonderful temperament , very different to the bad-tempered man who arrived in 1921 . " Jones had smoothed out his irascible constitution , the most famous eruption of which saw him pick up his ball and withdraw from the 1921 British Open at St. Andrew 's after a disastrous start . But though he exuded a confident air during the course of his four rounds in two days at Hoylake , he grappled desperately to combat the stress that plagued him on the inside . "  He fell apart during these championships because the nerves were overwhelming , " Pinnington says . "  He hardly ate -- he had a bit of toast and maybe a whiskey and water at the end of the day . He was in a right old ragged state . "  Although he looked totally supreme on the outside he was a complete wreck on the inside . There were a couple of British guys in contention but Jones ground out the last round to win by two from another American , Leo Diegel , and Macdonald Smith , from Scotland . "  It was a key part in his grand slam and we are amazingly lucky to have someone like that in our history at Hoylake . " The links between Hoylake and one of its most illustrious champions do n't end there . Jones ' ill health meant he had to decline an offer to return for the club 's centenary celebrations in 1969 , but contained within his correspondence was another accolade . He noted that his first competitive round in Britain came at Hoylake , during the inaugural international match between the United Kingdom and the United States in 1921 , as did his last -- the 1930 Open . Jones was made an honorary member in the wake of his latter triumph -- his third , having also won the Open at Royal Lytham and St. Anne 's in 1926 and at St. Andrew 's the following year . It gave Hoylake a unique hat-trick -- the only other amateur golfers to have won prestigious tournament  John Ball in 1890 and Harold Hilton in 1892 and 1897  were also Royal Liverpool members . Jones died in in 1971 , aged 69 , but a corner of Hoylake 's clubhouse is devoted to his feat and ensures his legacy lives on .	Hoylake , this year 's British Open host , was the inspiration for Augusta 's green jacket Bobby Jones was given a red jacket worn by captains of Hoylake on his visit in 1930 Jones won the Open at Hoylake on his way to a famous grand slam of golf that year The winner of The Masters at Jones ' club in Augusta got a green jacket from 1949
African football federation president Issa Hayatou has exclusively told CNN that Togo were not disqualified from the Africa Cup of Nations but were granted permission to leave . The Togo squad flew back home from Angola on January 9 after three of their travelling party were killed and two players seriously injured by a machine-gun attack which occurred as their bus crossed the border into the northern , oil-rich state of Cabinda two days earlier . It had initially been first thought that Togo had been disqualified after they failed to show for their first group game against Ghana on Monday . But Confederation of African Football  CAF  president Hayatou has since confirmed to CNN that they had not been expelled from the tournament but were granted special dispensation . "  Togo was n't disqualified - I want to tell you that Togo was n't disqualified . Togo left the competition following the tragic events that the delegation went through , " Hayatou told CNN . "  Because of what happened the Togolese delegation did n't have the morale or the conscience for them to participate in the tournament . "  We tried to convince them to stay and that life continues after all and that we share their sorrow and suffering . "  We completely understand what happened . The players wanted to stay but the government for their reasons did n't want the Togolese to stay so they left . "  CAF did everything possible to make sure that the Togo team stayed here for the Africa Cup of Nations . We acted and they left . "  Contrary to whatever you are saying they did n't get disqualified . They are the ones who decided to leave which we consented to . There is a difference . "  We would have wished them to stay . We would have wished them stay . We have done everything to possible so that Togo stays . "  They could n't stay . The players wanted to stay but the political authorities did n't want the delegation to stay . " Group B has now been reduced to three teams : Ghana , Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso . Angolan authorities have arrested two people involved in the attack , state media reported , while goalkeeper Kodjovi Obilale remains in a stable condition in a South African hospital but needs a ventilator as he recovers from being shot . Hayatou also defended CAF 's handling of the incident and , in particular , criticism about the amount of time they took to respond . He added : "  When we were told that Togo was attacked we immediately stopped our meeting that we were organizing . We are in Luanda and they were attacked far away ! "  We organized ourselves to go see them and this was done quickly for us to help our Togolese brothers . But people who say that we acted very late . I think that it is not right for the press to say so . "  On behalf of the federation , we managed that incident , not just the incident but the tragedy , with lots of tact and lots of honesty , and lots of courage . "  The incident happened ; everyone should have taken his own responsibility . "	CAF president Issa Hayatou has exclusively told CNN that Togo were not disqualified from the Africa Cup of Nations . Hayatou insisted Togo had not been expelled from the tournament in Angola but were granted dispensation . Togo flew home on January 9 after three of their travelling party were killed and two players seriously injured by a machine-gun attack .
CNN  -- The bitter back-and-forth between former President Bill Clinton and Sen. Barack Obama has led a prominent black lawmaker to tell the former president Monday to "  chill a little bit . " Sen. Barack Obama marches in a Martin Luther King memorial parade in Columbia , South Carolina , Monday . The two Democratic front-runners , Illinois Sen. Obama and New York Sen. Hillary Clinton , are locked in a battle for the key South Carolina primary this Saturday . As their campaign sparring continues , the Illinois senator seems to be spending almost as much time responding to Hillary Clinton 's husband as he does to the candidate herself . House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn , one of the most powerful African-Americans in Congress , weighed in on the feud Monday , saying it was time for Bill Clinton to watch his words . Bill Clinton has delivered full-throated attacks on Obama in recent days , accusing him of overstating his opposition to the war in Iraq , complaining about Obama 's union supporters in the Nevada caucuses last weekend and blasting his relatively mild praise for Republican icon Ronald Reagan during a Las Vegas newspaper interview . Obama adviser David Axelrod said the Clintons have been playing "  good cop , bad cop , " with him wielding the club while she stays positive . And Obama said Monday that Bill Clinton "  continues to make statements that are n't supported by the facts . " Bill Clinton 's attacks on Obama , Clyburn said in a CNN interview , were unfair because a former president 's viewpoint "  carries with it extra weight . " Watch Clyburn tell Clinton to ` chill ' " "  I think they would say in ` Gullah Geechee ' country he needs to chill a little bit . I hope he understands what that means , " Clyburn told CNN . "  I can understand him wanting to defend his wife 's honor and his own record , and that is to be expected . But you ca n't do that in a way that wo n't engender the kind of feelings that seem to be bubbling up as a result of this . " "  Gullah Geechee " refers to African-Americans who live in South Carolina 's Low Country region near the Atlantic coast . "  He is revered in many sections of the African-American community , and I think he can afford to tone it down , " Clyburn added . Black voters make up roughly half the Democratic electorate in the state , and Obama seems to have reversed Clinton 's early lead in that demographic , posting a huge edge over the New York senator in most recent polls of African-American primary voters . It 's a delicate situation for the Clintons , who have spent the month dealing with verbal missteps that have made waves in the African-American community . In a recent interview with The New York Times , Clyburn said he was disappointed with comments from Hillary Clinton that some took to suggest President Lyndon Johnson had more to do with passing the Civil Rights Act than Martin Luther King Jr. . "  We have to be very , very careful about how we speak about that era in American politics , " the South Carolina congressman said at the time . "  It is one thing to run a campaign and be respectful of everyone 's motives and actions , and it is something else to denigrate those . That bothered me a great deal . " He also expressed frustration over Bill Clinton 's recent remark that the characterization of Obama 's record on Iraq as consistently antiwar is a "  fairy tale . " Last week , Clyburn said it was time for both Hillary Clinton and Obama to move on . Clyburn insists he will not endorse any presidential candidate , upholding a pledge to the candidates and to the Democratic Party that he would stay out of the race ahead of his state 's key January vote . After losing the caucus tally in Nevada this weekend , the Obama campaign took aim at the former president . In an interview that aired on ABC Monday morning , Obama himself took on the former president , saying that he feels as if he 's running against both Clintons . In the interview , Obama said the former president has been misrepresenting both "  my record of opposition to the war in Iraq " and "  our approach to organizing in Las Vegas , " as the dispute over Saturday 's Nevada caucus vote continues to grow . Watch Bill Clinton accuse the Obama campaign of strong-arm tactics " "  It 's very clear that Bill Clinton is playing fast and loose with the facts , " adviser Axelrod said . "  It 's been a little crass . As someone who supported him and respects him , I think it 's disappointing . " The Clinton campaign attributed the Obama camp 's anger to sour grapes over the Saturday caucus vote results . "  We understand Sen. Obama is frustrated by his loss in Nevada , but the facts are the facts , " said campaign spokesman Phil Singer . "  President Clinton is a huge asset to our campaign and will continue talking to the American people . " And Bill Clinton himself showed no sign of backing down . During a campaign stop in Buffalo , New York , Sunday night , the former president went after Obama for his comments to a Reno , Nevada , editorial board last week that President Reagan had been a transformational president . Obama "  said President Reagan was the engine of innovation and did more , had a more lasting impact on America than I did , " Bill Clinton said . "  And then the next day he said , ` In the '90s the good ideas came out from the Republicans , ' which will be costly , maybe , down the road for him because it 's factually not accurate . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Rebecca Sinderbrand , Alexander Mooney and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Bill Clinton increasingly attacking Barack Obama on campaign trail Obama says former president is distorting his record Rep. Jim Clyburn says Bill Clinton should tone down rhetoric on behalf of wife South Carolina Democrats hold crucial primary Saturday
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Taliban fighters armed with guns and explosives clashed with security forces after taking over a building near the airport in the Afghan capital on Monday . The fighting ended with all seven attackers dead , Afghan officials said . The Taliban said the attack was intended to target Americans in Kabul International Airport , one part of which is used by military forces and another by civilians . The assault on the five-story building , which is under construction , began with two suicide bombers blowing themselves up , said Kabul police official Hashtmat Stanikzai . At least five attackers then stormed into the structure and exchanged fire with security forces , he said . They were eventually killed , said Sediq Sediqqi , a spokesman for Afghan interior ministry . The attack left two civilians , including a woman , injured -- but no security personnel were hurt , Sediqqi said . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan said it was under lock down during the attack but had "  no operational information " about what was happening . Insurgents have carried out frequent attacks on security forces across Afghanistan in recent months amid a spring offensive by the Taliban . Last month , a suicide car bombing on a coalition convoy in central Kabul killed at least 12 people , six of them American and six Afghan . The insurgent group Hezb-e Islami claimed responsibility for that attack . The group is not under the Taliban leadership , but operates alongside them .	NEW : All seven militants are dead , authorities say Police say attackers storm a building near the airport The Taliban say the attack is intended to target Americans in the airport The airport is used by both civilians and military forces
CNN  -- They had breakfast in bed for charity . That 's why 388 people climbed into bed at the Pudong Shangri-la Hotel in Shanghai , China , on Wednesday morning . Members of the More than Aware breast cancer support group and their allies were trying to break a Guinness World Record for the most people having breakfast in bed . The menu included noodles , croissants and fruit , according to Shanghaiist.com . The previous record was set by Priceline and Women 's Health  Australia  in 2012 . They hosted 289 people at that breakfast at Sydney 's Martin Place . There were 85 queen-size beds , with two to four people in each bed . Each person had to be fed "  two breakfast food items plus a beverage . " The Guinness World Records staff works with nonprofits to help raise awareness of their issues through world-record stunts . .	An attempt to break the record for breakfast in bed was hosted in Shanghai Wednesday 's event attracted 388 people climbing into bed and eating A breast cancer support group hosted the event
CNN  -- Chelsea King , 17 , was a straight-A student , a high school track star and she loved to volunteer . Now , she 's been killed , the latest victim of what you could call "  junk justice . " When Chelsea went running in a San Diego , California , park , it 's doubtful she had any idea that another young female runner had been attacked in that very same park just a couple of months before . That first victim said she feared her attacker was going to rape her . She managed to get away by elbowing the large man in the nose . If there were falling rocks in that park , a warning sign would be up . If a hungry coyote had been spotted scrounging for food , a warning sign would tell you . But there was no warning at all that a human predator , on the hunt for young women , might be in the park . If there had been a sketch of this suspect , or a warning posted , Chelsea might not have gone running alone there . Police said DNA on Chelsea 's underwear led them to 30-year-old John Gardner III . They showed his picture to the first runner and she said , "  He 's the same guy . " Now he 's been charged with Chelsea 's rape and murder . The suspect was a registered sex offender . In 2000 , he lured a 13-year-old girl into his home on the pretext of watching the movie "  Patch Adams . " Once he got her inside , he molested her and beat her to a pulp before she escaped . Before Gardner was sentenced , a psychiatrist warned that he showed no remorse and would likely attack a young girl again . He recommended "  the maximum sentence allowed by law . " The courts sentenced Gardner to six years ; he got out after five . Five years for pummeling a 13-year-old girl in the face and fondling her . That is "  junk justice . " If Gardner had been prosecuted to the full extent of the law then , he would have been behind bars when Chelsea went for a run on February 25 . Her grieving mom spoke directly to this point to Larry King Thursday night ... "  I mean how many times do our daughters need to be raped before we put these monsters behind bars forever ? I just do n't -- I do n't get it . Change has to be made . And I know that there are people out there that are -- that are trying to , you know , get this change in place . And Brent and I are committed for the rest of our lives to be a part of that . " We need to switch our focus from punishment to prevention . Our system only kicks into high gear after the fact . In this case , a warning sign , something that simple , would have cost a fraction of the millions it might take to prosecute and house the killer . A warning sign that a woman had been attacked in the park could have possibly saved Chelsea 's life . In California , for every one parole officer there are 70 criminals . Companies like Google , FedEx , and eBay use high-tech systems to track packages and information . We already have the technology in the form of ankle bracelets to track the sex predators so why not use it ? Think about this . We can carefully track the delivery of a package across the country but do n't keep track of a sex offender who weighs more than 200 pounds . It 's time that we demand the most basic freedom of all , and that is freedom from fear . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Velez-Mitchell .	Jane Velez-Mitchell : Chelsea King , 17 , was straight-A student , track star , volunteer Velez-Mitchell : Chelsea killed in a park where a young woman had been attacked earlier Author thinks suspect , a sex offender , should have been in jail longer for crime She writes : If suspect had been in jail , if a sign warned of earlier attack , Chelsea might be alive
CNN  -- Fourteen members of Osama bin Laden 's family were deported to Saudi Arabia from Pakistan Friday , less than a week ahead of the first anniversary of his death at the hands of U.S. commandos . Among those aboard the private plane that left at 2 a.m. local time were bin Laden 's three widows and two daughters , said Aamir Khalil , a family attorney . Earlier this month , the five women were sentenced to 45 days of house arrest for living in Pakistan illegally . Their detention ended last week . Khalil said the time served began March 3 , when the five were formally taken into custody . "  The family was kept safe and sound in a guest  safe  house , " according to a Pakistan Interior Ministry statement . "  They have been deported to the country of their choice , Saudi Arabia , today . " Two of the widows are Saudi , while one is Yemeni . The daughters are ages 17 and 21 , Khalil said . The widows have been identified by U.S. and Pakistani officials as Amal Ahmed Abdul Fateh , Khairiah Sabar and Siham Sabar . Judge blocks release of bin Laden death photos Because all five defendants confessed to impersonation , illegal entry into Pakistan and staying illegally in Pakistan , there was no need for a trial , Khalil said recently . He represents four of the five relatives . Bin Laden was killed by U.S. Navy SEALs at his Abbottabad compound May 2 , 2011 . The al Qaeda leader spent years on the run in Pakistan after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , moving from one safe house to another and fathering four children with Fateh , at least one of whom was born in a government hospital , she told Pakistani investigators . No credible threat of attack on anniversary of bin Laden 's death A deposition taken from Fateh gives the clearest picture yet of bin Laden 's life while international forces hunted him . He and his family moved from city to city with the help of Pakistanis who arranged "  everything " for them , Fateh said , according to the deposition . Widow tells how bin Laden lived on the run She told police she never applied for a visa during her stay in Pakistan . Authorities in Saudi Arabia have repeatedly declined to comment on the matter . CNN 's Shaan Khan and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	The bin Laden family members travel on a private plane A Pakistani judge ordered them deported for living there illegally Three widows , two daughters among those leaving Bin Laden was killed on May 2 by U.S. commandos
CNN  -- The 43-year-old gunman who set fire to his apartment in suburban Miami and then fatally shot six people in and around the building had given authorities no reason to believe anything was amiss until Friday night , police said Saturday . "  Nobody seems to know why he acted the way he acted , " Hialeah Police Department Spokesman Carl Zogby told reporters about Pedro Vargas . Police were looking into the possibility that Vargas -- described by some as a "  quiet " man -- may have had a dispute with the building managers , who were among his victims , Zogby said . But that had not been established . An initial check indicated that Vargas had no criminal history and no history of irrational behavior . "  We do n't have an explanation , " Zogby said . The incident began around 6:30 p.m. Friday , when callers to 911 reported that smoke was emanating from Apartment 408 , which Vargas had recently rented and where he was living with his mother , Zogby said . The Hialeah police spokesman said Vargas used a flammable liquid to spread the fire . As the two building managers -- Italo and Camira Pisciotti -- ran toward the smoking apartment , Vargas exited the apartment and shot them both several times , killing them , Zogby said . Vargas returned to his apartment balcony , shooting 10 to 20 times into the street . Carlos Javier Gavilanes , 33 , was returning home from work when he was struck in a parking lot across the street , Zogby said . He identified the victim as a father . Vargas then ran down to the third floor , kicked the door open of an apartment and fatally shot Patricio Simono , 69 , and Merly S. Niebles , 51 , and their 17-year-old daughter , whose name was being withheld , Zogby said . "  Vargas then ran out of the apartment , ran throughout the building firing shots at random in a very irrational fashion , " Zogby said . By now , firefighters had arrived at the approximately 90-unit building but were unable to enter the burning apartment because of the gunfire , Zogby said . Hialeah police -- aided by officers from nearby police agencies -- responded in droves , with more than 100 at the building , he said . "  Our main objective at that point was to neutralize an active shooter , " he said . "  He fired at us and we fired at him . " After eluding police for about three hours , Vargas entered another apartment , where he holed himself up with two hostages and began negotiating with police , Zogby said . But when the negotiations failed after about three hours , "  the SWAT unit made the decision to enter and neutralize -- and shoot -- Mr. Vargas , " Zogby said . "  When they entered the apartment , he resisted , he fired at them . There was an exchange of gunfire , he was ready to fight . " The officers returned the fire , and Vargas died on the scene early Saturday , Zogby said . The hostages were "  shaken up , " but not hurt . Police found a 9 mm pistol and "  plenty of ammo , " Zogby said . The fire never spread beyond the Vargas apartment .	Police investigate possible motive Gunman is identified as Pedro Vargas , 43 Vargas killed 6 people before he himself was killed "  We do n't have an explanation , " police spokesman says
London  CNN  -- It is 6am and Sue Biggs is surveying the preparations for the 100th anniversary of the Chelsea Flower Show . A team of 800 people has spent three weeks converting 11 acres of playing fields into the world 's most prestigious horticulture show , as famous for attracting royalty and celebrities as garden enthusiasts . Over five days each May , 157,000 visitors troop into the Royal Hospital Chelsea in west London to see 550 exhibitors displaying magnificent show gardens , new plants and new trends in gardening . Watch : Royal visit to flower show After 30 years in the travel industry , Biggs became director general of the Royal Horticultural Society -- the charity behind Chelsea Flower Show -- in 2010 , and has already attracted a record number of members to the organization . "  I was here at 6 o'clock this morning and the excitement is fantastic , " says Biggs . "  There 's something very magical about Chelsea . If you love gardening , as I have since I was seven years old , Chelsea is the absolute pinnacle . I have to pinch myself that I 'm seeing it take shape . "  This has been going on for 100 years , you are very aware of the heritage , the past that 's gone before and the great people who have walked this showground , whether royalty , celebrities or great gardeners . "  Whether you love the tiny detail of a plant or the great vistas of an elaborate garden , there 's always something you 'll find eye-wateringly beautiful . " Chelsea Flower Show takes between 15 and 18 months to prepare , so even as the final touches are being added to this year , a team is well into planning for the 2014 show . Extravagant displays at Chelsea in the past two years have included an 80ft "  Magical Tower Garden " and a "  Sky Garden " with a suspended "  flying boat " , both by the Irish garden designer and television personality Diarmuid Gavin . This year Gavin is not exhibiting , and Biggs says the focus is more on plantmanship , although she has promised at least one surprise . Biggs , 57 , began gardening at the age of seven when her mother gave her a packet of seeds and her own piece of garden for her birthday . "  I was smitten the minute the seeds came into flower , " she says . "  It takes you into another world , an oasis , it 's a great wind-down for me . " However , she was not trained in horticulture and had never worked in the industry until three years ago . Instead , Biggs went into the travel industry where she worked for 25 years for the upmarket operator Kuoni , rising to become managing director . In 1999 , when she joined the board of Kuoni , she became the youngest ever director , the first female director and the first non-Swiss director . "  I went to Zurich for a celebratory weekend with the board , and they presented me with a card saying ` Congratulations Sue , finally we have someone to iron our shirts ' . They 'd be shot for that now , but at the time I found it funny . " Biggs , a longtime member of the Royal Horticultural Society , became its director general in 2010 after her husband spotted an advertisement in a Sunday newspaper and suggested a change of career . "  I laughed at him at first , but he said ` you love gardening , you 'd love it , ' she says . "  I decided to apply and by some miracle they chose me . " Biggs has worked on ridding the 209-year-old society of its exclusive image , promoting its charity work and has pushed membership numbers over 400,000 for the first time . "  It was never intentional , but it was seen as a gardening club for posh people . We have tried to be much more open and engage people . It 's helped us to achieve a record number of members , " she says . She has overseen the sale of one of the society 's properties in London and used the money to invest in charity work , from promoting horticulture as a career option and funding plant research to opening an urban garden . "  It 's one of my frustrations that people do n't know the RHS is a charity , " she says . "  We need to make people aware of the scientific research , the work in schools , prisons and communities that we do . All of that work is funded by the success of shows like Chelsea . " Back at Chelsea , Biggs is preparing for another busy day from media interviews to overseeing the start of planting once all the structures , from pavilions and marquees to rocks , boulders and hedges are in place . She is wary of treading a fine line between tradition and innovation . "  Chelsea is the most successful flower show in the world , but it needs to always have something to surprise and delight people . " Chelsea Flower Show runs from May 21-25 at the Royal Hospital Chelsea , London .	Sue Biggs became head of Royal Horticultural Society in 2010 She has tried to change the image from "  gardening club for posh people " to promote the society 's charity work Chelsea Flower Show celebrates its 100th anniversary this year
Each day , CNN producers select a user-submitted photo to be our Travel Photo of the Day . Click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . Have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share ? Submit it for the gallery at CNN iReport !	See more iReport galleries : South of France , otherworldly landscapes Follow us on Twitter @CNNTravel
Cairo  CNN  -- A shadowy extremist group calling itself Soldiers of Egypt , or Agnad Masr , claimed responsibility Thursday for three blasts outside Cairo University that killed an Egyptian police brigadier general and injured five others . The group 's statement , posted on its Facebook page , said the bombs Tuesday targeted security officials who were stationed outside the university , including Brig. Gen. Tariq al-Mirgawi , police chief of the criminal unit in West Giza . The first two blasts came in quick succession near the faculty of engineering , with the third a little later near the main gate . In its statement , the group said it had delayed the third blast to avoid injuring civilians with shrapnel . Agnad Masr , which announced itself in January of this year and is not well known , said the attacks were a response to police crackdowns and arrests of " our free women and men . " Attacks targeting security forces have become increasingly common in Egypt since the army deposed Islamist President Mohamed Morsy , who hails from the Muslim Brotherhood , in July after mass protests against his rule .	An extremist group calling itself Soldiers of Egypt , or Agnad Masr , claims Cairo blasts Group says it targeted police brigadier general and security officials Egypt has been in turmoil since the army ousted the country 's Islamist president in July
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- Not content with revolutionizing smart phones , mobile apps now appear to be in the driving seat of the auto industry as manufacturers increasingly surrender control of their vehicles to technology . Signs of the increasing dominance of the app came on Monday with Ford 's decision to launch its newest B-Max compact at Mobile World Congress -- a phone industry gathering in Barcelona -- rather than a motor show . Read more : Powerful camera phone unveiled Bill Ford , the U.S. auto giant 's executive chairman , told CNN his company chose the event to debut its tech-filled car as a statement of its intention to work with app developers in shaping the vehicles of the future . The B-Max is the first car in Europe to feature SYNC , a voice-recognition system developed by Ford and already available in some U.S. cars . The system links audio , phone and GPS systems and will also call emergency services in the event of a crash . The increasing dependence of vehicles on computers has raised concerns that manufacturers are trading technology for safety , exposing drivers to hazardous distractions and malicious hackers . But Ford , the great grandson of Henry Ford , insisted SYNC would "  allow drivers to keep their eyes on the road and their hands on the steering wheel , " and said his company was working with app makers to further improve security . "  Today , often , drivers are looking down and we know that they 're playing with their cell phone and texting and we want to stop all that , " he told CNN . "  We want them to be looking at the road with their hands on the wheel , and our tech is allowing them to do that , knowing they also want to be connected . " Ford said his firm 's current crop of hi-tech cars were capable of utilizing offboard "  cloud computing " to expand their abilities , performing tasks like directing drivers to the nearest coffee shops , checking their health and keeping tabs on their daily diary . He acknowledged this raised the prospect of potential breaches that could put valuable personal data in the hands of criminals but said the technology was currently being rolled out on an "  opt-in , opt-out " basis . The carmaker said the B-Max would eventually run its AppLink system , which will add control of smartphone apps to voice-operated commands . Among currently available apps are programs that read out Twitter updates and pick and choose radio stations . More functions will follow as it partners with app developers , the company said in a statement . "  Ford aims to deliver voice-control compatibility with apps for a wide range of services , and is now actively seeking to partner with app developers on future opportunities , " it said in a statement . Ford hopes the B-Max , which goes on sale in Europe later this year , will help expand its current 4 million U.S. SYNC users to 13 million worldwide by 2015 . It says the car should appeal to drivers previously priced out of the hi-tech market . "  The all-new B-MAX is going to be a game-changer in the European compact family vehicle segment . No other vehicle in its class offers such an attractive combination of style , versatility and technology , " Ford Europe 's chairman and CEO Stephen Odell said in a statement . "  We think it will be among the most technologically advanced small cars you can buy at any price . " Barry Neild contributed to this story from London .	Ford chooses to launch compact car at mobile phone event rather than a motor show B-Max features Ford 's latest voice-activated technology Ford says it wants to work with app developers in shaping its future vehicles
CNN  -- An ash cloud from a Chilean volcano thinned over Australia Wednesday , freeing commercial airliners to take to the skies after grounding them this week . Qantas resumed domestic flights to and from Sydney , Melbourne , Canberra and Adelaide and international service began again from Sydney and Melbourne . However , trips across the Tasman Sea to and from New Zealand remain cancelled indefinitely . Virgin Australia airline also said its New Zealand flights were cancelled . Virgin said Wednesday it was resuming service from Adelaide , Melbourne , Canberra , Sydney , Albury , Newcastle and Coffs Harbour . The airlines ' decision to ground the flights was based on information provided by the Australian Volcanic Ash Advisory Center . "  This eruption ejected these small particles very high in the atmosphere , to a region of stronger winds known as the jet stream , " the advisory center said . "  The jet stream has then carried the ash particles great distances to the east . " The same ash cloud spawned by the fiery South American volcano also forced major flight cancellations Down Under a week and a half ago . "  It is not unprecedented for volcanic ash to remain suspended for long time periods , " according to the center . The June 4 eruption of Puyehue-Cordon Caulle volcano in the Chilean Andes Mountains sent plumes of smoke more than six miles into the air , filling an otherwise bright blue sky that day with a massive stream of white smoke . Chile is located on the so-called "  Ring of Fire , " an arc of volcanoes and fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . The ash cloud forced the shutdown of flights in and out of at least 10 Australian cities Tuesday . CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	Qantas resumes most flights Wednesday Ash cloud comes from the June 4 eruption of Chilean volcano The cloud stranded Australian flights more than a week ago New Zealand flights are cancelled indefinitely
CNN  -- Let 's just say it . The whole thing sounds insane . Despite blisters and 130-degree heat , Canadian Sandy McCallum pulls ahead on a grueling day in the desert . For six days , people from across the world -- accountants , school teachers , farmers , CEOs -- will run 150 miles , the equivalent of five consecutive marathons , across one of southern Africa 's most remote landscapes . Without showers , toilets or beds , the racers must fend for themselves by carrying in their backpacks all the food they will need for the week . Water is rationed , despite 120-degree heat . And the racers will wear whistles to summon help should they encounter a wild animal that seems inclined to make them into dinner . Oh , and to have this ... adventure ... each person pays $ 3,100 , not including travel costs . Listen to racers say why they do it " "  Nothing has ever made more sense to me , " said Jim Molaschi , a 46-year-old South Florida engineer , who escapes from his cubicle as often as possible to do adventure races that make "  Survivor " contestants look like pageant queens . Molaschi is among the 214 racers who will , beginning May 17 , traverse Namibia . It 's the latest footrace staged by Racing the Planet Limited , which has hosted 18 similarly styled races , known as the "  4 Deserts , " since the mid 1990s . The first three courses -- each about 150 miles -- run across Chile 's Atacama Desert , where it has n't rained in 200 years ; China 's Gobi Desert , where the first dinosaur eggs were discovered ; and North Africa 's Sahara Desert , where camels have been known to eat Racing the Planet 's pink flag race markers . Sahara racers were asked : What happens if you 're racing and stop seeing pink flags along the way ? Wear a GPS , they say , and hope you find the next pink flag . Watch racers lance blisters , eat mush and run across the Sahara " Only those who complete the first three are allowed to participate in a walk across Antarctica known as the Last Desert . Racing the Planet is the first group to stage an endurance event across Namibia . Mary Gadams , Racing the Planet 's director , was stunned this year as more people registered than ever before . "  It 's the worst economy in years , and the world seems like it 's falling apart , yet there is this real thirst out there to do this , " she said . "  Maybe when everything that you defined yourself by in the ` normal ' world is n't so stable , some people want to rediscover who they are outside of ` normal . ' They want an incredible experience . " Racing the Planet competitors include a Mount Kilimanjaro summiteer from Germany , a British insurance broker , a Spanish government official , a Canadian physician and an American architect . There are Ironman competitors in the mix with a few people who have never run more than 13 miles . The oldest woman in the race is a 68-year-old grandmother from Australia , Jennifer Murray , who set a record in 1997 by becoming the first woman to circumnavigate the earth in a helicopter . Most racers compete for charity , and over the years they have collectively raised about $ 500,000 , said Gadams . In 2008 Racing the Planet teamed with Operation Smile to provide 97 villagers in Egypt with free reconstructive surgery , she said . Physicians and trained volunteers ride in all-terrain vehicles along the route , distributing water and medical aid . No one has been seriously hurt during past races . Helicopters -- including one provided by the Namibian government -- are at the ready . Competitors , as in any endurance event , sign off on the risks . Letting go of their vanity is something most racers learn after a couple of hours on the course . "  When you 've got a CEO of a major company copping a squat in the desert , you are seeing them in a way their board members would never dream of , " said Sandy McCallum , a 47-year-old former reporter turned record-setting fulltime runner who won Sahara among women in 2007 . "  Out there , you stink like everyone else , you sweat like everyone else , you hurt like everyone else . It 's a grounding force , " she said . Watch McCallum and Molaschi hit Miami Beach for a training run " Pain also begets camaraderie . At the end of each stage , racers are given hot water for the dehydated food they have carried in their packs and sleep six to a tent . "  You can imagine how that makes people let go of their vanity and their personal space real quick , " said McCallum . Friendships form quickly ; romances are not uncommon . McCallum met Molaschi during the Gobi race and the two are reuniting with other Gobi competitors in Namibia . Rory O'Connor , an Irish Army vet and father of five , is also meeting Racing the Planet friends in South Africa . Namibia is the fourth desert ultra for O'Connor , a South Carolina personal trainer who was inspired to do his first race , Gobi , in 2006 , after catching a National Geographic special on the event . "  I was watching that and I immediately said out loud , ' I could do that , ' " he said . O'Connor sent a reporter a photo from the Atacama race of his ankle so blistered and bloody that CNN is n't showing it . The 41-year-old underwent surgery for a hernia two months ago , but that has n't deterred him from wanting to run Namibia . He put his backpack soon after the operation and started training again . "  People have said , ` Oh you should n't do that , you 'll hurt yourself . ' But I do n't want to live my life like that , afraid of something that could happen , that might go wrong . I could hurt myself anywhere . " "  After -LSB- these races -RSB- , everything else in my life seemed like such a smaller hassle , " O'Connor said . "  They humble me . When you come back to your real life , nothing is going to seem like too much for you to handle . "	Footrace , which begins May 17 , is the equivalent of five consecutive marathons Racers must carry in backpacks all the food they need for the six-day competition After previous desert event , racer says all else in his life seemed relatively easy 68-year-old helicopter flying record setter is the oldest female Namibia racer
Four alleged Venezuelan agents have been arrested in the U.S. and charged with trying to persuade a U.S. citizen to keep quiet about a growing international election scandal . Miami businessman Guido Alejandro Antonini Wilson The U.S. Justice Department said the four wanted to prevent Guido Alejandro Antonini Wilson , a businessman from Miami , Florida , from talking to authorities . On August 4 , Antonini Wilson flew in a privately chartered aircraft from Caracas , Venezuela , to Buenos Aires , Argentina , where customs officers discovered $ 800,000 in cash in his possession . The U.S. Justice Department said Wednesday the four men charged wanted to stop Antonini Wilson from revealing the origin of the $ 800,000 . "  The complaint filed today outlines an alleged plot by agents of the Venezuelan government to manipulate an American citizen in Miami in an effort to keep the lid on a burgeoning international scandal , " Kenneth Wainstein , assistant attorney general for national security , said in a written statement . The agents , who worked for the government of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , wanted to ensure Wilson did not disclose "  the source and destination and the role of the government of Venezuela in the attempted delivery of the approximately $ 800,000 , " the statement said . The Justice Department statement does not say Chavez personally knew of the transaction , but says the office of the vice president and members of the Venezuelan Intelligence Directorate were aware of the matter . U.S. Attorney Alex Acosta in Miami said : "  Today 's complaint alleges an effort by the agents of Venezuela to travel to the U.S. for the purpose of coercing our citizens to help conceal the true nature of a growing international scandal . " Although documents did not identify which candidate was to receive the donation , federal law enforcement officials confirmed the funds were intended for the campaign of Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , who went on to win the election . The four men -- three Venezuelans and one Uruguayan -- made an initial court appearance in U.S. District Court in Miami on Wednesday afternoon . Those named in the complaint are identified as Moises Maionica , 36 ; Antonio Jose Canchica Gomez , 37 ; Rodolfo Edgardo Wanseele Paciello , 40 ; Franklin Duran , 40 ; and Carlos Kauffmann , 35 . Officials said Gomez remains at large . After Argentine customs found the $ 800,000 on Antonini Wilson , they seized the cash and sent him to Miami . Later , however , an Argentine judge issued an order for him to appear in court and , at the request of the Argentine government , Interpol issued an international wanted notice for him , U.S. State Department officials said . The officials said that on August 31 , the Argentine judge requested Antonini Wilson 's extradition . The request was delivered to the State Department on September 4 , and Justice and State are currently reviewing the extradition request . The U.S. officials said they do not expect to take any further action while the Justice Department is pursuing its investigation and prosecution of the Venezuelan and Uruguayan nationals arrested in Miami . Antonini Wilson is not in custody , they added . E-mail to a friend	Alleged agents accused of trying to stop a U.S. citizen from talking to authorities Miami-based Guido Alejandro Antonini Wilson tried to enter Argentina with $ 800,000 Cash is believed to have been for Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner election campaign
CNN  -- Poor Microsoft . People who use your search engine seem especially interested in ... Apple . Bing published its most-searched news stories for 2012 , and topping the list -- ahead of the presidential election , Superstorm Sandy and the London Olympics -- was the iPhone 5 , the newest version of Apple 's iconic smartphone . In case we need it , the ranking is further evidence of the feverish speculation that accompanies major Apple product launches . Released in October , the iPhone 5 was the subject of countless rumors and news reports all year about its launch date , features and 4G capability . But still -- did people on Bing really care more about the iPhone 5 than the election ? "  Tim Cook might want to send a thank you card to Steve Ballmer this morning , " wrote Taylor Soper on GeekWire . At least the presidential election beat out Honey Boo Boo . Other tech news stories on Bing 's list included the launch of Amazon 's newest tablet , the Kindle Fire HD , and Facebook 's public stock offering in May . That 's a big change from 2011 , when no tech stories made Bing 's most-searched list . The complete list of Bing 's top news stories : 1 . iPhone 5 2 . 2012 elections 3 . 2012 Olympics 4 . Hurricane Sandy 5 . "  Honey Boo Boo " reality show 6 . "  Gangnam Style " dance 7 . KONY 2012 8 . Academy Awards 9 . Kindle Fire HD 10 . Facebook IPO Reality TV star Kim Kardashian topped Bing 's most-searched person rankings for the year , dethroning 2011 champ Justin Bieber . President Obama was 46th , while his GOP rival Mitt Romney was 43rd . Apple also dominated Bing 's list of the year 's most-searched consumer electronics , taking 5 of the 10 spots . Other popular products were the Samsung Galaxy S III phone , the Kindle and Sony 's PlayStation 3 gaming console . Facebook topped Bing 's rankings of most-searched social media , followed by Twitter and , perhaps surprisingly , MySpace . Fortunately for Microsoft , the company was n't shut out of its own search results . On the consumer-electronics list were the Xbox and Windows 8 . With a market share of 16 % , Bing is the second-most popular search engine in the U.S. behind Google  almost 67 %  , according to comScore .	The iPhone 5 topped Bing 's list of most-searched news stories so far in 2012 It ranked ahead of the presidential election , Superstorm Sandy and the London Olympics Kim Kardashian was the year 's most-searched person
As international leaders express outrage over mass killings in Syria -- and lament the inability to pass a U.N. Security Council resolution denouncing the Syrian regime -- questions linger about the two countries behind the impasse . On Saturday , China and Russia vetoed a draft resolution that would have demanded Syrian President Bashar al-Assad stop the killing and answer calls aimed at finding a Syrian-led solution to the 11-month crisis . Analysts say both China and Russia have their reasons to maintain good relations with Syria . Russia is one of Syria 's biggest arms suppliers . And China ranked as Syria 's third-largest importer in 2010 , according to data from the European Commission . "  Beijing 's renewed interest in Damascus -- the traditional terminus node of the ancient Silk Road ... indicates that China sees Syria as an important trading hub , " according to a 2010 report from The Jamestown Foundation , a Washington-based research and analysis institute . Even as reports mounted that the Syrian government was killing protesters en masse , the Chinese foreign ministry issued a statement in August noting the "  steady development " of friendly relations "  over the past 50 years and more . " "  China and Syria gave each other understanding and support on issues concerning each other 's core and major interests , " the statement said . "  China showed consistent understanding and firm support for Syria 's position on the Golan Heights while Syria remained committed to the one China position and rendered China staunch support on matters related to Taiwan , Tibet , Xinjiang and human rights . " Last week , China 's permanent representative to the United Nations said the killing of innocent civilians must stop , but also said he is against "  pushing through " a regime change . An earlier version of the U.N. Security Council draft resolution called for al-Assad to step down and delegate his powers to his deputy , but that element was not in the draft voted on by members Saturday . "  China is of the view that the Syrian people 's request for reform and safeguard of their interests should be respected , " Li Baodong said Tuesday , according to China 's state-run Xinhua news agency . "  It is imperative to put an immediate end to all violence in Syria and oppose and stop the killing of innocent civilians . "  At the same time , an inclusive political process with a wide participation of all Syrian parties must be started without delay to speed up reform and resolve differences and disputes peacefully through dialogue and consultations , " he said . Russia also has an economic interest in Syria . The total value of Syrian contracts with the Russian defense industry likely exceeds $ 4 billion , according to Jeffrey Mankoff , an adjunct fellow with the Center for Strategic and International Studies Russia and Eurasia Program . He noted the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute estimated the value of Russian arms sales to Syria at $ 162 million per year in both 2009 and 2010 . Moscow also signed a $ 550 million deal with Syria for combat training jets . Russia also leases a naval facility at the Syrian port of Tartus , giving the Russian navy its only direct access to the Mediterranean , Mankoff said . As Western leaders sought to pry al-Assad from power , Moscow sent an aircraft-carrying missile cruiser to Syrian waters in a show of support last month and shipped Syrian troops a consignment of Yakhont cruise missiles , according to Daniel Treisman , a professor of political science at the University of California , Los Angeles . Speaking after the Saturday vote , ambassadors from both Russia and China said they do support an end to the violence but felt the resolution did not address the crisis properly . Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said the text "  did not adequately reflect the real state of affairs and sent an unbalanced signal " to the various sides in Syria . He noted that the minister for foreign affairs will visit Damascus to hold a meeting with al-Assad this week . Chinese Ambassador Li Baodong called on all parties in Syria to restore order as soon as possible . But he said the text would have served only to "  complicate the issue " and would "  prejudge the result of dialogue . " China and Russia vetoed another Security Council resolution in October that would have called for an immediate halt to the crackdown , which United Nations officials have said resulted in an estimated 6,000 deaths since protests began nearly a year ago . With the Security Council failing to approve a resolution , what happens next is unclear . But as the diplomatic stalemate continues , the death toll in Syria climbs even higher . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists that organizes and documents protests , said the violence has killed more than 7,300 .	China and Russia veto a draft resolution calling for the Syrian regime to stop killings In 2010 , China was Syria 's 3rd largest importer , according to EC data Analyst : The value of Syrian contracts with Russia likely exceeds $ 4 billion China and Russia say they support an end to the violence but disagreed with the draft
CNN  -- Shortly after the clock struck midnight , two Seattle women legitimized their 35-year love affair early Thursday by becoming the first same-sex couple to receive a marriage license in King County , Washington . The two women met on a blind date in 1977 , when homosexuality was highly taboo and gay people socialized privately in homes , never in public . Now Pete-e Petersen is 85 and Jane Abbott Lighty is 77 , and they have lived to see the world transformed . In the twilight of their lives , they thought they would die without being legally married , though they had a church wedding in 2005 . But Washington voters approved Referendum 74 , legalizing same-sex marriage , last month , allowing the first licenses to be issued on Thursday . "  Oh , my goodness ! " Lighty said . "  We 've been together 35 years and seen all kinds of change . " "  It 's been a long journey , " Petersen said . "  We 're so excited to know we 'll get a license and then get married on Sunday . " Voters approve same-sex marriage for the first time Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire and Secretary of State Sam Reed certified Referendum 74 Wednesday , surrounded by the marriage equality bill 's supporters . "  This is a very important and historic day in the great state of Washington . For many years now , we 've said , ` One more step . One more step . ' This is our last step , " Gregoire said . "  To the couples that are here today that will finally be treated with the equality they 've deserved for many years , congratulations to each of you . " This year has been historic on many levels for the marriage equality movement . High court takes no action yet on same-sex marriage appeals After years of saying no at the ballot box , American voters for the first time said yes to same-sex marriage this fall in Washington , Maryland and Maine . Marriage licenses for same-sex couples will begin being issued on December 29 in Maine and January 1 in Maryland . Voters in Minnesota rejected a measure that would have banned same-sex marriage . How has LGBT life changed over the years ? Share your story . Those approvals contrast with the 38 states that have passed bans on marriages between people of the same sex , mostly by amending their constitutions to define marriage as a union between a man and a woman . In six states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York -- and the District of Columbia , gays and lesbians have previously won marriage rights because of actions taken by judges or legislators , not voters . A milestone also occurred this year in the nation 's executive branch : President Barack Obama became the first president to openly support same-sex marriage . These political trends emerged as a majority of Americans say they support legally recognizing same-sex marriage at a time when the public demonstrates increasing comfort with gays and lesbians , according to a CNN/ORC International survey in June . With 162 years between them , Petersen and Lighty can recall the dark days of being gay in America . "  Of course , we were in the so-called closet , " Petersen said . "  Fortunately , we 're blessed by nice looks so people did n't know right off the bat we were gay or homosexuals . " They can leverage the unpleasant moments into humor . After gay marriage successes , activists look to build on new faith outreach techniques For example , Petersen was an Air Force nurse in the Korean War . Stationed in Japan , she flew all kinds of air missions to retrieve wounded troops in Korea and take them to Tokyo -- similar to what television 's "  M * A * S * H " depicted . She was eventually promoted to captain in the Air Force and also was put in charge of a clinic in San Antonio , Texas . During that time , she recalls the military hunts for gay men and women . Military brass never suspected her , she said . Lighty enjoyed the same illusion as a young woman . "  I was fortunate , " Petersen said . "  We passed . "  People would come up in the hospital , and they were always hunting for gay people , " she continued , talking about the military . Captain , the investigators asked , "  Do you have any ... people being gay here ? " "  I said , ` Not a one , ' " she recalled . "  It was just awful . It was a witch hunt , just really trying to oust people . If a military person , like an airman first class  woman  , had short hair or walked like a tough person , they were questioning them and always quizzing them , " Petersen said . "  I told them to leave them alone . " A preacher , a teacher , a soldier 's parents , a GOP leader : Allies in marriage votes Still , the couple honor Petersen 's five years of military service every November 11 . "  Yes , " Lighty interjected , "  on Veterans Day , I have to stand up very straight and say , ` Ma'am ! ' all day long . " Petersen added : "  She has to say , ` Good morning , captain ! ' Lots of respect , and that has gone on for 35 years . " On their blind date at 5 p.m. on January 13 , 1977 , the couple rendezvoused for supper at an old town restaurant in Sacramento , California . A mutual friend arranged the date . Lighty cheated that evening : "  I stayed in the parking lot to see what she looked like as she got of the car , " she said . "  I said she 's cute and she 's short . " Dinner was a success . "  Boy , we just hit it off , " Petersen said . Two weeks later , they moved in together . Lighty had earlier been married to a man for two years . Petersen had adopted and was raising her sister 's 10-year-old daughter . Their home also had two dogs and a cat . Victory for lesbian , years after her longtime partner 's death The couple wondered what they had gotten themselves into . At the time , Petersen and Lighty were nurses . In fact , Petersen was working in public health nursing , and was California 's first nursing home ombudsman for the state Department of Public Health under then-Gov . Ronald Reagan , she said . By 1986 , they had moved to Seattle , where they slowly came out of the closet in the late 1990s . First , they supported a gay men 's choral group called the Seattle Men 's Chorus . By the early 2000s , they started a lesbian counterpart , the Seattle Women 's Chorus . In 2005 , they announced to the world that they were longtime partners by participating in the documentary "  Inlaws & Outlaws , " which examines the lives of straight and gay couples . On Sunday , the couple will marry onstage before the Seattle Men 's Chorus and Seattle Women 's Chorus at Benaroya Hall , home to the Seattle Symphony Orchestra . Two men who have been together for 23 years will also marry onstage , the two women said . When Petersen and Lighty tie the knot , the Women 's Chorus will be singing from "  One Hand , One Heart " from "  West Side Story . " As they approach the 36-year mark of being a couple , Petersen observed : "  We 're just blessed with the people we 've met and the opportunities we 've had . " Federal appeals court strikes down Defense of Marriage Act	Washington begins issuing same-sex marriage licenses Thursday A lesbian couple who have been together since 1977 received the first license in King County Voters in Maryland and Maine also approved same-sex marriages last month
Ben Bradlee , the former top editor of The Washington Post who oversaw the paper 's coverage of the Watergate scandal , is in hospice care as his health has declined over the past six weeks , his wife said in a C-SPAN interview . Bradlee , 93 , began end-of-life care at his home last week after suffering from Alzheimer 's disease and dementia for several years . Bradlee was the executive editor of The Washington Post from 1968 to 1991 during which time the paper covered the downfall of President Richard Nixon in the Watergate scandal . "  He was diagnosed a while ago , but it became obvious that he had a serious problem about two years ago , " his wife , Washington Post columnist Sally Quinn , said in the C-SPAN interview Sunday . Quinn said Bradlee still recognizes her and "  loves having me there . " In November , President Barack Obama awarded Bradlee the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest honor awarded to civilians . "  With Ben in charge , the Post published the Pentagon Papers , revealing the true history of America 's involvement in Vietnam ; exposed Watergate ; unleashed a new era of investigative journalism , holding America 's leaders accountable and reminding us that our freedom as a nation rests on our freedom of the press , " Obama said at the ceremony . Quinn said she kept Bradlee 's condition private for a while . "  Once you say the A-word , everybody 's attitude changes toward you , " she said . Bradlee went into the newspaper business after World War II , starting a paper in New Hampshire . In 1948 , he moved to Washington to report for the Post . After a brief stint as a press attachÃ © for the U.S. Embassy in Paris ' propaganda unit , Bradlee worked for Newsweek in Europe . He later became the magazine 's bureau chief in Washington and helped negotiate the sale of Newsweek to The Washington Post . As a reporter in the 1950s , he became friends with future President John F. Kennedy when he moved into a house on the same block as Bradlee when he was first elected to Congress . Bradlee later wrote two books about his one-time neighbor . He rejoined the Post in 1965 as managing editor and became executive editor in 1968 . In 1971 , the Post and The New York Times battled the Nixon administration to the Supreme Court over the Pentagon Papers , leaked documents that showed that the war in Vietnam was n't going as political leaders and the military brass portrayed it . The justices sided 6-3 with the two papers ' rights to publish material from the papers . For the past 23 years , Bradlee has been The Washington Post 's vice president at-large .	Ben Bradlee , 93 , has been suffering from Alzheimer 's and dementia for several years He oversaw Washington Post 's coverage of Watergate scandal that led to Nixon 's downfall Bradlee 's wife , columnist Sally Quinn , says she kept his condition private He and John F. Kennedy were once neighbors , and Bradlee later wrote books about him
CNN  -- Substance abuse , addiction and its consequences cost U.S. governmental bodies nearly $ 500 billion in 2005 with only a fraction of state and federal dollars spent on prevention and treatment , according to a report released Thursday . A report suggests a small amount of state and federal funds is spent on drug prevention and treatment . Of the $ 373.9 billion spent by federal and state governments , some 95.6 percent was spent to "  shovel up the consequences and human wreckage of substance abuse and addiction , " while only 1.9 percent was spent on prevention and treatment , 1.4 percent on taxation and regulation , and less than 1 percent on research and interdiction , says the report from Columbia University 's National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse . In fact , for every dollar spent to prevent and treat substance abuse , federal and state governments spent more than $ 50 on public programs aimed at addressing its effects , the report says . Spending breakdowns for local governments were not available because of data limitations , the report says . "  Despite a significant and growing body of knowledge documenting that addiction is a preventable , treatable and manageable disease , and despite the proven efficacy of prevention and treatment techniques , our nation still looks the other way while substance abuse and addiction cause illness , injury , death and crime , savage our children , overwhelm social service systems , impede education -- and slap a heavy and growing tax on our citizens , " Susan Foster , the addiction center 's vice president and director of policy research and analysis , said in a written statement . The center found that federal , state and local governments spent some $ 467.7 billion on substance abuse-related costs , including health care , justice systems and family court , child welfare and homelessness . The figures are for 2005 , the most recent year for which data was available over the course of the study , the center said . The report , "  Shoveling Up II : The Impact of Substance Abuse on Federal , State and Local Budgets , " resulted from three years of research and analysis , according to the addiction center . The vast majority of state and federal spending , 71.1 percent , was spent on health care and the justice system , the report says . "  Increasing costs in these areas are devastating state budgets , while health care costs are consuming a larger and larger share of federal spending . " The center found that if substance abuse and addiction were its own category within the federal budget , it would rank sixth in size behind Social Security , national defense , Medicare and two other programs , consuming 9.6 percent of the entire budget . For states , 15.7 percent of budgets were spent on substance abuse , which is up from 13.3 percent in the 1998 "  Shoveling Up " report , which examined only state spending . If substance abuse were a state budget category , it would rank No. 2 , behind elementary and secondary education , the report says . "  States spend more on substance abuse and addiction than they spend on Medicaid , higher education , transportation or justice , " it says . For every $ 100 state governments spent on substance abuse , they spent an average of $ 2.38 on prevention , treatment and research , the study found . Connecticut spent the most , with $ 10.39 ; New Hampshire the least , with 22 cents . In every case , the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse said , it made the most conservative assumptions . And it could n't even figure in some costs -- higher education , tobacco and drug-related developmental disabilities and highway accidents linked to illicit or controlled prescription drug use , among others -- because of data limitations , so the actual amounts spent are likely even higher . The report advocates that more funding and efforts be directed toward prevention and treatment , rather than cleaning up the wreckage that substance abuse leaves in its wake . "  Under any circumstances , spending more than 95 percent of taxpayer dollars on the crime , health care costs , child abuse , domestic violence , homelessness and other consequences of tobacco , alcohol and illegal and prescription drug abuse and addiction , and only 2 percent to relieve individuals and taxpayers of these burdens , is a reckless misallocation of public funds , " Joseph Califano Jr. , a former U.S. secretary of health , education and welfare who founded the addiction center and serves as its chairman , said in the statement . "  In these economic times , such upside-down-cake public policy is unconscionable . It 's past time for this fiscal and human waste to end . " The report calls for a sharper focus on prevention , especially aimed at children . It points to the success of the American Legacy Foundation 's "  Truth " campaign on youth smoking , and says similar campaigns are needed to target drug abuse and underage drinking . Merely blaming those who made the choice to begin using alcohol or drugs or to start smoking does not work , the report points out . "  When use of these substances progresses to the point of meeting medical criteria for abuse or addiction , changes have occurred in the brain which make cessation of use extraordinarily difficult . ... The bottom line is that while an individual is responsible for his or her actions related to the disease , the disease must be treated . " But perhaps one of the most important recommendations in the report is this : America needs to shift its culture and attempt to dispel stigmas surrounding substance abuse . The center points to a similar shift that occurred regarding the AIDS virus : "  In a matter of a few years , AIDS went from being seen as a social curse to being recognized as a serious , treatable disease . It 's time for the public health community to mount a similar effort with respect to alcohol and other drug abuse and addiction , to move the nation from stigmatizing it to recognizing it as a disease . "	Nearly $ 468 billion was spent in 2005 on substance abuse , addiction , report says Report : Small percentage of funds spent on drug prevention , treatment Connecticut spent most on drug treatment ; Wisconsin the least , report finds .
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- A top aide to the Rwandan president is in German custody for her alleged role in a 1994 assassination that sparked the Rwandan genocide , the German Foreign Ministry said Monday . Rose Kabuye is suspected of participating in downing of a plane carrying President Juvenal Habyarimana . Rose Kabuye was arrested Saturday at the Frankfurt airport while on a private visit , the ministry said . She is awaiting extradition to France , it said . Rwanda 's government issued a statement saying Kabuye is innocent of the charges , and that she is ready to face trial in France . "  The government of Rwanda believes that this is a political game designed to blur the truth and weaken the government , " the statement said . She is one of nine aides to Rwandan President Paul Kagame that Europe is seeking to arrest on charges of plotting the assassination of the then-Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana in April 1994 . A French judge ruled in 2006 that legal proceedings could proceed against Kagame and his nine aides , which prompted Rwanda to break its diplomatic ties with France . Habyarimana and Burundi 's former leader Cyprien Ntaryamira were killed when their plane was shot down in April 1994 , a move that fueled the genocide in Rwanda by Hutu extremists against mostly Tutsis . About 800,000 people were killed .	Aide to Rwandan president held over assassination that sparked genocide Rose Kabuye arrested Saturday at Frankfurt airport while on private visit Leaders of Rwanda , Burundi killed when plane was shot down in 1994
CNN  -- The days of being cut off from the Internet while you 're on a plane are quickly disappearing . An American Airlines passenger uses Wi-Fi to access the Internet during a flight . A number of domestic airlines have recently begun offering Wi-Fi Internet access aboard planes , and other airlines say they are working toward making it happen . "  This is the year " for Wi-Fi on planes , said Jack Blumenstein , president and CEO of Aircell , whose Gogo ® Inflight Internet service provides access on Delta Air Lines , American Airlines and Virgin America flights , and will begin testing on United flights later this year . Gogo is installed on more than 190 commercial planes , and Blumenstein said he expected 1,200 aircraft to have Gogo capability by the end of 2009 . For now , Wi-Fi on domestic carriers ' planes is limited to flights within North America . Gogo , which operates by transmitting signals from ground-level towers , functions across the United States and up to about 300 miles offshore . The company 's access will cover the entire continent within a year or two , Blumenstein said . Row 44 , which uses satellite technology to provide connectivity to Southwest Airlines and Alaska Airlines , already covers much of North America and will roll out trans-Atlantic and European service in the third quarter of this year , said the company 's CEO , John Guidon . Neither company would release the exact cost of turning airplanes into Wi-Fi hot spots . But Blumenstein said Aircell managed to equip a plane for "  substantially " less than $ 100,000 . Row 44 , which bills itself as the "  industrial-strength solution " to airplane connectivity , costs hundreds of thousands of dollars per plane , Guidon said . Another company , LiveTV , is a subsidiary of JetBlue that provides free e-mail and messaging aboard flights but does n't offer open Web surfing . LiveTV , which uses air-to-ground technology , provides the service on select JetBlue flights and also is working with Frontier Airlines on offering Internet access aboard its planes . The Wi-Fi venture has the potential to be "  very profitable , " said Harlan Platt , an airline industry expert and professor of finance at Northeastern University in Boston , Massachusetts . "  Normally , air carriers rush to purchase capital equipment that raises their cost but does n't raise their revenue . ... This is actually a revenue-producing tactic . And it 's a good one because it 's providing value to the passenger and it 's creating incremental revenues for the airline , " Platt said . Aircell , which shares its revenue from Gogo with the airlines , charges $ 9.95 for flights under three hours , $ 12.95 for flights longer than three hours and $ 7.95 to use a Wi-Fi capable handheld device for any flight length . Passengers can begin using the service once the plane reaches 10,000 feet . If the plane remains in flight for longer than three hours as part of a delay , passengers do not pay the higher fee , Blumenstein said . Platt believes that business model will evolve to entice more passengers to use it . The size of those fees could result in "  a whole segment of the market that they 're not going to capture , " said Platt . The airlines will maximize their profits by convincing more passengers to use the system with a lower price , he said . Platt predicted Aircell and the airlines would create a second tier of service , which would be less expensive but with fewer capabilities . He compared the strategy to airlines ' price-reducing tactics to avoid empty seats on planes . As Aircell and Row 44 's services expand , LiveTV is monitoring passengers ' usage to gauge how to move ahead with its own business model , said Mike Moeller , vice president of sales and marketing for the company . "  Yes , broadband is coming . We 're sitting there asking , ` Who pays ? Is it the airlines or the customers ? And what will they pay ? What is the right technology ? ... When does all of this happen ? ' We 're in weird economic times , " Moeller said . As for the possibility of passengers offending their seat-mates by surfing for inappropriate content , Blumenstein said nine months of Wi-Fi availability on American yielded no such incidents . Still , airlines including American , Delta and United have requested screening for potentially offensive content , he said . On the other hand , Alaska Airlines , which uses Row 44 , does not plan on using the company 's content-blocking capabilities . Instead , flight attendants will follow standard protocol for objectionable material -- they 'll ask passengers to stow it away , said Bobbie Egan , an airline spokeswoman . Here is what major U.S. airlines offer , and what is coming up :	Many domestic airlines have begun offering Wi-Fi Internet access aboard planes Provider Aircell expects to have 1,200 planes equipped by the end of this year Another company , Row 44 , says it will have trans-Atlantic Wi-Fi in the third quarter
The man wanted by the United States for leaking details of National Security Agency intelligence gathering says journalists have been misled into printing false claims about his legal situation , The Huffington Post reported Thursday . In an e-mailed statement to the news organization , Edward Snowden distanced himself from his father , Lon Snowden ; his father 's attorney , Bruce Fein ; and Fein 's associates , saying "  they do not possess any special knowledge regarding my situation . " "  None of them have been or are involved in my current situation , and this will not change in the future , " the statement said . Snowden 's father : ' I know my son ' "  I ask journalists to understand that they do not possess any special knowledge regarding my situation or future plans , and not to exploit the tragic vacuum of my father 's emotional compromise for the sake of tabloid news . " The statement was released the same day The Wall Street Journal reported that Lon Snowden 's legal team does not trust his son 's closest advisers : WikiLeaks and Guardian reporter Glenn Greenwald . "  I would like to correct the record : I 've been fortunate to have legal advice from an international team of some of the finest lawyers in the world , and to work with journalists whose integrity and courage are beyond question , " Snowden said in the statement . Snowden stepped forward publicly in June to claim responsibility for leaking to the media , including The Guardian , that the NSA had secretly collected and stored millions of phone records from accounts in the United States . The agency also collected information from U.S. companies on the Internet activity of overseas residents , he said . Snowden , a former NSA contractor , fled first to Hong Kong and then to Russia , where he was granted temporary asylum despite pressure from the Obama administration to return him to the United States to face charges . He has been charged with three felony counts , including violations of the U.S. Espionage Act , for the leaks . The Huffington Post reported that the American Civil Liberties Union confirmed that the e-mailed statement was from Snowden . The ACLU has lauded Snowden 's actions as a "  service " to the country , and it reportedly is helping coordinate the former intelligence contractor 's defense in the United States .	Edward Snowden emailed a statement to The Huffington Post In it , he says his father 's legal team does "  not possess special knowledge regarding my situation " "  None of them have been or are involved in my current situation , " the statement says Snowden 's statement followed a news report about a rift
CNN  -- With Facebook integration and the ability to have group video chats , Skype is getting more social . The site , which allows free internet voice and video calling , announced the changes in a video posted on its official blog Thursday . The new Skype for Windows will include a Facebook tab that lets users watch their news feed as they talk . The feature will let users call their Facebook friends with a single click from the tab if those friends have a number in their Facebook phone list . "  The essence of the Skype experience is communicating with the people you care about , whether that 's your friend who lives on the other side of town or your mom , who lives on the other side of the world , " Rick Osterloh , Skype 's head of consumer products , said in the video . The news comes a day after Facebook announced it will be working with Microsoft-owned search engine Bing to add Facebook profiles , posts from friends and other features to search results . "  We 're working with companies such as Skype to make it easy to find your friends anytime you want to connect , " Facebook developer network director Ethan Beard said in a blog post . The group video calling is available in beta form as a free trial . The blog post did not say how much the feature would cost when it comes out of beta . Osterloh said users spend an average of 520 million minutes on Skype every day . Video calling accounted for about 40 percent of Skype-to-Skype traffic during the first half of this year , according to the blog posts . Users also can use Skype to call land lines or mobile phones for a fee . The new version was available for download Thursday . The post made no mention of whether new Skype versions for Mac or Linux will follow The revamped Windows version also features a simplified interface , a new look and a new user dashboard .	New Skype 5.0 for Windows will have Facebook integration , offer group video chat Its features went live Thursday Group video chat will be free in beta ; no price announced for afterward
CNN  -- An attorney for a man charged in the abduction of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham and assault of a different woman indicated Friday that he wants his client to undergo a sanity evaluation . That development came as Jesse Matthew was arraigned Friday in the latter case in which he 's accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Fairfax , Virginia , in 2005 . Matthew separately is charged with abducting Graham , the 18-year-old sophomore whose body was found on an abandoned Virginia farm October 18 , more than a month after she was last seen in Charlottesville . In Friday 's arraignment in the Fairfax case , defense attorney James Camblos tried to introduce a motion seeking an evaluation for his client . A judge cut Camblos short , saying that motion could be filed and considered later once a jurist was permanently assigned to the case . Fairfax County prosecutor Ray Morrogh told reporters Friday that Camblos ' motion sought a sanity evaluation that would help determine Matthew 's competency to stand trial . Matthew made a virtual appearance at the Fairfax hearing via video from jail in Charlottesville , where he 's being held in connection with the Graham case . In Friday 's hearing , he was arraigned on three charges in the 2005 case : abduction , sexual assault and attempted capital murder . Analysts say he may be tried first in Fairfax , because authorities there have had more time to build their case , and they have both DNA evidence as well as a potential eyewitness . Woman was dragged , sexually assaulted In the Fairfax case , authorities say that on September 24 , 2005 , a young woman returning from a grocery store was grabbed from behind by an assailant and sexually assaulted . "  We saw her purse on the front sidewalk , " said neighbor Stacey Simkins . "  He had already dragged her behind our units to the dark pool area . " Simkins did not see the suspect 's face , but she immediately called police . "  The offender was scared away by a passer-by , " the FBI said in a statement , "  but the victim got a good look at him . " The victim helped authorities draw up a composite sketch , and now she could potentially be called as a witness at trial . "  I 'd rather not say where she is , but she is cooperative , " Morrogh , the prosecutor , said last week . Evidence may be challenged In addition to the victim 's potential testimony , the FBI also said it has DNA evidence in the case . But DNA evidence can be challenged in court , said HLN legal analyst and defense attorney Joey Jackson , as can the testimony of the victim . "  When someone is undergoing a trauma , as in this case the victim was , you have to wonder whether that traumatic experience could make what she saw reliable , " Jackson said . "  On the other hand , the prosecution will argue that it 's emblazoned in her memory . " Still , testimony and forensics may not be the only evidence in the Fairfax case . Now that investigators have the name of a possible suspect , Jackson said , they are likely chasing dozens of new threads , searching for evidence . For example , they would be looking for cell phone records , texts , surveillance video or toll booth receipts that might link Matthew to the crime scene , or any friends or relatives or business associates that might place him in Fairfax . Matthew 's attorney to represent him in both cases Camblos , Matthew 's attorney in Charlottesville , declined to comment on the charges or the evidence against his client in either city . The Fairfax County judge granted Matthew 's request to have Camblos represent him in the 2005 case , though the judge also appointed a public defender . In Charlottesville , prosecutors on October 24 said that they are still weighing which additional charges they will file in the Graham case . The case could be more difficult to make , according to defense attorney Scott Goodman , since there may be no witnesses who could testify . It is also unclear what forensic evidence may exist in the case , aside from a surveillance video from the night of Graham 's disappearance -- on September 13 -- that shows Matthew , 32 , apparently following her in Charlottesville 's Downtown Mall area . "  In Charlottesville , the case is much more complicated than Fairfax , because the Charlottesville case relies almost wholly on circumstantial evidence , " Goodman said . Matthew was taken into custody September 24 while camping on a beach in Galveston , Texas , some 1,300 miles from Charlottesville . He is the only person detained in connection with Graham 's disappearance , and was charged with abduction with the intent to defile . CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	NEW : Request for evaluation comes in separate sex assault case from 2005 Jesse Matthew was last person seen with University of Virginia student Hannah Graham Authorities : DNA evidence links him to 2005 sex assault
Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  faces mounting damages from the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster as more U.S. servicemembers joined a lawsuit accusing the Japanese national utility of lying about the risks involved in an aid effort to the stricken area in 2011 . Attorneys said the number of plaintiffs had grown to 26 from an initial eight , who filed their original lawsuit in December , and that 100 more were ready to join the lawsuit which is now seeking more than $ 2 billion , the Stars and Stripes newspaper reported late last week . TEPCO confirmed that more plaintiffs had been added to the court petition filed with the U.S. District Court in California in December but did not give details . "  We would refrain from responding to the matter in relation to the contents of the detailed procedure of the lawsuit . In any case , we would like to properly cope with this lawsuit , following U.S. legal proceedings , " the company said in a statement to the Tokyo Stock Exchange obtained Monday . The amended lawsuit increases the amount of damages lawyers are seeking for crew aboard the USS Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier and other service vessels in the area who say they are suffering continuing health problems from the rescue effort that followed the devastating earthquake and tsunami that struck eastern Japan on March 11 , 2011 , crippling reactors at the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power plant . Lawyers will still sue TEPCO for $ 40 million in compensation and punitive damages for each crew member but have increased the demand of $ 100 million for ongoing health monitoring and medical expenses to $ 1 billion , Stars and Stripes reported . "  At all relevant times , the defendant knew that the reactors and storage tanks at the -LSB- Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear power plant -RSB- were then leaking and emitting high levels of radiation , " the report said , citing the complaint . It claims TEPCO knew the U.S. Navy would send the USS Ronald Reagan and other vessels to help , relying on what the utility was saying about the risks , adding : "  At all relevant times herein , the defendant failed to warn the plaintiffs , the U.S. Navy and public officials of the properties and actual levels of radiation detected at the -LSB- plant -RSB- at that time . " The plaintiffs say they are suffering a range of disorders related to radiation exposure , from headaches and difficulty concentrating to rectal bleeding , thyroid problems , cancer and gynecological bleeding . "  At all times relevant herein , the Japanese government kept representing that there was no danger of radiation contamination to the USS Reagan  CVN-76  and/or its crew , that ` everything is under control , ' ` all is OK , you can trust us , ' and there is ` no immediate danger ' or threat to human life , all the while lying through their teeth about the reactor meltdowns at FNPP , " lawyers stated in the complaint . The Navy "  was lulled into a false sense of security " because it relied on TEPCO 's "  misrepresentations regarding health and safety , " it continued . The suit also accuses TEPCO of failing to conduct adequate testing , designing a defective product , conducting deceptive business acts and practices , acting as a public nuisance and as a private nuisance and fraud . "  The Plaintiffs must now endure a lifetime of radiation poisoning and suffering which could have and should have been avoided , " lawyers said . Last October , TEPCO acknowledged that it had played down safety risks at the facility out of fear that they would lead to a plant shutdown . The company said in a report that "  severe accident measures " were taken in 2002 , which included "  containment venting and power supply cross-ties between units , " but additional measures were never put in place . Part of the reason , the report said , was a concern that implementing the new safety measures "  could spread concern in the sitting community that there is a problem with the safety of current plants . " TEPCO added that taking such measures could also have added to "  public anxiety and add momentum to anti-nuclear movements . "	Lawsuit over radiation exposure to crew of USS Ronald Reagan expands Lawyers say number of plaintiffs rises to 26 from initial 8 Amended suit now seeks more than $ 2 billion in damages Crew members claim they suffered health problems after aid mission to Fukushima
CNN  -- U.S. National Security Adviser Susan Rice warned on Sunday that it "  would be a grave mistake " if Russian President Vladimir Putin intervened militarily in the ongoing crisis in Ukraine . Rice , who spoke on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " was among U.S. leaders saying they want to see a unity coalition government in the country after President Viktor Yanukovych fled Kiev , the capital , and a unanimous vote in Parliament removed him from power . "  The United States is on the side of the Ukrainian people , " Rice said . The people expressed themselves peacefully , she said , and Yanukovych "  turned on " the people by using violence against them . Ukraine 's president calls efforts to push him from office a ` coup ' A former Soviet republic closely allied with Russia , Ukraine is home to many people who speak Russian and identify with Russia . David Remnick , editor of The New Yorker , recently returned from Russia and reported from the country for many years . On "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " on Sunday , Remnick said that Putin considers Ukraine and Russia "  linked by blood . " "  If you look through Putin 's eyes , specifically , this is his area of interest . It 's not the United States and even not Europe , " Remnick said . "  This is really complicated for us . " Rice said the U.S. wants to see constitutional reform , democratic elections and a unity government , and President Barack Obama stressed that to Putin in a recent conversation . "  Putin was in agreement " at that time , Rice said . Republican Sen. John McCain appeared on CBS 's "  Face the Nation " with strong words for Putin . A partition of Ukraine would "  not be acceptable , " McCain said . "  The Ukrainian people will determine their own future . They want to be Western . ... They do not want to be Eastern , " he said . If he were Putin , he said , he would be nervous about the protest movement happening in Ukraine . Appearing on "  Fox News Sunday , " Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , said he spoke with former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko on Saturday just after she was released from prison following a unanimous vote in Parliament . Durbin said she assured him that she 's "  looking for a peaceful resolution to the problems in Ukraine , to follow the constitution and the law . " Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , said there must be focus on forming a unity government . "  Yanukovych needs to step aside , and I will say this : Now that the Olympics are over , we need to watch the behavior of the Russians , " she said . Obama "  needs to up his game and send a clear , unequivocal , public message to Putin not to interfere in what is happening in Ukraine , " Ayotte said , "  to let the Ukrainian people determine their future , to ensure that there is no interference in their sovereignty . " Durbin agreed that more pressure should be placed on Putin . "  We have to combine our efforts with the European Union to help Ukraine move forward in a peaceful democratic way . We have to put the pressure on Putin to stop his efforts to undermine this natural evolution towards democracy , " Durbin said , adding that he thinks Yanukovych "  has always been a puppet of Moscow . "	"  The United States is on the side of the Ukrainian people , " Susan Rice says Expert says Ukraine and Russia are "  linked by blood " Sen. John McCain : If he were Putin , he would be nervous over raging protests
CNN  -- Gabrielle "  Gabby " Giffords stood next to her husband in court Thursday as he spoke directly to Jared Loughner , the Arizona man who tried to assassinate the then-congresswoman in a January 2011 shooting . "  Mr. Loughner , you may have put a bullet through her head , but you have n't put a dent in her spirit and her commitment to make the world a better place , " former astronaut Mark Kelly said . Giffords was seriously wounded when Loughner walked up and shot her in the head during her meet-and-greet event with constituents outside a Tucson grocery store on January 8 , 2011 . A federal judge , a congressional aide and four others were killed and 12 other people suffered wounds . U.S. District Judge Larry Burns sentenced Loughner to serve the rest of his life in prison without the possibility of parole . The punishment includes seven consecutive life terms plus 140 years . "  The evidence clearly shows that he knew what he was doing , despite his mental illness , " the judge said . Loughner , 24 , spoke just once , confirming to the judge that he would make no statement before sentencing . "  That is true , " he said . Giffords shooting survivors seek federal help in tightening gun laws Beside the dramatic appearance by Giffords and her husband , nine other victims spoke at the sentencing hearing held in a packed federal courtroom in Tuscon . Kelly , in an interview Thursday evening with CNN 's Piers Morgan , said hearing what they had to say "  was really a tough thing " for Giffords . "  Gabby said afterwards , for her the biggest emotion was just sadness , " Kelly said . "  To hear story after story of what the impact of this horrible day had on people was really difficult . " Much of the time , those words were directed toward the 24-year-old Loughner , whose lawyer stroked his arm at times . "  You pointed a weapon at me and shot me , " said Susan Hileman , who was wounded by Loughner 's Glock pistol . "  Over last several months , I wanted to take you by the shoulders and shake you and scream at you . " "  It 's an awful situation , " she said , looking straight at Loughner , "  and it 's all because of you . " His victims gathered that day "  to witness democracy in action , " she said . "  We brought family and friends . You brought a gun . " Mavanell Stoddard described how her "  precious husband , " Dorwin Stoddard , was fatally shot as he fell on top of her to shield her from the onslaught of bullets . "  Somehow when you shot him , I got out from under him , " Stoddard said . "  I was screaming ` Oh God , oh God , help me . ' I said to him ` breathe deeply , ' and he did . Therefore , I believe that he heard me said ' I love you . ' " He died in her arms her minutes later , she said . "  Then I passed out because you had shot me three times , " she said . "  You took away my life , my love , my reason for living . " "  I am so lonesome , " Stoddard said as she stared directly at Loughner . "  I hate living without him . No one to hold me , no one to love me , no one to talk to , no one to care . I forgive you . As a Christian , I am required to . " Giffords leads crowd in pledge at vigil marking 1 year since shooting Mary Reed , who was among the wounded , blamed Loughner for introducing "  my children to something sinister and evil . " "  My children will forever remember the moments of people when they died , the smell of blood everywhere , " Reed said . "  Jared took their lives , their bodies , but he will not take their spirit , " victim Pat Maisch said . Pamela Simon , one of the Giffords congressional aides who was wounded , said Loughner is reminder "  of our society 's failure to provide adequate mental health . " "  Jared , I know you did not choose this illness that led to this horrific tragedy , " Simon said . "  When you were a student in middle school , and I was a teacher there at the same time . You were a regular kid . " U.S. Rep. Ron Barber also spoke . "  The physical and mental wounds will be with us forever , " said Barber , who was hit in the leg by a bullet . He spoke of watching congressional aide Gabe Zimmerman -- "  one of my dearest colleagues " -- die . "  He was my go-to guy , a human being with so much compassion , " Barber said . Barber won a special election to fill Giffords ' congressional seat after she stepped down a year after the shooting . "  We are thankful she survived your attempt to take her life , " Barber told Loughner . "  You did not take away her compassion and desire to serve . In fact , the whole world knows of this great leader . She remains the model of bipartisanship and political courage . " Barber told the court he supports a life sentence for Loughner . "  I hold no hatred for you , but I am very angry and sick at heart about what you have done and the hurt you have caused all of us , " Barber told Loughner . "  You now must bear this burden and never again see the outside of a prison . " 19 months after mass shooting , Giffords moves back to Tucson Mark Kelly , who was training for a space shuttle mission when he learned his wife was shot , spoke for her as she watched . "  Gabby would trade her own life to bring back any one of those you savagely murdered on that day , " he said . The statement noted each of the dead . "  And then there is what you took from Gabby , " Kelly said , looking at Loughner . "  Her life has been forever changed . Plans she had for our family and her career have been immeasurably altered . Every day is a continuous struggle to do those things she was once so very good at . His wife now struggles to walk , an arm is paralyzed and she is partially blind , he said . She stepped down from her position in Congress in January 2012 to focus on her recovery . "  Mr. Loughner , by making death and producing tragedy , you sought to extinguish the beauty of life , " Kelly said . "  To diminish potential . To strain love . And to cancel ideas . You tried to create for all of us a world as dark and evil as your own . But know this , and remember it always : You failed . " Directing his comments away from Loughner for a moment , Kelly said "  There 's something else Gabby and I have been spending a lot of time thinking about . " "  The way we conduct politics must change , " he said . "  Sure , it 's easier to win a debate if you can turn your opponent into a demon , but that 's not how we move forward . Not only does slash-and-burn politics make Americans cynical about their leaders , but it leads to bad ideas . It creates problems instead of solving the ones we have now . Kelly concluded with words directed again at the defendant . "  Mr. Loughner , pay close attention to this : Though you are mentally ill , you are responsible for the death and hurt you inflicted upon all of us on January 8th of last year , " he said . You know this . Gabby and I know this . Everyone in this courtroom knows this . You have decades upon decades to contemplate what you did . But after today . After this moment . Here and now . Gabby and I are done thinking about you . " He pleaded guilty to 19 charges in exchange for the life sentence to avoid facing the death penalty . He had been facing more than 50 federal charges . "  Mr. Loughner , you have been given a gift , whether you know it or not , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Wallace Kleindienst said , just before recommending a life sentence . "  Almost all the victims you shot and the families of those you killed came to us and said they did n't want us to seek the death penalty in this case . " Under the pleas , Loughner admitted guilt in the wounding of Giffords and the murders of federal employees U.S. District Court Chief Judge John M. Roll , 63 , and congressional aide Gabriel M. Zimmerman , 30 , prosecutors said . Loughner also pleaded guilty to the attempted murders of federal employees and congressional aides Ronald S. Barber , 65 , and Pamela K. Simon , 63 , prosecutors said . Loughner also admitted causing the deaths of Christina-Taylor Green , 9 ; Dorothy "  Dot " J. Morris , 76 ; Phyllis C. Schneck , 79 ; and Dorwan C. Stoddard , 76 , prosecutors said . Prosecutors said Loughner admitted injuring with a Glock pistol 10 people participating at an activity provided by the U.S. government and creating a grave risk of death to 13 more people . Prosecutors agreed to the plea deal after taking into account Loughner 's history of mental illness and the views of victims and their families . The judge in August ruled Loughner competent to stand trial . Warning signs of violence : What to do CNN 's Dana Bash and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Jared Loughner gets seven consecutive life terms plus 140 years , without parole "  Mr. Loughner , you have been given a gift , " the prosecutor says Judge rules Loughner knew what he was doing "  despite his mental illness " Six people were killed and 13 wounded in the January 2011 shooting
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The judge delayed a decision on allowing a new lawyer to join Dr. Conrad Murray 's defense team until he can determine if there is a conflict of interest . The lawyer , Nareg Gourjian , had worked on Michael Jackson 's child molestation defense . Murray , who is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of Michael Jackson , wants Gourjian to replace Joseph Low , who left the defense team earlier this month . Gourjian 's former law firm , headed by lawyer Mark Geragos , raised the possible conflict of interest before Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor at a hearing Tuesday . "  We have a great amount of respect for Mr. Gourjian , but it is our duty to disclose his participation in our past representation for Mr. Jackson , " Geragos and Geragos attorney Pat Harris said . The Geragos firm represented Jackson for two years starting in 2003 , when he was charged with child molestation . Jackson replaced Geragos with Thomas Mesereau in 2004 , saying he wanted an attorney who would devote his full time to his case . Geragos was also defending Scott Peterson , who was charged with murdering his wife , at the same time . Gourjian told the judge he was "  in no way inolved " in the Jackson case because he was "  a brand-new lawyer " busy working on the Scott Peterson murder case at the time . The decision rests on if Gourjian 's work for Jackson was "  substantially related " to the current case and if his work for the defense would require "  Gourjian to attempt to discredit his former client directly or indirectly , " Pastor said . The judge delayed a decision until more facts are provided by Geragos and there is a response from the lawyer for Michael Jackson 's estate . Mark Geragos will be asked to appear at the next hearing on February 24 , the judge said . Murray is also represented by Houston lawyer Ed Chernoff and J. Michael Flanagan of Los Angeles . The defense demanded a speedy trial at last month 's arraignment , the trial to start by the end of March . Jury selection is now set for March 24 . CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report	Murray wants lawyer Nareg Gourjian to join his defense team Gourjian 's old firm says he worked on Michael Jackson 's criminal defense The judge will decide if there is a conflict of interest Gourjian says he was too busy with Scott Peterson to work for Jackson
CNN  -- "  I do n't know the ins and outs of his politics  but  for his procession to become President I was in America and his speeches were spine tingling . Barack Obama can talk , and coming after Bush it was something to behold . In my humble opinion , if he loses the next election to the other bunch then , good Lord , I will run myself . " So says Noel Gallagher , former creative force of British band Oasis and one of rock 'n' roll 's biggest mouths . Singer-songwriter , brother to Liam and now a U.S. presidential candidate : 2012 promises to be quite a year for the 45-year-old whose song-writing talent has taken him from unemployment in a city called Manchester in northern England to sell-out stadium tours around the world , playing to millions . By September , Gallagher will have completed the tour of his first solo album since the demise of Oasis in 2009 ; an expedition entailing 81 shows across Europe , the Pacific  Japan and Australia  and America as well as being a voyage into the unknown for the forthright backing-singer-now-frontman . It was initially intended as a small affair , but such has been the demand for the new record -- "  Noel Gallagher 's High Flying Birds " topped the charts in the UK in October 2011 -- theaters have rapidly been upgraded to arenas to cope with demand . A move that surprised the man himself and maybe explains the overriding mood of calm satisfaction the guitarist exudes from beneath a leather jacket as he sits down with a coffee to talk to CNN . "  The amount of tickets I 've sold , the amount of records I 've sold ... I  just  did n't have any expectations for the new record . I thought I might stall at playing theaters for a couple of years but I 've gone up to arenas before the end of the first year , so I 'm blown away by that . "  Part of me thinks : ` Of course I 'll be playing arenas because I 'm f ****** brilliant and the songs are f ****** brilliant so it 's inevitable , but the other part of me says I do n't have any divine right to do that and I 've got to work at it . Turns out , the former was correct ! I am very grateful though . " It is not the first time the man dubbed "  The Chief " by former band mates , has experienced a wave of success . Until 2009 , Gallagher had been the artistic catalyst and the calmer half of the capricious brotherly partnership that saw Oasis , with their mix of Beatles melodies and Sex Pistols attitude , conquer charts around the world and become one of the planet 's biggest-selling bands . Oasis ' second album  What 's the story  Morning Glory ? broke into the Billboard top ten and sold nearly four million copies in the United States alone . But this figure proved to be seven times the sales of the group 's next three albums put together according to USA Today , a position that left many critics to argue that , unlike other British musical exports that had gone before them , the Gallagher 's had not been taken to heart by the American music-buying public . It 's an assertion the writer of Wonderwall contests . "  We got off on the wrong foot with Americans because they are extremely professional corporate people and we kind of treated that attitude with contempt . The only time we were ever on the cover of Rolling Stone they set aside eight hours for a photo shoot . Eight hours ! I think we stayed for an hour ... and they could n't believe it .  But  we just could n't understand why you have to enter into theatrics with Rolling Stone magazine on a day off , because we were s *** - kickers from the streets and did n't have time for that . "  Four American tours in a row were either never started or never finished  with Oasis  and we were subtitled on television because of our accents ... basically people could n't understand a word we were saying . We also did n't have a front man like Bono or Chris Martin , we had a different kind of front-man who was like Johnny Rotten , but I do n't think anybody ... would look back at it with regret , we did what we did on our own terms . " A staunch defense maybe of a band Gallagher currently has no plans to reform , but for someone so imbued with a British identity , the new album has particularly strong American sentiments . The new band includes an American guitarist , the first single release -- ` The Death of You and Me ' -- has a New Orleans-style brass section , and the videos for all the singles so far -- including ` Dream On ' and ` AKA ... What a Life ! ' -- have a 1970 's Americana theme with Noel as a central figure . Despite this , when asked if this had been a conscious thematic move , Gallagher remains adamant there is no new ambition to "  crack " the United States . "  Oasis  never had a number one album , we had a number two album ... we nearly got there . I do n't even know what cracking America is supposed to be though ? If it 's playing arenas everywhere , 10 thousand people a night then we did it . Not that I 've got to justify it but we did sell out the Hollywood Bowl and Madison Square Gardens regularly and I 've got gold and platinum discs  and  the house to prove it , Sonny Jim  sic  . We never won any Grammys , we never got nominated , but those people like Green Day and Hootie and the Blowfish ; f *** me , enough said . " The solo album has received good reviews broadly speaking so far . Rolling Stone magazine gave it 3.5 out of five with the recommendation that Noel had : "  Cook  ed  down the Beatles ' LSD pop into MDMA head-rushes like Oasis did , he does his old band proud . "  Shout it out for me ! " he declares in ` Dream On , ' making you want to do just that . " So did the album feel like a renaissance as it was being created ? "  I 've made enough of my records to know this was a pretty good bunch of songs . When I heard the final mixes , I wanted to stand behind them , they were good . Whether it gets five stars out of five or seven out of ten does n't make it any better or worse an album for me - or if it sells 700 thousand compared to 100 thousand - it is a good album because it is . "  Every album I 've ever been involved in , on the day that it came out I believed in it . Believed in them all equally but it 's evident that Morning Glory and Definitely Maybe have lasted for 18 years and some of them have n't . We wo n't know where this sits in the canon of what I 've done for another five years but I 'm confident it will be up there though , in fact I know it will . " The music on the new album breaks new ground for Gallagher , both in musical terms -- the Dixieland band on ` The Death of You and Me ' and the driving , repetitive beats of ` Everybody 's on the Run ' and ` AKA ... What a Life ! ' -- and in the song 's lyrical content . They verge , even revel , in romance . "  I do n't know how that happened ! My wife would say I 'm not romantic at all but I would say that I 'm the ultimate romancer because I write about ... life being brilliant . Not like the Indie  independent  music scene where I come from , they like to sing about the news do n't they ? There 's nothing good on the news . You 're not telling me CNN is all cats in trees are you ? Nothing can be that good if Piers Morgan is in it , you know what I mean ? "  So the themes  of the album are  escapism , love , romance ; to be on a journey - though I do n't like that word , people say that on reality shows do n't they - you know when a fat person becomes skinny they 've been on a amazing journey . No they have n't , they 've been on an amazing treadmill . Basically , the album includes brilliant and very well crafted songs , deceptively fantastic lyrics , all brilliantly played with the minimum of fuss and which are criminally underrated particularly in America , " Gallagher surmises in unabashed appraisal . But though his unshakable faith in his music remains the same as his halcyon days with Oasis , touring is now a different proposition . As a father of three life on the road now also means life apart from his young family too . "  The boys  Donovan and Sonny  do n't like me going away but I ca n't wait until they 're old enough so I can explain to them : ` You see all this all this multi-colored stuff  in our house  , where do you think it comes from ? Well , it does n't come form Father Christmas , somebody 's got to work for it and that somebody is me . So you jog on and go to bed and I 'll see you in a month . ' " And with that Noel Gallagher leaves the room to prepare for his latest arena show , played on this occasion in the Scottish city of Glasgow , a stone 's throw from the tiny venue where Oasis were first discovered all those years ago . Maybe now it is time for establishment acceptance of Gallagher in America , even if it is not in the White House .	Noel Gallagher , 45 , is former musical force behind British band Oasis His new album : "  Noel Gallagher 's High Flying Birds , " topped the charts in the UK in October 2011 Oasis ' second album  What 's the story  Morning Glory ? sold nearly four million copies in the United States First solo album tour includes 81 shows across Europe , the Pacific  Japan and Australia  and America
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- After emerging from the rubble of Moammar Gadhafi 's Baba az ' Azia palace late in August , Abdul Hakim Belhaj seized control as the military commander of Tripoli . An Islamist who had taken little public part in the spring uprising against Gadhafi , he claimed his soldiers had won the symbolic battle for the palace , the heart of the Libyan strongman 's regime . By taking control of Tripoli , Belhaj gained authority over a third of the country 's population and a major slice of its wealth . It was a power play that other opposition fighters bitterly resented . Abdullah Naker , one of several rival commanders , claims his fighters endured far tougher and more significant battles than the siege of Gadhafi 's palace , not least the struggle to win control of Tripoli 's main international airport that lasted several days . In an interview with CNN he downplayed Belhaj 's success and threatened confrontation , as internal divisions threaten to pull apart the coalition that brought Gadhafi down . "  Who is Abdulhakim Belhaj and who appointed him ? " Naker asks . "  We do n't know him . We are the leaders , we are the revolutionists , we know everything . " Naker echoes a much wider complaint that Belhaj is actually a stooge of the Qataris . "  We know that Abdulhakim Belhaj was in a school and Qatar sends him money to buy weapons , " he said . In Tripoli today it 's a commonly held belief that Belhaj 's Tripoli Military Council is getting direct funding from Qatar . These concerns come amid reports that a NATO delegation traveled to Qatar last week to raise the issue . Qatar has been a principal player in pushing the revolution forward as part of the NATO alliance . Now there 's growing unease in the Libyan capital that fractures among the groups controlling the country could have roots in divisions among the international coalition that overthrew Gadhafi . Belhaj , also known by his nom de guerre , Abu Abdullah Assadaq , was the military leader of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group , LIFG , and denies any nefarious ties to Qatar . But Libya 's rumor mill quickly turns suspicion into fact and he is finding it hard to shake the slur . His LIFG began fighting Gadhafi in the 1980s . After Gadhafi successfully crushed the LIFG , the group went underground and scattered . At its peak , the LIFG had underground cells in more than 20 countries , including Afghanistan , where it shared training camps with Al Qaeda . Belhaj had joined the new revolution with a ready-made army and a political religious ideology to boot . I know this because in 2009 I was trying to interview him when he was an inmate inside the notorious Abu Salim jail in Tripoli . In his writings then , he was trying to lead the group away from violent jihad towards a more political ideology . The so-called recantation theories , a 400-page manifesto he and several other fighting group leaders wrote from within the walls of the high security prison was the first ever direct jihadist challenge to Osama Bin Laden 's nihilistic ideology . Bin Laden and Belhaj had never been natural bedfellows , but now they were enemies . Still , none of this cuts the mustard in Tripoli today ; he 's just another leader with an agenda . Gadhafi himself predicted his detractors had little in common and would soon fight among themselves . Sure enough , as weeks of street uprisings dragged out into months of NATO bombing , fractures appeared . Abdel Fattah Younis , Gadhafi 's old ally and military chief who deserted him for the rebels was murdered in suspicious circumstances . Many feared it was the handiwork of the Islamists cutting down a moderate who might have made deals with some of his former boss 's friends . Today the fight is a war of words played out in the newly liberated conference halls of the capital . At the weekend , National Transitional Council  NTC  chairman Abdul Jalil tried to reconcile the growing differences . After a contentious group meeting with all the commanders , the atmosphere became so heated that he was forced to meet the next day with individual factions seperately . On the capital 's streets , the power struggle has more sinister overtones . First , Belhaj , citing the Jalil and the NTC 's backing , called for all heavy weapons to be put under his command or moved out of the city . "  We call on all the revolutionary brigades and small local councils to join this framework as acknowledgment of the legitimacy of the transitional council , " he said . It is statements like this that rankle with Naker . Naker claims it is his group , the Tripoli Revolution Council , that has the authority to have the weapons rounded up . Legitimacy in the capital , he says , is garnered from the neighborhood councils established to funnel weapons to fighters before the final push to over throw Gadhafi . But his challenge extends beyond Belhaj to the NTC and Jalil , the man who many regard as the very glue holding the disparate groups together . "  We gave this council the legitimacy and if we want we can withdraw the legitimacy from the transitional council ... then we have no problem with withdrawing its legitimacy , " Naker said . The root of the problem is that many Libyan 's are loyal to family , tribe , village and town before nation . They 've fought often isolated in their towns , Zintan in the western mountains , Misrata under siege on the coast for 6 months and Benghazi , its own large fiefdom in the east . Tripoli 's patchwork of neighborhood councils is but a minor mirror of that . Tajoura , Souk al Juma and Fashloom -- to name but a few -- saw many of the weapons smuggled in to the city over the summer . It 's given them muscle and the power to punch above their weight , as well as some freedom to choose sides . Belhaj claims many are loyal to him . "  We have met with all the local revolutionary councils and other small councils and we have agreed on a written statement we will show it to media soon , " he claimed . Trouble is Naker claims loyalty from some of the same councils . Meanwhile , the overnight thump of heavy guns being fired off for fun across many of Tripoli 's neighborhoods has dwindled . But no-one here is fooled that they 've gone silent for good . Tensions are leading to uncertainty . No-one wants to be boxed in like they were with Gadhafi , lives bounded by parameters . Revolution has given a taste of freedom and the capital 's citizens desperately want that seductive flavor on tap for good , enshrined in a genuine democracy before Islamists or anyone else starts taking their choices away . When the men in uniforms with guns and not the politicians in suits start to argue , people get afraid . Both Belhaj and Naker say they want to resolve their differences by talking . But over the past few weeks since Gadhafi 's family fled his Babal az Azia palace , misunderstanding and distrust have grown . Reversing it is proving to be a formidable challenge .	Abdul Hakim Belhaj seized control as the military commander of Tripoli Belhaj has authority over a third of Libya 's population and a large part of its wealth Rival commander Abdullah Naker contests Belhaj 's legitimacy Naker has echoed a complaint that Belhaj is a stooge of the Qataris
CNN  -- Andrew Dawson has nice hands , and he knows it . He 's fussy about moisturizing them and takes extra caution around the oven , although he uses power tools without hesitation . These hands are the stars of "  The Articulate Hand , " a piece of performance theater about how various people 's hands have become impaired and what effect that 's had on them , both practically and psychologically . It 's a collaboration between Dawson and neuroscientist Dr. Jonathan Cole , and supported by the Wellcome Trust . "  I mix up performance and lecture and basically talk about human stories , " Dawson says . "  It just happens that I 'm using my hand as a vehicle , but really I 'm talking about what it is to be human . " In the show , which he hopes to perform again this year , he talks about various people who have lost complete use of their hands and demonstrates to the audience , through his own body 's movements , what these people 's lives are like . "  I am looking for that unique balance between science and art , so that medial practitioners and researchers learn something about the work they are doing from a new perspective , without feeling that the performance is ` not for them , ' Dawson said . "  And that the art audience in turn learn something about their very structure , of what it takes to be a human without confusing them with science . " In October at TEDMED , a gathering of notable researchers , thinkers and other professionals in the health care space , Dawson performed a few powerful segments of "  The Articulate Hand . " For one portion he takes on the movements of Debbie Graham , a woman who injured her spine when she dove into a swimming pool , glided across it and hit the wall . Graham broke her neck , and is quadriplegic as a result . Graham received bionic hand technology called the Freehand System , which involves electrodes under her skin connected to a receiver driven by a radio transmitter on the skin . In this way , moving her shoulder backwards and forwards makes her hand open and close . Cole wrote about Graham in a book called "  Still Lives : Narratives of Spinal Cord Injury . " "  She can hold her fork herself or a brush and brush her hair , and that 's what gives her what she desires the most , and that 's independence , " Dawson says . Dawson and Cole met after Dawson saw the neuroscientist 's documentary about a man who can not sense the relative position of his own joints and limbs . The pair worked together on a piece called "  Process of Portrayal , " which deals with experiences of people who are paralyzed , or for whom movement is difficult . Recognizing Dawson 's "  extraordinary hands " and artistic talent , it made sense for Cole to focus on that for their subsequent collaboration . "  Human hand function really reflects the evolution of the movement and creative -LSB- areas of the -RSB- brain , and one way to reflect on how we are defined by our hands is to look at the consequences of loss of function , " Cole told CNN . "  So our next project had to be about the hand and neurology . " Cole explains on "  The Articulate Hand " website that there are parts of the brain called the motor and sensory cortex areas that are critical for the hand 's coordinated action , as well as sensation that helps you to act -- for instance , when you reach into your pocket for coins , and you have to feel and grasp them in order to pick them up without seeing them . He supplied the scientific insights and the patients that inspired "  The Articulate Hand . " Cole and Dawson also created short videos with the patients so that people can see what they are like in real life , in addition to Dawson 's portrayal . "  We never pathologize the conditions but rather show you individual people living with their altered hands , so asking the audience to look beyond the problem to the person , " Cole said . The show has been performed in the United Kingdom in 2010 and at the World Science Festival in June 2011 . Dawson took it to India last year also at a Wellcome Trust event . He is exploring multiple possibilities for 2012 . Dawson started out wanting to be an actor , and then got interested in dance , studying with the legendary dancer and choreographer Merce Cunningham . He also studied theater in Paris . His interest in mime illusions started at 16 or 17 , but he credits that more to his imagination than to his hands . Besides "  The Articulate Hand , " he 's also created and performed "  Space Panorama , " which depicts the Apollo 11 moon landing with Dawson 's hands alone , and a hand-based dance performance called "  Quatre Mains . " He 's also a hand model . If you want to try your hands at this sort of performance , Dawson has this advice : keep them moving , and keep them agile . "  There 's a lot of bones there . You have more bones in hands and feet than you have in whole of the rest of your body . You need to keep them supple . "	` The Articulate Hand ' is a piece of performance theater about living with impaired hands Artist Andrew Dawson and neuroscientist Jonathan Cole collaborated on it More than half the bones in the body are in the hands and feet
CNN  -- When a New York elementary school invited rock star Billy Joel to a tribute concert of his greatest hits , the last thing they expected was for him to actually show up . But that 's exactly what the "  Piano Man " singer did . Vocalists in grades kindergarten through second performed "  The River of Dreams : A Billy Joel Tribute Concert " on Wednesday in front of an audience consisting of their peers , teachers , families -- and Billy Joel himself . "  We really did n't expect him to come , " Nomi Rosen , principal of Deasy Elementary School in Glen Cove , Long Island , told CNN Thursday . Joel , who is a Long Island local , found out about the concert after word of mouth spread through the area , Rosen said . Joel arrived just five minutes before the concert began and took a seat in the back . "  I ran up to him to see if he wanted to go up to the front , and he said ` No , no , I do n't want the kids to be nervous , ' " Rosen recounted . With his permission , Rosen announced on stage that the "  Uptown Girl " singer was present "  and that 's when the roars started . " Joel hits that were featured were "  Movin ' Out , " "  We Did n't Start the Fire , " and "  Uptown Girl . " The tribute closed out the festivities with "  New York State of Mind " and "  Piano Man , " according to a statement on the school district 's website . Every spring at Deasy Elementary , the music teacher prepares a tribute to a different artist . Last year , it was the Beatles , although this is the first time the artist being honored actually showed up , Rosen said . According to Rosen , the parents and the older students were in awe at the singer 's presence , but not everyone was as impressed . "  The younger kids were like , ` Of course he is coming . We 're singing his songs he wants to hear us sing ! ' " Joel is on tour and not available for comment , according to representatives for the singer . Billy Joel making Madison Square Garden a monthly venue	Billy Joel attends an elementary school tribute concert in his honor on Long Island "  We really did n't expect him to come , " the school principal says Joel sits in the back of the audience ; he did n't "  want the kids to be nervous " "  Piano Man " and "  New York State of Mind " are part of the program
