CNN  -- Sherman Hemsley , who played the brash George Jefferson on "  All in the Family " and "  The Jeffersons , " died Tuesday at 74 , his booking agent said . Hemsley played Jefferson , a wisecracking owner of a dry cleaning business , on "  All In the Family " from 1973 until 1975 , when the spinoff "  The Jeffersons " began an 11-season run on CBS . Police in El Paso , Texas , where Hemsley lived , said there was no evidence of foul play . The cause of death will be determined through an autopsy , according to a news release . For the first few years on "  All in the Family , " George Jefferson was not seen , only referred to by his wife , Louise , played by the late Isabel Sanford . Sherman Hemsley : A tribute to the great George Jefferson , and more He told Archive of American Television in 2003 that he was told by the show 's producers that Jefferson should be "  pompous and feisty . " Jefferson was every bit as big a bigot as his neighbor , Archie Bunker , played by Carroll O'Connor . Jefferson often referred to white people as "  honkies . " He was also mean and condescending to his neighbors , his son Lionel and , when he moved to a ritzy apartment on Manhattan 's East Side , to his maid . But his character was still wildly popular with TV audiences . Overheard : So long , Sherman ; thanks for the laughs "  By me loving Louise and Archie loving  his wife  Edith , you got away with being goofy and stupid , " he said in 2003 . "  Because people said at least he loved something . " It made Jefferson human , he said . One of his former co-stars said she was shocked to hear he had died . "  I thought Sherman was doing very well , " said Marla Gibbs , who played feisty maid Florence Johnston on the "  The Jeffersons . " "  I am saddened to hear that Sherman has made his transition . We were trying to come up with a new show that we could participate in , but of course , that can not happen now . "  Sherman was one of the most generous co-stars I have ever worked with . He happily set me up so that I could slam him , and I did the same for him . I shall miss him deeply . " Hemsley said he drew on his experiences as a young man to develop Jefferson 's celebrated strut , which he did during filming as a joke . "  The way we walked in South Philly , you think you bad , " he said . "  You got ta be important . "  We had done about seven or eight takes  on the ` Jeffersons ' set  ... and then we started clowning around , " he said of the walk . "  That 's the one they kept . " Hemsley also played Deacon Ernest Frye in the sitcom "  Amen . " "  With the passing of Sherman Hemsley , the world loses one of its most unique comedic talents , and a lovely man , " Norman Lear , the creator of "  All in the Family , " said in a statement . In 2001 , Lear told Larry King that he discovered Hemsley doing the Broadway play "  Purlie . " EW : A tribute to George Jefferson He remembered him "  singing and dancing , and  Hemsley  was one of the most unique actors on the stage . " In 1990 , he released an album , "  Ai n't That a Kick in the Head , " and two years later another , entitled "  Dance . " "  I had the pleasure of working with him on ` House of Payne , ' " said producer and director Tyler Perry . "  He brought laughter and joy to millions . My childhood would have been a lot sadder without him . Thanks for the joy , thanks for your talent and thanks for your life . I celebrate it in all of its beauty . God bless you , Mr. Hemsley . " Hemsley was nominated for an Emmy in 1985 but lost to Bill Cosby . People we 've lost in 2012 : The live they lived CNN Entertainment contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say no evidence of foul play , waiting on autopsy for cause of death Hemsley explained in 2003 that producers told him to be pompous , feisty Former co-star says he was generous , they had talked of creating new show Hemsley , who also starred on "  Amen , " was 74
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Human remains found in Georgia on Saturday are being tested to see if they belong to a woman who went missing nearly a year and a half ago , a Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokesman said Sunday . Passersby found human bones about nine miles from where Kristi Cornwell of Blairsville , Georgia , was last seen in August 2009 , GBI spokesman John Bankhead said . Bankhead said the results of tests on the bones will be announced Monday morning . The site where the bones were discovered and Blairsville are both in Union County , in far northern Georgia . "  What you do first is compare people missing from Union County , " Bankhead told CNN Atlanta affiliate WSB . "  Right now , the only person missing from Union County is Kristi Cornwell , so we 'll be looking to see if there might be  a  connection to these remains . " Bankhead said that Cornwell 's family has been notified of the discovery . He said that authorities have a person of interest in Cornwell 's disappearance but would not provide further details . Last summer , on the one year anniversary of Cornwell 's disappearance , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said it had conducted interviews at 450 houses in the Union County area and that its file on the case had grown to 38 volumes . CNN 's Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	Remains are being tested to see if they are those of Kristi Cornwell Cornwell was last seen in August 2009 Results on tests to be announced Monday
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced Thursday that the United States has canceled joint military training exercises with the Egyptian military and alluded to the fact that his administration could take further steps to deal with the violence in Egypt . "  Going forward , I 've asked my national security team to assess the implications of the actions taken by the interim government and further steps we may take as necessary with respect to the U.S.-Egyptian relationship , " Obama said . In a statement from his vacation home on Martha 's Vineyard , the president , however , refrained from calling the government overthrow a coup , which would have implications for the military and humanitarian aid the United States sends to Egypt . "  The United States strongly condemns the steps that have been taken by Egypt interim government and security forces , " Obama said about this week 's Egyptian military crackdown against protests in Cairo . "  We deplore violence against civilians . " Obama avoided taking sides with any factions in the country , which his administration has done consistently . "  We do n't take sides with any particular party or political figure , " Obama said . "  We want Egypt to succeed . We want a peaceful , democratic , prosperous Egypt . That 's our interest . " The president continued : "  America can not determine the future of Egypt . That 's a task for the Egyptian people . " Obama put the United States on the side of the Egyptian people , stating that his administration believes regular Egyptians "  deserve better than what we have seen in the last several days . " "  To the Egyptian people , let me say the cycle of violence and escalation needs to stop , " Obama said . "  We call on the Egyptian authorities to respect the universal rights of the people . " Bergen : Al Qaeda leader 's ' I told you so ' on Egypt Bright Star -- next month 's joint U.S.-Egyptian military exercise -- would have involved thousands of American air and ground forces . Obama administration officials told CNN on Wednesday that canceling the military exercises -- which are held every two years -- was being considered . The president is currently on vacation with his family on Martha 's Vineyard , an island off the coast of Massachusetts . Some Republicans and right-leaning blogs have criticized that fact that while Egypt fell into turmoil , the president golfed , went to a cocktail party and ate at an upscale restaurant . A senior White House official told CNN 's Jake Tapper Thursday the president was briefed on the severity of the violence in Egypt in a phone call with key administration officials involved in U.S.-Egypt relations , including Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , Secretary of State John Kerry and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper . Obama 's statement comes a day after the bloodiest day in Egypt since the 2011 revolution that ousted Hosni Mubarak . At least 525 people were killed and more than 3,700 injured , according to the Egyptian Health Ministry , in clashes that began when security forces moved in to break up protesters demonstrating in support of former President Mohamed Morsy , who was elected to office after Mubarak 's ouster . The number of dead could go up , as the Muslim Brotherhood has said many of its supporters who were killed have not yet been counted . Egypt 's Christians under pressure as churches are torched The violent outbreaks mark the bloodiest moment in Egypt 's short-lived experiment with democracy . In July , Egypt 's military toppled Morsy , the country 's first democratically elected president , and remanded him to jail . The Obama administration at the time did not call the overthrow a coup . That decision was roundly criticized by Republicans like Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , who traveled to Egypt earlier this month and said Morsy 's ouster was clearly a coup . The terminology could affect the more than $ 1 billion in foreign aid Egypt gets from the United States . U.S. law restricts providing aid in instances of a military coup , and though White House spokesman Jay Carney has said the Obama administration is evaluating the "  incredibly complex and difficult situation , " he also said Washington is not ready to cut off the aid . "  It would not be in the best interests of the United States to immediately change our assistance programs " to Egypt , Carney said in July . When reporters pressed Carney on the coup question , the spokesman stubbornly repeated a lengthy response that essentially said the United States would determine how to proceed at its own pace . "  What we do n't believe is necessary is to hastily reach a determination when the right course of action in our view is to review this in a deliberate manner , to consult with Congress , to review our obligations under the law and to , in the meantime , encourage the authorities in Egypt to hasten a return to democratic governance in that country , and to a democratically elected government , " he said . The Obama administration , when pressed on this issue , has stressed the complexity of the situation in Egypt -- the most populous Arab country in the world and one of only two Arab nations to have signed a peace treaty with vital U.S. ally Israel . Obama condemns Egyptian military crackdown on civilians Obama 's Thursday statement echoed much of what Kerry said on Wednesday -- that the violence was a "  serious blow " to reconciliation efforts in the African nation . "  The United States strongly condemns today 's violence and bloodshed across Egypt -- it 's a serious blow to reconciliation and the Egyptian people 's hopes for a transition towards democracy and inclusion , " Kerry said from the State Department press briefing room . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Jake Tapper and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama cancels military exercises with Egypt , says U.S. might take further steps U.S.-Egyptian military exercise would have involved thousands of American air and ground forces Obama did not call the Egyptian military 's overthrow of the government a coup U.S. law restricts aid in instances of military coup ; Egypt gets more than $ 1 billion from U.S.
CNN  Home means many different things to different people . It 's an idea that intrigues German-born photographer Corinna Kern , who moved into a squatted commercial building for several months in order to document the uncommon lifestyle unfolding behind its walls . She first visited a squat -- a building occupied by people who do n't own it or pay rent -- out of personal interest in April 2013 , while she was in London studying for her master 's degree . The notion that this interest could be developed into a wider concept only came along a month or two later , she said . The result is a striking collection of photographs and text titled "  A Place Called Home , " in which she seeks to challenge common preconceptions about squatters -- and explore the idea that home is more a feeling than a physical place . Having moved into her new home in a squat in Kentish Town , north London , Kern had to figure out how to coexist in one building with 30 people and three dogs . She also found herself part of a wider alternative community that 's both transient and close-knit . Through the connections she made , she visited six other squats in north and south London . One was in a former fabric warehouse , another in an abandoned garden center , a third in a white-walled former design studio . "  As the squatting scene is very interconnected , I came to discover how diverse squats can be , both in their visual appearance and emotional vibe , " she said . "  The unusualness of the different places , which may not comply with the idea of home in the common sense , intrigued me and shaped my project . " All the squats Kern visited were in former commercial premises . A law enacted in September 2012 made it illegal to squat in residential properties . With housing costs high in London and affordable options in short supply , squatting can seem an appealing option to some people -- although , as Kern points out , it 's not a lifestyle chosen simply because of homelessness or poverty . "  What might commonly be perceived as a shelter for the homeless or poor is often a conscious choice of an alternative and communal way of living , " she writes in the text accompanying her images . "  The squatting lifestyle attracts many individuals on their search for adventure , freedom , friendship and self-discovery . Yet , it demands sacrifices and the ability to change and adapt . " The squatters ' campaign group SQUASH  Squatters ' Action for Secure Homes  says no one knows how many squatters there are nationwide at any one time . But it is clear that tens of thousands of people in the UK have squatted at one time or another , it says . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . The Empty Homes Agency , an independent charity group that campaigns for empty homes to be used for those in need , estimates that there are currently 610,000 empty homes in England . About one-third of these homes have been empty for six or more months , it says . But since it 's now illegal to squat in residential properties , empty or not , squatters have turned to London 's disused commercial buildings , many of which have been left empty long-term . When squatters move in , they bring a new life to the space , often surprising in its incongruity . In one of Kern 's photographs , taken inside the disused fabric warehouse , a man rests on a shelf used for storing rolls of cloth . He 's hard to spot at first among the jumble of multicolored fabric . Other images show "  The Castle , " a former five-story office block in central London that is now a home for more than 100 squatters -- and a site for raves . Graffiti covers the walls , and party detritus is scattered across the floor where office workers once walked . Another of Kern 's photographs , taken in a squat in a former cabaret restaurant , shows a young man and woman , semi-clothed and hard at work to repair and alter their surroundings using cloth and wood . For her project , Kern says , she used only a wide-angle lens to reflect the closeness of her subjects . "  The use of natural light adds to a candid feel , " she said , adding to the authenticity of the images . "  I visually tried to convey the very different vibes of the squats that became homes , according to both their residents and the nature of the occupied spaces . Especially for the squat that I stayed at , I focused largely on the communal lifestyle in order to convey a sense of home . " Far from encountering resistance as she ventured into people 's intimate space , Kern says she made many friends . This was in part because she won people 's trust by living among them -- but also because her project aimed to celebrate the positive aspects of their lifestyle rather than reinforce the negative stereotypes of squatters as wasters , tax dodgers or down-and-outs . "  My fellow squatters knew that I was a photographer documenting the squatting lifestyle , since I was always carrying my camera with me , " she said . "  The squatters were very welcoming when I first met them , became my friends , hence the majority reacted positively towards me taking photographs . " Despite the privations that come with squatting in buildings that often have no electricity or running water , Kern says she would do it again -- although she wants to try out the many other alternative lifestyles out there first . From her images and her words , it 's clear she found her time in a squat an overwhelmingly rewarding experience . "  You may not have a shower , but you may gain the most amazing rooftop views , " she writes . "  You may have to share your room with seven other people , but you may share your happiest moments with them . You may have to move 10 times a year , but the diverse places and people you meet become an integral part of your journey through life , turning it into anything but ordinary . " Corinna Kern is a photojournalist and documentary photographer based in South Africa . She is on the Reportage by Getty Images Emerging Talent roster .	Photographer Corinna Kern joined squatters in London to document their uncommon lifestyle Kern 's images aim to challenge conventional beliefs of what makes a home All the squats Kern visited were in former commercial premises
We 're leaving . No , you 're not . That 's where the crisis in Ukraine stood Thursday after lawmakers in Crimea voted in favor of leaving the country for Russia and putting it to a regional vote in 10 days . This act drew widespread condemnation , with Ukrainian interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk calling such a referendum "  an illegitimate decision . " "  Crimea was , is and will be an integral part of Ukraine , " he said . It was a sentiment echoed by several world leaders , who called the scheduled vote and possible pullout violations of Ukrainian and international law . "  Any discussion about the future of Ukraine must include the legitimate government of Ukraine , " said U.S. President Barack Obama . "  In 2014 , we are well beyond the days when borders can be redrawn over the heads of democratic leaders . " It 's not clear how easily the region could split off from Ukraine even if the referendum endorses the move . The developments came at a dizzying pace Thursday as Yatsenyuk joined emergency talks in Brussels , Belgium , called by leaders of the European Union who support the Kiev government and want to de-escalate the crisis . The EU and the United States announced plans to freeze the assets of Viktor Yanukovych , who was ousted as Ukraine 's president after he turned his back on a trade deal with the EU in favor of one with Russia . The rejected trade deal prompted months of protests that culminated in February with bloody street clashes that left dozens dead and Yanukovych out of office . Interpol said it is reviewing a request by Ukrainian authorities that would allow for the arrest of Yanukovych on charges of abuse of power and murder , an allegation tied to the death of protesters . Moscow has denounced the events that led to Yanukovych 's ouster as an illegitimate coup and has refused to recognize the new Ukrainian authorities , putting the two countries on a collision course over control of the Crimea , a peninsula on the Black Sea that has long ties to Russia and has thousands of Russian troops stationed there . Russian President Vladimir Putin has insisted he has the right to use military force in Ukraine if necessary to protect ethnic Russians under threat in Crimea . Ukrainian officials say no such threat exists and say Putin is using it as a pretext to control the region . As the standoff continued , Ukrainian authorities announced the arrest Thursday of a leader of a pro-Russian movement in the eastern city of Donetsk . Authorities said he is a Ukrainian national named Pavlo Gubarev , a self-proclaimed governor of Donetsk . In Crimea , worlds collide Growing divide The crisis threatens to not only divide Ukraine , but Russia and the West . Those two sides have exchanged barbs and threatened punitive measures against each other in recent days , all while offering divergent views on the situation in Crimea . Two diplomats at the center of the crisis -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov -- met face-to-face on Thursday . They agreed to continue talking "  over the course of the next hours , the next days " to try to find a political solution to end the crisis , Kerry told reporters following the meeting . The diplomats ' bosses , Obama and Putin , talked for an hour Thursday afternoon , with the U.S. president stating "  Russia 's actions are in violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty " and that there is a diplomatic way out , according to the White House . Putin 's office said the call -- initiated by Obama -- "  revealed differences in approaches and assessments of the causes of the crisis and the current situation . " He also voiced Russia 's view it "  can not ignore calls for help " from eastern and southeastern Ukraine , before concluding that Lavrov and Kerry "  will continue intensive contacts . " Such conversations have n't stopped either side from taking action . EU nations , for instance , announced Thursday they will suspend bilateral talks with Russia on visa matters and have threatened travel bans , asset freezes and cancellation of the EU-Russia summit . "  Any further steps by the Russian Federation to destabilize the situation in Ukraine would lead to additional and far reaching consequences for relations in a broad range of economic areas , " EU leaders said , having also threatened travels bans on certain Russians and the freezing of some assets . The United States has taken action . The State Department has imposed a visa ban on Russian and Ukrainian officials and others that it says are responsible for , or complicit in , threatening Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . Obama signed an executive order laying the groundwork for sanctions against individuals and entities responsible for the crisis . Despite such pressure , Russia has n't budged , even refusing to engage in direct talks with the new Ukrainian authorities in Kiev . As his office noted after the Obama call , Putin believes this government "  is a result of an unconstitutional revolution " and imposed "  illegitimate decisions . " The dispute has threatened to boil into a military conflict . Putin has denied claims by Ukrainian officials and Western diplomats that Russia has sent thousands of troops into the region in recent days . Moscow says the heavily armed troops , who are in uniforms without insignia and who have reportedly encircled Ukrainian bases , are local "  self-defense " forces . Meanwhile , Russia has begun an air defense drill 280 miles  450 kilometers  from Ukraine 's border , reports Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti . A military spokesman called it "  the largest-ever exercise held by air defense units " in the region . Russian authorities said the drills are part of a regular combat training cycle , according to the news agency . But the move comes a day after the U.S. military announced it was beefing up the number of fighter jets in the Baltics , adding six F-15s to the four participating in a NATO mission in the region . Five possible ways to end the crisis Voting for Russia or Ukraine ? Amid all the diplomatic wrangling , it is Ukrainians who are most directly affected . And they hardly are speaking with one voice . Furor in the western part of the country over Yanukovych , his powers and his bringing Ukraine closer to Russia led to his ouster . Now , most people here support the new government and oppose Russian intervention , as well as the prospect of Crimea becoming part of Russia . The sentiment tends to be very different in Crimea -- which was part of Russia until being given to Ukraine in 1954 by Soviet leader Nikita Kruschev -- and other parts of southern and eastern Ukraine . Late last month , the parliament in Crimea installed a new , pro-Moscow government late last month -- as armed , pro-Russian men besieged the parliament building -- and does not recognize the authorities in Kiev . Citizens will be allowed to vote on March 16 on whether they want an autonomous republic of Crimea within Russia ; or within Ukraine . The autonomous region has a 60 % ethnic Russian population , having been part of Russia until it was ceded to Ukraine in 1954 by the Soviet Union . But not everyone may be as keen on coming under Moscow 's direct influence . About 25 % of the peninsula 's population is Ukrainian and about 12 % is Crimean Tatar , a predominantly Muslim group . As riot police looked on , hundreds gathered Thursday in the southern port city of Odessa under the flag of the former Soviet Union calling for unity with Russia . "  We are all standing here for Russia , " one masked protester told CNN 's Matthew Chance . "  None of us wants to be part of the European Union . " Late Thursday , the management of the hotel in the Crimean capital of Simferopol where CNN has been based told the network to stop broadcasting from there . Other media outlets got the same message , and no reason was given . Not everyone in this region wants to become part of Russia . Protesters , including one topless woman who was dragged away screaming , railed against the Crimean parliament vote and Putin . But they were drowned out by a heckling , pro-Russian crowd . Alex Shiroki , from Yalta , said that his boss asked him , point-blank , "  Are you for Ukraine or for Russia ? " While his boss favors the latter , Shiroki does not , saying he 'd probably leave if Crimea ends up splitting from Ukraine . U.S. paves way for sanctions on Russians , Ukrainians over Crimea Michael Crawford , a former British ambassador in Eastern Europe , said that may not happen -- at least easily or peacefully -- even if voters support such a split in the upcoming referendum . "  For Russia to start cherry-picking bits of the former Soviet Union , cranking up referenda in Kazakhstan or Latvia or wherever you like , to try to carve off bits , would be against international law , " Crawford said , "  And it would be something Vladimir Putin has said he does n't want to do . " Yatsenyuk said that if Ukraine is broken up , the world will have trouble ever getting another country to give up its nuclear weapons program . Why ? In 1994 , Ukraine agreed to give up its Soviet-era nuclear arsenal in return for guarantees -- signed by the United States , the United Kingdom and Russia -- of its territorial integrity and independence . What happens now to Ukraine "  will have an impact on nuclear nonproliferation programs , " Yatsenyuk said . Live updates of the crisis in Ukraine U.N. envoy to CNN : Situation in Crimea ` dangerous ' Anchor quits : I ca n't be part of network ` that whitewashes ' Putin 's actions	Putin to Obama : Russia "  can not ignore the calls for help " Crimean lawmakers set a date for a referendum on staying in Ukraine or joining Ukraine 's interim prime minister , U.S. President Obama call such a vote unlawful West threatens Russia with punitive actions over Ukraine
CNN  -- Amnesty International has accused Hamas militants in Gaza of kidnapping , killing and torturing fellow Palestinians they accuse of spying for Israel , the organization announced Tuesday . Hamas supporters stand on the rubble of a building hit by an Israeli strike that killed Hamas ' interior minister . According to Amnesty International , at least 24 Palestinian men -- most of them civilians -- were shot and killed by Hamas gunmen during the recent Israeli offensive aimed at crippling the Hamas leadership in Gaza . "  Scores of others have been shot in the legs , kneecapped or inflicted with other injuries intended to cause permanent disability , " the human rights organization said in a news release . Hamas leaders have publicly accused followers of its rival Palestinian political faction , Fatah , of spying for the Israelis during the conflict , and they have said many have been arrested for collaborating with the Jewish state . But they deny ordering any reprisal attacks against suspected spies , instead blaming rogue elements . The Israeli military offensive in Gaza was launched at the end of December and ended three weeks later , when Israeli forces withdrew under the terms of a cease-fire agreement . Amnesty said that the targets of "  Hamas ' deadly campaign " include prisoners who escaped from Gaza 's central prison when Israeli forces bombed it in the initial days of the military conflict . Some prisoners injured in the Israeli bombing were "  shot dead in the hospitals where they were receiving treatment , " Amnesty said . "  The perpetrators of these attacks did not conceal their weapons or keep a low profile , but , on the contrary , behaved in a carefree and confident -- almost ostentatious -- manner , " it said . Other targets included former members of Palestinian Authority security forces and supporters of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas ' Fatah party . Fatah , which is based in the West Bank , has denied spying on Hamas . Fatah leaders have accused Hamas of rounding up at least 175 of their members in Gaza during the Israeli war and torturing them . The two Palestinian factions have been locked in a power struggle since Hamas won parliamentary elections in January 2006 and wrested Gaza from Fatah in violent clashes the following year . Abbas is a U.S. ally and regularly negotiates with Israel as the Palestinian leader , but he holds little sway in Gaza . Fatah supporters have been accused of helping the Israeli military conduct its campaign in Gaza , which targeted the Hamas leadership . Neighbors of Hamas Interior Minister Said Siam said they suspected Fatah supporters helped Israel pinpoint his location when they bombed his house on January 15 . Siam was highest-ranking Hamas member killed in the Israeli offensive . Most of those suspected of spying for Israel have been abducted from their homes and then "  dumped -- dead or injured -- in isolated areas , " according to Amnesty International . During the Gaza conflict , medical officials at Gaza City 's main medical facility , Shifa Hospital , said injuries they witnessed were consistent with people being shot in the kneecaps , elbows , hands or feet . Punishment shootings are a time-tested tactic used worldwide by guerrilla and militia groups , from Che Guevara in Cuba to the Irish Republican Army in Northern Ireland . They are meant not only to take revenge but also to send a message to others . Two self-described Fatah loyalists were found heavily bandaged at a Gaza City safe house during the recent conflict . One of their colleagues refused to say where or why they were injured , but they denied spying . "  They shot him at close range with a pistol , " he said of one man . "  His bones are shattered . They shot him point-blank in the foot . ... This was done by Hamas people . " The other man , he said , was struck on his legs with a metal construction bar . "  Four people were beating him , " he said . A Hamas security source told CNN the shootings occurred because renegade gunmen took the law into their own hands . Ehad al-Ghossain , Hamas ' Interior Ministry spokesman , said there was no official order within Hamas to carry out such shootings . "  That 's not us , " al-Ghossain said . "  Maybe some families who had problems in the past just wanted to shoot these people . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report	NEW : Some people shot as they lay in hospitals , Amnesty International says Two dozen Palestinians killed by Hamas , rights group says Hamas accused the victims of spying for Israel , group says Hamas blames attacks on rogue elements
The Frisky  -- Who was the first person you called the day your ex dumped you ? Or that time you found a weird bump ? Or the day you stumbled across that pair of barely worn Christian Louboutins at the Goodwill ? You need to break connections with "  friends " who only bring negative things into your life . If you 're like me , you called a girlfriend . While I love my man , and adore my cats to what some might consider a scary degree , the relationships I have with my girls is on an entirely different plane . They 're the funniest , smartest , weirdest  in a good way !  gaggle of broads I 've ever met and I feel lucky every day to have them around . It was n't always this way . I 've had to prune my posse  please note that I 've also been kicked out of people 's lives as well  and have discovered some types to avoid . Drama queen The Drama Queen is n't happy  and "  happy " is a relative term here  unless she 's freaking out . Little things us boring normals would shrug off -- like a missed bus or parking ticket -- become monumental shriekfests . She does n't get the flu , she gets oh-my-god-I-think-it 's - cancer ! Everything is a crisis , and she demands constant handholding and attention . The Frisky : 13 signs she 's a loser Luckily , these types ca n't help but reveal their true colors pretty quickly and unless you 're content to be cast as an extra in your own life , you 'll banish her from the set . Nurse Betty There is nothing that makes this one as happy as a friend in need . This may seem like a good quality  and often is -- for a while  , but once you 've got your butt back in gear , she either loses interest or , worse , reminds you constantly of how bad things once were , in the hopes that you 'll fall back into feeling like crap so she can "  save " you again . The Frisky : Is it evil to talk a friend out of getting married ? You have two choices with this type -- either arrange it so you 're constantly in crisis , or pretend you 're problem-free so she gets bored . Better yet , introduce her to the drama queen -- they 'll be very happy together . Lady-hater "  I do n't have female friends because all the women I meet are jealous of me . " Yes , someone actually said this to me . Instead , this person prefers her friends to be of the male variety -- ideally hopelessly in love with her and willing to do her bidding . The Frisky : How do grown women make friends ? You do n't really have to worry about ditching this snot because she does n't want anything to do with you in the first place . The critic Also known as the frenemy , the critic is chockfull of helpful suggestions . For instance , you know your favorite dress ? Well , it makes you look kind of fat . No offense . Speaking of which -- have you gained a little weight ? Or are you pregnant ? Are you sure ? Well , never mind , you can have some of her old "  fat " clothes since she has no use for them anymore . Understandably , Critics have a fairly high turnover rate in the friend department . I unfriended one such mean girl only to have her show up at a mutual friend 's birthday party -- for the sole purpose of telling the birthday girl exactly what was wrong with her ! ¡ Feliz Cumpleaños ! The leg humper Do you know what it 's like to walk into a bar and find one of your closest friends making out with the guy you 've had a crush on for an entire year ? I do ! Granted , that 's nowhere near as bad as my friend Melissa who discovered her husband was schtupping her BFF , but still . It stung . And sure , nobody forced Melissa 's husband to be a cheating jerk , but a good girlfriend never would 've gone there with him . The Frisky : Why you should not pursue a taken man You 'll know when you 're in the presence of one of these bottom-feeders by the way you become invisible the second there 's a guy in the vicinity . So yeah , I had to learn the hard way . But having been put through the wringer by these types of lady-scoundrels makes me doubly appreciate the awesome dames I still have in my life . The Frisky : When good friends go bad TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Your friends are people you want with you in good times and bad The critic and nurse Betty friends will like you when you feel bad The drama queen and lady-hater will never let you have center stage
CNN  -- A trial for nine terror suspects accused of having ties to al Qaeda opened in a Belgian court Monday , with the main defendant suspected of nearly launching a terror attack just hours before a 2008 European Union summit in Brussels . That defendant , Malika el Aroud , and her husband , Moez Garsallaoui , are charged with heading a terrorist cell linked to al Qaeda and running a Web site that glorified suicide bombings and urged young Muslims to sacrifice themselves in jihad , or holy war . The couple has long enjoyed a notorious reputation among European counterterrorism services . El Aroud 's previous husband , Abdessattar Dahmane , had assassinated Ahmed Shah Massoud , the head of the anti-Taliban Northern Alliance , in a suicide bombing ordered by Osama bin Laden two days before the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States . When CNN interviewed the couple in 2006 , el Aroud showed how she administered a pro-al Qaeda Web forum called Minbar SOS , which included pro-al Qaeda postings and propaganda videos . Belgian investigators say the Web site played an important role in the radicalization of members of the French-Belgian group . The Belgian-Moroccan woman was considered an "  al Qaeda living legend " upon her arrest on December 11 , 2008 , as leaders of the European Union 's 27 member states arrived in Brussels for the summit . Fourteen people were arrested early that morning in one of the largest counterterrorism operations in Belgian history . Six eventually were charged with participation in a terrorist group . The others were released . At the time , officials told CNN that the alleged cell had connections to a senior al Qaeda operative who helped orchestrate the 2006 "  Airline Plot , " widely recognized as al Qaeda 's most serious terror attempt since 9/11 . A senior counterterrorism source with detailed knowledge of the investigation said the alleged cell was connected to the top ranks of al Qaeda through Garsallaoui , a Tunisian Islamist militant who left Belgium for the tribal areas of Pakistan in late 2007 . According to Belgian counterterrorism officials , Garsallaoui , a Tunisian citizen , relied heavily on the Internet to recruit members to the group . The other defendants are Belgian citizens : Hicham Beyayo , Ali El Ghanouti , Yussuf Said Harrizi , Hicham Bouhali Zrioul , Jean Trefois , Abdullazziz Bastin , and Mohammed Bastin . Garsallaoui , who has yet to be captured , and Zrioul , who has fled on bail , will be tried in absentia . Defense lawyer Christophe Marchand said the trial is scheduled to take place four days a week , from Monday to March 26 . A ruling is expected toward the end of April . The use of the Internet by the suspected al Qaeda cell was instrumental in getting approval recently for a law that will give state security agents power to monitor Internet usage . The law will take effect at the end of the year . While the country 's intelligence services previously had some of the weakest Internet laws at its disposal , it now has some of the strongest regulations in the world . "  One of the people involved in the case in Belgium -- I 'd rather not name her -- is coming forward as someone who is seeking to defend jihad ideology by what 's on the Internet , " Alain Winants , the head of Belgian intelligence , told CNN in a recent interview . "  I think that a lot of individuals in these cases -- and Bryant Neal Vinas , too -- have been wrapped up by radicalization on Internet site . " Vinas , a native of New York , pleaded pleaded guilty in January 2009 to charges of aiding al Qaeda and helping attack a U.S. military base in Afghanistan . Authorities accused Vinas of firing rockets at the base along with others in September 2008 , and of providing al Qaeda with information about the New York transit system and the Long Island Railroad . Vinas , 27 , was arrested in Pakistan late in 2008 and is awaiting sentencing . He told investigators that about the time he became an al Qaeda member , he came across several Belgian and French militants . He said he met in Waziristan in northwest Pakistan with at least three members of this group , including Garsallaoui and Zrioul , a Belgian-Moroccan who once worked as a taxi driver in Brussels . In June 2008 , Garsallaoui wrote an e-mail to his wife , intercepted by U.S. counterterrorism agencies , in which he claimed to have killed several Americans in Afghanistan , according to Belgian legal documents . However , Garsallaoui 's list of enemies does not seem to have been limited to U.S. troops in Afghanistan . On May 11 , 2009 , he issued this threat to Belgium authorities on his wife 's Web site : "  If you thought that you could pressure me to slow down through the arrest of my wife , you were wrong . It wo n't stop me fulfilling my objectives . ... The place of my wife in my heart and the heart of all the mujahedeen is greater than ever . ... Surprises are sure to be in store for you in the days ahead . Those who laugh last , laugh more . " CNN 's Nic Robertson and Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	Trial begins in Belgium for nine people accused of having ties to al Qaeda Two main defendats charged with heading a terrorist cell linked to al Qaeda Key suspect is 50-year-old woman accused of heading terror cell Trial expected to last until end of March ; verdict expected toward end of April
Hong Kong  CNN  -- As Hurricane Sandy lashes the East Coast of the United States with wind and rain , Southeast Asia is dealing with the trail of death and damage from a powerful storm that has killed at least 30 people in the region over the past few days . Superstorm Sandy threatens ` catastrophe ' of a lifetime Tropical Storm Son-Tinh was moving northeast along the northern Vietnamese coast on Monday after tearing the roofs off hundreds of houses and breaching flood defenses overnight , the state-run Vietnam News Agency  VNA  reported . Son-Tinh was at typhoon level when it thumped into northern Vietnam late Sunday with winds as strong as 133 kilometers per hour  83 mph  . It left three people dead and two injured , according to an initial estimate from the Office of the National Search and Rescue Committee reported by  VNA  . More than a 1,300 rescue workers and soldiers have been deployed to work with local authorities on search and rescue efforts in the aftermath of the storm , VNA said . Helicopters were on standby for a search and rescue mission for an oil rig with 35 people on board that became disconnected from its towboats miles out at sea amid strong waves generated by the storm , according to VNA . And five people were missing Sunday after winds from Son-Tinh sank an engineering vessel near a cargo terminal in Sanya , a city on the southern Chinese island of Hainan , China 's state-run news agency Xinhua reported . Son-Tinh is expected to gradually weaken over the course of Monday , regional weather agencies said . At least 260,000 people in Vietnam had been relocated to safer areas as it approached Sunday . The storm had already killed 27 people when it swept across the central Philippines during the second half of last week , causing flash floods and landslides , according to the Philippine National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . Nine people remain missing , the council said Monday . East Asia is buffeted for several months a year by heavy storms that roll in from the western Pacific Ocean . In August , a big typhoon , named Bolaven , killed more than 60 people on the Korean peninsula .	More than a thousand rescue workers have been deployed in Vietnam Helicopters are on standby to search for an oil rig adrift from its towboats Tropical Storm Son-Tinh had already killed at least 27 people in the Philippines
CNN  -- The English Premier League will become the first domestic championship in the world to use goal-line technology  GLT  , it was confirmed on Thursday . At a meeting of the Premier League 's 20 chairmen in London , the historic decision to use goal-line technology for the start of the 2013-2014 season was approved . It means the system provided by British-based firm Hawk-Eye , chosen ahead of German company GoalControl , will be in place for the curtain-raising Community Shield on 10-11 August . "  Football is fundamentally a simple game ; whichever side scores most goals wins , " said Chief Executive Richard Scudamore on the Premier League 's official website . "  So , when one is scored , or indeed not scored , and we have the ability through technology to definitively know whether the ball crossed the line we should absolutely use it . "  Fans , players and managers exhort , strain and stress respectively for their teams to score or prevent goals being scored , so we as administrators should do all that we can to ensure the correct decisions are being made . " Scuadmore said that the fact that Hawk-Eye used cameras was a ` critical ' factor in selecting the technology , since it can be replayed by broadcasters -- with the Premier League also exploring whether replays can be played on big screens inside stadiums . "  It is essential that fans see the system in action to know that it is working , " he added . Hawk-Eye 's system uses seven cameras to track the movement of the ball and sends a signal -- within a second -- to watches worn by match officials when a goal is scored . FIFA had long opposed the use of the technology until a valid England goal was disallowed at the 2010 World Cup , prompting president Sepp Blatter to alter his stance on the issue . Fabio Capello was at the helm on that occasion but current England manager Roy Hodgson believes the introduction of GLT represents a watershed moment in the history of football . "  It 's probably one of those moments that will go down with the changes to the offside rule and the back-pass rule , which most of us at the time were very skeptical about , but which we 've now taken to our hearts because we appreciate it , " he said . First trialled by FIFA at last year 's Club World Cup in Japan , GLT will be used at July 's Confederations Cup and next year 's World Cup in Brazil , with Germany company GoalControl set to provide the technology on both occasions . Overlooked by FIFA for those tournaments , Hawk-Eye -- which already provides ball-tracking systems for tennis and cricket -- will install its technology in 20 Premier League grounds and at Wembley , which will host August 's Community Shield . England is the first of Europe 's major leagues to announce plans to introduce GLT with Germany 's Bundesliga saying last month it had no plans to use the technology until 2015 at the earliest . While the head of Italy 's Serie A said this week that he saw no need to use GLT , a leading Spanish official said he hopes to adopt the system within three years . "  We are not going to be as quick as the Premier League but we are in favor of the system , " said Francisco Roca Perez . "  I expect that in two or three years we will be able to do something like this , either with technology that we buy or that we create ourselves . " In a separate development , the Premier League has ratified controls that oblige clubs to restrict losses to a limit of $ 162 million over a three-year period . The move has been made to put a break on clubs ' spending , with many suffering economic concerns in recent times . According to the most recently-published accounts , defending champions Manchester City , Chelsea , Liverpool and Aston Villa have all reported losses in excess of $ 162m over the last three years . The Premier League says clubs that break the rules could face a points deduction .	Premier League sanctions use of goal-line technology for 2013-2014 season System will be installed at every Premier League ground as well as at Wembley EPL is at least two years ahead of other major European leagues
EW.com  -- HBO is renewing "  Real Time with Bill Maher " for two more years . The late-night left-wing talk show is getting an 11th and 12th season on the premium cable network , taking the program through 2014 . "  Bill Maher 's irreverent wit and fearless insights make him the perfect observer for these unpredictable times , " HBO programming president Michael Lombardo said . "  I 'm delighted that we can continue to offer an uncensored forum for his original and thoughtful humor . " Maher has been a fixture on HBO since his first stand-up special for the network in 1989 and currently has an overall deal with the network . His latest book has a title that pretty much sums up his perspective : "  The New New Rules : A Funny Look at How Everybody but Me Has Their Head Up Their A ** . " HBO is owned by the parent company of CNN . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Real Time with Bill Maher " has been renewed for two more years The talk show is getting an 11th and 12th season on the premium cable network Maher has been a fixture on HBO since his first stand-up special for the network in 1989
The American bears a broad grin , flashing an "  OK " sign to the Russian support team tending to him after his descent from space . It 's not exactly the image of two countries at extreme odds over the Ukraine crisis . But in the world of U.S.-Russian relations , space is impervious , as demonstrated by the joint effort to bring American astronaut Mike Hopkins and his cosmonaut counterparts , Soyuz Cmdr. Oleg Kotov , a native of Crimea , and fellow flight engineer Sergey Ryazanskiy , home to Earth . The Soyuz TMA-10 spacecraft landed in Kazakhstan early Tuesday after the trio spent more than five months aboard the International Space Station , leaving the multinational astronaut delegation of Japan 's Koichi Wakata , America 's Rick Mastracchio and Russia 's Mikhail Tyurin to finish the orbital laboratory 's Expedition 39 . Those three are expected to return home in mid-May , after being joined by another international team : Steve Swanson  U.S.  , Alexander Skvortsov  Russia  and Oleg Artemyev  Latvia  are in Star City , Russia , training for their March 25 launch from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan , NASA says . Kotov is a space veteran returning from his third mission and 526th day in space . Hopkins and Ryazanskiy are rookies . This mission marked their first 166 days in space , NASA says . Hopkins conducted a pair of U.S. spacewalks for a total 12 hours and 58 minutes . Ryazanskiy conducted three Russian spacewalks during his mission working outside the station for 20 hours and five minutes . On Earth , the United States may be trading bitter accusations with Russia over Ukraine , but in space , it 's a different story . Putin vs. Obama : Facing off over facts in Ukraine The space collaboration between the two nations has survived other diplomatic kerfuffles -- most recently , the war in Syria and asylum for NSA leaker Edward Snowden -- and there 's no need to worry , NASA says . "  We do not expect the current Russia-Ukraine situation to have any impact on our civil space cooperation with Russia , including our partnership on the International Space Station program , " said Allard Beutel , a NASA spokesman , pointing out that it 's in both countries ' best interests not to disrupt "  operations that have maintained continuous human presence on orbit for over a decade . " Beutel added , "  NASA and its Russian counterpart , Roscosmos , have maintained a professional , beneficial and collegial working relationship through the various ups and downs of the broader U.S.-Russia relationship and we expect that to continue . " ` Reluctant co-dependency ' The two nations ca n't afford temporary tussles to upend a costly relationship -- one that James Oberg , a former space engineer , describes as "  reluctant co-dependency . " In 2011 , NASA retired its space shuttle fleet , its only means of getting to and from the station . Now , Russian Soyuz capsules ferry U.S. astronauts and cosmonauts , together with supplies that can fit in the smaller craft . In turn , the United States brings to the table technology far more advanced than Russia 's capabilities , Oberg told Politico . At the same time , many of the Russian systems are more reliable because they are simpler and have been operating longer , Leroy Chiao , former NASA astronaut and International Space Station commander , told CNN . The space station itself has an intricate blend of both countries ' contributions -- from U.S. solar arrays and power systems to Russian core life-support systems , to a navigation system that comes from both countries , he said . Americans and Russians train on each other 's systems , but one country ca n't run the station alone , he said . The mission control centers in Houston and Korolyov , near Moscow , have to coordinate commands sent to the station , he said . "  We need each other to operate the station , " Chiao said . "  Otherwise we run the risk of losing that asset . " A pretty penny What 's more , the agreement between the two nations is n't exactly cheap . According to a new deal NASA signed with the Russian space agency , the United States will pay Russia $ 71 million to ferry each astronaut to the space station . The emergence of private companies in the space transport business may change the game . NASA has a $ 1.6 billion contract with SpaceX to fly at least 12 cargo resupply missions to the space station , and a $ 1.9 billion contract with Orbital Sciences for eight such missions . SpaceX is gearing up for its third commercial resupply mission this month ; Orbital Sciences completed its first in February . As for transporting astronauts , NASA said in November that it 's seeking to partner with U.S. companies for human trips to the station as well , by 2017 . That could end U.S. reliance on Russia for space voyages . But for now , experts say , the U.S.-Russia relationship on space remains a marriage of convenience .	American Mike Hopkins returns to Earth with Russian , Crimean cosmonauts Even if U.S. , Russia are at odds , space collaboration endures , NASA says U.S. astronauts have no way to get to and from the International Space Station In return , U.S. brings money , more advanced technology to table
CNN  -- Teams of investigators were out at daybreak Wednesday examining damage to NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility after an unmanned rocket exploded shortly after launch on the Virginia coast , NASA spokeswoman Rachel Kraft told CNN via email . NASA is warning people in the area not to touch debris if they find any . The Antares rocket , built by NASA contractor Orbital Sciences Corp. , and its Cygnus cargo spacecraft "  suffered a catastrophic failure " shortly after liftoff Tuesday evening , the company said . The crash caused a huge fire and scattered debris over a large area . Orbital Sciences told CNN it would issue a statement on the status of the investigation later Wednesday . The cargo module was carrying 5,000 pounds of supplies and experiments meant for the International Space Station . Officials say no one was injured or killed in the explosion , but NASA says debris may be scattered around the launch area and some may have fallen into the ocean . Rocket explodes in fireball . What happened ? The public is being warned to forget about grabbing up rocket debris as souvenirs . "  It had a lot of hazardous materials on board that people should not be looking for or wanting to collect souvenirs over , " said Frank Culbertson , a former NASA astronaut and now a manager at Orbital Sciences Corp. "  If you find anything that washes ashore in the local area or came down on your farm or in your yard ... definitely do not touch it and keep people away from it . " "  There may be a possibility of debris washing up onto some of the beaches into some of the areas surrounding the island , " Bill Wrobel , director of NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility , said a news conference Tuesday . If people do find any debris , they 're being urged to call NASA at 757-824-1295 . NASA says teams started assessing damage to Wallops at daylight Wednesday . "  Damage was contained to kind of the south end of Wallops Island , " Wrobel said . "  That 's predominately where many of the pieces came down . " Opinion : Rockets blow up ; we move on ` You see a big fireball ' The rocket lifted off at 6:22 p.m. ET , but about six seconds after launch , there was an explosion and the rocket fell to the ground , engulfed in a huge fireball . It seemed to be going perfectly when Ed Encina saw the launch brighten up the sky from his vantage point about 3 miles away . "  And then , all of a sudden , you see a big fireball , " said Encina , a Baltimore Sun reporter . He recalled a loud boom that caused "  your feet  to  shake a little bit , " as well as flames enveloping a roughly 100-yard area around the launchpad in a marshy area with brush . CNN iReporter Dymetria Sellers , who watched from a drawbridge because the NASA visitors station was full , recalled a "  breathtakingly beautiful " sight when the rocket ascended , followed by mass confusion as flames lit up the early nighttime sky moments later . "  About 30 seconds later , we could hear and feel two booms reach us , and it was apparent the rocket had exploded , " she said . Did you witness the rocket explosion ? Please share your images Mark Kelly , a former NASA astronaut , said such a colossal fire was to be expected after the launch failure . "  It takes a lot of propellant to take a spacecraft of that size moving 25 times the speed of sound , " Kelly told CNN , explaining how fast the rocket should have gone on its way to the space station . "  So when it fails , it 's usually pretty catastrophic . " Orbital Sciences will lead the investigation into the explosion . NASA and the Federal Aviation Administration will assist . "  What we know so far is pretty much what everybody saw on the video , " Culbertson said . "  The ascent stopped , there was some , let 's say disassembly , of the first stage , and then it fell to Earth . ... We do n't really have any early indications of exactly what might have failed , and we need some time to look at that . " They 'll examine debris and review video of the launch and telemetry from the spacecraft . "  We have reams and reams of data that comes down from the rocket during launch , " Culbertson said . Payload included student experiments The cargo included crew supplies , hardware for the space station , spacewalk equipment and several experiments designed by students . No classified payloads were on board the spacecraft , said Kraft , the NASA spokeswoman . One experiment from Duchesne Academy of the Sacred Heart in Houston would have tested how pea shoots grow in space . The school said on its website that students , parents and teachers were shocked and disappointed by the explosion , but that it was n't a total loss . "  The amount of learning that occurred as a result of being part of this program through the Center for the Advancement of Science in Space  CASIS  is incredible and the students and their teachers ... should always be proud of this accomplishment , " the school said . Also lost in the blast was a study called Drain Brain , which was designed to help learn more about blood flow in space , and an experiment called Meteor , which may have helped find previously undetected meteor showers . The cargo also included more than 1,300 pounds of food for the space station . NASA four to six months ' worth of food is stashed on board , so there is no worry the crew will go hungry . Also , a Russian Progress resupply vehicle arrived at the space station Wednesday . And SpaceX is scheduled to take up supplies in December . "  The station is in great shape ; the crew is in good shape , " said Mike Suffredini , the space station 's program manager . Opinion : Do n't overreact to rocket explosion CNN 's Greg Botelho , Chandler Friedman , Kevin Conlon , Jareen Imam and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Public urged to stay away from rocket debris NASA teams checking damage to Wallops Flight Facility The International Space Station has plenty of supplies , NASA says
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama hosted the first-ever White House Conference on Bullying Prevention Thursday . "  If there is one goal of this conference , it is to dispel the myth that bullying is just a harmless rite of passage or an inevitable part of growing up , " Obama said in a speech at the conference . He added that there were times in his childhood where he himself was bullied . "  I have to say , with big ears and the name that I had , I was not immune . I did n't emerge unscathed , " he said . An anti-bullying PSA released online in January declares that more than six-million schoolchildren experienced bullying in the past six months . As parents of two teenage girls , the issue resonates with the president and first lady . "  I spend a lot of time talking to them about putting themselves in other people 's shoes and seeing through other people 's eyes , " Obama said at a town hall , hosted by BET and MTV , in October 2010 . "  And if somebody is different from you , that 's not something you criticize , that 's something that you appreciate . " His comments came just weeks after a string of highly publicized suicide cases where boys as young as 13 killed themselves as a result of alleged bullying and harassment at school and over the Internet . The suicides last fall had one thing in common , homosexuality , which catalyzed thousands of people to tape video messages -- including President Obama , celebrities , politicians -- for the "  It Gets Better Project " to inspire and encourage LGBT youth who are struggling . "  I do n't know what it 's like to be picked on for being gay , but I do know what it 's like to grow up feeling that sometimes you do n't belong , " Obama said in his video message released in October 2010 that became the second most viewed clip on the White House YouTube channel that year . The conference , put on in coordination with the Department of Education and the Department of Health and Human Services , includes discussions about the effects of bullying on young people , preventing bullying and harassment in schools and the community , and cyberbullying . President Obama and the first lady met with students and parents from the Conference on Bullying Prevention in the Oval Office on Thursday , prior to delivering remarks in the East Room . At midday , there will be a Facebook video chat about internet safety . Kalpen Modi , associate director for the White House Office of Public Engagement , will moderate the discussion with Facebook Chief Security Officer Joe Sullivan , MTV Vice President of Public Affairs Jason Rzepka and author Rosalind Wiseman , who writes about teens , parenting and bullying . There will also be an iVillage video chat with Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . Sebelius , Education Secretary Arne Duncan , and Domestic Policy Council Director Melody Barnes will conclude the conference with closing remarks . The Department of Education hosted the first-ever National Bullying Summit in August 2010 , and a websit , StopBullying.gov has been created . In the administration 's 2012 fiscal budget , Obama has designated $ 132 million to combat violence and the bullying of children , providing grants to state and local governments under the Education department 's "  Successful , Safe , and Healthy Students " program . Anti-bullying legislation , called the Safe Schools Improvement Act , was introduced this week by Democratic Sen. Bob Casey from Pennsylvania and Republican Sen. Mark Kirk from Illinois . The bipartisan legislation would require schools and districts receiving designated federal funds to adopt codes of conduct specifically prohibiting bullying and harassment . The act would ensure that schools and districts implement effective prevention programs , and would require states to report data on bullying and harassment to the Department of Education .	NEW : Obama recalls being bullied There will be a Facebook video chat about internet safety Anti-bullying conference is being hosted by the White House The government website is : StopBullying.gov
InStyle.com  -- The co-star of "  27 Dresses " discusses his personal style . "  I just feel dirty , " says James Marsden . Not to be alarmed : There 's nothing indecent going on here . James Marsden talks about his favorite kind of clothes and how his style has changed over the years . The 34-year-old is explaining what it feels like to be sporting facial hair for a film he 's working on with Cameron Diaz . Yet even the newly grown whiskers ca n't hide the finely chiseled features of an actor who seems to have cornered the Hollywood market on hottie-who-loses-the-girl roles  "  Enchanted , " "  Superman Returns " and , of course , "  The Notebook . " But the Oklahoma-bred star does n't mind his wholesome image . "  That 's really me , " he says . "  I 'm a little dorky -- awkward . " However , his onscreen luck could be changing with his latest film , "  27 Dresses , " a romantic comedy co-starring Katherine Heigl . Scruffy or not , we 'll be watching . You 've played a prince in "  Enchanted " and the superhero Cyclops in the "  X-Men " movies . Is that a big deal to your kids and their friends ? My daughter , Mary , is only 2 , and my son , Jack , is 7 . He has a Cyclops action figure , but he 's really into Spider-Man and Pixar movies -- Buzz Lightyear is his guy . No "  Superman , " no "  X-Men . " I think he just assumes that everyone at his school has a dad who 's a big superhero . You also played Corny Collins , the TV dance-show host in "  Hairspray . " What were you like in high school ? That 's when I came out of my shell and became more social -- people thought I was funny . I got into a whole preppy thing -- Duck Head shorts and Dockers . How would you describe your style now ? Functional comfort . For a guy , it should n't ever look like you thought about it too much , like the clothes are wearing you . Whose clothes do you like ? Paul Smith off the rack -- it 's a slim cut , and I do n't need to have it tailored . I always feel like an 8-year-old when I dress up in a suit , like , when can I take this thing off ? But I wore a black Dolce & Gabbana suit to the première of "  Hairspray " that was like , OK , now I know what a great suit is . Classic , clean lines -- sharp , sharp , sharp . Do you change your style from coast to coast ? In L.A. it 's too easy to throw on a pair of American Apparel sweats , a T-shirt and running shoes and just wear those for days . In New York , I actually like looking nice . Maybe I 'm just getting older , but young guys need to pull their pants up . Do you ever shop for your wife ? I love shopping for dresses , and I actually do a pretty good job . When I was in New York , I went into J. Crew in Soho and got her a cool fifties type dress with tiny polka dots . Style-wise I 'm good , but figuring out sizing is a different story . What do you find sexy on a woman ? I like spaghetti straps for my wife -- she has great shoulders and a great neck . I love when she puts her hair up , because I can see the back of her neck , so delicate and vulnerable . It 's the vampire in me . Or my obsession with cheerleaders -- their hair up in a ponytail . When I was young , I could never have that . Never got the cheerleader ? Eventually -- my wife was a cheerleader . What does your wife find sexy on you ? A button-front shirt with -LSB- baby -RSB- spit-up on the shoulder . That means a guy is taking care of the kids and is a good father -- that 's sexy to a woman . The adult version of rose petals and champagne is if I let my wife sleep in and I get up to change the baby 's diaper , feed the kids , and do the dishes . Who inspires you ? Paul Newman . My middle name is Paul , and my grandfather once said I was going to look like Paul Newman . That stuck with me . Beyond being a good-looking guy , Newman is a great actor with a long career , and he 's got a life . He 's married with kids and lives in Connecticut , sells popcorn and marinara sauce , and gives the money to charity . Anyone else ? George Clooney dresses like Gary Cooper might have . Cary Grant . "  A Streetcar Named Desire " - era Marlon Brando . They all made it look effortless . Their clothes framed their personalities really well -- comfortable , classic , but sharp . These guys could pull off a great suit , or jeans and a T-shirt . Do n't you agree that guys have it easy -- they are considered "  distinguished " as they grow older ? I do n't think it 's guy-specific . As women get older , they become more comfortable with themselves . Susan Sarandon is the poster woman for that . A lot of guys fantasize about being with women who are in their forties or fifties . So your advice is ... ? Act your age . Dress your age . Look your age . That does n't mean you ca n't have fun . And is n't it time you got the girl in one of your movies ? There are a couple of things I need to do -LSB- onscreen -RSB- : One , get the girl ; two , pack a gun . Do n't you love my career philosophy ? E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2008 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	In high school Marsden showed off his preppy side While it 's easy for him to throw on sweats , Marsden likes to dress up Actor says he is inspired by Paul Newman Marsden : I can shop style for women , but size is a different issue
CNN  -- Kate O'Mara , the British actress best known for playing Joan Collins ' sister Caress on the 1980s show "  Dynasty , " has died . She was 74 . O'Mara died at a nursing home in Sussex , UK , according to her agent , Phil Belfield . "  Kate O'Mara passed away peacefully today at a nursing home in Sussex after a short Illness , " Belfield wrote in a statement . "  She was a delight to know and an extraordinary woman and actress with a passion for Shakespeare and stage acting . "  A shining star has gone out and she will be sadly missed by all who have known and worked with her . " O'Mara was a mainstay of British television -- "  as ubiquitous on British television screens as the test card , " wrote the UK news site The Guardian -- who acted in such UK series as "  The Brothers , " "  Howards Way " and "  Crossroads . " On the long-running "  Doctor Who , " she played the Rani , a renegade Time Lord who was an enemy of the time-traveling title character . Colin Baker , one of the Doctors she acted with , tweeted his sadness . "  Oh my goodness . Kate O'Mara is no longer with us . Sad sad news . A delightful , committed and talented lady and actress . We are the poorer . " To American audiences , however , she 's probably best known as Cassandra "  Caress " Morell , the glamorous , conniving sister of Joan Collins ' equally conniving  and glamorous  Alexis Colby in "  Dynasty , " the ABC prime-time soap about feuding oil clans . Caress appeared midway through the show 's 1981-1989 run to battle with Alexis , threatening to tell all in a book called "  Sister Dearest . " But Alexis , as she so often did , emerged victorious , purchasing the book 's publisher and making sure the work never saw the light of day . Collins remembered O'Mara on Twitter . "  Tragic news about Kate O Mara , we had great fun on Dynasty when she played my sister Caress who Alexis insisted on calling CASSIE ! RIP , " she tweeted . O'Mara was a talented actress -- she kept her talent sharp with frequent stage appearances , including performances with the Royal Shakespeare Company -- but she was more recognized for her stunning looks . She was quick to acknowledge the role her beauty played in her career . "  Because my career has been based so much on my looks , when I finally pass my ` sell-by ' date I think I 'll probably pack it in , " she once said in an interview , according to The Guardian . However , she kept acting almost until her death . Just last fall , she could be seen in London 's West End theater district performing in "  An Evening with Kate O'Mara . " O'Mara , who came from a long line of performers , is survived by her sister , actress Belinda Carroll . People we 've lost in 2014	Kate O'Mara played Caress , Alexis ' sister , on "  Dynasty " O'Mara was frequent performer on UK television , often in soaps Actress was also on "  Doctor Who " as Doctor enemy the Rani "  We had great fun on Dynasty , " tweeted her co-star Joan Collins
CNN  -- Of all the parts that make up my somewhat quirky life , there are few things that raise a stranger 's eyebrows faster than discovering I love country music . Not a "  I like that one song by Lady Antebellum " kind of love for country music either . Mine is a "  Barack I would love to join you and Michelle for dinner next Saturday , but you see I have tickets to see Eric Church so ... " kind of love . When did this love affair begin ? January 24 , 1988 . The night I met Randy Travis . Back then , it was n't uncommon for families to gather around the television , and mine had done so that night to watch the American Music Awards . Michael Jackson was receiving a special honor , and Whitney Houston was scheduled to perform . At the time , those two were the most popular singers on the planet but for me , the night belonged to Travis . I had never heard of him or his mid-tempo ballad "  Forever and Ever , Amen " before the show . Everyone knew who Kenny Rogers was , but usually the only country music you heard in my house was the theme song to the "  The Dukes of Hazzard . " But something about the purity of Travis ' voice captured me . And even at the relatively immature age of 16 , I found his portrayal of never-ending love so beautifully constructed by the lyrics of "  Forever " that to this day , it eclipses almost every other love song I have heard . In fact , when I put together a brief video asking my better half to marry me , "  Forever " was the only song I put on the soundtrack . That 's why I was so sad to hear Travis was in critical condition in a Texas hospital . He was an unlikely voice of my youth . About as unlikely as you could be . Instead of listening to the latest from L.L. Cool J or Public Enemy , I would go to the record store and play his song "  Diggin ' Up Bones " over and over again . My friends would snicker and mock the twang in his voice . What they could n't understand was that the various inflections in Travis ' voice were the commas in the stories that he spun . Stories so universal that a white adult man from a small town in North Carolina could touch a skinny black kid in Detroit without ever meeting . When I 'm in the car singing "  Forever and Ever , Amen , " I imagine someone 1,000 miles away is cranking that song up in the car and for three minutes and 31 seconds , we 're connected . "  They say that time can play tricks on a memory , make people forget things they once knew . Well , it 's easy to see It 's happening to me I 've already forgotten every woman but you ... " Complete strangers can stand silent next to each other in an elevator and not even look each other in the eye . But at a concert , those same strangers could find themselves dancing and singing together like best friends . That 's the power of music . And when you 've experienced this magical bond with strangers , there is even a greater connection to the artists that provided the vehicle for that bond . That 's why it 's hard for to see Travis this way . We 've all watched once-beloved music icons such as Jackson and Houston fall from grace in similar fashion -- ensnared by drug abuse , publicly humiliated , fighting for and sometimes losing their lives . As Travis lies critically ill in a hospital bed , those of us who count ourselves his fans , pray his story does n't end in the same way . But we 've watched the declining grip he 's had on his life for a handful of years now . The bitter divorce . The uncontrollable drinking , the arrests . And now this . It 's just sad . Because of Travis , I learned Waylon Jennings was the man who sang "  The Dukes of Hazzard " theme song . Because of Travis , I have developed lifelong friendships with some amazing people who work in and perform country music . Before Travis , I used to think "  soul music " had one certain sound . Because of Travis , I learned that was n't true . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	Strangers are baffled when they learn LZ Granderson loves country music LZ heard Randy Travis when he was 16 and was blown away by his voice , lyrics When he asked his partner to get married , LZ says Travis ' "  Forever " was the soundtrack LZ : Travis has had terrible struggles and his hospitalization is more sadness
CHENGDU , China  CNN  -- Rainy weather and poor logistics thwarted efforts by relief troops who walked for hours over rock , debris and mud on Tuesday in hopes of reaching the worst-hit area of an earthquake that killed nearly 10,000 in central China , state-run media reported . Setting out from Maerkang in Sichuan Province at 8 p.m. Monday , the 100 or so troops had to travel 200 kilometers  124 miles  to go before reaching Wenchuan , the epicenter of the quake , also in the province , Xinhua reported . After seven hours , they still had 70 kilometers  43 miles  to go . "  I have seen many collapsed civilian houses , and the rocks dropped from mountains on the roadside are everywhere , " the head of the unit , Li Zaiyuan , told Xinhua . Added CNN Correspondent John Vause : "  The roads here are terrible in the best of times ... right now they 're down right atrocious . They 've resorted to going in one man at a time on foot . " Nearly all the confirmed deaths were in Sichuan Province , but rescuers were hindered because roads linking it to the provincial capital , Chengdu , were damaged , Xinhua reported . Local radio quoted disaster relief officials as saying a third of the buildings in Wenchuan collapsed from the quake and another third were seriously damaged . The earthquake was powerful enough to be felt throughout most of China . Many children were buried under the rubble of their schools . The Chinese government said the death toll was sure to rise . An expert told CNN the 7.9-magnitude quake at about 2:28 p.m. Monday  6:28 a.m. GMT  was the largest the region has seen "  for over a generation . " Residents as far as Chongqing -- about 200 miles from the epicenter in Sichuan Province -- spent the night outdoors , too afraid of aftershocks to sleep indoors . Local radio in Sichuan quoted disaster relief officials as saying a third of the buildings in Wenchuan collapsed from the quake and another third were seriously damaged . Watch as the death toll rises " The state-run Zhongxin news agency reported that a survivor who escaped Beichuan county in Sichuan Province described the province as having been "  razed to the ground . " The Red Cross Society of China , coordinating some of the international aid efforts , encouraged financial donations because of the difficulty of getting supplies to those most in need . At least six schools collapsed to some extent in the quake or aftershocks that followed , Xinhua reported . See a report on rescue operations at the school " At one school , almost 900 students -- all eighth-graders and ninth-graders , according to a local villager -- were believed to be buried . See workers in Chengdu hiding under their desks during the quake " At least 50 bodies were pulled from the rubble by Monday night at Juyuan Middle School in Juyuan Township of Dujiangyan City , Sichuan Province , Xinhua reported . "  Some buried teenagers were struggling to free themselves from the ruins while others were calling for help . Eight excavators were working at the site . Devastated parents watched as five cranes worked at the site and an ambulance waited , " Xinhua reported . "  A tearful mother said her son , ninth-grader Zhang Chengwei , was buried in the ruins . " Meanwhile , 2,300 people were buried in two collapsed chemical plants in Sichuan 's Shifang city , and 80 tons of ammonia leaked out , Xinhua reported . Six hundred people died there . The plants were among a series of buildings that collapsed , including private homes , schools and factories . The local government has evacuated 6,000 civilians from the area and was dispatching firefighters to help at the scene , Xinhua reported . Much of the nation 's transportation system shut down . Xinhua reported there were "  multiple landslides and collapses along railway lines " near Chengdu . Quake victims have been sleeping outside in Chengdu " Sichuan Province sits in the Sichuan basin and is surrounded by the Himalayas to the west . The Yangtze River flows through the province and the Three Gorges Dam in the nearby Hubei Province controls flooding to the Sichuan -- though there were no reports of damage to the world 's largest dam . Monday 's quake was caused by the Tibetan plateau colliding with the Sichuan basin , Zhigang Peng , an earthquake expert at Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta , Georgia , told CNN . "  Earthquakes in this part of China are infrequent but not uncommon , " he said . The last major earthquake in the region occurred in the northwestern margin of the Sichuan basin when a 7.5-magnitude quake killed more than 9,300 people on August 25 , 1933 . President Hu Jintao ordered an all-out effort to help those affected , and Premier Wen Jiabao traveled to the region to direct the rescue work , Xinhua reported . "  My fellow Chinese , facing such a severe disaster , we need calm , confidence , courage and efficient organization , " Wen was quoted as saying . "  I believe we can certainly overcome the disaster with the public and the military working together under the leadership of the CPC Central Committee and the government . " Peter Sammonds , professor of geophysics at University College London , called the earthquake "  tremendous . " "  Particularly in the more remote , the more mountainous part where this has taken place , a lot of the buildings are built on sediments that are quite unstable . They 're probably liquifying , causing the buildings to collapse . You might expect landslides to occur , which could actually stop the relief efforts going through on the roads , so this could be very grim in the remoter , more mountainous parts of this province . " While many of the most immediate efforts were focused on Sichuan Province , Xinhua also reported dead and injured in Gansu , Chongqing and Yunnan provinces . A provincial government spokesman said they feared more dead and injured in collapsed houses in Dujiangyan City in Wenchuan County . A driver for the seismological bureau said he saw "  rows of houses collapsed " in Dujiangyan , Xinhua reported . Bonnie Thie , the country director of the Peace Corps , told CNN she was on a university campus in Chengdu about 60 miles from the epicenter , in the eastern part of China 's Sichuan province , when the first quake hit . "  You could see the ground shaking , " Thie told CNN . The shaking "  went on for what seemed like a very long time , " she said . Bruce Presgrave , a geophysicist with the U.S. Geological Survey , said this quake could cause major damage because of its strength and proximity to major population centers . Also , it was relatively shallow , and those kinds of quakes tend to do more damage near the epicenter than deeper ones , Presgrave said . An earthquake with 7.5 magnitude in the northern Chinese city of Tangshan killed 255,000 people in 1976 -- the greatest death toll from an earthquake in the last four centuries and the second greatest in recorded history , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Tangshan is roughly 995 miles  1,600 km  from Chengdu , the nearest major city to the epicenter of Monday 's quake . Read an explanation about earthquakes " After the quake struck Monday , the ground shook as far away as Beijing , which is 950 miles  1,528 km  from the epicenter . Residents of the Chinese capital , which hosts this year 's Olympic Games in August , felt a quiet , rolling sensation for about a minute . See CNN 's interview with an American in Chengdu " Thousands of people were evacuated from Beijing buildings immediately after the earthquake . At least seven more earthquakes -- measuring between 4.0 and 6.0 magnitudes -- happened nearby over the four hours after the initial quake at at 2:28 p.m. local time , the USGS reported . A spokesman for the Beijing Olympic Committee said no Olympic venues were affected . The huge Three Gorges Dam -- roughly 400 miles east of the epicenter -- was not damaged , a spokesman said . The earthquake was also felt in Hong Kong , Shanghai , Taiwan , and as far away as Hanoi , Vietnam , and Bangkok , Thailand , according to the Hong Kong-based Mandarin-language channel Phoenix TV . Impact your world CNN 's John Vause and Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	NEW : China says at least 10,000 dead but it expects figure to rise NEW : Rain hampering rescue , aid efforts in worst-hit area Nearly 900 children buried when a school building collapses , 50 bodies found 7.9 magnitude quake is felt throughout much of China
CNN  -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , who faces charges of crimes against humanity , visited Zimbabwe on Sunday for a regional trade meeting . Sudan president Omar al-Bashir is the first head of state ever indicted by the ICC . Al-Bashir landed Saturday in the capital , Harare , for the two-day African leaders ' summit of the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa  COMESA  . The International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for al-Bashir on March 4 , accusing him of complicity in war crimes and crimes against humanity in his government 's campaign against rebels in Darfur in western Sudan . It was the first arrest warrant for a sitting head of state by the world 's only permanent war crimes tribunal , based at The Hague in the Netherlands . Sudan expelled 13 international aid agencies from the Darfur region after the warrant was issued . Al-Bashir has denied the charges , calling them an attempt by Western powers to recolonize Sudan . The conflict in Darfur began in 2003 after rebels in the western region of Sudan began attacking government positions . The government responded with a fierce military campaign that has left about 300,000 dead and more than 2.5 million displaced , the United Nations estimates . The International Criminal Court has no arrest powers and depends on its 106-member states to take suspects into custody . Al-Bashir has visited other counties , including Qatar and Ethiopia , since the warrant was issued . In Zimbabwe , the summit will be at the Victoria Falls , a popular tourism spot on the Zambezi River . Sudan is a member of the trade group , which consists of 19 African nations .	Sudan president Omar al-Bashir visits Zimbabwe despite arrest warrant ICC accused al-Bashir of alleged war crime against rebels in Darfur Al-Bashir has denied charges against him
CNN  -- The Japanese J-League will resume its fixture list on April 23 , after all football was suspended following the earthquake and tsunami that hit the north-east of the country on March 11 . Just one round of matches had been played prior to the disaster , with the missing five rounds now due to take place in July -- a month where no fixtures were originally scheduled because of Japan 's national team commitments . However , it is still not certain whether the clubs that have been affected most be the disaster -- Kashima Antlers , Vegalta Sendai and Mito Hollyhock -- are able to resume their fixtures , or whether those games will be moved to a neutral venue because of damage to their stadiums . Meanwhile , the electricity shortages caused by the after-effects of the earthquake have resulted in the J-League confirming that all matches in April will take place during the day -- a measure that might be extended throughout the rest of the season . That measure has also been taken up by the Japanese baseball Pacific League , who have decided not to stage night games next month in the worse-affected regions of Kanto and Tohoku . In other sport affected by the disaster , Russia have made a bid to stage this year 's world figure skating championships . On Sunday , the Japan Skating Federation withdrew their offer to restage the event in October after the original March 21-27 competition in Tokyo was cancelled . Russia , who will stage the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , have proposed to host the event in Moscow from April 25 to May 1 . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin told reporters : "  We can help out our Japanese colleagues and the international federation by offering them the chance to host the world championships here . "	The Japanese J-League will resume its football fixture list on April 23 All football has been suspended since the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan Electricity shortages mean that fixtures will be played during the afternoon Russia bid to stage the world figure skating championships after Japan pulled out
Entertainment Weekly  -- Jon Gosselin dug himself into a deep hole Tuesday morning on "  Good Morning America " with a clip of him saying of his wife Kate , "  I despise her . " Jon Gosselin speaks out about his bitter break-up with his wife in a new television interview . But during the full-length version of that interview , shown as part of ABC 's "  Primetime : Family Secrets , " Gosselin probably only made things worse for himself . Talking about his girlfriend Hailey Glassman , he said , "  I love her more than I did Kate . " Jon told interviewer Chris Cuomo , "  I was abused . I went through therapy . " His message to Kate via the cameras ? "  Help me out . Go to therapy . Give me closure . " "  We were a better team before -LSB- ` Jon & Kate Plus Eight ' -RSB- , " he told Cuomo on Tuesday night . Watch a panel discuss the interview " And indeed , it did sound pretty crass that the only therapy Kate would agree to was the celebrity kind : with Dr. Phil , said Jon . "  I said , ` Huh ? ' ... It was all about protecting the brand -LSB- of ` Jon & Kate Plus Eight ' -RSB- . " Jon declined to meet with Dr. Phil , who gave ABC a terse , "  No comment . " Jon 's comments allowed Kate the opportunity to issue a classy-sounding response , saying , "  For the sake of my children I maintain that I 'm not going to go into details of aspects I believe should remain private . " Here 's the thing : as those of us who used to watch "  Jon & Kate Plus Eight " with pleasure during their rosy days know , Jon was always uncomfortable and less articulate in front of the cameras . That 's why Kate 's the one pursuing a TV career , such as her upcoming guest-host stint on "  The View . " To his credit , Cuomo quietly but persistently tried to point out to Jon , again and again , where he may be going off the rails . But what can you do with a guy who tells you one moment he 's been drinking a lot , and in the next breath says , "  My father was an alcoholic , " that his grandfather was an alcoholic , and he knows he does n't want to inherit the disease ? Jon seems to tend toward making bad decisions , such as seriously considering a "  Divorced Dads Club " show with Michael Lohan and Kevin Federline . "  I do n't know , " he said when Cuomo asked if he was going to do that project . "  That 's why I have a legal team . I might not be able to do it . " For his own sake and his kids , let 's hope someone prevents that . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	I love girlfriend more than I did wife , Jon Gosselin says in a television interview The only therapy Kate Gosselin would agree to was with Dr. Phil , he says Jon and Kate Gosselin have been going through a bitter break-up The pair star in the reality TV show "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 "
CNN  -- Johns Hopkins Hospital is back on top . After spending 21 years as the country 's best hospital , according to U.S. News & World Report , Johns Hopkins Hospital relinquished its crown to Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston in 2012 . This year , the roles have reversed yet again . The annual U.S. News & World report evaluates more than 5,000 medical centers across the United States . The rankings consider 16 medical specialties from cancer to surgery to rehabilitation . If a hospital is considered one of the best in at least six specialties , it earns a spot on the coveted Honor Roll list . This year , 18 hospitals across the country made the Honor Roll . The top 10 are : 1 . Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore 2 . Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston 3 . Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota 4 . Cleveland Clinic in Ohio 5 . UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles 6 . Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago 7 .  tie  New York-Presbyterian University Hospital of Columbia and Cornell , New York 7 .  tie  UCSF Medical Center in San Francisco 9 . Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston 10 . UPMC-University of Pittsburgh Medical Center in Pennsylvania Northwestern Memorial Hospital made the biggest jump on the list , rising six spaces from No. 12 , while Barnes-Jewish Hospital/Washington University in St. Louis had the largest loss , dropping nine spots . Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles and Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia made the Honor Roll list for the first time . The University of Michigan Hospitals and Health Centers in Ann Arbor fell off the list , although they still ranked for some specialties . Do n't dismiss a hospital just because it does n't appear on the Honor Roll . For example , the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston did n't make the honor roll , but is ranked No. 1 for cancer treatment . Similarly , the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York is ranked best for orthopedics . The Cleveland Clinic made the top of the list for cardiology and heart surgery , while Johns Hopkins Hospital led the rankings for neurology and neurosurgery . New York , Boston , Los Angeles , Philadelphia and Cleveland all have more than one Honor Roll hospital on the list . U.S. News & World Report also released its children 's hospital rankings ; Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia came in at No. 1 . Choosing a hospital that best fits your needs depends on factors like proximity and the severity of your condition . To find a hospital closer to home , you can check out the regional hospitals list .	Johns Hopkins Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital are ranked No. 1 and No. 2 Report evaluates more than 5,000 medical centers across the country MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston ranked No. 1 for cancer treatment
CNN  -- Serena Williams made a winning return from a left ankle injury by defeating Zhang Shuai in the second round of the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami . Williams , seeded 10th , had not been in WTA action since losing to Ekaterina Makarova in the last 16 of the Australian Open . However , she was always in control against her Chinese opponent , easing through 6-2 6-3 in just 80 minutes . The 30-year-old Williams , who has won the tournament five times , now faces 21st seed Roberta Vinci of Italy , who defeated Tsvetana Pironkova 7-5 6-1 . Will of the Williams : Venus vows to rise again Another former world number one , Kim Clijsters , is also through to the third round after getting over some of the rustiness that plagued her first round performance . The Belgian struggled to defeat Slovak Jarmila Gajdosova on Wednesday , but was far more impressive in dismissing 14th seed Julia Goerges 6-2 7-5 on Thursday . However , there was disappointment for yet another former world number one , Jelena Jankovic , after the 13th-seeded Serb was crushed 6-0 6-3 by Mona Barthel of Germany . Meanwhile , Russian second seed Maria Sharapova was given a scare , dropping the opening set before rallying to defeat Israel 's Shahar Peer 4-6 6-3 6-3 . Fourth seed Caroline Wozniacki , another woman to have occupied top spot in the world rankings , breezed through her opening match , beating Czech world No. 59 Barbora Zahlavova Strycova 6-4 6-0 . The 2011 French Open champion Li Na also progressed , the Chinese eighth seed recorded a 7-5 6-2 win over Hungarian qualifier Melinda Czink . Also through to the last 32 are US Open champion Samantha Stosur , 12th seed Sabine Lisicki , 17th seed Shuai Peng and 23rd seed Yanina Wickmayer , who all progressed in straight sets . But 25th seed Anabel Medina Garrigues of Spain crashed out 1-6 6-4 6-0 to South African Chanelle Scheepers , while two-time grand slam champion Svetlana Kuznetsova , seeded 26th , lost 1-6 7-6 7-6 to Czech Iveta Benesova .	Serena Williams returns to action with a victory in the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami Williams defeats China 's Shuai Zhang 6-2 6-3 in her first match since Australian Open Kim Clijsters also continues her comeback with a straight sets win over Julia Goerges
CNN  -- The bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups has taken a new twist as football 's world governing body FIFA lodged a criminal complaint with the Swiss judiciary Tuesday . The complaint relates to the "  international transfers of assets with connections to Switzerland , which merit examination by the criminal prosecution authorities . " The FIFA statement added : "  The subject of the criminal complaint is the possible misconduct of individual persons in connection with the awarding of the hosting rights of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup . " FIFA lodged the complaint with the Attorney General of Switzerland in Berne on the recommendation of German judge Hans-Joachim Eckert -- FIFA 's independent ethics adjudicator . "  I lodged the criminal complaint upon the recommendation of Judge Eckert , " FIFA president Sepp Blatter said . "  I can not , however , comment on any possible criminal offenses . I am not a lawyer . "  I also was not the addressee of the investigatory report , which I have never seen . However , given Judge Eckert 's recommendation , it was my duty -- as the President of FIFA -- to lodge the complaint . " Eckert 's recommendation was based on the evidence compiled by Michael Garcia -- chairman of the investigatory chamber of the FIFA Ethics Committee -- who has been examining the awarding of the hosting rights of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . However Blatter insisted there was no change to Eckert 's statement "  that the investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups is concluded . " Eckert , who is set to meet with Garcia on Thursday to discuss the report , says he came across "  indications that pointed to suspected unlawful activity in connection with Switzerland . " He told FIFA 's website : "  In the circumstances , I saw it as my duty to bring this to the FIFA President 's attention and to recommend to him that the Swiss criminal prosecution authorities be informed . " Eckert has been heavily criticized since publishing his 42-page summary into Garcia 's 18-month investigation last Friday . The German told reporters last week that he had been surprised by the strength of bad feeling surrounding his summary . "  I would like to point out that not once did my statement involve a so-called "  whitewashing " of the award process with regard to the various allegations and assumptions made , contrary to what has been claimed in some quarters , " he said . "  My statement was based on the Garcia report -- I can only work with the material contained in it , and in my view , there was insufficient clear evidence of illegal or irregular conduct that would call into question the integrity of the award process as a whole . "  However , in certain places , the report does indicate that further clarification is needed of certain circumstances . Much of this clarification work can be carried out by the FIFA Ethics Committee itself , while the remainder is the responsibility of the relevant national investigatory authorities . " With Garcia and Eckert set to discuss their differences over the summary on Thursday , Kevin Carpenter , who specializes in sports law for Kevin Hill Dickinson LLP , raised questions over the timing of the announcement . "  It 's interesting that Garcia said his report had been misrepresented , yet Eckert decides to take evidence to the Swiss judiciary now , " he told CNN . "  Why lodge the criminal complaint given they are meeting later this week ? " Carpenter also believes that Garcia , who has appealed to FIFA 's appeal committee over the findings in Eckert 's summary , could take his complaints further . "  Michael Garcia has referred the matter to the appeals committee , but if his complaint is rejected he could then go to the Court of Arbitration for Sport , which is extremely thorough and can look at all the evidence . "  CAS ' decision and reasoning would be made public . Names would have to be redacted but it would be a way for the bulk of his report -- the sections he believes to be most important coming into the public domain . "	FIFA launches criminal complaint Football 's world governing body lodges complaint in Switzerland Swiss Attorney General to examine matter Investigation against "  individual persons "
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Japan -- the world 's second-largest economy -- is in a recession , government officials announced Monday . Japan 's Cabinet Office confirmed that its economy shrank another 0.1 percent in the third quarter , following a 0.9 percent drop in the second quarter . The country 's gross domestic product -- second to the United States -- has fallen by 0.4 percent this year , pushing Japan into its first recession since 2001 . Major indexes around the globe have plummeted over the last two months . The Russian stock market has lost 65.5 percent of its value since the start of the year . Stocks in Japan and the United States have been equally hard hit , falling 42 percent and 33 percent , respectively . In Europe , the pain has been particularly acute . The European Union on Friday officially declared that the 15-nation group had entered into a recession , with its gross domestic product declining 0.2 percent for the second straight quarter . Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso was among the Group of 20 world leaders who met in Washington over the weekend , unveiling a set of sweeping plans aimed at tackling the ever-expanding economic crisis , which has roiled financial markets worldwide . The G-20 members at the historic two-day meeting managed to find some common ground on the causes of the crisis and areas that need to be fixed . The plans include interest rate cuts by central banks around the globe or potential economic stimulus packages , and boosting developing countries struggling under the weight of the crisis . Japan 's recession announcement was not unexpected . Part of the problem is the strong yen , which skyrocketed in recent weeks as turmoil in the world 's financial markets and concerns about a global recession drove investors away from high-yielding currencies such as the euro and the pound . As a result , lower-yielding currencies like the dollar and the yen surged in value , because they are considered by many investors to be a safe haven . Since Japan is such a big exporter of goods , a more robust yen hurts profits for Japanese firms as sales from abroad get translated back into yen . The more that the yen has climbed , the worse Japan 's stock market has performed , which has resulted in a ripple effect on European and U.S. exchanges . After an early sell-off Monday , Japan 's Nikkei 225 stock index rebounded with a gain of about 2 percent late in the morning . CNN 's Junko Ogura and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Cabinet Office confirms the economy fell 0.1 percent in third quarter Japan 's gross domestic product has fallen by 0.4 percent this year Major indexes around the globe have plummeted over the last two months EU declared last week that the 15-nation group had entered into a recession
DINGLE , Ireland  CNN  -- Fewer tourists and relatively warm temperatures may be reason enough to put Ireland on your list of winter travel destinations , especially Dingle Peninsula , once ranked by National Geographic Traveler as "  the most beautiful place on Earth . " Winter offers tourists a chance to explore Ireland 's west coast unhindered by bothersome crowds . The peninsula , on Ireland 's west coast , includes the oceanside town of Dingle , which boasts more than 1,000 full-time residents . Winter visitors will avoid the area 's hundreds of thousands of summertime tourists . Boats crowd Dingle 's popular marina , bringing fresh seafood catches of the day . Some of the marina vessels also will ferry visitors to see Fungie , a locally famous dolphin who has lived in the waters outside town since 1984 . See breathtaking photos of Dingle " Outside Dingle , numerous vacation cottages are available to rent , including homes in the village of Dunquin . In winter , rates are drastically cut , and rental period dates may be more flexible . Most shops and restaurants have shorter hours during winter , and traditional music is found in some of the pubs on the weekends . As with most of Ireland , pubs abound , even in the smallest villages . A beer  preferably Guinness  and some hearty pub grub are a perfect way to cap a day of exploring the wintry sights of the peninsula . Because Ireland sits near the warm waters of the Atlantic Gulf Stream , the Emerald Isle has an average temperature of 46 degrees Fahrenheit  7 Celsius  during December , January and February . But pack smart and bring layers of clothing , including warm sweaters and jackets , because winter weather often means rain on Ireland 's western shore .	Dingle , Ireland , called "  most beautiful place on Earth " by National Geographic Escape summer crowds by traveling to Dingle Peninsula during winter months Cottage rentals are cheaper in winter , and periods are more flexible Winter temperatures in western Ireland average 46 degrees F  7 Celsius
New York  CNN  -- A jury has begun deliberating in the case of a Pakistani scientist accused of trying to kill U.S. officers . The jury began deliberating Monday in the trial of Aafia Siddiqui , who is charged with attempted murder and assault for allegedly shooting at U.S. officers while she was in Afghan custody . She allegedly shot at two FBI special agents , a U.S. Army warrant officer , an Army captain and military interpreters while she was being held unsecured at an Afghan facility on July 18 , 2008 . Authorities said Siddiqui was behind a curtain and fired two shots at the personnel with an officer 's rifle , hitting no one . The warrant officer returned fire with a pistol , hitting Siddiqui at least once Afghan police had arrested her a day earlier outside the Ghazni governor 's compound after finding her with bomb-making instructions , excerpts from the "  Anarchist 's Arsenal , " papers with descriptions of U.S. landmarks , and substances sealed in bottles and glass jars , according to a September 2008 indictment . The indictment said Siddiqui had "  handwritten notes that referred to a ` mass casualty attack ' " listing several locations in the United States , and "  construction of ` dirty bombs . ' " The notes also "  discussed various ways to attack ` enemies , ' including by destroying reconnaissance drones , using underwater bombs , and using gliders , " the indictment said . "  Siddiqui also possessed a computer thumb drive that contained correspondence referring to specific ` cells , ' ` attacks ' by certain ` cells , ' and ` enemies , ' " the indictment said . "  Other documents on the thumb drive discussed recruitment and training . " Siddiqui -- whom the FBI had sought for several years for suspected ties to al Qaeda -- was extradited to the United States in August 2008 . Since 2003 , the whereabouts of Siddiqui -- an American-educated neuroscientist -- had been the source of much speculation . According to Amnesty International , Siddiqui and her three small children were reported apprehended in Karachi , Pakistan , in March 2003 , shortly after the FBI issued an alert requesting information about her location . Several reports indicated that Siddiqui was in U.S. custody after her arrest in Karachi . But in May 2004 , then-Attorney General John Ashcroft and FBI Director Robert Mueller identified Siddiqui as being among several sought-after al Qaeda members .	Aafia Siddiqui is charged with shooting at U.S. officers while she was in Afghan custody She had bomb-making instructions , notes on attack in U.S. , indictment says Siddiqui , a U.S.-educated neuroscientist , had been sought by F.B.I. for years She was extradited to U.S. from Afghanistan in 2008 to face trial
CNN  -- The Egyptian government released on Tuesday one of four Al Jazeera journalists it had detained Sunday night , but continued holding the other three employees of the news network , which is demanding their release . Correspondent Peter Greste , producer Mohamed Fahmy , producer Baher Mohamed and cameraman Mohamed Fawzy were taken into custody Sunday evening in Cairo , the network said . Fawzy was released Tuesday morning ; the other three men remained in detention and appeared Tuesday before magistrates , Al Jazeera reported . The Egyptian Interior Ministry said on its Facebook page that security forces arrested a Muslim Brotherhood member and an Australian journalist at a Cairo hotel . Greste , an Australian , previously worked for CNN , Reuters and the BBC . Fahmy worked for CNN and The New York Times prior to joining the Qatar-based network ; Mohamed is a Cairo-based producer for the network . The ministry said the Muslim Brotherhood member used the hotel to meet with other members and as a media center to broadcast damaging news about the government for Al Jazeera . "  It is outrageous to be treating bona fide journalists in this way , " said Al Anstey , managing director of Al Jazeera English , in a statement . "  The allegations that are being made are totally false and unfounded . We operate in Egypt legally , the team were working on a number of stories to show our viewers around the world all aspects of the ongoing situation in the country , and every member of our team has huge experience carrying out the highest quality journalism with integrity . " Calling the arrests arbitrary , Al Jazeera said the network "  has been subject to harassment by Egyptian security forces , " including having its equipment confiscated and offices raided , despite the network not being banned from working in Egypt . The arrests occurred the day before the Committee to Protect Journalists issued a report saying Egypt , Syria and Iraq have become the deadliest countries for journalists . Seventy journalists were killed in 2013 , with six of those deaths in Egypt , the CPJ said . Egypt 's current round of political turmoil began on July 3 , when President Mohamed Morsy was ousted in a military coup . Last week , the military-backed government declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization . Police and members of the Muslim Brotherhood have clashed in the streets since then . CNN 's Josh Levs and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report	Four Al Jazeera journalists were arrested , the network said Al Jazeera calls the arrests "  arbitrary , " slams "  harassment " of network The Egyptian government says at least one journalist met with Muslim Brotherhood members The government recently declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization
CNN  -- Manchester United were held to a 2-2 draw at Old Trafford by West Bromwich Albion in the English Premier League on Saturday . A mistake by goalkeeper Edwin Van Der Sar gifted the visitors an equalizer 10 minutes into the second half after Hernandez and Nani had given the Alex Ferguson 's men a two goal lead before the break . Van Der Sar 's fumble from a Chris Brunt cross fell to the feet of Somen Tchoyi who pounced on the error to score after 55 minutes . Tchoyi 's effort came five minutes after Patrice Evra deflected a Brunt free-kick into his own net . Ferguson left his star striker Wayne Rooney on the bench until the 71st minute but he could n't force a winner as Man United poured forward in the closing stages . The draw is the 2009 champions third in succession in the league and leaves them in third place on 14 points . Arsenal moved up to second after they beat Birmingham City 2-1 at the Emirates . The Gunners had to come from behind after Birmingham striker Nikola Zigic headed home from a Keith Fahey cross in the 33rd minute . But it was n't long before Arsenal were back on equal terms . Marouane Chamakh was awarded a penalty eight minutes later after being fouled . Sami Nasri stepped up to convert the spot kick . And it was the Moroccan striker who secured all three points for the home side when he rounded Birmingham 's keeper Ben Foster to record his fifth goal of his Arsenal career . League leaders Chelsea could only manage a goalless draw against Aston Villa at Villa Park . The point keeps the 2010 champions five points clear of the chasing pack . Villa move up to eighth . Despite the loss Birmingham remain 16th place in the table as strugglers Wolves and West Ham -- the Premier League 's bottom two sides -- drew 1-1 at Molineux . Matthew Jarvis had put the home side ahead in the 10th minute after he volleyed home a weak punched clearance from West Ham 's keeper , Robert Green . Despite dominating the first half , Wolves could n't double their lead and were made to pay eight minutes into the second half when defender Kevin Foley brought down West Ham striker Victor Obinna . Mark Noble stepped up to convert the penalty . Tottenham Hotspur also came from behind to defeat their west London rivals Fulham 1-2 at Craven Cottage . Goals from Roman Pavlyuchenko and Tom Huddlestone in either half secured the win for Spurs after Diomansy Kamara had given the Cottagers the lead after half an hour . Wigan looked as though they were also on course for a notable away win at St James Park over Newcastle . But Argentine defender Fabricio Coloccini equalized for the home side in the fourth minute of added time at the end of the match . Two goals in as many minutes by Ex-Newcastle striker Charles N'Zogbia midway through the first half gave Wigan a surprise lead . Newcastle 's efforts to get back into the game were thwarted until the 72nd minute when substitute Shola Ameobi gave the Magpies hope of a point when he scored from close range before Coloccini 's late show . The result leaves Wigan in 12th place , one point and one place ahead of Newcastle in the table . Bolton Wanderers grabbed a last gasp winner at the Reebok Stadium to overcome Stoke City 2-1 . Lee Chung-Yong had given Bolton the lead in the first half with a stunning curling effort from 22 yards after 22 minutes . Rory Delap equalized for Stoke early in the second half and the game looked as though it was heading for a draw until Ivan Klasnic scored the winner two minutes into stoppage time . Klasnic did n't celebrate for long though as he was sent off moments later for a second bookable offence . Everton host Liverpool in the Merseyside derby on Sunday , while Manchester City can make up ground on Chelsea if they win at Blackpool .	Manchester United squander points at home to newly promoted West Brom Edwin Van Der Sar gifts West Brom a point after fumbling a cross in a 2-2 draw Arsenal and Spurs come from behind to beat Birmingham and Fulham respectively Strugglers West Ham and Wolves draw 1-1 to remain rooted to the bottom of table
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate on Thursday passed a resolution apologizing to African-Americans for the wrongs of slavery . The nonbinding resolution sponsored by Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , is similar to a House resolution adopted last year that acknowledged the wrongs of slavery but offered no reparations . The House will have to vote on the issue again because the composition of that chamber changed after last November 's elections . The resolution was approved on a voice vote . Because it is nonbinding , it does not have to be forwarded to the president for his signature . Several states have passed similar resolutions , but the House resolution was the first time a branch of the federal government did so . Harkin 's resolution "  acknowledges the fundamental injustice , cruelty , brutality and inhumanity of slavery , and Jim Crow laws , " and "  apologizes to African-Americans on behalf of the people of the United States for the wrongs committed against them and their ancestors who suffered under slavery and Jim Crow laws . " Jim Crow laws were state and local laws enacted mostly in U.S. Southern and border states between the 1870s and 1965 that denied African-Americans the right to vote and other civil liberties , as well as legally segregated them from whites . Some members of the African-American community have called on lawmakers to give cash payments or other financial benefits to descendants of slaves as compensation for the suffering caused by slavery .	Resolution acknowledges the wrongs of slavery but offers no reparations House must vote again because members have changed since resolution passed Measure is nonbinding , does not need to be forwarded to president
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama on Friday resumed -- with expanded legal protections -- the Bush administration 's controversial system of military trials for some Guantanamo Bay detainees . President Obama says the commissions are OK , "  provided that they are properly structured and administered . " On the heels of Obama 's shift this week to block the release of photos showing prisoners allegedly being abused by U.S. personnel in Iraq and Afghanistan , the military commissions announcement further infuriated the president 's most ardent supporters while winning cautionary praise from some of his political foes . Obama said he supports the idea of the military commissions but opposes the version of the law that had been governing such trials in recent years : the Military Commissions Act put in place under the Bush administration in 2006 , but subsequently struck down as unconstitutional by the Supreme Court . The president said military commissions "  are appropriate for trying enemies who violate the laws of war , provided that they are properly structured and administered . " But , he said , the 2006 act "  failed to establish a legitimate legal framework and undermined our capability to ensure swift and certain justice against those detainees . " He said he plans to enhance due process rights for detainees held at the U.S. facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in order to improve the widely criticized approach created by his predecessor . Statements that have been obtained from detainees through interrogation and cruel treatment , such as waterboarding , will no longer be admitted as evidence before the commissions , Obama said , and hearsay evidence will be limited . The revised system also will give detainees greater latitude in selecting legal representation and afford basic protections to those who refuse to testify . Military commission judges also will be able to establish the jurisdiction of their own courts . "  These reforms will begin to restore the commissions as a legitimate forum for prosecution , while bringing them in line with the rule of law , " Obama said . He said he plans to ask Congress to enact other reforms to the 2006 law . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , applauded his former opponent . "  Today 's announcement is a step -- but only a step -- toward a comprehensive detainee policy that will deal with the detainees held at Guantanamo and elsewhere in a fashion that both accords with our values and protects our national security , " McCain said in a written statement . But Obama 's announcement infuriated some of his core supporters -- with the revisions hardly calming the concerns of groups such as the American Civil Liberties Union . The ACLU chided the military commission decision as "  a striking blow to due process and the rule of law . " "  These military commissions are inherently illegitimate , unconstitutional and incapable of delivering outcomes we can trust , " said Anthony D. Romero , the group 's executive director . "  Tweaking the rules of these failed tribunals so that they provide ` more due process ' is absurd ; there is no such thing as ` due process light . ' " he said . "  If the administration 's proposed rules really bring these proceedings in line with constitutional requirements , there is no reason not to use our tried and true justice system . If they do n't , these tribunals have no place in our democracy . " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs countered that military commissions have a long history in the United States . "  First and foremost , the president of the United States is going to do what he believes is in the best security interest of the people of the United States , " Gibbs told reporters . Obama suspended the military commissions by signing an executive order on his third day in office , the same day he signed an order to close the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo within a year and announced a 120-day review of the whole process . The review deadline is next week . Gibbs said he does not know where and how trials for alleged terrorists will unfold on American soil . Nor did he disclose how many suspects would face legal proceedings under the revised commissions . Three Guantanamo detainees ' cases have gone through the commission so far . The Bush administration established the military trial system after the U.S. military began capturing detainees in Afghanistan in late 2001 . The next year , it opened the Guantanamo facility , saying suspects were treated properly and received due process through the system . But legal organizations and human rights agencies have repeatedly challenged the system on grounds that detainees were mistreated . One lawyer representing a client at Guantanamo said closing the detention facility , which Obama is advocating , is a "  meaningless gesture " if the military commissions continue . "  The military commissions are fundamentally flawed and ca n't be fixed , " said Army Maj. Jon S. Jackson , a lawyer for Mustafa al-Hawsawi , one of five 9/11 defendants charged in the military commission process . Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the self-confessed mastermind of the 9/11 attacks , is the most high-profile of those defendants .	Obama revives Bush system that was suspended in January New system to include expanded due-process rights for the suspects , Obama says ACLU calls move "  a striking blow to due process and the rule of law "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Fans wishing to attend singer Michael Jackson 's memorial service next week will have to register for the 11,000 free tickets , organizers said Thursday . Michael Jackson is shown rehearsing at the Staples Center on June 23 , two days before his death . Details on how to register for the 10 a.m.  1 p.m. ET  service at the 20,000-seat Staples Center in Los Angeles , California , Tuesday are to be announced Friday . Jackson 's family will hold a private ceremony before the public memorial service , his brother said Thursday . Speaking to CNN 's Larry King , Jermaine Jackson said the ceremony will be held Tuesday morning , but he did not say where . Jackson rehearsed at Staples Center two nights before he died , and he appeared healthy in a video clip of the rehearsal obtained by CNN . Jackson died June 25 after collapsing at his rented home in Los Angeles . AEG , promoter of Jackson 's planned London , England , shows , released the short video of Jackson rehearsing in the arena on June 23 . Jackson sang "  They Do n't Care About Us , " a song from his "  HIStory " album , as he danced along with eight male dancers . Watch Jackson rehearse " Jackson did not specify where he wished to be buried in a 2002 will , which was filed in court Wednesday . Watch CNN 's Anderson Cooper talk about his interview with AEG " More information emerged Thursday about how Jackson 's estate will be shared , which his will estimated in 2002 as being worth $ 500 million . The family trust created by Jackson to receive all of his assets includes his mother , his children and a list of charities , according to a person with direct knowledge of the contents of the trust . Mother Katherine Jackson 's 40 percent share would go to Michael Jackson 's three children after her death , the source said . The children -- ages 7 , 11 and 12 -- also will share 40 percent of the estate 's assets , and the remaining 20 percent will benefit charities designated by the executors of the will , the source said . A judge has delayed for a week , until July 13 , a hearing to decide whether Katherine Jackson will remain the temporary guardian of Jackson 's children . At a brief talk with reporters Thursday , an attorney for Jackson 's ex-wife Debbie Rowe said she "  has not reached a final decision " on whether she will challenge Jackson 's mother for custody of Jackson 's two oldest children , according to her lawyer . A Los Angeles TV station quoted Rowe on Thursday morning saying , "  I want my children . " Except for the statement to the radio station , she has not publicly indicated whether she would seek custody now that Jackson is dead . Rowe was left out of the will . "  I have intentionally omitted to provide for my former wife , Deborah Rowe Jackson , " the will said . The will nominated Katherine Jackson , now 79 , as the guardian of his children . If Katherine Jackson were to die , "  I nominate Diana Ross as guardian , " Jackson said in the will , written July 7 , 2002 . Singer Ross , 65 , was a lifelong friend of Jackson 's . Watch how the two had a close relationship " There 's also a question on when the will 's executors should take over control of the late entertainer 's assets , which Judge Mitchell Beckloff temporarily placed under Katherine Jackson 's control . One man named as executor is John Branca , who represented Jackson from 1980 until 2006 and was hired again before the singer 's death . He helped acquire Jackson 's music catalog , which is worth millions . The other is music industry executive John McClain , a longtime Jackson friend who has worked with him and his sister Janet . DEA reportedly joins investigation The Drug Enforcement Administration has joined the investigation into Jackson 's death , a federal law enforcement official said Wednesday night . And the California State Attorney General 's office said Thursday that it is helping the Los Angeles Police Department in its investigation . The attorney general 's office said it will assist police in sifting through information in a state database that monitors controlled medication . Two law enforcement officials separately confirmed the DEA inquiry , saying agents would look at doctors involved with Jackson , their practices and their possible sources of medicine supply . Neither official wanted to be identified because they could not comment publicly on the matter . Officially , a DEA spokeswoman referred questions to the Los Angeles Police Department , which would not confirm the involvement . "  We routinely offer assistance to any agency regarding the Federal Controlled Substance Act , " said Sarah Pullen of the DEA . "  However , at this time , we have nothing further to comment about the death of Michael Jackson . " Speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since Jackson died June 25 at his rented estate in Holmby Hills . The cause of his death , at age 50 , was pending toxicology results . On Wednesday , police released a car belonging to Jackson 's cardiologist , Dr. Conrad Murray . They had impounded the vehicle Friday , saying it might contain evidence -- possibly prescription medications . Police did not say whether they found anything . Murray 's attorneys issued a statement , asking the public to reserve judgment about the cause of death until the coroner 's tests are complete . "  Based on our agreement with Los Angeles investigators , we are waiting on real information to come from viable sources like the Los Angeles medical examiner 's office about the death of Michael Jackson , " the statement said . "  We will not be responding to rumors and innuendo . " No public showing planned for Neverland Logistical and financial challenges derailed earlier plans for a public viewing and private memorial at Neverland Ranch . Planning had been under way for a motorcade to carry Jackson 's body from Los Angeles to the Santa Barbara County ranch , which state and local officials suggested would be difficult and costly . Law enforcement sources had said a public viewing at the ranch was under consideration for Friday , but a spokesman for the family said that it would not happen . "  Plans are under way regarding a public memorial for Michael Jackson , and we will announce those plans shortly , " said Ken Sunshine , whose public relations firm had been hired by the Jackson family . Despite the announcement , more than two dozen TV satellite trucks lined the narrow two-lane road leading to the ranch . For a time , the California Highway Patrol closed the road to clear up a small bottleneck of cars created by Jackson fans and the media . CNN 's Drew Griffin , Kathleen Johnston , Michael Carey , Paul Vercammen , Carol Cratty and Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .	NEW : 11,000 memorial service tickets will be made available Source : Jackson memorial to be Tuesday at Los Angeles ' Staples Center Jackson appears healthy in video clip of rehearsal two days before death Drug Enforcement Administration reportedly joins inquiry into Jackson 's death
CNN  -- Goal machine Cristiano Ronaldo scored two first half goals in quick succession to power Real Madrid to a 2-0 win over Malaga in the Bernabeu , but also earned his second red card of the season . Ronaldo 's strikes all but sealed victory for Real by halftime , but he blotted his copybook with a flying elbow earning him his marching orders in the 70th minute , his second dismissal this season . But it was a much-needed win for Real , who cut the gap at the top on Barcelona , who won 3-0 at Valladolid on Saturday , to five points . Malaga had the better of the early exchanges and might have taken a shock lead before a fine team move led to Kaka feeding his fellow superstar Ronaldo from the right . He duly converted with a first time shot for a 35th minute opener and three minutes later he was on the scoresheet again , connecting on the volley with Guti 's clever pass forward to score his second . Just before halftime Ronaldo might have completed his hat-trick as a trademark free kick was parried away but he has scored 15 goals in 16 games for Real this season . In other matches on Sunday , Tenerife held third-placed Valencia to a 0-0 draw while Real Mallorca went fourth on goal difference ahead of Deportivo La Coruna after claiming a 1-1 draw at Espanyol . Valencia showed little of the form which saw them dispatch Villarreal 4-1 last week and aside from a deflected David Silva shot which went close and a David Navarro header offered scant threat in attack . Pablo Osvaldo gave Espanyol the lead just after halftime with Bonja Valero equalizing from the spot in the 80th minute .	Real Madrid beat Malaga 2-0 in the Bernabeu to cut Barcelona 's lead to five points Cristiano Ronaldo scores both goals but is sent off in the second half Third-placed Valencia held goalless by Tenerife
CNN  -- "  Still Alice , " written by Lisa Genova , is a novel about a 50-year-old Harvard professor 's struggle with Alzheimer 's disease . It 's also a book , Genova was told , that nobody would want to read . Lisa Genova , author of "  Still Alice , " found success after self-publishing her novel . After spending 1 1/2 years writing "  Still Alice , " Genova spent just as much time trying to find a literary agent . "  I never heard a response from most of the query letters I sent , " Genova said . "  Four literary agents asked to see the book . One of them said she just did n't think there was a general audience that would want to read about Alzheimer 's . " When she was turned down by several traditional publishing houses , Genova decided to follow a different route : self-publishing via Web-based companies . When she informed one of the literary agents of her decision , his response was daunting . "  He said , ` Do n't do that , you 'll kill your writing career before it starts , ' " said Genova . But she decided to press forward . Turning to the Author Solutions self-publishing brand , iUniverse , Genova published her book for $ 450 , a cost that included an ISBN -- the International Standard Book Number that uniquely identifies books -- and the ability to sell on Amazon.com . Months later , after receiving positive reviews on Amazon.com and a favorable review in the Boston Globe , Genova 's book was picked up by Simon & Schuster and is in its 12th week on The New York Times Bestsellers List . "  If you believe in your book , I think you should give it a chance , " Genova said . "  Still Alice " "  was a book that people already identified with and -LSB- Simon & Schuster -RSB- saw the book 's potential in a very real way . " Genova is not alone . As the economy takes its toll on traditional publishing houses -- HarperCollins dropped its Collins division in February , losing major executives and editors , and Random House continues with cutbacks -- more authors are looking to online self-publishing companies . Companies like Author Solutions or Lulu.com allow any budding author to submit a digital file of their manuscript on any subject matter . Unlike traditional publishing companies , these publishers only produce hard copies of the books when a customer buys one , a process known as print on demand . "  Anyone can publish , that 's the beauty of it , " said Gail Jordan , Director of Public Relations at Lulu . "  Nobody 's going to say , ` We do n't like your cover . Chapter 10 should be Chapter 6 . ' " This means that the author retains the copyright to his or her book and is responsible for almost everything , from the costs for printing to , if they choose , marketing the book . Manufacturing prices with Lulu range from $ 4 to $ 19 per copy , depending on whether the book is a hardback or paperback and on the number of pages . Authors pay only when they buy a book . Lulu also offers publishing packages that include formatting , cover design , editing , marketing and more , beginning at $ 299 . Since its inception in 2002 , Lulu has digitally published more than 820,000 titles , Jordan said . About 5,000 new titles are added each week . "  With this economy , there are people who really need to make money and people with more time on their hands , " Jordan said . "  We 've been seeing a surge since November in people publishing . " Since 1997 , Author Solutions has helped more than 70,000 authors publish more than 100,000 titles , according to Keith Ogorek , the company 's vice president of marketing . Depending on the brand chosen , publishing with Author Solutions can cost an author anywhere from $ 399 to $ 12,999 . Wordclay , another Author Solutions brand , offers basic do-it-yourself publishing free , although other Wordclay services , such as a custom cover or illustrations , are sold individually . Ogorek cited several pluses of print-on-demand publishing : the speed with which a book gets into the marketplace ; the fact that readers , not critics , "  decide whether your book is any good or not , " and the environmental benefit of fewer printed copies . "  With print on demand , there are n't that many dead trees , " said Jordan . "  We hear that on our forums that people do like that . " Print on demand also allows for the "  opportunity for a greater return on your investment ... it just makes sense from an economic standpoint , " said Ogorek , who believes many writers who 've worked with Author Solutions have had success they would not have found at traditional publishers . Similarly , Melinda Roberts , author of "  Mommy Confidential : Adventures from the Wonderbelly of Motherhood , " saw success after she published with Lulu . Roberts was turned down by three publishing companies that , she said , all told her the same thing . "  People were saying , ` This is fantastic , hilarious . I 'm going to throw up if I read another memoir , ' " Roberts said . Publishing companies told Roberts that her book would not appeal to mainstream audiences . But Roberts believed her stories held value for many mothers . Though she says she has sold fewer than 300 books , mostly by word-of-mouth , the book has brought her new visibility . Roberts has appeared on various panels across the country to share her insight on being a mother and is scheduled to appear on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " to talk about a new ABC television show called "  In the Motherhood . " "  I 'm happy about my success because I did n't really set out for it . It just kind of happened , " said Roberts . As authors use print-on-demand publishing in growing numbers , they seem to be abandoning self-publishing through traditional "  vanity presses " -- a method in which authors pay to get their books printed in bulk and then sell them on their own . "  Particularly in this economy , " said Jordan , "  who wants to buy a certain amount of copies of their book ? That really does n't do anybody good . " "  On-demand publishing is certainly more flexible , " said Kevin Gray , public relations manager at Author Solutions . "  So I think more people are turning to on-demand because it 's a less of a commitment on the author 's part . " Ogorek believes traditional publishers can benefit from the services provided by self-publishing companies . "  Traditional publishers are looking at us to find new and upcoming authors , " he said . "  We provide that for them . "	Print-on-demand means digital copies only get printed when someone buys a book Lisa Genova decided to self-publish after her book was turned down by agents Melinda Roberts found success after self-publishing her book Web-based publishing companies are challenging traditional publishing houses
BUTTE , Montana  CNN  -- Three families with young children were heading to a ski vacation together when their plane crashed into a cemetery in Montana , loved ones of the victims said Monday . Dr. Erin Jacobson and his family , shown here in a photo from November , were killed in the crash . Federal investigators said that with no flight data recorder or cockpit voice recorder on the plane and no survivors , an investigation into what caused the crash could last months . "  This is going to take a while , " National Transportation Safety Board Acting Chairman Mark Rosenker said at a news conference Monday . Investigators are looking into whether the single-engine plane was overloaded , what role weather may have played in the accident and what made the pilot decide to divert to Butte , he said . He urged reporters not to "  jump to conclusions " about the crash . Early speculation focused on the fact that there were 14 people aboard the 10-seat aircraft , but Rosenker said young children often travel on the laps of adult passengers and urged reporters not to rush to judgment about the cause of the crash . "  To jump to conclusions is a disservice to your readers and to those who are watching your broadcasts , " he said . "  This will be a long and tedious investigation -- extremely thorough . We will look at every factor which could affect the performance of this aircraft . " Investigators said seven adults and seven children were on board , and all died in the crash Sunday . Authorities have not publicly identified the victims . But colleagues and loved ones have named all 14 . Watch friend describe how victim was "  like family " " On Monday some of the victims ' relatives visited the site of the wreck . St. Helena Hospital in St. Helena , California , said an ophthalmologist who worked there was killed , along with his family . "  The St. Helena Hospital family is filled with such deep sadness over the deaths of Dr. Erin Jacobson , his wife Amy , and their three children , Taylor , Ava and Jude , " the hospital said in a written statement , adding , "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of each victim of this terrible tragedy . " A friend of the Jacobson family said the Jacobson children were 4 , 3 , and 2 years of age . A dental practice in Valley Springs , California , said dentist Michael Pullen and his wife , Vanessa , were on the plane with their 9-year-old daughter , Sydney , and 7-year-old son , Christopher . The family is from Galt , California . Dr. James DuHamel of DuHamel & Pullen Family Dental said the two families were related . Vanessa Pullen , a physician in Elk Grove , was the sister of Amy Jacobson , he said . DuHamel said Pullen was "  a fantastic dentist , " and added that he will "  miss him greatly . " Adrian Cotton , whose wife is a sister of Vanessa Pullen and Amy Jacobson , is acting as a spokesman for the families . The third family was that of Dr. Brent Ching , a dentist in Chico , California , his office confirmed without providing further comment . Ching was accompanied by his wife Kristen and children Hailey , 5 , and Caleb , 3 , Hostetter said . Cotton said the pilot on the plane was Bud Summerfield , who was not related to any of the victims . While investigators continue to look into the crash , it is unclear whether details of what happened will ever be known . There is no requirement for a cockpit voice recorder or a flight data recorder on such private planes . Rosenker said there might be some avionics -- electronic systems that private planes can use for a variety of purposes -- that might contain some information , though they are not built to withstand crashes . A CNN crew at the crash site , Holy Cross Cemetery , could see no large chunks of the plane , a single-engine Pilatus PC-12 . But Rosenker said "  portions of all major structural components " had been identified . Watch footage from the crash site " Some visitors set up crosses outside the gates of the cemetery to serve as a makeshift memorial . Others brought flowers . The flight was headed to Bozeman , Montana , but was rerouted to Butte , said Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Mike Fergus . The plane crashed 500 feet short of the runway at Bert Mooney Airport . No one was injured on the ground , Sheriff John Walsh said . The weather , which was clear Sunday , does not appear to have been a factor . See a map of the crash site " The plane was designed to carry 11 people -- two in the cockpit and nine in the cabin , said Rosenker . He noted that young children often travel on the laps of adult passengers . Martha Guidoni said she and her husband witnessed the plane crash . She photographed one of the first images from the scene , which showed the cemetery in the foreground of a huge blaze . iReport.com : iReporter at scene of crash "  We were just taking a ride -- all of a sudden , we watched this plane just take a nosedive , " she said . "  We drove into the cemetery to see if there was any way my husband could help someone . We were too late -- there was nothing to help . " Her husband , Steve Guidoni , said the plane "  went into the ground " and ignited a tree . "  I looked to see if there was anybody I could pull out , but there was n't anything there ; I could n't see anything , " he said . "  There was some luggage strewn around . ... There was some plane parts . " Watch witness describe what he saw " A flight plan said the plane originated in Redlands , California , according to flight-tracking site FBOweb.com . Stops were made in Vacaville and Oroville , California , before the plane headed for Montana . The plane stopped at the Oroville airport about 11 a.m. , refueled and departed about half an hour later , said Police Chief Kirk Trostle . The Oroville airport does not have a control tower . Eric Teitelman , Oroville 's director of community development and public works , said that because it has a "  wide-open runway " and a self-service fuel system , it is a frequent stop for general aviation aircraft . There were conflicting reports about ownership of the plane , which was manufactured in 2001 . CNN 's Auggie Martin , Dan Simon , Jim Spellman , Mike Ahlers and Irving Last contributed to this report .	Some family members of 14 victims visit scene of crash Investigators looking into whether the single-engine plane was overloaded FAA says 7 children , 7 adults were aboard plane that crashed in Butte , Montana No recorders aboard ; it 's not clear whether details of the crash will ever be known
Near San Cristobal , Cuba  CNN  -- Fifty years ago , 15-year-old Omar Lopez knew a secret that governments around the world would have killed to learn or safeguard : Soviet troops were building hidden military installations in Cuba . One of those installations was on the farm where his family raised chickens and pigs . In 1962 , Fidel Castro 's revolution was just beginning to reshape Cuba . Thousands of Cubans had fled the country , and the year before , Castro 's troops had routed a U.S.-backed invasion at the Bay of Pigs . Read more : Should the U.S. fight or befriend Cuba ? But little of the drama of those times reached the remote Lopez farm in western Cuba , where palm trees vastly outnumber human residents . "  Our life was getting up every day to take the livestock out to pasture , " Lopez remembers a half-century later . "  We watched them , worked , did our chores and went to sleep to do it again the next day . " That routine was interrupted when Lopez and his father , Manuel , returned to their farmhouse one day to find a uniformed Cuban comandante waiting for them on the porch . Read more : Raul Castro again says Cuba willing to talk with U.S. "  He said they needed the farm , " Lopez recalled . "  It was n't right , but this was a time of war and they needed for us to move and would give us a bigger farm and build us a new house . " Seventy-two hours later , Lopez said , a house had been built for them , no small feat in a country beset by shortages . Lopez , his brother and parents left their farm with all their animals and earthly possessions . "  As we drove out , " he said , "  the troops started coming in . " Read more : Should the U.S. raise a fist or offer a hand to Cuba ? "  The troops " were thousands of Soviet soldiers and technicians who had been secreted into Cuba as part of a confidential agreement between Castro and Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev to place nuclear missiles on the island and upend the dynamic of the Cold War . On his family 's new farm two miles away , Lopez might not have ever known that a large military operation was under way where they once lived -- if not for the pigs . The Lopez family 's pigs kept wandering back to the old farm . Omar was dispatched to bring them home . Sneaking past the Cuban guards , Lopez said , he encountered tall , blond visitors who had commandeered his wayward porkers . "  They ate our pigs , " Lopez said . "  When you said , ` Hey , that 's mine , ' they said , ` No comprende . ' " Read more : Pope calls for greater freedoms in Cuba as he ends two-country tour As Lopez left with the livestock he could rescue , the Russians asked the teenage Cuban farm boy to come back with rum for them . Despite the furious pace of activity on his old farm , Lopez did n't pay too much mind to the foreigners . Then the shiny planes -- flying fast and low -- appeared over the green hills . Read more : Dissident Cuban blogger arrested , colleagues say "  I saw the planes twice . They flew over that mountain range , came down and then flew out , " Lopez said . "  That 's when you saw a lot of movement among the Cuban troops . " The planes Lopez saw were U.S. spy planes , and as they flew over San Cristobal on October 15 , 1962 , they were capturing the first photos of Soviet nuclear missiles in Cuba . Those photos arrived on President John F. Kennedy 's desk the next morning . More spy flights revealed Soviet installations across the island and nuclear missiles that could reach the U.S. Eastern Seaboard . Kennedy ordered Navy ships to quarantine Cuba to prevent more Soviet missiles ' and troops ' passage to the island . For millions of people across the globe , a nuclear war and nuclear holocaust seemed imminent . Read more : Dissident Cuban blogger arrested , colleagues say The standoff that would play out over the next 13 days would be called the Cuban missile crisis in the United States , the Caribbean crisis in the USSR and the October crisis in Cuba . But even though he lived next to a missile site , Oscar Lopez was n't aware at the time that a crisis by any name was taking place . "  Back then , we did n't have TV , " Lopez said of simple life in Cuba 's countryside . "  We did n't get the news , no one delivered the paper . You lived to work . Back then , you were considered rich if you had a radio . We had no idea what was going on . " Lopez said they never heard of the crisis while it unfolded or that a deal was reached between the Americans and Soviets to remove the missiles if the Americans promised not to invade Cuba . He does remember the loud noise of trucks hauling the Soviet equipment from their farm . After the mysterious visitors left , Lopez said he and his father returned to their old land . Trenches crisscrossed the fields . Concrete bunkers now stood where livestock had grazed . The new land they had been given was four times the size of the old -- and now damaged -- farm . Still , Lopez 's father went to see the comandante to ask for his farm back . Opinion : The hypocrisy of America 's Cuba policy "  The comandante said , ` If I gave you a bigger farm , why do you want to go to a smaller one ? ' " Lopez related . "  My dad responded , ` You gave me a bigger farm , but that 's not my farm , " Lopez said . "  My farm is the little one , and that 's where I want go back to . " Lopez 's family still works the land where Soviet troops once erected nuclear missile sites . When Lopez , 65 , is not tending to the animals , he takes the occasional visitor out to see the traces of the Soviet occupation of his farm . The road the Russians used to transport the missiles washed away a long time ago and the quickest way to reach the missile sites is by mule and buggy . On the day he took CNN out to see the ruins of the missile sites , Lopez sported a Boston Red Sox baseball cap and apologized that he had to borrow his neighbor 's smaller cart since his had a flat tire . Driving out , Lopez pointed out a fence he made from a metal bridge the Soviets left behind . He also showed how neighbors used curved concrete beams from a missile bunker to build a pig pen . A jarring 30-minute ride later , Lopez and visitors reached one of the missile launch sites . Read more : Jailed American in Cuba may be ill , lawyer says In the nearby jungle , vines wrapped around fallen buildings that seemed to belong to a much older and forgotten civilization . A small , faded marble plaque marked the spot where Soviets once pointed nuclear missiles at the United States . Lopez said the marble plaque was a replacement for a bronze one that disappeared years ago . The loudest sound at the remote site was the wind rustling though the adjacent sugar cane fields . "  We were lucky there was n't war , " Lopez said . "  After the atomic bombs and the sicknesses that would have come , there would n't have been a single Cuban left and there would n't have been many of you left either because you are very close . "	A small family farm in Cuba hosted Soviet missiles in 1962 A Cuban teen found out about emplacement when relocated pigs returned to old farm Remnants of Soviet bunkers still can be seen on the farm
CNN  -- A seventh person has been confirmed dead , and the number of presumed dead is now up to three after last week 's flooding in Colorado , authorities reported Thursday . The state Office of Emergency Management added a new confirmed fatality in Boulder County to the list Thursday afternoon , spokeswoman Micki Trost said . And in Larimer County , a 46-year-old man from the town of Drake whose home had been washed away was reclassified as presumed dead , said Nick Christensen , executive officer of the county Sheriff 's Office . Two other people in Larimer County -- both women , ages 60 and 80 -- were already presumed dead after their homes were swept away in the flash floods that ravaged Colorado 's northern Front Range . Another 139 people remain unaccounted for in Larimer County , a figure reduced from nearly 200 on Wednesday , Christensen said . Officials say most of those unaccounted for are expected to be alive and well , but have failed to check in with authorities to let them know . The mountains north of Denver saw more than nine inches of rain on September 12 -- leading to flash floods that turned picturesque canyons into funnels that deluged towns downstream and left hundreds stranded in the mountains above . Nearly 1,200 people had been airlifted out of the mountains by Thursday , and Christensen said nearly 200 more have chosen to stay in their homes . In addition to the deaths , nearly 18,000 homes have been damaged statewide . Gov. John Hickenlooper told reporters that about 200 miles of state highways washed out by the storms will need to be fixed , along with perhaps "  several times more " miles of local roads . How to help Those roads are not only in hard-hit Boulder and Larimer counties but in farm communities northeast of Denver , where the runoff from the storms was carried downstream by the South Platte River . And he added , "  It 's clear we 're in a race against the onset of winter . " "  Critical roads needed to bring in crops that are about to go to harvest are completely broken apart , " Hickenlooper said . "  This has to be every bit as critical a priority as the roads connecting people with their communities and homes in the canyons . Irrigation , in large measure , has been washed away along the Platte . " The disaster may end up costing homeowners , businesses and local governments nearly $ 2 billion , according to the insurance consulting firm Eqecat -- and a high percentage of the losses will not be covered by insurance . Tom Larsen , senior vice president of of Eqecat , said that because very many of the homes damaged by the flooding are not in flood plains , the number of people with federal flood coverage is very low . Colorado is also an oil-producing state , and the disaster has raised concerns that hydraulic fracturing , or "  fracking , " fluids used in oil and gas wells may have been swept up in the floodwaters and washed into the environment . Colorado 's Oil and Gas Association , the industry 's trade association , said no fracking operations were underway when the floods hit -- meaning "  no fracking fluids , no chemicals associated with fracking , nor equipment were on sites at the time of the flooding . " But state inspectors reported 10 oil spills as of Thursday , including two the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission called "  notable " -- a 125-barrel  3,900-gallon  leak from a storage tank south of Milliken , near the South Platte ; and a 323-barrel  13,500 gallon  leak from another storage tank near Firestone , on the St. Vrain River . "  In both cases , it appears the oil left the site in floodwaters , " the commission reported . It said the spills were "  promptly reported " by the tanks ' owners , Anadarko Petroleum , and Anadarko said it was working with state and federal officials "  to clean up the releases to the greatest extent possible . " And the state agency noted that oil is typically a small portion of the contaminants associated with a flood : "  Those include very large volumes  millions of gallons  of raw , municipal sewage and other hazards associated with households , agriculture , business and industry . " What we learned from Vermont 's epic flood CNN Correspondent Ana Cabrera and CNNMoney 's Chris Isidore and Steve Hargreaves contributed to this report .	NEW : Colorado must race against the coming winter to fix roads , governor says Seven now confirmed dead , three presumed dead in Colorado floods Property losses may approach $ 2 billion , insurance firm says State inspectors report 2 "  notable " oil spills
CNN  -- A Muslim teenager from Ohio says her father threatened to kill her because she converted to Christianity . Rifqa Bary claims her father wants her dead after she converted to Christianity . Rifqa Bary , 17 , ran away from her family in Columbus , Ohio , in July and took refuge in the central Florida home of the Rev. Blake Lorenz with the Global Revolution Church in Orlando . The teen heard of the pastor and his church through a prayer group on Facebook . The girl 's parents reported her missing to Columbus police , who found her two weeks later in Florida through cell phone records . The teenager , in a sworn affidavit , claims her father , Mohamed Bary , 47 , was pressured by the mosque the family attends in Ohio to "  deal with the situation . " In the court filing , Rifqa Bary stated her father said , "  If you have this Jesus in your heart , you are dead to me ! " The teenager claims her father added , "  I will kill you ! " Mohamed Bary told CNN a lot of false information has been given and "  we would n't do her harm . " He knew his daughter was involved with Christian organizations . "  I have no problem with her practicing any faith , " he said , but Bary admitted he would have preferred his daughter to practice the Muslim faith first . Although Mohamed Bary said he did not expect his daughter to run away , Rifqa Bary was placed in foster care by an Orlando judge in August while the Florida Department of Children and Family investigated the threat allegations against the parents . In a court filing Monday , John Stemberger , Rifqa Bary 's attorney and president of the Christian advocacy organization Florida Family Policy Council , accused the parents ' Ohio mosque of having ties to terrorism and radical Islam . The Noor Islamic Cultural Center has denied the allegations . Stemberger told CNN he agreed with his client that she would be killed by radical Muslims if she is returned to Ohio . "  She is a person who is ripe for apostate killing or mercy killing . I 'm not going to let my client slip away in the night by going back , " said Stemberger . Roger Weeden , the mother 's attorney in Florida , said the filing had no credible evidence but instead was meant "  just to inflame the community and the court . " Weeden said he believes the teen 's attorney is trying to create an atmosphere of fear and intimidation . The teen 's attorney said his client has endured a history of abuse from her family . Stemberger said the young girl was forced to wear the Muslim headscarf called a hijab and was punched in the face by her father for being ashamed while wearing it . Stemberger is asking the court to keep Rifqa Bary in the custody of the state of Florida until she turns 18 in a year . Mohamed Bary , who is not a United States citizen , said he ca n't believe all the false allegations and the bad image caused by the situation . "  We are not bad people , " Bary said . "  We are not like that , we are normal . " The mother 's attorney said the teenager was a normal girl , a cheerleader in Ohio , and what Muslim extremist would allow his daughter be a cheerleader ? At a court hearing scheduled for Thursday in Orlando , the parents will have an opportunity to respond to the allegations against them . Their attorney said the parents will deny all allegations . After the court hearing , the judge may force all the parties involved into mediation , followed by an adjudication hearing .	Teen convert says she ran away from Muslim father after he allegedly threatened her Rifqa Bary 's attorney says his client would be killed if she is returned to Ohio Mohammed Bary calls allegations false , says Rifqa can practice any faith she wants Hearing on case is scheduled for Thursday in Florida
CNN  -- Aerosmith announced the cancellation of the remainder of its summer tour Thursday , more than a week after the band 's lead singer tumbled off stage in South Dakota . Aerosmith lead singer Steven Tyler fell off stage August 5 while dancing to "  Love in an Elevator . " "  Due to injuries Steven Tyler sustained last week when he fell from the stage during a concert in Sturgis , South Dakota , doctors have advised the lead singer to take the time to properly recuperate from the accident that resulted in a broken shoulder and stitches to his head , " the band said in a statement . The accident happened August 5 during a concert at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in western South Dakota . Tyler was dancing during "  Love in an Elevator " when he fell . He was airlifted to a local hospital for initial treatment before returning to Boston , Massachusetts , for treatment with his own doctors . "  Words ca n't express the sadness I feel for having to cancel this tour , " said guitarist Joe Perry . "  We hope we can get the Aerosmith machine up and running again as soon as possible . " "  We never anticipated this tour coming to such a swift and unfortunate ending , " guitarist Brad Whitford said . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to Steven for a speedy recovery and return to good health . " Tyler 's fall was the second mishap for the lead singer during their tour with ZZ Top . Five shows were postponed in July after Tyler sprained his leg . The band said refunds will be issued for all canceled shows .	Lead singer Steven Tyler fell off stage during South Dakota show last week He broke his shoulder and received stitches to his head ; doctors advise rest Fall was second mishap for Tyler during Aerosmith 's tour with ZZ Top Band says refunds will be issued for all canceled shows
Japan 's annual trade deficit rose to a record $ 78 billion in 2012 , according to official data from the Ministry of Finance . Japan , a nation whose export-driven wealth has traditionally been built on trade surpluses , had a second straight year of trade deficits thanks to a persistently high yen , trouble with trading partner China and weakening demand in the eurozone . Exports fell 5.8 % in December 2012 compared to a year earlier due in large part to a strong yen which makes Japanese exports more expensive overseas . A protracted territorial dispute with China in the South China Sea has also seen Beijing slow its imports of Japanese goods . Japan 's exports to the country plunged 10.8 % in December year-on-year . Imports grew 1.9 % over the same period , with mineral fuels including oil accounting for 34.1 % -- and the majority -- of Japan 's total imports for the year . Late last year , then-prime ministerial candidate Shinzo Abe campaigned on a mission to turn his country 's economy around . His government unveiled $ 117 billion in new stimulus earlier this month . "  Beating deflation and curbing the yen 's appreciation is crucially important , " Abe said on January 10 and that a "  daring monetary policy is essential . " Earlier this week , the Bank of Japan signed on to Abe 's plan to raise inflation to 2 % , with the hope of pulling the world 's third largest economy out of a two-decade slump of deflation . Since mid-November , Japan 's currency has weakened more than 9 % and to a two-and-a-half year low -- boding well for Japan 's exporters . Abe , who served as Japan 's premier from 2006 to 2007 , was sworn back into the office on December 26 .	Japan exports fell 5.8 % in December from strong yen , China territorial dispute Imports grew 1.9 % in same period ; fuels accounted for 34 % share New PM Shinzo Abe maintains call for 2 % inflation rate , more spending Japanese yen has weakened 9 % since mid-November , benefiting exporters
Glendora , California  CNN  -- It 's the kind of Southern California town made for daydreaming : Quiet streets and sunny skies , a place where tranquility seems rarely to be disturbed . But according to police , as well as classified U.S. diplomatic cables published by WikiLeaks , the Los Angeles suburb of Glendora was the scene of an international assassination plot . The scheme involved would-be killers hiding out in a low-budget motel and an elaborate plan that , at first , involved shooting the victim , but later centered on running him over with a van , police documents disclose . "  I 've been a police officer here for more than 20 years , and I 've never investigated anything like this , " said Glendora police Lt. Tim Staab . It all unraveled on a late summer day in 2009 , when a would-be hit man hired by an Iranian national named Reza Sadeghnia got cold feet and called police from a local gas station . "  This person went on to tell us that for the past four days , they together had been scheming how to assassinate , how to kill another Glendora resident , " Staab said . Police said the target in Glendora was Jamshid Sharmahd , an Iranian-American dissident who is the radio voice of a small group called Tondar , devoted to the overthrow of the Iranian government . The Iranian government calls Tondar a terrorist group , but the U.S. State Department says it is only a propaganda outlet . According to police reports , the informant offered proof : the purchase of a cheap van from a used-car dealer that would be used to run down and kill the target . He told detectives he had been paid $ 5,000 to kill Sharmahd , with another $ 27,000 delivered to his mother back in Iran . The plotters decided to use a van after deciding that buying a gun would be too risky , the reports state . The informant told police that Sadeghnia , the mastermind , had fled Glendora and was about to leave Los Angeles on a plane . Staab said Glendora detectives found him in an airport hotel under his own name and arrested him in his room . Along with his laptop computer , police seized $ 2,100 in cash . "  They were crisp $ 100 bills . There was a stack of them . And around it was a bank wrapping , and they were all written in Farsi , " he said . According to those leaked American diplomatic cables , this was n't the first time Sadeghnia had been implicated in an assassination attempt . A prominent Iranian dissident in London , Ali Reza Nourizadeh , "  had been targeted by Iranian intelligence , " according to one cable . Nourizadeh is a prominent Voice of America commentator based in London , and Sadeghnia had contacted him several months before his California arrest , claiming to be a "  big fan , " the January 2010 account states . But Nourizadeh became suspicious of Sadeghnia after he took large numbers of pictures -- photos that later turned up in the office of a deputy intelligence minister in Tehran , the cable states . He stopped taking Sadeghnia 's calls "  and heard nothing more about the matter until he was visited by UK anti-terror police January 14 , " according to the cable . According to the cable , Sadeghnia had tracked the London dissident at the same time he was making plans to assassinate the California dissident . The arrest by Glendora police brought a halt to both plans . "  Nourizadeh is a well-known figure both inside and outside Iran , and is an outspoken critic of the Iranian regime , so it is unsurprising that the regime would want to keep a close eye on him , " the document states . "  If , however , the regime has targeted Nourizadeh for assassination , as it appears to have done with Sharmahd , it marks a clear escalation in the regime 's attempts to intimidate critics outside its borders , and could have a chilling effect on journalists , academics and others in the West who until recently felt little physical threat from the regime . " Sharmahd said there was "  no doubt " that the plot against him involved the Iranian government . He said the motive was not only to kill him , but also to replace both Tondar 's website and its radio broadcasts with fakes in an attempt to hijack the movement . Sadeghnia ultimately pleaded guilty to a charge of solicitation of murder and was jailed for eight months . But the story does n't end there . After he was released from prison in 2010 , Sadeghnia applied for permission to leave the United States while he was on five years ' probation and visit Iran for one month "  to visit his dying father , " according to probation reports . His first application was denied , but a second request was granted a few weeks later on the condition that he return no later than October 27 . He has not been seen in the United States since . Probation officials would not comment on the decision . Meanwhile , another Iranian-American -- a 71-year-old California businessman named Reza Taghavi -- was being held in an Iranian prison . He had been jailed for more than two years after Iranian authorities said he had given $ 200 to an Iranian dissident group : Tondar , the same group based in Glendora . Taghavi denied any association with Tondar . The money , he said , was to be given to a friend of a friend . Within weeks of Sadeghnia 's arrival in Iran , Taghavi walked out of Evin Prison . Taghavi said he believes there was "  no connection " between his release and Sadeghnia 's arrival . His attorney , a former Bush administration ambassador , Pierre Prosper , said he does n't think there 's a link , either . "  But it 's an interesting coincidence , is n't it ? " Prosper said in a telephone interview . The State Department told CNN that there was no link between Sadeghnia 's return to Iran and Taghavi 's release . But back in Glendora , Sharmahd said there 's no doubt in his mind that there was a swap in which the United States traded the man who orchestrated his attempted murder to Iran in exchange for the jailed businessman . "  You give my man back . I give you your man back , " he said . Watch Parker Spitzer weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from Parker Spitzer click here .	Police : Reza Sadeghnia pleaded guilty in plot to kill an Iranian-American dissident He was allowed to return to Iran , but his deadline to return to U.S. passed months ago WikiLeaks cable : He had been linked to a previous plot involving a London dissident Sadeghnia 's would-be target believes he was let go in a prisoner swap with Iran
CNN  -- Speculation about the future of American Airlines has been swirling for months . Still , many travelers were stunned Tuesday to learn that the carrier and its parent company have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy . American , American Eagle and all other subsidiaries will honor all tickets and reservations and operate normal flight schedules during the bankruptcy filing process . CNN airline and aviation correspondent Richard Quest weighed in on some of the basic questions about the airline 's decision . Why has American Airlines decided to make this move ? Richard Quest : They 're doing it for one simple reason : The American Airlines cost base is considerably higher than United , Continental , and Delta , which merged with Northwest . Those other airlines did go through Chapter 11 during  past  recessions and they managed to slash their costs . So now American has been struggling for the last few years trying to negotiate , trying to get agreements , trying to get its costs down . But frankly , with oil prices high , with growth slowing down , and with so many other competitive disadvantages , incoming CEO Thomas Horton told me a short while ago they really had no choice . It was time to push the nuclear button . There 's no doubt it is a dramatic development for a company that has several billions of dollars in cash . It has good strong hubs . All in all , this is being done purely and simply not because American is going bankrupt -- the planes are still flying , the champagne is still being served in first class , all things will be normal -- it 's being done to get down the costs . If I have a ticket now or for six months from now , should I be worried ? Quest : There is no danger that American Airlines is going to stop flying . Let 's be absolutely crystal clear about that . For the traveling public , this has absolutely no effect . I think many travelers are used to this . They flew United in Chapter 11 , they flew Delta , US Airways and all the others in Chapter 11 during those times . Horton told me he hopes the Chapter 11 will last less time than the others , the average being 16 months . If you 're flying American , do n't worry Are any changes coming to the airline ? Quest : The people who I think perhaps will be watching and be concerned are American 's employees . No changes immediately , but longer term , they can expect to see some significant changes in their benefits and in their conditions of employment .	American Airlines files for bankruptcy ; says it will operate normal flight schedules CNN airline and aviation correspondent : Move is intended to bring down costs Quest : I think many travelers are used to this Quest : American 's employees can expect to see significant changes in their benefits
CNN  -- With 33 consecutive wins and six straight titles in 2011 , Novak Djokovic is closing in on his lifetime goal . The Serbian 's explosive start to the new tennis season has seen him battle and bruise two of the game 's modern greats and former untouchables in Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer . His run in the current campaign has seen him beat both Federer and Nadal three times each -- consigning the Spaniard to his first clay-court defeat in nearly two years in Madrid -- en route to entering the top 10 of all-time ATP winning streaks . His win at the Australian Open and present hot streak finds him ranked second in the world , but Djokovic has his sights firmly focused on achieving a long-held goal . If he wins his seventh crown at the Rome Masters ahead of his 24th birthday on May 22 , and No. 1 Nadal fails to make the semifinals , Djokovic will proudly sit atop the rankings for the first time in his career . He told CNN 's Open Court show : "  It is my lifetime goal , my highest ambition , my dream as well , but I 'm still 23 , 24 this year . I still believe that I can play for many more years to come in this high level in the ATP Tour . "  If I really want to be one of the candidates for the top spot , I have to play consistently well throughout the whole year , because that is what Rafa and Roger will do and that 's what they have been doing the last five years , winning major events , being at least in the semis for every major event . "  If I want to compete with them and keep up with them , I will have to do the same at least . " If Djokovic 's rise to prominence in the game from 2005 onwards was steady , his leap into Nadal and Federer 's place at the top table of tennis has been dramatic . He secured his first major title back in 2008 at the Australian Open , and solidified his position as world number three , but the glut of grand slam titles many had predicted did not materialize . He reached the quarterfinals , or better , in each of 2010 's four slams and again finished the year third behind Nadal and Federer , but after leading Serbia to a landmark Davis Cup triumph over France in December , Djokovic has n't looked back . His 33 wins have included three final defeats of Nadal , the most notable coming in the recent Madrid Masters , when Djokovic inflicted the Spaniard 's first reverse on clay in 38 matches . So , what is the secret to his blistering start in 2011 ? "  Everything kind of came together , " he told CNN anchor Pedro Pinto . "  Everybody is wondering what the secret is -- there is no secret . "  I had the team of people I 've had for the last two or three years , it just took time for me to get all the things right and kind of have this necessary life experience in tennis . " Djokovic 's imperious form has sent confidence levels soaring , and he attributes his success to a solid mental approach . "  There is this saying that players use , that when you 're so confident that the tennis ball looks like a watermelon , so it probably is the case with me in the last couple of months , " he explained . "  I am playing the best tennis of my life and I 'm on an incredible run . Did I expect that ? No , definitely not , but I am trying to keep up with this momentum and trying to keep up with this high level of performance as much as I can . " Despite his mesmerizing run during the first five months of the season , Djokovic insists Nadal is still favorite to retain his French Open crown next month and make it six wins in seven years . And while the Serb says he wo n't retain his winning streak throughout the entire year , he does admit he is going into the tournament a transformed man . "  I do n't expect myself to not lose a match throughout the whole year , but I am confident that I am a different player from last year , " he said . "  I 'm emotionally stable , I 'm very confident , I am fast on the court and I am just consistent . "	Novak Djokovic tells CNN 's Open Court show his lifetime goal is to become world No. 1 Serbian 's 33 straight victories in 2011 have brought him six titles The 23-year-old won his second grand slam at the Australian Open in January Djokovic is world No. 2 to Rafael Nadal , who he has beaten in three finals this year
CNN  -- China has relaxed its strict birth-control restrictions for families that lost children in a mudslide that killed hundreds in the northwest last year , state media reported Friday . Women in the Zhouqu area who underwent procedures to prevent further pregnancies such as having their fallopian tubes tied can now have a free reverse operation , the state-run Xinhua News Agency reported . Liang Jianjun , head of Zhouqu 's family planning bureau , said women from 27 families have had such operations . "  Some of these women are pregnant now , " he is quoted as saying by Xinhua . China enforces a strict family-planning policy that limits most families in urban areas to only one child , although those in the countryside and certain ethnic areas are allowed more . In Zhouqu , rural families can have two children , while those in five Tibetan-dominated towns and villages can have three , Xinhua reported . The easing of government restrictions means families who lost children in the mudslide can now have more to fill the "  quotas , " a government official told the news service . The mudslide in August last year left more than 1,700 people dead or missing in Zhouqu County , in northwestern Gansu province , Xinhua said . Thousands of homes collapsed or were damaged in the disaster , which followed weeks of heavy rains and flooding . China 's three-decade-old population control policy is controversial . Some critics have urged Beijing to relax it , saying it has skewed China 's population and that better-off families have been able to bribe officials into allowing them more children .	Restrictions are eased so families that lost children can have more , Xinhua says Women are offered free operations to reverse birth-control procedures A mudslide last year in Zhouqu county left more than 1,700 people dead or missing China enforces strict family planning controls to limit its population growth
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- The most foolish argument I 've heard from the never-ending efforts to discourage young Nigerians from cybercrime is that money is n't everything . Well , lack is n't everything either . There 's also the equally common argument about integrity being worthier than wealth , as if a dichotomy must always exist between the two . No wonder the many 419 scammers -- for whom the specter of a destitute and unfulfilled future is a daily terror -- do n't appear ready to budge from their fraudulent ways . And so it was with a mixture of curiosity and skepticism that I attended an ` Alternatives to Cybercrime ' event organized by Microsoft and Paradigm Initiative Nigeria  PIN  . What new doctrine did the anti-cybercrime brigade have to preach this time ? My 419 scams-themed novel had earned me an invitation to address the audience of university and secondary school students . Another guest speaker was Adeolu Akinyemi , a young man who runs Street Skills , an organization that rehabilitates 419 scammers . The more he spoke , the more I found myself sitting straighter in my chair with rapt attention . No , he does n't warn the fraudsters against the ills of materialism or notify them that money does n't buy happiness . That grand sermon may wait until after they can afford three square meals a day . Adeolu 's method is to teach the young men how to use the same skills developed from years of diligently scamming hard currency from gullible Westerners , to make legitimate money online . Felix Ekpa , the very first case Adeolu worked with , was a successful 419 scammer between 2004 and 2007 . The 31-year-old now makes an honest living from various online businesses . I went searching for him after the event . "  I have been actively involved in network marketing for about three years and I daresay it is the shortest and fastest way to living the life of your dreams , " he told me . The former scammer also trades Forex in his spare time . Felix first contacted Adeolu in 2007 after coming across his blog which provided information on various online investment schemes . He was intrigued enough to contact Adeolu requesting a meeting . "  When we met , I was shocked to see someone of my age range , " he said . "  So it was easy for me to tell him my story and how I had been motivated by his write ups and how I was looking forward to change if he was going to help . " Under Adeolu 's tutelage , Felix eventually felt confident enough in his new line of work to completely abandon the old . Both men then decided to reach out to other scammers . Thus , Street Skills was born . Felix started by reaching out to the scammers he knew personally , his former colleagues . His experiences as a "  former street boy " now making money through legitimate means enabled him to get through to some of the scammers , he said . Today , Felix is Adeolu 's partner and the "  Lead Driver " of Street Skills . "  He heads the organization , and I play a support role , " Adeolu said , adding that his aim is to "  push " Felix as a positive role model , since he 's "  been there and done that . " Felix has also done some restitution , refunding his victims their swindled money . One of his former victims was shocked when he confessed that he had been scamming her all along . Then Felix promised to refund her the approximately $ 25,000 he swindled from her . He eventually sent an initial $ 1000 , followed by several other installments . "  She is now more of a family friend , as she is in touch with my family and friends till date , " he said . A brief survey of Nigeria 's 419 communities appears to present three distinct categories of scammers . The first are the pioneers of the late 80s and early 90s , common criminals who simply saw yet another opportunity to make a dishonest living . The second , mostly university graduates from decent backgrounds , were chance criminals who found respite from unemployment and hopelessness , in scamming . It did n't help that they had watched the first category scam their way to respectability and philanthropy . The third group had simply observed the second , and saw them as role models . Like their heroes , they also desired to ride fast cars , have assorted damsels perch on their arms and occupy prominent seats at public functions . Despite being well provided for by his family , university graduate Felix says he fell into this third category of criminals after observing the lavish display of wealth and big cars driven by "  small boys " in his area . "  I got curious , asked questions , and the adventurous side of me took over , " he said . "  I learned the game and got involved . It was fun and the easiest way to make real money . It was quite lucrative . " Street Skills says it currently has about 10 rehabilitated scammers that have found legitimate opportunities to fend for themselves and their families , there are also around 40 who they describe as "  work in progress . " But their vocation is certainly not a stroll in the park ; it takes patience to break into these networks and convince the scammers to opt for money-making opportunities that wo n't have them constantly looking over their shoulders . Those who eventually sign up for "  rehabilitation " are then followed up with seminars and training , where they are taught the basics of network marketing , entrepreneurship , e-books marketing and internet marketing till they actually start making money through the opportunities presented to them . Unfortunately , a lean purse has forced Street Skills to go from monthly group meetings to more one-on-one sessions , which Felix says are not as effective as group meetings . Most of the funding for the work they do comes from his and Adeolu 's pockets and he believes proper funding would allow them to set up more centers around Nigeria . But there is an increasing number of young people turning to email scams in the country . "  You 'd be shocked to learn that we have youth as young as 15 in the cybercafes , sending scam mails to unknowing victims . Some are in secondary schools , while some are not even educated , " Felix said . He believes a long-term solution is to provide these young people with alternative occupations . The world can continue to fight as hard as it will against 419 scams , but the 18 and 19-year-olds who troop to Nigerian cybercafes everyday in search of that one ignoramus americanus or britanus -- whose hard currency will transform their lives -- have more severe worries to contend with than fear of the FBI or Interpol . And until these idle youngsters find a better alternative to the work which Beelzebub has found for them , sadly , the world will know no rest from their torment .	Microsoft organized the ` Alternatives to Cybercrime ' event in Nigeria Adeolu Adewunmi founded Street Skills to rehab former "  419 " email scammers ' 419 ' scammers range from 15-year-olds to the university-educated
CNN  -- As a player who has won African and Olympic titles with Cameroon and Spanish league and Champions League titles with Barcelona as well as three African footballer of the year awards , Samuel Eto'o expects to command respect . Barcelona star Samuel Eto'o is one of a number of top footballers who have spoken out against racism . Yet Eto 's spectacular career in Spain , where his goalscoring prowess have made him one of the world 's most feared and admired strikers , has been punctuated by incidents in which he has been the victim of sickening racist abuse . Memorably , Eto'o started to walk off the pitch in protest during a match at Real Zaragoza in 2006 after being taunted by home supporters chanting monkey noises only to be persuaded to return by his Barcelona teammates and the club 's coach , Frank Rijkaard . "  I was leaving the field and if it was n't for Rijkaard , my teammates and the referee , I would have done it , " Eto'o recalls . "  In that moment you start thinking whether there is something wrong with being black , you know ? But I think we are all humans , everyone 's blood is the same color and we all have the same heart . I do n't see any differences in skin color . " While Spanish football 's reputation for sophistication and flair has made la Liga one of the most attractive and marketable competitions in world football , attitudes in the stands have not always kept apace with the cosmopolitanism on display on the pitch . Nor has positive leadership always come from the top . Real Zaragoza were fined just 9,000 euros  $ 13,800  for the abuse directed by their supporters at Eto'o . And in 2005 , the Spanish national coach Luis Aragones -- currently steering Spain through Euro 2008 -- was at the center of controversy when he used a racist slur to describe French striker Thierry Henry , now a teammate of Eto'o 's at Barcelona . Eto'o admits that racism is so widespread in Spain that he no longer dares take his family to matches . "  Racism can happen anywhere and I do n't want them to see it , " he told CNN . "  It 's a sad situation in football . In my opinion the problem is getting bigger and the people that should come up with a solution are not doing it . So to protect my family , I do n't take them to the game . " With black players regularly subjected to monkey chants in Spanish stadiums , Eto'o believes determined action is needed before verbal abuse spills over into physical violence . "  The authorities are working to find solutions . But they must find them . We ca n't wait until some crazy fan jumps from his seat and kills a black player before measures are taken . The players are revolted by it and we try to help each other . But the authorities must find a way to set an example . " One of the saddest aspects of racism in football is that many of those who participate in taunting colored players would never dream of behaving the same way on the street , at work or at home . But Eto'o fears attitudes in stadiums may reflect wider social attitudes which find expression amid the passion , emotion and anonymity of the football crowd "  Football stadiums are just a reflection of what is going on in society , " Eto'o says . "  Many times in stadiums people just feel more relaxed and say what they think when they 're somewhere else . " He believes the Spanish media has a key part to play in tackling racism in football , not just by highlighting incidents of abuse but in creating an environment in which racism in the stands is no longer quietly condoned . "  I do n't make the decisions , but something needs to be done . Right now , the media here pays attention to the incidents of racism , but does n't discuss solutions . That 's the tragedy . They use these images to create an impact rather than to identify racism as a problem and to urge people to find a solution . TV has a lot of weight on public opinion and what the industry must do is make people feel a social responsibility to stop this kind of behavior . "	Samuel Eto'o : "  We ca n't wait until some crazy fan kills a black player " Barcelona striker has endured regular racist taunting while playing in Spain Eto'o almost walked off during a match in 2006 because of sustained abuse He no longer allows family to come to games to protect them from racism
CNN  You log on to a website and place a rush order . Minutes later , your order is processed and boxed at a warehouse . Within an hour , a speck appears on the horizon . It 's an unmanned aerial vehicle -- commonly called a UAV or a drone -- and it 's coming to deliver your order right to your front door . It sounds like science fiction , but it 's reality -- in fact , it happened this month in China , where e-commerce giant Alibaba launched a limited pilot program using UAVs to deliver to customers who ordered a specific brand of tea . No one can say for sure whether drone delivery of consumer goods will become anything close to common . But it should concern every American when other nations are on the cutting edge of new technology and the United States is lagging behind . Drone technology is literally taking off all across the world . Foreign governments have quickly embraced its potential and have passed safety rules allowing a diverse array of commercial users to operate UAVs . Alibaba experimenting with drones for delivery is just one high-profile example of UAVs ' possibility . Already , UAVs are used to help increase crop yields on farms and to inspect wind turbines , power lines and offshore drill flares . The possible applications for UAVs in the future seem constrained only by the limits of human creativity . But the United States has fallen behind in the race to explore where this new technology can take us . A big reason why is that we have been slow to adopt rules of the road for drones to address the understandable concerns some have over how best to guarantee safety and protect privacy . Indeed , safety and privacy are paramount and must be addressed in a comprehensive manner . Yet while other countries acted quickly to do so -- in some instances , years ago -- the commercial use of drones in the United States has remained illegal with the exception of a small handful of commercial users who have successfully filed for waivers at the Federal Aviation Administration . At long last , this weekend , the FAA announced a proposed regulatory framework that would permit the commercial use of UAVs . Additionally , the Obama administration released a presidential memorandum outlining rules of the road for drone privacy . I 'm pleased they have finally acted with these initial steps . Unfortunately , they are long overdue , and the pace of rule setting is inhibiting America 's competitiveness in the UAV technology race . For us to remain globally competitive , there 's not a moment to spare : The FAA should fast-track the approval of these safety regulations and privacy protections . Until then , we 'll diminish our ability to develop a potential economic driver -- and develop applications that could change the way we look at and solve some big problems . Imagine a firefighter using a UAV to gain a bird 's - eye view of emergencies and use that new perspective to contain flames better . Or officials using a UAV to increase the efficiency of search and rescue operations for missing persons . Or American-made UAVs enabling the delivery of supplies such as medicine to remote , impoverished villages in the developing world , better enabling us to track and prevent diseases such as tuberculosis and Ebola . For people in every corner of our rapidly changing planet , new technology is a powerful tool for economic empowerment and social mobility . Whether it 's a UAV or something yet unimagined , emerging technologies are transforming the way the world works in the 21st century , providing businesses , individuals and governments with potentially game-changing opportunities . America should embrace opportunities such as these , not sit on the sidelines as other countries reap the benefits of pro-innovation policies . As technology advances rapidly , government must pick up the pace and catch up . If we do n't , the United States risks forfeiting our position as the world 's technology leader .	Sen. Cory Booker : Drone technology is literally taking off all across the world America should embrace the opportunities , Booker says
Army , paramilitary and police troops have intensified counter-insurgency operations in Assam in the wake of Tuesday 's tribal militant raid , which left at least 72 people killed in India 's remote tea-producing state , a defense spokesman said . "  The army is going out with full intensity , " Lt. Col. Suneet Newton , an Indian military spokesman from Assam , told CNN Friday . Army-led joint operations have been scaled up in all troubled districts of the state , including Kokrahar and Sonitpur , where Bodo extremists carried out a series of deadly attacks on other tribal communities earlier this week , Newton said . Meantime , federal authorities have despatched 5,000 additional armed police to Assam , according to state Inspector General S.N. Singh . At least 72 people were killed in the assault by Bodo militants on Tuesday , Singh said . Separately , three people died when police fired at violent mobs trying to storm a police station in Sonitpur district on Wednesday , Singh told CNN . On Thursday , Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh termed the militant strike in Assam a "  massacre " as he vowed to pursue what he called a "  time-bound action against terror . " He also ruled out talks with outfits indulging in "  cold-blooded murder , " according to a home ministry statement . As part of anti-insurgent efforts in Assam , India said it was also reaching out to its eastern neighbors for assistance . India 's seven northeastern states are wedged between China , Bhutan , Myanmar and Bangladesh , and reports have emerged that Bodo militants might be hiding out beyond Indian territory . Sushma Swaraj , India 's external-affairs minister , already has contacted the Bhutanese leadership "  at the highest level , " spokesman Syed Akbaruddin told reporters in New Delhi . "  We are also working on having contacts with others who could possibly help us in this matter . Once that is completed , I will share those details with you , " Akbaruddin said . India 's impoverished northeast region , where Assam is located , has a high concentration of extremist groups from different backgrounds with conflicting ethnic and political interests . Members of the Bodo tribe , an indigenous group , have fought for decades for political autonomy . They also have long-standing tensions with Muslim settlers in Assam . But on Tuesday they attacked members of non-Assamese tribal people who have lived in the state since before India got independence in 1947 , Inspector General S.N. Singh said .	India reaching out to neighboring nations for assistance as it pursues militants "  The army is going out with full intensity , " an Indian military spokesman tells CNN At least 72 people were killed in the assault by Bodo militants on Tuesday Home minister has ruled out talks with outfits indulging in "  cold-blooded murder "
CNN  -- Keeping a sense of mystery is 2014 's definition of sexy , at least according to Esquire magazine . The men 's publication has named Penelope Cruz , one of Hollywood 's most notoriously private stars , as this year 's "  Sexiest Woman Alive . " Cruz follows in the footsteps of previous winners like Scarlett Johansson , Mila Kunis and Rihanna . But being the newly crowned "  Sexiest Woman Alive " has n't made Cruz any more revealing . She has one drama , "  Ma ma , " set to bow this year in Spain , and is filming the comedy "  Grimsby " with Sacha Baron Cohen and Isla Fisher . The Oscar winner was tight-lipped about both projects with Esquire and was similarly elusive about her relationship with fellow actor Javier Bardem . The couple tied the knot in 2010 and now have a 3-year-old son and a 1-year-old daughter , but neither star has been eager to share details of parenthood . "  That is for us , " Cruz explained to Esquire , adding that her family 's the reason you do n't often see her in the public eye . As far as her new title of "  Sexiest Woman Alive , " Cruz was just as tight-lipped . She feels more "  like a mother who does n't get enough sleep , " Esquire says , than the magazine 's newest title-holder . But on the other hand , "  assume a virtue , if you have it not . " What do you think of Esquire 's choice ? Tweet @CNNent or tell us on Facebook .	Penelope Cruz is Esquire magazine 's Sexiest Woman Alive The actress is notoriously private She declined to talk about her projects and family
"  Metal Gear " series creator Hideo Kojima is renowned for his Hollywood-style video games , but critics say they leave little room for players to roam . Maybe he 's listening , because Kojima plans to go in a new direction with his next big project . "  The kind of game I 'm making is some game that has a very wide entrance , a very open entrance , " Kojima said through a translator in a phone interview with CNN last week . "  Rather than making something very cinematic , -LSB- I plan to -RSB- make something very free . " Among gamers worldwide , and especially in Japan where Kojima Productions and publisher Konami are based , Kojima is treated like a rock star . Often dressed in a slick leather jacket , he gets swarmed by fans at conventions , and people pick apart his every word and tweet for clues about the next secret-agent action game in the "  Metal Gear " series . One such Twitter frenzy broke out a few days ago when Kojima posted pictures from a mysterious war game to his 131,000 followers . He wrote that the images demonstrate some of the advancements made in game-development software , made by his team , that allow for translucent clothing , realistic dust particles and other fancy effects . The pictures are set in a sandy , mountainous region , perhaps somewhere in the Middle East , with soldiers and tanks . They do not look quite like a "  Metal Gear " game , which have led many fans to speculate that this is the first peek at Kojima 's next big thing . Kojima has called his upcoming game Project Ogre . In the interview , he described it as being set in a very open world where players can wander around and explore freely . Players should still be able to find new sights and worthwhile adventures after having played the game for as many as 100 hours , he said . By contrast , recent "  Metal Gear " games have followed very linear paths , going back to the original on the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1987 . For example , "  Metal Gear Solid 4 " for the PlayStation 3 takes players from Afghanistan to Alaska in a lengthy , action-packed , professionally narrated story , but there is little room to stray from the trail . People do not quite know what to expect from "  Metal Gear Rising : Revengeance , " next year 's game , which was developed by an outside studio with less direction from Kojima . In a recent interview with the UK 's Official PlayStation Magazine , Kojima described Project Ogre 's tone as "  subdued , " and the experience as similar on the surface but essentially different from his past projects . Project Ogre will not be completed for some time , and Kojima will continue to produce other games , he said .	"  Metal Gear " creator Hideo Kojima is working on a less cinematic game His games are praised for being like movies but criticized for their rigidness Screenshots show a war game set in a sandy , mountainous region
CNN  -- Five Guantanamo prisoners accused in the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks on the U.S. staunchly defended their actions , calling the operation "  blessed " and "  great " and the accusations against them "  badges of honor . " Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is shown in a courtroom sketch at Guantanamo Bay in January . "  You are the last nation that has the right to speak about civilians and killing civilians , " the five said in a response this month to the U.S. government 's war crimes charges . "  You are professional criminals , with all the meaning the words carry , " the response said . "  Therefore , we will treat you the same . We will attack you , just like you have attacked us , and whomever initiated the attacks is the guilty party . " The six-page response from Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who plotted the attacks , and four others castigates the actions of the United States and its allies in the Middle East and calls the United States "  the terrorist country number one in the world . " The military commission set up to hear the men 's cases at the Guantanamo Bay inmate facility received the signed document Thursday , and a military judge ordered its release on Monday . The five are members of the al Qaeda terror network . Mohammed , who has taken credit for planning the attack , and the four other prisoners call themselves members of the 9/11 Shura Council . "  With regards to these nine accusations that you are putting us on trial for ; to us , they are not accusations . To us they are badges of honor , which we carry with pride . Many thanks to God , for his kind gesture , and choosing us to perform the act of Jihad for his cause and to defend Islam and Muslims , " the response stated . Reacting to the charges of "  attacking civilians , " "  attacking civilian objects " and "  deliberately causing grave bodily harm , " the five asked who really pursued such actions . "  Is it us , or is it you ? " It ties the United States to attacks in "  Palestine and Lebanon by providing political , military , and economic support to the terrorist state of Israel , which in turn , is attacking unarmed innocent civilians . " It also noted American actions in Iraq and the dropping of atomic bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 . As for "  crimes in violation of the law of war , " it cites Israeli occupation of Palestinian and Lebanese land and the displacement of Palestinians , the occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan and the mistreatment of prisoners at places such as the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq . Answering another accusation , hijacking and/or endangering a vessel or an aircraft , the five said , "  if you do not respect the innocent in our countries , then we will do the same , by exposing you to danger and hijacking in the air , at sea and at land . " Quranic verses were cited in the filing , and the men underscored their defense of "  oppressed " Muslims . "  Our religion is a religion of fear and terror to the enemies of God : the Jews , Christians and pagans . With God 's willing , we are terrorists to the bone . " It also predicts that the United States "  will fall , politically , militarily and economically . " "  Your end is very near and your fall will be just as the fall of the towers on the blessed 9/11 day , " the court filing said . "  We ask from God to accept our contributions to the great attack , the great attack on America , and to place our nineteen martyred brethren among the highest peak in paradise , " the response said , in reference to the al Qaeda militants who hijacked the airplanes that crashed into the World Trade Center 's twin towers in New York , the Pentagon in Washington , and a field in Pennsylvania . Nearly 3,000 people were killed in the attacks .	U.S. war crime accusations are "  badges of honor , " five al Qaeda prisoners say Statement asks God to "  accept our contributions to the ... great attack on America " "  Your fall will be just as the fall of the towers on the blessed 9/11 day , " filing says
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court issued arrest warrants Monday for Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and two of his relatives . ICC Judge Sanji Mmasenono Monageng read aloud the decision to issue warrants for Gadhafi , his son Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , and his brother-in-law Abdullah al-Sanussi . Saif Al-Islam Gadhafi is a close adviser to his father . His arrest warrant came two days after his 39th birthday . Al-Sanussi serves as Gadhafi 's head of intelligence . The warrants are "  for crimes against humanity , " including murder and persecution , "  allegedly committed across Libya " from February 15 through "  at least " February 28 , "  through the state apparatus and security forces , " the court said in a news release . In Misrata , where fighting has raged , a crowd cheered Monday following the news from the court . The announcement at The Hague came as fighting inside Libya inched closer to the capital . A rebel fighter , Hassan al-Jiwali , told CNN that rebel forces were 80 kilometers  50 miles  from Tripoli on Monday . Libya is not a signatory to the Rome Statute that established the international court 's authority , and the court does not have the power to enter Libya and arrest the leaders . Many of those cheering in Misrata saw the news as a sign that the world recognizes the conduct that rebels say Gadhafi 's regime has been engaged in . The three-judge Pre-Trial Chamber I at The Hague found "  reasonable grounds to believe that the three suspects committed the alleged crimes and that their arrests appear necessary in order to ensure their appearances before the court , " the announcement said . The court also believes the warrants are needed to ensure that the three men "  do not continue to obstruct and endanger the court 's investigations ; and to prevent them from using their powers to continue the commission of crimes within the jurisdiction of the court . " The U.N. Security Council referred the matter to the ICC through a resolution February 26 , following widespread complaints about Gadhafi 's efforts to crush a rebellion . The resolution said that , while "  states not party to the Rome Statute have no obligations under the statute , the Security Council urged all states and concerned regional and other international organisations to cooperate fully with the court and the prosecutor . " Gadhafi 's backers rejected the court 's authority . "  This court is nothing but a cover to the military operations of NATO , " said Libyan Justice Minister Mohammed Al Qamod . "  It is merely a political tool for exerting pressure and political blackmail against sovereign countries . " Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khalid Ka'eem offered a similar view : "  Both the international criminal court and the chief prosecutor have neither the legal competence nor the moral compass in any way to pass judgment on anyone , let alone the Libyan people , " he said . White House spokesman Jay Carney said the warrant for Gadhafi is another indication that the Libyan leader "  has lost his validity . " "  it 's another step in the process of holding him accountable , " Carney told reporters . The United Nations issued a statement Monday about the arrest warrants , noting that "  hundreds of people are confirmed to have been killed since opposition forces rose up against the regime of Mr. Gadhafi in February as part of a wider pro-democracy movement across North Africa and the Middle East . " The European Union said it "  fully supports " the court and underscores that the court 's Libya investigation "  is an independent judicial process which must be fully respected . " Not everyone was cheering the news . Michael Rubin , an analyst with the conservative American Enterprise Institute , said the court 's move could damage efforts to get Gadhafi to end his 42-year reign , because he would not seek refuge in a country that is a party or signatory to the Rome Statute . "  The ICC 's arrest warrant symbolizes the dirty underside of international law , " Rubin said . "  While the ICC makes itself feel good and diplomats can chatter about their commitment to international law , the fact of the matter is their action takes off the table any possibility that Gadhafi could flee to a retirement haven outside Libya . In effect , the ICC arrest warrant tells Gadhafi to fight to the death . " Most African countries are parties or signatories to the Rome statute . The ICC website lists a total of 47 non-signatories in the world , 13 of them in Africa and the Middle East . Ali Ahmida , an analyst at the University of New England who was born in Libya , said the ICC decision "  complicates " the matter . "  Since last week , things were heating up toward an exit strategy for Gadhafi and his sons , either inside or outside Libya in another African country , " Ahmida said . Some rebel leaders in the Transitional National Council said they would consider allowing Gadhafi to stay inside Libya , and both sides were starting to indicate a compromise was possible , Ahmida said . But now , the regime "  may circle the wagons a little more , " and Gadhafi will think , " ` I 'm a hunted criminal and should pursue civil war to the end , ' " Ahmida said . While the ICC decision is justified , Ahmida said , cynics in the region will ask why Gadhafi was selected and not others . "  Why not  former Egyptian President Hosni  Mubarak ? Why not  former Tunisian President Zine El-Abidine Ben  Ali ? " Mubarak and Ali both gave up power following protests in their countries . "  The court is selecting some dictators to indict , and being silent about others . That may be the biggest issue for the court , " Ahmida said . When asked about those suggestions , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the United States "  believes that the decision to refer the case to the ICC was the right decision ; that the ICC has spoken now about the need for justice and accountability . With regard to whether this hurts or helps , it does n't change the fact that Gadhafi 's got to take the message that it 's time to go . " The issue of Libyan casualties led the U.N. Security Council to adopt a resolution in March authorizing force by whatever means necessary , with the exception of a ground invasion , to protect civilians . NATO began bombing military targets a short time later . The International Criminal Court action comes a day after the African Union announced Gadhafi will not be part of its next attempt to map out a peace deal in Libya . It was unclear who would represent the Libyan government in negotiations , or when negotiations might occur . Journalists were not allowed to ask questions following Sunday 's meeting of the African Union 's special committee on Libya in Pretoria , South Africa . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse , Yousuf Basil and Ingrid Formanek contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This court is nothing but a cover to the military operations of NATO , " says Libyan official White House spokesman calls it another sign Gadhafi "  has lost his validity " State Department spokeswoman says Gadhafi must realize "  it 's time to go " Libya-born U.S. analyst says Gadhafi will now think he should fight until the end
Bangkok  CNN  -- It 's a life experience nobody would want to endure -- attending your child 's funeral . But that 's what some parents have had to do in Thailand in recent days , as the country 's anti-government unrest has taken an increasingly ugly , more violent turn with children killed or injured , their tiny bodies maimed and turned lifeless by shrapnel or gunshots . A six-year-old-girl , a four-year-old boy and a woman of about 40 died when a grenade detonated at an anti-government rally outside a shopping mall in the Ratchaprasong area of Bangkok . A five-year-old girl was killed by a stray bullet when attackers opened fire on an anti-government demonstration in eastern Trat province . The two youngsters in the capital were siblings , the children of a working-class family . The father , Thayakorn Yotubon , works as a personal assistant and driver -- he told me he spent every single night with his children and would never leave them alone . In one of the photographs at his children 's funeral , the little girl , nicknamed by her family as "  Cake , "  the brother was known as "  Kane "  is wearing a t-shirt that says "  I love Papa . " "  She asked me to buy it for her to wear on Fathers ' Day , " he told me , tears rolling down his face . Special day out The day they were caught in the attack was a special day out because their aunt was visiting from out of town . She had brought Cake , Kane and her son out for a treat to the local shopping mall . They were waiting for a tuk-tuk -- a rickshaw taxi -- when a grenade was thrown into the crowds close to an anti-government rally outside the mall . Cake and Kane died from their injuries . Their cousin , who is 8-years old , is in critical condition in a hospital . We found his small , blood-drenched baseball cap at the scene . I have been covering the Thai unrest story from various protest sites , especially outside government buildings , but this time it was at the funeral of two young children . As we looked on and filmed , I questioned if we should be there -- if we should be filming their grief . But the family invited the cameras in . They did n't stop us and all spoke to my team . Despite my moment of doubt , I knew this was an important aspect of this whole story that needs to be shown to those involved . As Thayakorn so clearly put it : "  My kids were just children , sweet children . They were too young , they should not have done this to them ... They were just innocent children , they had nothing to do with this  political issue  . " What 's behind the Thai unrest ? Their mother seated towards the back , was unable to bring herself to lift her head , wipe away her tears or talk to those sitting beside her . I watched as she was helped to her feet by family members , helping her take each shaky step towards her children 's bodies . "  These are not my children , " she cried . "  They do n't look like that . " Children 's bodies Her children were laid out with their bodies bandaged and stitched together , their faces without expression , without the joy and happiness their father described to me . "  They were happy , innocent and sensitive kids , " said Thayakorn . "  They loved to be around us -- their mum and dad all the time . They were sweet kids . " This was a Buddhist ceremony . During the last rites , family members pour water through the person 's hands to symbolize the return of the body to the elements . But these hands were far too tiny , far too angelic , delicate and innocent to be there . I watched as the mother struggled to perform the ceremony . She could n't look at their faces -- she would n't look -- unable to accept or bear the burden of this loss . Even the Buddhist monk appeared lost for words as he looked on . I have been told that Buddhist funerals in Thailand are often somber events , with little emotion and outward shows of grief . But the passing of two innocent children in such circumstances was too much for all in attendance . Family members and friends were so distraught they could not utter words of condolence or comfort to ease the mother and father 's pain . And when the father came to perform the rituals -- he dropped to his knees , talking to his children . Crying out in disbelief : "  You were too young to die . " In this corner of the capital , at least one family had paid too high a price for the political turmoil sweeping across the country .	Brother and sister killed in grenade attack at shopping mall in Bangkok Latest act of violence as anti-government protests in Thai turn more violent Father : They were just innocent children , they had nothing to do with this  political issue
CNN  -- A series of anti-terror raids helped foil an assassination attempt on the Indonesian president by militants , the national police chief said Friday . "  Based from our investigation and the confessions of arrested terrorist suspects , we know that their target was to assassinate the president  Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono  and other high-ranking state officials and guests , " said Chief Bambang Danuri , the indonesian police chief . Indonesian police conducted a series of raids in recent months on groups suspected of having ties to al Qaeda Aceh , a militant Islamic organization that has operated a training camp in the majority-Muslim Indonesian province of Aceh . Police have killed 13 suspected terrorists and arrested 71 others since February , and have confiscated scores of weapons and ammunition for AK-47s and M-16 rifles . Al Qaeda Aceh is an offshoot of Jemaah Islamiyah , the group behind the deadly 2002 bomb attacks on Bali and a pair of 2009 bombings at Western hotels in Jakarta . Police also learned that a recently-raided militant camp had been headed by Dulmatin , the suspected terrorist behind the Bali bombings who was killed by Indonesian police in March . "  This discovery signifies that the terrorist groups have changed their tactics from bombing to armed attacks , " the police chief said . CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	Police say Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was target Police raids target groups suspected of having ties to al Qaeda Aceh Police have killed 13 suspected terrorists , arrested 71 others since February
CNN  -- Yemeni officials on Tuesday downplayed rumors that next month 's presidential elections in Yemen would be delayed , the same day U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton faulted the Yemeni president for failing to fulfill his commitment to leave the country . Any delay in the elections are unacceptable by all standards , senior officials in Vice President Abdurabu Hadi 's office said . The statement comes after Yemen 's foreign minister hinted that presidential elections could be delayed due to the rising tension in the country . "  I am among those who hope that  the presidential election  will take place in the planned manner , " Abubakr al-Qirbi said in an interview on al-Arabiya TV on Tuesday . "  But unfortunately , there are a couple of events relating to security , and if they are not solved ... it will be difficult to run the elections on February 21 . " Hadi 's office called Qirbi 's comments unnecessary . Yahya al-Arasi , media officer for the vice president , told CNN that elections are essential for Yemen and the vice president has no plans to delay elections under any circumstance . "  It 's unrealistic and unacceptable to delay the presidential elections , " al-Arasi said . He added , "  If elections are delayed , Yemen will again start from step one , and the unexpected would take place . " CNN contacted Qirbi 's office and they assured that his comments come independently and not in favor of any certain political faction in the country . Hadi is expected to win the country 's February 21 elections . Qirbi 's announcement also raised fears within opposition groups that President Ali Abdullah Saleh is again using tactics to stay in power . Under the terms of a Gulf Cooperation Council-brokered deal , Saleh has agreed to step down as president on February 21 in exchange for immunity from prosecution . "  We regret that the president has thus far failed to comply with his own commitments to leave the country and to permit elections to go forward , that could give the people a chance to be heard and be represented , " Secretary of State Clinton told reporters . Speaking in the Ivory Coast , she also addressed why what happens in Yemen is significant to regional stability . "  We remain focused on the threat posed by al Qaeda in Yemen , and we 'll continue to work with our partners there and elsewhere to ensure that al Qaeda does not gain a foothold in the Arabian Peninsula through actions that would undermine the stability of Yemen and the region , " she said . Meanwhile , Mohammed Abu Lahoum , president of the opposition Justice and Building party said any call for delaying the elections is unwise . He said that delaying the presidential elections would only deepen the Yemeni crisis . "  Delaying the presidential elections is completely against the GCC power transfer and will delay any sort of stability to Yemen , " said Abu Lahoum . Analysts are worried that Saleh is seeking to delay the elections to buy him more time in power . "  The GCC power transfer signing was delayed six times in 2011 , and Saleh benefited the most from the delays . For Saleh , it 's never really over , " said Ali Abdul Jabbar , director of the Sana'a based Dar Ashraf Reaserch Center . Abdul Jabbar said that Saleh was hoping to control Yemen indirectly after stepping down from power , but the tension between him and Hadi made that impossible . "  Saleh will do all that in his power to derail the elections for as long as he can . He has everything to lose , " he said . The U.N.-backed power transition plan was signed in November and designed after more than a year of political and economic unrest . The election planned for net month will put an end to Saleh 's 33 years in power .	NEW : Clinton says the Yemeni president has "  failed to comply with his own commitments " The foreign minister had hinted at an election delay Some accuse President Saleh of delaying power transfer
CNN  -- Authorities and residents in rural Ohio searched Saturday for two women and two children who have been missing for several days . Blood was found in the Howard home of Tina Herrmann , 32 , and her children Sarah Maynard , 13 , and Kody Maynard , 10 , Knox County Sheriff David Barber said Friday . Herrmann 's friend , Stephanie Sprang , 41 , is also missing . The sheriff described their disappearance as a missing persons case . "  Detectives are interviewing family members , friends and acquaintances , " Barber told CNN affiliate WBNS on Saturday . "  Right now , there is no indication that they were abducted . " Herrmann failed to report to work at a Dairy Queen in Mount Vernon , in central Ohio , on Wednesday . A deputy came twice to the house and saw Herrmann 's pickup truck . Lights were on in the house , but no one answered the door , Barber said . "  There were no signs of anything out of place , " he said . A Dairy Queen manager entered the home on Thursday and discovered the blood . "  There is blood in the house . There is a sign of injury to a person or persons , " Barber said Friday . Herrmann 's truck was discovered Thursday night near Kenyon College in Gambier , he said . On Friday morning , the college lifted a lockdown it had put in place late Thursday "  as a precaution because of concerns that a person of interest in the disappearances might have been on campus . " The children were in school Wednesday , but not Thursday , the sheriff said . Sprang 's vehicle was found at Herrmann 's house , he added . State and federal agencies are assisting in the search , happening about 60 miles northeast of Columbus . Larry Maynard , the father of the children , spoke with WBNS . "  I am expecting the worst , hoping for the best , " he said . Barber said Herrmann 's live-in boyfriend , Greg Borders , will be interviewed . Borders is not considered a suspect or person of interest , the sheriff said . Borders told WBNS that he left for work early Wednesday and then spent the night at a friend 's house in Urbana , Ohio . Borders said he would never hurt Herrmann or her children . He told CNN affiliate WSYX he had recently broken up with Herrmann but still lived in her home . Messages left Saturday afternoon for Barber were not immediately returned . Members of the close-knit community were gathering at a prayer service Saturday evening . "  There 's a lot of anxiety , " about the four people 's fate , " said Pastor Todd Miller of Amity-Apple Valley Baptist Church in Mount Vernon , about five miles from Howard . "  I do n't think anyone is trying to speculate . " Kody Maynard has attended the church with a friend , Miller told CNN . "  He is very nice , very polite and quiet . " Members of the church spent eight hours Saturday assisting in the search , the pastor said . "  It has touched our church , " he said . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Mother , her two children and an adult friend are missing in Ohio Blood found in house , but sheriff would not provide details Community holds prayer service for the four
CNN  -- It could have been the premise of a "  Modern Family " episode : Three cast members get stuck in an elevator and joke about it on Twitter . Eric Stonestreet , Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Julie Bowen were visiting Stonestreet 's hometown of Kansas City , Missouri , when their crowded hotel elevator stopped short of the third floor , according to CNN affiliate KCTV . "  I honestly handled being stuck in an elevator for 50min better than I thought , " tweeted Stonestreet . "  All @jessetyler did was pass wind . " The actors tweeted a photo of themselves in the elevator , and Ferguson also posted a short video at the 35-minute mark of the whole elevator shouting "  Get us out ! " Kansas City firemen eventually came to the rescue and got everyone out with a ladder around 10 p.m. Friday , KCTV reported . "  Finally made it out of the stuck elevator at the one hour mark . At least the firemen in K.C. are cute , " tweeted Ferguson . The trio later visited Stonestreet 's childhood home . As Bowen and Ferguson walked out , Stonestreet pelted them with a snowball . "  Apparently this is how you say bye in Kansas City , " Bowen tweeted . Ferguson and Stonestreet play partners Mitchell and Cameron on the Emmy-winning ABC sitcom . Bowen plays Mitchell 's sister , Claire .	Eric Stonestreet , Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Julie Bowen got stuck It happened on a visit to Kansas City , Missouri They were stuck for an hour before firemen rescued them
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- At least 441 people have died in floods in India from this season 's monsoon rains , federal authorities said in their latest report . An Indian child plays in a flooded street in Mumbai earlier this month . Flooding has affected more than 1.5 million people in parts of India , said the disaster management division of the federal home ministry . The country 's main weather office has warned of more heavy rain in western and central parts of India . Monsoon rains sweep across the subcontinent from June till September . Though they bring much-needed relief to often-parched farmlands , they also leave a trail of landslides , home collapses and floods that can kill . In neighboring Pakistan , torrential monsoon rains left more than three dozen people dead and broke a 32-year record over the weekend . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	7 die as bus carrying 40 passengers sinks in overflowing canal in eastern India 7-year-old girl and her mother among the dead Bus driver ignored warnings from his passengers about flooding in canal
Caledonia , Michigan  CNN  Ben and Shelby Offrink met in college . It was n't the most romantic setting -- a study group for calculus-based physics -- but Ben managed to turn it into a story worth telling by cheating . "  I set up a study group and ended up telling the other people not to come so it would be just the two of us , " said Ben with a smile . "  He was sneaky , " says Shelby . "  Yeah , I wanted to meet her , " says Ben , "  and that was the best way I could figure out . " Fast-forward eight years to 2014 . Ben , now 34 , and Shelby , a newly minted 30-year-old , were married and raising little Maeve , 3 , and baby Hazel , 3 months , in Caledonia , Michigan , when life suddenly turns upside down . "  I thought it was sciatica , " Shelby says of the back pain and the "  odd " feeling that prompted her to go to the hospital . "  But I could n't get the doctors in the ER to pay attention . So I went back the next day and told them that I was incontinent , and they did an MRI and there it was . " "  It " turned out to be an intramedullary glioblastoma , a highly aggressive form of brain cancer . Shelby 's version was extremely rare because it was lodged in her spine instead of her brain . "  So it 's actually tangled into the spinal cord itself , " Ben explains . "  If you 'd imagine a meatball inside of bunch of spaghetti , you ca n't just easily take it out without damaging a bunch of the spinal cord itself . " Surgery removed 75 % . The rest was treated with a combination of oral chemo and radiation . But suddenly a second spot above the first grew worse and the area of radiation had to be broadened . After a week of treatment , Shelby suddenly lost feeling in her legs . Unfortunately , the numbness became permanent . Before long , Shelby was paralyzed from the belly button down . But that did n't stop her fighting spirit or her sense of humor . Shelby nicknamed her tumors and decided to "  terminate " them . "  You pronounce it as ` tumah tumah-nator , ' " Ben says . "  Like how Arnold Schwarzenegger would say it if he had a tumor . " As Shelby continued to fight and improve , in August 2014 , Ben got some terrible news . The Hodgkins lymphoma he had fought and battled into remission when he was 20 had reappeared . And it probably had been hiding in his body for a few years , making it extremely hard to overcome . "  I thought it was never a concern again , " Ben says . "  The procedures I went through , having a bone marrow transplant , I thought there would n't be any issues . It 's been over 15 years . It caught everyone completely off guard . " Ben was slated for a clinical trial with an experimental drug , but his alkaline phosphate levels were too high to meet the requirements . With no other options in the Grand Rapids , Ann Arbor or Detroit areas , he is now on generalized chemotherapy , hoping it will force the cancer into remission so he can undergo a bone marrow transplant . Two donors have been found that are a perfect match , if the cancer will respond . "  As it goes on , they are saying it 's getting harder and harder to treat , " he says . "  It 's just like a car picking up speed . Eventually you 're going to have 5 million cells , it 's just going to keep growing and growing . " Suddenly , both parents were undergoing the nausea , fatigue and discomfort of chemotherapy while trying to raise two small children . "  Some days it does feel like a battle , " Ben admits . "  The days you are feeling absolutely horrible you do n't even want to get out of bed , but you know you have to because you have to take care of the girls or help Shelby . Some days it 's just way tougher than others . " Friends and family became critical to the family 's success , taking over updates to the family 's online journal , and running fundraisers for medical expenses and building supplies to make the house wheelchair-friendly . "  We 'd had an amazing support group , " Ben says . "  Shelby has friends from high school who will drop everything to help us out at a moment 's notice . And the community , it 's just amazing for people to help that much . " "  Even outside of our community , people we do n't even know , " adds Shelby , wiping a tear from her eye . "  We 've had care packages sent from Ireland , Sweden and Australia . It means a lot . " This January came the worst news yet . Shelby 's cancer , which had retreated from her spine , suddenly appeared in her brain . Three tumors . Inoperable . What is Shelby 's reaction ? "  I 'm not giving up , " she says . "  Ben and I have a long road ahead of us . We know it 's going to be hard , but we 're going to do it . " "  For me it 's just something that you have to do , " Ben says . "  You have to fight it and you have to beat it because there is no option . " Maeve , who is 4 years old now , and Hazel , 1 , will have a home with Ben 's brother if the worst is to happen , and friends are setting up fundraisers for the girls ' education . But that 's not the focus of Ben and Shelby 's fight . They want to get well . "  Yeah , we have two little ladies we have to take care of , " Shelby says , "  and lots of family and friends that care about us . " "  She 's not just doing it for herself , she 's doing it for her whole family , especially her girls and her husband , Ben , " said Jay Tomczak , Shelby 's older brother . "  She 's not going to ever give up . What we really need is hope . " The Offrinks would like help finding clinical trials to address the rare cancers they are fighting , as well as access to cancer centers with more advanced techniques than are available in Michigan . "  We 're going to get all of our information and would like to go to Harvard or Mayo  Clinic  or places where maybe they do have more experience , and act in a shorter time frame , " Shelby says . "  If , right now , we can find two or three trials that maybe Shelby can get into , or a trial drug for me to try instead of the path I 'm on right now , it could definitely benefit us , " adds Ben . "  We just ca n't wait , " Shelby says . Her prognosis is about six months , she says , and a year for her husband . "  Never give up , because there 's no reason to . Just keep fighting , " Shelby says . She breaks into tears : "  Especially when you have someone special to fight for and everyone has someone special to fight for -- there 's no one who does n't . "	UPDATE : Shelby Offrink lost her battle to cancer on June 28 , 2015 Offrink was diagnosed at 30 with rare inoperable brain cancer Her husband , Ben , was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma , which had been in remission 15 years
Beijing  CNN  -- China on Thursday launched its first space laboratory module , marking another step upward for its space program . "  We must soberly recognize that China 's space-station technology is still in its initial stage , compared to those of the U.S. and Russia , " said a commentary from the state-run Xinhua News Agency . "  But the launch of Tiangong-1 is the beginning of China 's efforts to narrow the gap . " China-watchers agree . "  The test reflects China 's technological advances , funded by its rapid economic growth and facilitated by the military 's ballistic missile program , " says Taylor Fravel , associate professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology  MIT  . The unmanned space-lab is an 8-ton module named Tiangong-1 , or "  Heavenly Palace . " That 's what the Chinese called outer space in ancient times . Tiangong-1 is designed to stay in space for two years and is expected to dock with an unmanned spacecraft in November . China launches first space docking mission The rendezvous next month will be the true test of the mission , experts say . "  Docking is necessary for the development of a space station , which is China 's long-term objective , " says Fravel . China needs to master this docking technique to be able to build its own manned space station by around 2020 . It also hopes to send a man to the moon and even explore Mars , bringing it in the same league as the United States as a superpower in space . For Beijing , this week 's launch is more than a space mission . It is meant to boost national pride and prestige . "  It is no coincidence that the launch of Tiangong-1 occurs just before October 1 , " says MIT 's Fravel , referring to China 's National Day holiday , when the People 's Republic was officially established in 1949 . "  I am very proud of our space program , " exudes a visitor at Beijing Planetarium . "  Spending on the space program is very necessary to advance science and technology in our country , " says another . China also hopes to reap other benefits . Space missions , experts say , spur technological and scientific breakthroughs in such fields as electronics , computer , engineering , materials and other industries . There are military and electronic-intelligence applications too . And of course , the economic dividends are lucrative . Glitch-less space launches are a publicity bonanza for China 's satellite-launch industry , which is already a huge money-making business . China 's modern-day space ambitions date back to 1970 , when it catapulted the country 's first satellite into orbit . I remember how over the years the Chinese proudly spoke of that breakthrough , bragging that the small space module even transmitted the revolutionary tune "  East Is Red " as it circled the Earth . But hardly anyone considered China as a serious player in space exploration . Over the years , China has been catching up , pumping enormous sums of money and resources into research and training . "  In the early 1990s , President Jiang Zemin gave the go-ahead for a manned space program and the decision set off a tremendous construction boom that was in some ways as impressive as NASA 's buildup for the Apollo project in the 1960s , " writes James Oberg in his book "  China 's Great Leap Upward " . In 2003 , China 's first astronaut , Colonel Yang Liwei , orbited the Earth in a Chinese-made Shenzhou capsule before landing to a hero 's welcome . Yang 's voyage into space -- called "  taikong " in Chinese -- gave birth to the new word "  taikonaut . " Only China , Russia and the United States have sent men into space . In 2004 , I joined a group of journalists visiting the Jiuquan Space Center , where taikonaut Yang and the Tiangong-1 blasted off . It was the first time Chinese officials had allowed international journalists into the sprawling top-secret launch center . China 's equivalent of Cape Canaveral is an unpretentious cluster of white buildings and towers , tucked in northwestern China 's vast Gobi desert . We were forbidden from taking pictures of the command-and-control center but we were shown around the center 's facilities , including the launch towers and silos , an Olympic-sized swimming pool and the taikonauts ' austere apartments . Might the Chinese become the new space leaders of the 21st century ? They just might . China is forging ahead to build its own space station , even though the costs would be enormous , while the U.S. and other space powers have apparently discarded that option . China is not part of the International Space Station  ISS  , which currently orbits the Earth while space experts and astronauts conduct experiments in a range of fields , from physics to astronomy . The ISS is a consortium among NASA , Russia 's RKA space agency , Japan 's Aerospace Exploration Agency , the European Space Agency and the Canadian CSA . The ISS is expected to be phased out in the future . China is now on track to build its own space station . "  This is not to say that China will never cooperate with others in space , but it would prefer to do so from a position of strength once it has developed a more capable and robust space program , " says MIT 's Fravel , who specializes in China 's military affairs . Should China 's competitors worry about its steady strides ? "  The U.S. should not be too worried , at least not yet , " Fravel says . "  Tiangong has been likened to the Gemini program conducted by the U.S. 50 years ago . " Still , the upward trajectory of China 's space program seems to point in its favor .	China launches space lab module Tiangong-1 , which means "  heavenly palace " Designed to stay in space for two years , to dock with an unmanned spacecraft in November China needs to master docking technique to be able to build its own space station China has been pumping enormous sums of money and resources into research
CNN  -- Gunmen and security forces exchanged fire near the U.S.-Mexico border Saturday , one day after a top leader of the Gulf drug cartel was killed , the Mexican state media reported . Authorities in Reynosa , which is across the border from McAllen , Texas , were telling people to avoid road travel , Notimex reported . It also warned of shootouts between gunman and security forces there . The trouble came one day after Antonio Ezequiel Cardenas Guillen , known as "  Tony Tormenta " or "  Tony the Storm , " was killed in Matamoros , a city to the east of Reynosa . Cardenas , 48 , was a top leader of one of Mexico 's major drug-trafficking operations , and the U.S. State Department had been offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his capture . Saturday , U.S. President Barack Obama called his counterpart in Mexico to express his support for Felipe Calderon 's efforts to "  end the impunity of organized criminal groups , " the White House said in a statement . Obama also reportedly offered his condolences on the death of the Mexican officials who died during the operation . Naval troops were met with grenades and assault-weapon fire when they approached Cardenas ' hideout in the center of the city around 3:30 p.m. Friday  5:30 p.m. ET  , the Mexican navy said . Four other suspected members of the cartel were also killed in the operation , which ended about 5:30 p.m.  7:30 p.m. ET  the navy said . Three naval officers were killed and four others were injured , authorities said . "  Today was another significant step in the destruction of criminal organizations that have done so much to damage the people of this country , " said Alejandro Poire , security spokesman for the Mexican government , soon after Friday 's clash . The Gulf cartel is one of Mexico 's major drug-trafficking organizations . It is based in Matamoros , which is across the border from Brownsville , Texas . It is also strong in Reynosa . Both cities are located in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas , which has become a bloody battleground between the Zetas and the Gulf Cartel . The Zetas used to be the armed branch of the Gulf Cartel but split off into a separate drug-trafficking organization earlier this year . Cardenas allegedly began his drug trafficking career during the late 1980s , rose through the ranks of the Gulf cartel and was eventually given control over the Matamoros-Brownsville corridor , the U.S. State Department said . In that role , he has been responsible for shipments of marijuana and cocaine across the border , according to the State Department . He has been indicted several times by U.S. federal authorities for alleged drug trafficking crimes , including directing drug shipments by boats , planes and cars from Colombia and Venezuela to Guatemala , Mexico and Texas , according to a statement from the U.S. Justice Department last year . Friday 's operation came after more than six months of intelligence gathering , the Mexican navy said . The four others suspected cartel members killed Friday were "  part of the circle of protection closest to ` Tony Tormenta , ' " the navy said . The University of Texas at Brownsville and Texas Southmost College canceled classes through Saturday and said it would rework several weekend events "  because of gunfire taking place across the Rio Grande . " Most of the students and faculty members have gone home , said Letty Fernandez , a university spokeswoman . The campus is about half a mile from the U.S.-Mexico border . More than 28,000 people have died in drug-related violence since Calderon intensified the government 's fight against cartels and organized crime after taking office in 2006 , according to government figures . Authorities have scored a string of important wins against drug cartels recently . In September , officials arrested Sergio Villarreal , known to Mexican officials as "  El Grande , " an alleged top leader of the Beltran Leyva cartel . His capture came soon after the August arrest of American-born "  La Barbie , " or Edgar Valdez , thought to be one of Mexico 's most ruthless drug traffickers . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Gustavo Valdes contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama calls Mexico 's president to express his support Antonio Ezequiel Cardenas Guillen dies in a shootout in the Mexican city of Matamoros Four other suspected cartel members and 3 members of the navy die in the clash
Gracen Duffield , 45 , sold her house in Austin , Texas and threw in a successful career in IT with Dell Inc. to take MBA studies in China -- "  somewhere with real opportunities , " she said . Leea Tiusanen , a 27-year-old from Finland , took a sabbatical from her managerial role at a large retail company to complete one year of her business degree in China . "  There 's so much more happening over here  China  than there is in Europe , " she said . And Jonathan Oi , a 25-year-old American with Chinese parents said he "  returned to the motherland " to get his MBA at Guanghua School of Management to help differentiate himself from his American graduate-school peers . These three are just a few of the thousands of western students now flocking to China for higher education , cultural adventure and -- more often than not -- an edge in an extremely competitive job market . As Chinese swell the ranks at western universities , the numbers of foreign students studying in China are also burgeoning -- increasing by 10 % in a year to more than 290,000 in 2011 , according to the Chinese Ministry of Education  MOE  . The push for foreign students is a deliberate strategy by the Chinese government -- through investment in scholarships and facilities -- to foster a greater understanding of their culture and language globally , and expand Beijing 's "  soft power , " academics say . Meanwhile , governments in the U.S. , Asia and Europe also are investing in their own China study programs , often in conjunction with the Chinese government , breeding a new generation of Sino-savvy graduates . "  It 's student exchanges linked to diplomacy , " said Gerard Postiglione , a professor of education at the University of Hong Kong . Education 's soft power China 's current five-year plan for the education sector aims for higher education institutes in the country to accommodate around 500,000 international students by 2020 , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . China is rapidly expanding its Mandarin and English-language offerings -- 34 Chinese universities now offer English-taught programs , according to the MOE -- and the government said it plans to fund 50,000 scholarships for overseas students by 2015 . "  If you look at Xi Jinping 's speeches since he became president , he clearly says that we want soft power and we are willing to spend on this . And this is what the Chinese government is doing  with their international education programs  , " said Yang Rui , a University of Hong Kong professor who has written extensively on the issue . Governments in the U.S. and Europe are investing in their own programs to encourage more of their students to study in China . In 2010 , the U.S. launched the "  100,000 Strong Initiative " that aims to increase the number of American students studying in China to 100,000 by 2014 , according to the 100,000 Strong website . The EU-China High Level People-to-People Dialogue  HPPD  , described by the EU as "  the third pillar of EU-China relations , " facilitated the first-ever higher education talks between Europe and China in April , where the Chinese government announced it would provide 30,000 scholarships for EU students over the next five years , according to Xinhua . But while the west wants improved relations , Yang believes China 's communist system of government has resulted in a program more about control than diplomacy . "  Using education as part of a soft-power push has been practiced by many countries , " he said . "  The U.S. , France and Japan have been doing this for a long time . But the way the Chinese are doing this is not skillful . " Still , foreign students are pouring in . About 290,000 studied in China in 2011 , compared to just over 60,000 in 2001 , according to the MOE . South Koreans  62,442  were the largest group of foreign students studying in China in 2011 , followed by Americans  23,292  . The Japanese  17,961  , Russians  13,340  , Indonesians  10,957  and Indians  9,370  also have large student populations , while almost 50,000 Europeans undertook some form of tertiary study in China in 2011 , led by France  7,592  and Germany  5,451  . Are Chinese universities up to the challenge ? While foreign students in China say it 's more exciting studying here than in the west , it 's also substantially cheaper . University tuition fees in China average about $ 1,000 per semester , according to the MOE , while rent , food and other incidentals are also substantially less . Tuition fees alone in the United States can cost anywhere from $ 12,000 to $ 37,000 per year , according to the U.S. National Center for Education , depending on the type of institution . That 's on top of the average $ 15,000 per year required for accommodation , food and academic supplies . But questions have been raised over the quality of China 's university education . "  On international rankings , Chinese universities did not perform as well as other countries , in particular given the size of the system , but there have been improvements in recent years , " said Nick Clark , from World Education Services , a New York-based education research organization . Yang , who regularly visits universities across China for his research , agrees . "  I get many complaints about the quality of the teaching  from foreign students studying in China  , especially with regional universities . " Professor Darryl Jarvis from the Hong Kong Institute of Education said there is enormous diversity among the tertiary institutions in China , and far less quality programs that use English for instruction compared to countries like the U.S. , UK , Australia , and Canada , the top destinations for overseas university students in 2012 , according to UNESCO . "  The biggest barrier China faces in attracting overseas students is the medium of instruction . Rightly or wrongly , English remains the language for business and academia and the rise of China is not going to change that overnight , " Jarvis said . Learning through experience And while many Chinese academics who trained overseas are now returning to China , attracting good-quality teachers and researchers with a high level of English remains a problem . Paul Gillis , an expatriate American professor and co-director at Peking University 's business school in Beijing , says that although the teaching is rewarding , China wo n't be able to fill its "  insatiable demand " for quality foreign professors until they start paying appropriate salaries . "  This is China 's century . Here I have the ability to train some of most brilliant minds in the world and have a much bigger impact than I can anywhere else , " said Gillis , when asked why he chose to teach in China over a western university . "  I think I have the best job in the world for 29 days of the month . Then comes payday . " But Beijing is investing heavily in its universities to overcome gaps in quality , academics say . "  There is definitely a desire to see institutions perform better in the rankings , " said Clark . "  Funding through government programs are specifically designed to boost standards in ` key ' research areas , while the banding together of the top nine Chinese institutions under the C9 League is a clear indication that the country would like to see its best institutions competing at a global level of excellence . " For students like Jonathan Oi , the shortcomings he has encountered with Peking University 's "  relatively young " business program are more than compensated for in the lessons learned outside the classroom . "  You should n't come to China looking for a Western-style education or you will be disappointed , " Oi said . "  Previously education to me was all about the books and the quality of the classes , but you need to factor in the outside experiences as well . "	Overseas students studying in China increased 10 % in a year to more than 290,000 in 2011 China is aiming to attract more foreign students as part of a push for soft power The U.S. , Europe and Asia are encouraging their youth to study in China Academics are questioning whether China 's universities are up to the challenge
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan could someday be awarded medals for restraint that prevents civilian casualties in combat . The possibility is under consideration by the staff of Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the commander in Afghanistan , according to Lt. Col. Tadd Sholtis , McChrystal 's spokesman . The idea of rewarding battlefield restraint was proposed by British Maj. Gen. Nick Carter , who is in charge of the international forces in southern Afghanistan . Sholtis said the idea is still in its "  conceptual stage . " "  Although no decisions have been made on the award itself , the idea is consistent with our strategic approach , " Sholtis said . "  Our young men and women display remarkable courage every day , including situations where they refrain from using lethal force , even at risk to themselves , in order to prevent possible harm to civilians . In some situations our forces face in Afghanistan , that restraint is an act of discipline and courage not much different than those combat actions that merit awards for valor . " Sholtis said troops would still have the right of self defense . "  Let me be clear . We absolutely support the right of our forces to defend themselves . Valuing restraint in a potentially dangerous situation is not the same thing as denying troops the right to employ lethal force when they determine that it is necessary . " McChrystal has placed a priority on reducing civilian casualties as a means of gaining support of the Afghan people . A number of recent high-profile incidents in which civilians have been killed have given the Taliban a propaganda tool against the coalition , U.S. officials said . McChrystal has instituted other rules to help minimize civilian deaths , including restricting the use of airstrikes in areas where there may be civilians , and limiting nighttime raids by U.S. forces .	Medal would honor troops for restraint that prevents civilian casualties in combat Medal under consideration by the commander in Afghanistan United States has been criticized for airstrikes that killed Afghan civilians
CNN  -- Before the interview for Talk Asia , all I knew about Julio Iglesias was that he sings love songs -- and that the ladies seem to love him . What I did n't know , was this is a man who was born to be famous and not even a life-threatening injury from a car accident would stop him . His story is one made for the silver screen . It has all the elements that tug at your heart strings : family drama , near-death experience , triumph over adversity , ultimate success , and a plot that just keeps on going . Iglesias ' renowned voice has made him a superstar worldwide but his first foray into the spotlight was n't through his voice , it was his feet . The football pitch was where he got his first taste of what it feels like to be adored by the crowds . Real deal From a young age , Iglesias showed his fancy footwork in Real Madrid 's junior league . Rising through the ranks , he would eventually become goalkeeper for Real 's reserve team . Iglesias humbly admits he was never a real football talent but he had the discipline which would see him play with the biggest names of that generation . While his dream to play for the Primera Division would never be realized , just being in close proximity to the players and playing in the same stadium was enough to feel the call of something big . "  You feel 50,000 people in the stadium and you go on the grass and the magic starts . You feel like are something else . All the dreams that you have for years come back in a reality and you are in front of so many people playing a match and you win , you lose . It 's passion , it 's courage , " he said . Accident Perhaps it 's that courage that saw him through one of the most challenging times of his life . When he was 19 , a drive home after a party with two friends ended in tragedy . While taking a curve in the road , the car he was driving crashed , leaving him clinging on to life . What would come would crush his dreams of ever playing football again . The crash compressed a nerve in his spine leaving him paralyzed from the chest down ; a paralysis that would see him bed-ridden for two years . "  All I felt at that time was ` Why ? Why has this happened to me ? ' "  I 'm someone who believes there 's a reason for everything . Sometimes that belief is challenged but more often than not , I believe events take place that force you to think , feel , and act in ways you may never have before . I believe people come into your life for a reason . " For Iglesias , that belief was crystallized in that devastating moment , and those challenging two years changed his life . What he did not realize at the time was that it would all change for the better . Musical discovery A nurse who was treating him brought Julio a guitar . The gesture was two-fold : a distraction from the depression of what kind of a life would lie ahead , and a means to exercise the dexterity and strength in his fingers and hands . He discovered a passion for music that he did n't know he had . And perhaps more than anything , a renewed purpose in life . "  I started to move my toes . I started to get up , I started to walk albeit painfully , and I started to realize that I could survive ... I started to think that I could be alive again ... So from that day I took chances . I disciplined my life . Without discipline I would not be here . I would not be talking to you , I would not be a singer , and I would be nothing . Discipline woke up my life again . " The rest as they say is history . Devoted following Eighty albums released in 14 languages , over 300 million records sold worldwide , and a devoted following of women who hear that something in his voice that knows no boundaries of language . Despite claiming to be "  not that great " of a singer , Iglesias ' ability to connect to a global audience has served him well . He says it 's his passion for music and for people . Perhaps , though , what they see is his vulnerability , a quality he himself says "  is the most attractive thing that an artist can have . " "  Since that time I understood that music , and the passion for music , was my life ... I was not a good singer , I did n't even know how to write a song ... but I realized what an incredible opportunity I had . The life came back to my eyes and I became a singer . "	Heart throb Julio Iglesias tells how his life was changed be a car crash Former footballer was paralyzed from the chest down by a near-fatal car crash in his teens He says his life was changed when a nurse gave him a guitar as he convalesced He has since produced 80 albums and sold over 300 million records sold worldwide
CNN  -- In the wake of revelations about the National Security Agency 's monitoring of traffic on the private international fiber links connecting the data centers of Google and Yahoo , Google stepped up its efforts to encrypt internal server traffic and block such monitoring . Now , Yahoo has announced its own plans to encrypt all information that travels between data centers by early next year . In a blog post , Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer reiterated that "  Yahoo has never given access to our data centers to the NSA or any other government agency . Ever . " Yahoo previously announced that it would protect Yahoo Mail sessions by default with Secure Socket Layer encryption by January 8 , using a 2048-bit encryption key . Google moved to encrypt all its searches earlier this fall , and the company has enabled SSL encryption by default for users logged into its services since 2011 . In addition to encrypting traffic between its data centers by March of 2014 , Yahoo is also moving to apply SSL encryption across all its websites within the same time frame . And Mayer said that Yahoo will "  work closely with our international Mail partners to ensure that Yahoo co-branded Mail accounts are HTTPS-enabled . " The move will increase the privacy of Yahoo users , but it also comes after Yahoo 's Web sessions and internal data center traffic were revealed to at one point be the largest single source of data collected by the NSA , according to documents shared by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Yahoo says it will encrypt all information that travels between its data centers The change will take place by the end of March 2014 CEO Marissa Mayer announced change as an effort to protect users ' privacy Move comes after documents revealed NSA had secretly collected data from Yahoo
CNN  -- A national soccer league in Algeria has canceled matches scheduled for Friday and Saturday after riots in the capital and elsewhere this week . The Algerian National Football League announced the cancellations in Al Watan , a local newspaper . The matches were canceled in an effort to prevent large groups of young people from gathering . The streets were mostly calm in the Algerian capital on Friday , and many imams appealed for calm during morning prayers . Rising prices for food staples like milk and sugar sparked protests in the nation this week , and some fear more violence will erupt . Algerian Minister of Trade Mustapha Benbada said the price of staples will go down next week , but he did not provide any further details The demonstrators were mostly young men . "  They are burning tires , breaking into buildings , breaking everything . ... We can hear the screams , " journalist Lania Tagzout said a few days ago . Adding fuel to the protesters ' anger are the high rates of unemployment and housing issues , socioeconomic problems that have been festering for some time . The government has blamed the rising prices and other issues on the global economic crisis . The demonstrations began Tuesday night , and are largely are unorganized , without any clear leaders , Tagzout said There have been injuries among the protesters as well as police , but authorities are n't disclosing any numbers , she said . Police are n't engaging the demonstrators so far , but are using tear gas to contain them . And even though businesses are shuttered and many people are staying off the streets in the capital , there 's not much anger toward the protesters , she explained . "  Everyone understands that things will only change through violence . "	Soccer matches are called off after riots in Algeria Several imams call for calm during Friday prayers Rising food prices have sparked the protests
CNN  -- Three years after the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " the now-defunct law prohibiting gay men , lesbians and bisexuals from serving openly in the armed forces , many Americans might not know that a significant form of discrimination still exists : The U.S. military bans transgender people . Military recruiters are required to turn down attempts by transgender Americans to enlist . If , after joining the military , service members are discovered to be transgender , they are fired . No other federal agency operates this way . Because of the Pentagon 's ban , an estimated 15,500 transgender people serving in the military have to hide and lie about who they are . This has devastating consequences for them , and makes it impossible to access medically necessary health care without risking discharge . Careers are ruined , and the military wastes resources training competent service members and then firing them when their gender identity is discovered . That 's just what happened to Landon Wilson , a transgender man who served as a Navy cryptologist in Afghanistan last year . Landon was so good at his job that his superiors put him up for a promotion . But in the course of preparing the paperwork , a colleague discovered that Landon was born a girl , so he was sent home and ushered out of the Navy . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel announced three months ago that he is open to reviewing the ban , and the White House expressed support . However , since Hagel 's announcement , no progress has been made toward a resolution , and some observers have questioned whether the military could include transgender personnel without difficulty . Transgender ex-Navy SEAL : Here 's a question for you To answer that question , a commission of leading legal , military and medical experts , including the U.S. Army 's former chief medical officer , has completed a study on how to implement inclusive policy . The commission , which I co-chair , conducted an analysis of foreign military forces , as well as U.S. military experiences of previously excluded populations . Our research indicates that allowing transgender personnel to serve will be neither burdensome nor complex . We found that as with any policy change , the implementation of an inclusive approach should be handled in a thoughtful and deliberate manner . That said , we found that the administrative and regulatory changes needed to implement inclusive policy are minimal , and that strong leadership will be sufficient for avoiding any potential problems . Before implementing the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " the Pentagon created an internal working group that took a year to formulate advice about how to repeal the ban . Its guidance was based on extensive research , including a survey it administered to 400,000 service members . Additionally , the military commissioned the RAND Corporation to complete a simultaneous study on the same implementation questions the internal Pentagon working group was considering . While the working group and the RAND report produced useful recommendations , the snail 's pace approach to implementation was based on the need to build political support , not by any complexities involved in lifting the ban . Because "  do n't ask , do n't tell " was a congressional statute , the administration had to persuade a bipartisan coalition in Congress to support repeal , and the extensive research on implementation helped those efforts . But eliminating the restrictions on transgender service membersâ $ " and embracing them as equal and respected members of our nation 's armed forcesâ $ " does not require the repeal of any law . Since the ban can be lifted without waiting for Congress , there is no reason for delay : The Obama administration should immediately announce a moratorium on firing transgender service members , and begin implementing a policy of inclusion . President Obama has made it clear that when Congress will not help him solve the nation 's problems , he can and will take executive action to get meaningful work done . Lifting the military 's transgender ban is a win-win opportunity because the policy will strengthen both the armed forces and our democracy .	Shannon Minter : "  Do n't ask , do n't tell " gone , but military still bans transgender people Minter : 15,500 transgender people in the military must hide or they will get kicked out Minter : Careers are ruined ; talent and training lost . Policy change would not be difficult Minter : Obama could end the firing of transgender service members and drop the ban
CNN  -- England kept their Cricket World Cup hopes alive after a dramatic 18-run victory over the West Indies . Needing to win to stay in the tournament , England failed to capitalize on a quick start to their innings , losing a clutch of wickets in the middle period to post a modest total of 243 . The West Indies got off to a fast start themselves and looked well set to clinch their place in the last eight at 222-6 before losing their last four wickets for three runs to hand England an astonishing triumph . England will be through to the quarterfinals if Group B leaders South Africa beat Bangladesh on Saturday or India beat the West Indies on Sunday . For the sixth time in the tournament England were involved in a match that twisted one way and then the other , the outcome unclear until right at the death . Batting first in Chennai , captain Andrew Strauss got England off to a bright start , hitting 31 , while Jonathan Trott looked in good touch before he was dismissed for 47 . But England slumped from 121-3 to 151-6 as Ian Bell , Eoin Morgan and Ravi Bopara all went in quick succession . They were grateful to Luke Wright , who hit 44 , and an unbeaten 20 from Tim Bresnan to set a competitive target . In reply Chris Gayle played in trademark fashion , smashing 43 runs off 21 balls and taking 18 off an over from Chris Tremlett before spinner James Tredwell made his mark on his first appearance in the tournament . He claimed the first three wickets as Gayle , Devon Smith and Dwayne Bravo were all removed . When Bopara then bowled captain Darren Sammy and Devon Thomas , England could scent victory . Explosive batsman Kieron Pollard fell for 24 but Ramnaresh Sarwan and Andre Russell steadied the ship for the West Indies before Trott thought he had caught Russell in the deep . But Trott 's catch was ruled out by the third umpire , who adjudged he had made contact with the boundary rope after taking the ball . Six runs were given instead . With the partnership between Sarwan and Russell reaching 72 , West Indies needed just 24 more runs to win before the game turned on its head . First Russell was trapped LBW by Tredwell before fellow spinner Graeme Swann then dismissed Sarwan and Kemar Roach in consecutive balls . And England 's thrilling victory was confirmed when a pinpoint throw from Trott allowed Matt Prior to run out Sulieman Benn . Swann told the England and Wales Cricket Board 's website : "  I thought ` It 's one of those nights ' . We have dug ourselves a hole and we are slowly stepping out of it . It was up there with the Ashes for raw emotion . " Strauss added : "  We 've just been inconsistent , there 's no doubt about it . We have n't played as well as we would like in this tournament , but we have pulled out some results when we really needed them . "  Obviously we are still waiting on other results , but hopefully we have done enough to go through to the last eight . "	England beat West Indies by 18 runs to keep Cricket World Cup hopes alive West Indies fall short of England 's modest total of 243 Spinner James Tredwell took four wickets as West Indies were bowled out for 225 England need other results to go their way in order to make last eight
Demossville , Kentucky  CNN  -- The U.S. special operations teams that led the American invasion in Afghanistan a decade ago did something that no American military had done since the last century : ride horses into combat . "  It was like out of the Old Testament , " says Lt. Col. Max Bowers , retired Green Beret , who commanded the three horseback teams . "  You expected Cecil B. DeMille to be filming and Charlton Heston to walk out . " Bowers spoke while sitting in the rural Kentucky studio of sculptor Douwe Blumberg , along with three of his former "  horse soldiers . " They , along with 30 fellow commandos on horseback , are the inspiration for a new monument that Blumberg is creating , dedicated to the entire U.S. special operations community . The statue is scheduled to be erected across from the World Trade Center site in New York on November 11 , Veterans Day . The artist rounded up these "  horse soldiers " to share their personal stories and mission photos as inspiration for the 18-foot , bronze monument . "  It was unbelievable in 2001 , " Master Sgt. Bart Decker says to Blumberg . Decker , the team 's Air Force Special Operations combat controller , who is now retired , sports a Fu Manchu-style mustache . "  We all looked at each other -LSB- and said -RSB- ` We 're witnessing a cavalry charge ! ' " he said . Blumberg listens in awe to the elite fighters in his art studio . He says he felt compelled to sculpt the monument after then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld first held up a photo of these special operations forces on horseback in northern Afghanistan during a 2001 news conference . "  The image , I think , typifies the special operations mission of get the job done , however you have to do it , adapt , overcome , " the artist tells Bowers and his fellow fighters . That image has also captured the imagination of Hollywood blockbuster producer Jerry Bruckheimer , who 's making a movie based on the mission as told by Doug Stanton in his New York Times best-selling book , "  Horse Soldiers : The Extraordinary Story of a Band of U.S. Soldiers Who Rode to Victory in Afghanistan . " Blumberg learns that the inspirational photo was shot by one of the "  killer elite " sitting casually in front of him in his art studio . The horse soldiers ' stories "  If we wanted to move , horses were the only way , " said Master Sgt. Chris Spence , the team 's communication sergeant , who serves with 5th Special Forces Group . "  Nobody will believe this !  So  I take my camera and  shoot  that photo . " Bowers points at that famous photo , explaining to Blumberg : "  The Afghans and intelligence officers  CIA  are clotted up in front together , and all our guys are spread out in a wedge behind them . " For most of the Americans , it was their first time on a horse . But , their mission was critical : synchronize tribal warfare against Taliban and al Qaeda enemies by riding with , and advising , rival Northern Alliance warlords . 5 voices on Afghanistan success The artist touches a bridle and an Afghan saddle the team brought from Fort Bragg , North Carolina , which are registered with the Smithsonian Museum . One of the nation 's leading equestrian sculptors , Blumberg is fascinated with the little-known details of these special operators ' horseback mission in the steep , mountain terrain of Northern Afghanistan . "  Were you worried about the footing of the horse ? " the sculptor asks the team . "  Absolutely , " replies Decker , the Air Force combat controller . "  They were trying to scramble up the rocks , and their hooves , their shoes were sparking . You were worried about sliding off anytime , but you had to keep going . " In the male-dominated Afghan culture , all war horses are stallions ; there were no mares . The team tells the artist the stallions were constantly biting , kicking and rearing . "  It was like riding a bobcat , " Bowers says . "  That 's another big reason we separated , especially at night , when we 're walking on that ledge , because you put two horses together , all they wanted to do was fight . You look down at the left side , there 's a 500-foot drop-off , " Decker adds . "  It was a sheer cliff , " explains Sgt. 1st Class Joe Jung , the team 's Green Beret medic and sniper , who currently serves at U.S. Army Special Operations Command . "  If someone would have fallen off , we would not have known , " Master Sgt. Chris Spence says . That almost happened to Jung . When his horse slid backward , he jumped off , and the horse landed on him . "  It was the first week . Winded up breaking my back , " Jung says quietly . The sculptor 's eyes are wide ; his hand rubs his chin . "  So , you rode the rest of the mission with a broken back ? " Blumberg asks . "  Correct , " Jung answers , "  Two shots of morphine to relieve the pain , and get back on the horse . I would not allow myself to be the weak link . It 's not in my nature , and it 's not in any Green Beret 's nature . " Jung and the others were each handpicked for this special operation by Bowers , who carried a piece of the World Trade Center during their entire mission advising the rival Northern Alliance warlords . "  There were suspicions about our motives , " Bowers says to the artist . "  I pulled the bent piece of steel out and showed it to them -LSB- and said , -RSB- ` This is why we 're here : We simply want to ensure that it 's not a sanctuary for terrorist forces that have attacked the United States . ' " Blumberg looks through the men 's photos of the aftermath of a major battle in Mazar-e Sharif showing bodies and rubble from Air Force bombs . He realizes at that point just how tough the special operations forces ' mission was , right after the September 11 attacks . Afghan man reflects on war , 10 years later The battlefield is far removed from his studio , littered not with the carnage of war but with the dust and scraps from his sculpture . After that Mazar-e Sharif battle , as Green Beret medic Jung was treating wounded prisoners at a prison camp , he recalls hearing an odd voice nearby . "  The accent was not there . Something just did n't sound right , it just did n't add up , " he says . He got up and told the American intelligence agents who were questioning other prisoners . A linguistics specialist came over to help Jung treat another patient . "  He was listening to the conversation -LSB- and -RSB- immediately scooped him up , " Jung recalls . "  It turned out to be Walker . " It was John Walker Lindh , the so-called American Taliban from California . Blumberg sits forward in his chair . To him , the idea that an American was fighting alongside the men who helped carry out the 9/11 attacks is unthinkable . Months later , after the Taliban regime had fallen , the special operations teams chose Mazar-e Sharif -- the site of one of their fiercest battles and where CIA officer Mike Spann became the first American killed in action in Afghanistan -- to bury the piece of the World Trade Center that Bowers had carried their entire mission . "  We took this piece of steel , put it in a body bag , folded American colors over it as when we lay our heroes to rest at Arlington , " Bowers explains to Blumberg . "  We thought that this piece of the World Trade Center -LSB- should -RSB- be buried in a spot that was full of al Qaeda terrorists and memorialized . " The monument takes shape Ten years later , these horse soldiers ' stories will be memorialized in Blumberg 's monument across from the World Trade Center site . It will be unveiled during the November 11 Veterans Day parade , with the help of New York City firefighters , police officers , other emergency responders and Port Authority members . "  It will pay tribute to all U.S. special operations forces , " Blumberg tells the team . "  It will give New Yorkers an opportunity to honor the veterans who , worldwide , acted as New York 's ` second responders ' directly after the attack . " Members of Wall Street banking firms , who were personally affected by the attack at the World Trade Center , commissioned the artist . They ask to remain anonymous , so the focus stays on the meaning of the monument . "  They are an ad hoc group of grateful Wall Street bankers who personally survived and lost friends and many associates in the 9/11 attacks , " Blumberg says . "  They , and their community surrounding the World Trade Center , were permanently affected by the event . No public funds are being used . " In a Manhattan office , two of those individual supporters are helping organize this at a grass-roots level . They say that after the attacks , and the years of war that followed , their families and friends across the country asked them : Where could they go to remember the U.S. troops overseas who are trying to tackle potential terrorist threats , every day ? "  We wanted to do something for the special operations community and all military service branches , because every day since 9/11 , we 've had to look at that hole in the ground , " one of the private backers says . A piece of World Trade Center steel may be embedded in the monument 's base . The statue will be installed on private property , owned by a supportive firm , close to ground zero . Back in Kentucky , Blumberg asks the horse soldiers assembled in his studio if they are concerned about whether anti-military groups , or detractors , will criticize the monument as glamorizing warfare . "  It 's just not about the soldiers that have fallen , it 's about those that were in the towers , those that were on Flight 93 , and the Pentagon ; the children that lost their mothers and fathers and brothers and sisters , " medic Jung tells the sculptor . "  What everyone needs to know is : There are people out there like this team , like the Green Berets , that are willing to sacrifice at all costs for them . " Spence , the communications sergeant who shot the photo that originally compelled the artist , agrees . "  These are the guys that have your back . These are the guys that are now watching an eternal vigil over ground zero . The falling of these towers launched us off on horseback . Now , we 're watching over you , and we have your back . That 's what this statue is symbolizing . "	U.S. special operations forces invaded Afghanistan in 2001 on horseback It was the first time the U.S. military had done so since 1942 The "  horse soldiers " are being memorialized in a new monument It will be unveiled at the World Trade Center site in November on Veterans Day
It 's well known that the decision to impose collective guilt on Germany at the end of the First World War was a fateful one . But even today , 100 years after the start of the Great War , the fallout from the Treaty of Versailles affects U.S. foreign policy -- from Europe to the Middle East , from Ukraine to Syria . At the 1919 Paris Peace Conference , the signing of the Treaty of Versailles ended the state of war between Germany and the Allied Powers . Article 231 of the treaty , the notorious War Guilt clause , required "  Germany  to  accept the responsibility of Germany and her allies for causing all the loss and damage " during the war . The treaty forced Germany to disarm , make substantial territorial concessions and pay reparations to certain countries . The total cost was 132 billion marks , or $ 31.4 billion , roughly equivalent to $ 442 billion today . At the time , economists , notably John Maynard Keynes , warned that the victors were imposing a brutal "  Carthaginian peace , " a reference to the peace imposed on Carthage by Rome 2,000 years before , which amounted to a complete crushing of the enemy and which also mandated the payment of constant tribute . Opinion : How a century-old war affects you Germans ' feelings of victimization and hatred of Versailles were soon exploited by Adolf Hitler . Many analysts now conclude that this miscarriage of justice , this experience of collective punishment , backfired and helped pave the road to World War II . The discrediting of the collective guilt imposed at Versailles would result in a major reorientation in international law and policy , changes that we live with today . Guilty nations have been replaced by war criminals , prosecuted and punished by international tribunals . After World War II , the Nuremberg trials for "  crimes against the peace " were justified not in retrospective terms but in forward-looking ones -- namely the peace of future generations . The postwar trials reflect that even individual responsibility is understood today less in terms of retribution than deterrence . Opinion : When chemical weapons killed 90,000 This new view of responsibility has become more and more pronounced in recent years , to the point where individuals may be held responsible , but nations are absolved . In 1995 , at the first public indictment proceeding of the architects of the Balkans ethnic cleansing policy , Chief Prosecutor Richard Goldstone declared that the proceeding of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia would establish a "  public record " to "  assist in attributing guilt to individuals ... and in avoiding the attribution of collective guilt to any nation or ethnic group . " Opinion : The mighty women of World War I In the words of the prosecutor in the very first case in the court against a member of the Serbian paramilitary force , Dusko Tadic , accused of horrendous persecution of Muslims in the Omarska detention camp , "  Absolving nations of collective guilt through the attribution of individual responsibility is an essential means of countering the misinformation and indoctrination which breeds ethnic and religious hatred . "  Tadic was convicted of , among other things , crimes against humanity . Such international justice via individual accountability would break "  old cycles of ethnic retribution " and thus by displacing vengeance would advance reconciliation . The court was considered to be critical to restoring the peace in the region . Opinion : How World War I gave us ` cooties ' This emphasis on individual responsibility was crowned with the establishment of the permanent International Criminal Court in 2000 . Deterrence is the clear goal in the ICC preamble . It declares that "  during this century millions of children , women and men have been victims of unimaginable atrocities that deeply shock the conscience of humanity , " and expresses the Court 's determination to "  put an end to impunity for the perpetrators of these crimes and thus to contribute to the prevention of such crimes . " The United Nations also shifted away from collective punishment toward smart sanctions that target individuals with economic and other punitive measures , ordered by the U.N. Security Council , and not entire countries . Indeed , one can see how this shift affects policy today toward Russia over its meddling in Ukraine and toward Syria , where in both instances international response has taken the form of international sanctions as well as international criminal justice , both responses eschewing collective punishment . Opinion : The ` bionic men ' of World War I In Syria , for example : This May the French sponsored a resolution to Security Council members that would have given the ICC jurisdiction over crimes against humanity and war crimes committed in Syria during its ongoing civil war . The United States was among the many Security Council members to support the referral , but the action would ultimately be blocked by China and Russia in a Security Council vote earlier this summer . Likewise , the Russian incursion into Crimea might in the past have raised Cold War tensions and provoked a collective punishment on the entire nation , but the response of the United States and the European Union illustrates the approach of individualizing responsibility : While the sanctions have been progressively expanded and tightened in response to ongoing events  the latest being the downing of the Malaysia Airlilnes jet over Ukraine  , the companies and individuals targeted have been clearly selected on the basis of their proximity -- those who may be making or supporting the specific decisions relating to Ukraine . Still , such sanctions can only work if the international community hangs together , and the temptation for the world 's major military powers to revert to the rhetoric of retribution can be almost overwhelmingâ $ " one might say even that the Obama administration fell victim to it late last year calling for accountability and an end to impunity for the Bashar al-Assad regime as a basis for U.S. military intervention . But the anniversary of the Great War and its Armistice can serve as a reminder that retribution against a people or society breeds a sense of injustice and indeed may be intrinsically unfair . Rather than a just settlement to war , it may serve only to perpetuate conflict . Photo blog : WWI : The Golden Age of postcards	Ruti Teitel : Versailles Treaty that ended WWI hostilities imposed huge cost on Germany This assigning of "  collective guilt " likely helped Hitler exploit German humiliation , foment WWII Teitel : Backfire changed how global community punishes war crimes : individuals , not nations Teitel : Today age of "  smart sanctions , " global tribunals , such as in response to Russia , Syria
CNN  -- Honduran teachers who have been on strike for 21 days faced a decision Monday morning : return to the classroom or endure punishments . The government on Sunday issued an ultimatum , disseminated on radio and television , to the teachers , saying that if they did not show up for work Monday , they would be suspended for two months without pay . Those who do not show up by Wednesday , will be handed six-month suspensions , and those still striking by next week will not allowed to teach for a year , the government said . "  If these deadlines are not met , the government will begin to execute justified firings , " the statement said . The teachers are protesting an education bill that they say can lead to the privatization of the public school system . They are also demanding salaries owed from last year to some 5,000 teachers . Those teachers who are suspended will be replaced by educators who are currently unemployed , the government said . Journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report .	Honduran teachers have been on strike since March 7 They are protesting a bill that they say will lead to the privatization of the schools The government set deadlines starting Monday to return to work
CNN  -- Over 300 miles from the nearest ocean , competitors in one of the world 's fastest sailing races are battling against a moody wind . A small army of boats -- if you can call them that -- carve across the Nevada desert . A stream of sand billows behind , caking each competitor 's face in fine , white grit . "  It 's like Mother Nature has her foot on the throttle , " says Russ Foster , who has been racing these peculiar yachts-on-wheels since the 1970s . "  The speeds that you go at -- sometimes 100 miles per hour -- means that you really need to stay on top of it or you could have a major accident , " he tells CNN 's Mainsail show . "  But that 's part of the challenge . " Dramatic backdrop Each year the dried lake-bed of Smith Creek is transformed into a fantastical racetrack for the Landsailing World Championships . Over 170 "  sailors , " from countries as far flung as Chile and New Zealand , converge on the dramatic landscape that stretches flat as a mirror beneath the sweltering summer sun . "  When we first came through the mountains , we saw these beautiful big rocks , and the west end of the lake was just glass smooth , " competitor Rod Eicholz says of the spectacular setting . "  So smooth you can actually see the reflection of your boat on the dirt , " adds fellow racer Kurt Smiley . Situated around 30 miles from the closest town of Austin -- which has a population of just 200 -- Smith Creek appears like a scorched land on the edge of the world . And when the temperamental wind whips up the sand , forcing spectators to shield their eyes and run for cover , you 'd be forgiven for thinking these otherworldly sailboats were ghost ships on the horizon . Desert inventors Competitors arrive in campervans loaded with their desert-racing machines , and work late into the evening tinkering with their speedy designs . "  You know what a sailboat is ? Well it 's kind of like that , but you 're racing on dirt , with wheels , " racer John Eisenlohr says matter-of-factly . "  The amount of time you spend in what I call a ` dirt boat coma ' with a glazed look in your eye , thinking about your next great innovation and hoping it works ... " he trails off with a faraway look . In their everyday lives , these enthusiasts might be farmers or plumbers who work on their designs in garages back home . The boats differ dramatically according to the class they 're racing in -- from basic buggies with sails , to something resembling a futuristic bobsled with wheelie arms extended either side . "  Just after the start , you push , you run , you jump into the yacht , and you lay down completely , trying to be the lowest you can , " explains racer J.P Krischer . "  You 're hunkered down in the boat , you get nice and low , and you just get a beautiful view of the horizon , " says fellow competitor Lester Robertson . The high-tech designs have come a long way from the 1970s , when adventurous land sailors tested out their hybrid designs everywhere from European beaches to North African deserts . "  It 's progressed from small , simple , two-framed vehicles , to pretty exotic ones with carbon fiber bodies and wing masts , " explains Foster , who previously raced go-karts and catamarans . "  Then there are some classes which were designed in the 1970s and have n't changed at all . " Need for speed The majority of world championship winners hail from the U.S. but there 's also a good showing from European competitors , who are perhaps better used to racing on more rugged beach terrain . For North American Land Sailing Association  NALSA  president Dennis Bassano , there 's a good reason why he keeps coming back year after year . "  It 's the speed . It 's just so much fun to go that fast with the wind . You 're in a boat , making all the decisions you 're in control of everything . "  And heck , " he adds , "  who does n't like going 80 miles an hour ? " Debate : Will ` robo-ships ' be the end of sailors ? Learn : Britain sets to right America 's Cup ` wrong '	What do you get when you combine boats and wheels ? Welcome to the Landsailing World Championships Fantastical machines race across Nevada Desert Aerodynamic inventions can reach 100 mph
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Six Haitian orphans , at the airport and on their way to new lives in the United States , had their destination changed at the last moment . Now they are at an orphanage , under the custody of the Haitian government , while the details of their departure are sorted out . Sarah Thacker , a Minnesota woman who was in Haiti to bring home her newly adopted son , now finds herself facing allegations that the paperwork she held was forged . Thacker and two other women who helped her were not arrested , but are the subject of the incident that follows the arrests of 10 U.S. missionaries accused of taking a group of Haitian children out of the country without the proper paperwork . All 10 were charged with trying to take 33 children out of Haiti without any legal authorization after a magnitude-7 .0 earthquake devastated the country on January 12 . Eight of them have been released on bail and have returned to the United States . Thacker and the two other women were going to escort six Haitian orphans to the United States to new families , including Thacker 's adopted son , Reese . "  I can understand paranoia and absolutely , and I understand there was a story about people illegally taking children out of the country , but fear does n't justify these actions , " Stephanie Anderson , a volunteer who was helping Thacker , told CNN . On Saturday , the three women were outside the Port-au-Prince airport waiting in line to transport the children in a private plane when , Anderson says , they were surrounded by an angry mob of men demanding to see their paperwork . "  They started screaming at us that they are Haitian children , and who do we think we are taking their kids from their country , and these missionaries ca n't be stealing kids , and they started swearing and yelling at us , " Anderson , who is not a missionary , said . The police were called in and the women were detained for eight hours , they told CNN . Full coverage of the earthquake 's aftermath The key document -- a permission signed by Haiti 's prime minister -- was suspected as a fake by police , something the women and U.S. officials deny . There is no chance the paperwork is fake , Thacker said . A representative from the U.S. Embassy was with them during their ordeal and , in the end , police did not arrest the women but decided that the children would at least be temporarily placed in government custody . "  I was scared . It was my job to protect those children and I did n't feel I could protect them when I was being harassed , " said Maria O'Donovan , who lives in Haiti and works at the orphanage where Reese and the other five children lived . CNN made attempts to reach the Haitian prime minister without success . Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar is backing Thacker 's efforts . "  They have filled out all the paperwork . This is a legitimate orphanage that has brought other children to America . And I feel like these little babies are just caught up in this international dispute , and it 's just not fair , " she said . CNN 's Ismael Estrada contributed to this report .	Police suspected key document -- permission signed by Haiti 's PM -- was fake Women , U.S. officials deny it is fake ; CNN 's attempts to Haitian PM unsuccessful Case follows arrests of 10 U.S. missionaries Missionaries charged with trying to take children out of Haiti without legal authorization
The U.S. Senate on Monday voted 97 to 0 in approving modest reforms aimed at strengthening prosecution of sex assaults in the military . Last week , senators blocked legislation that would have dramatically altered the way serious crimes in the military , like sexual assault and rape , are handled . The newly approved bill now goes to the House for consideration . Sen. Claire McCaskill said the changes adopted Monday , which were designed to bolster a series of similar reforms adopted last year , mean the U.S. military has "  one of the most victim-friendly justice systems in the world . " For months , the Missouri Democrat and former prosecutor was locked in battle with fellow Democrat , Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York , over how to best reform sex assault prosecutions in the military . There has been a steep rise in reported cases in recent years . Some 26,000 incidents of sexual assault and unwanted sexual contact were reported in 2012 alone , according to a Pentagon study . Gillibrand 's proposal , which was supported by a majority of senators but fell five votes shy of the 60 votes it needed to pass , would have removed commanders from deciding whether their subordinates should be prosecuted , leaving those decisions to military prosecutors . Opinion : New women 's issues , new challenges The idea was opposed by the Pentagon on the grounds that it would weaken command authority . McCaskill argued Gillibrand 's proposal would have led to fewer prosecutions and warned more victims could face retaliation from their fellow service members if their commanders were n't involved in the cases . The bill approved Monday would largely disallow the so-called "  good soldier " defense , which permits defendants to enter evidence of their good military character at trial to mitigate the charges against them . Groping allegation against Army officer who helps fight sex crime It also gives victims input into whether their case is prosecuted in a military or civilian court , providing "  a victim a greater degree of control of his or her case , " according to a summary provided by McCaskill 's office . In addition , it would apply the reforms adopted last year to the military service academies . The major reforms that became law last year include : removing the authority of commanders to overturn convictions ; providing attorneys to victims ; making it a crime to retaliate against a victim ; and requiring a dishonorable discharge for anyone convicted of sexual assault . Survivors of military sex assaults frustrated with legislation	Senate bill offered modest reforms to prosecuting cases Chamber last week turned back a bill that would have been tougher Measure was in response to spike in sex assault reports in the military Bill now goes to House for consideration
New Delhi  CNN  -- Police briefly detained famed Indian yoga guru Baba Ramdev on Monday after he tried to lead an anti-corruption march toward the national parliament building , a police spokesman said . "  Remove Congress and save the country , " the yoga guru said to thousands of supporters before officers took him into custody , referring to the ruling Congress Party . The saffron-clad yoga teacher , whose televised breathing exercises are watched by millions , has been staging a demonstration since last week to demand repatriation of what he calls "  black money , " or illegal Indian wealth in foreign banks . He also favors the creation of a strong anti-corruption watchdog agency to deal with endemic graft in the country , echoing a key demand raised by another veteran activist , Anna Hazare , whose hunger strikes last year galvanized huge public support . Ramdev was released shortly after police took him into custody , New Delhi police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said Monday . An unspecified number of Ramdev 's supporters who had been taken into custody also were released , Bhagat said . There were no reports of disorder during Monday 's demonstration , Bhagat said . Unlike last year , there were no attempts this year by the Indian government , led by the Congress Party , to negotiate with Ramdev and Hazare . Members of the party have in the past accused Ramdev of deceiving his followers and have questioned his wealthy lifestyle . For the past year , India has seen a series of anti-corruption protests in the wake of high-profile scandals that have shaken investor confidence in Asia 's third largest economy and rocked the government led by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . In June 2011 , riot police broke up Ramdev 's hunger strike in an overnight night raid in New Delhi . The crackdown gave fresh impetus to the nation 's Hindu nationalist opposition to target the federal government over corruption issues . Recently , Hazare launched a new hunger strike to add pressure to his persistent demands for a tough anti-corruption law . Hazare and his supporters are also seeking special investigations into allegations of corruption they have made against more than a dozen of India 's federal government ministers , including Singh . The government has denied the allegations . The 75-year-old former army driver ended the strike abruptly as crowds waned . He then announced he would work to give a new "  political alternative " to Indians . Earlier this year , the Congress Party suffered electoral defeat in the key state of Uttar Pradesh in a result that was widely seen as a litmus test for Singh 's government ahead of the 2014 national elections .	NEW : Baba Ramdev is released after short detention , police spokesman says Police detained Ramdev during attempt to march on Indian parliament building Monday Ramdev wants repatriation of illegal wealth held overseas and stronger corruption protections
Athens  CNN  -- Robbers broke into a museum in Olympia , the birthplace of the Olympics , tied and gagged a museum guard , and fled with stolen artifacts , Greek authorities said Friday . The two men raided the Museum of the History of the Olympic Games , a smaller building close to the main Archaeological Museum of Olympia , just after 7:30 a.m. local time , said Athanassios Kokkalakis , a police spokesman . The robbers "  approached the museum 's guard , tied her hands and bound her mouth and then went into the museum , where they took 65 to 68 small clay and brass small statues , and a gold ring , and put them in a bag and left . " Culture Minister Pavlos Geroulanos submitted his resignation after the robbery took place , the prime minister 's office said . Geroulanos ' office said his offer to step down not yet been accepted . The minister is on his way to Olympia to view the scene of the robbery . It is the second big theft of this kind this year in Greece . In January three art works , including a painting by Pablo Picasso and another by Piet Mondrian , were stolen from the National Gallery in Athens . Dimitra Koutsoumba , president of the Greek Archaeologists ' Association , said the latest attack was a sad and worrying incident . "  It is the first time that we have an armed robbery at a museum during operating hours . It shows that the cuts the Culture Ministry has made since the crisis hit in 2009 make it easier for such incidents to take place , " she said . "  The minister himself had told us that the cuts were ranging between 30 % and 35 % , and they include cuts in personnel . " She called for more importance to be placed on cultural heritage and said greater steps should be taken to protect irreplaceable items that belong to the nation . "  Such incidents are an issue of national security , " she said . "  The artifacts that were taken were mainly figurines related to the Olympics , so many were depicting athletes . " The museum , built on an ancient site in the Peloponnese peninsula , is considered among the most important in Greece . The ceremony for the lighting of the Olympic flame for the 2012 London Olympics is scheduled to take place on May 10 at the Ancient Olympia site , where the museum is located . The first Olympic Games were held in Olympia in 776 B.C. to celebrate the deity Zeus . A sanctuary at the site was dedicated to him .	NEW : Culture Minister Pavlos Geroulanos is traveling to Olympia to see the robbery scene NEW : Three art works , including a Picasso , were stolen from an Athens gallery last month The robbers took dozens of small statues and a gold ring from Olympia , police say The Archaeological Museum of Olympia is located at the birthplace of the Olympic Games
EW.com  -- Fox 's Batman prequel "  Gotham " has filled four major roles , including The Penguin and Alfred Pennyworth . The following actors will join star Ben McKenzie  "  Southland "  as Det. Gordon in the pilot : • Robin Lord Taylor as Oswald Cobblepot  a.k.a. the Penguin  . He 's described as having "  the brains of a chess grandmaster and the morals of a jackal , Oswald Cobblepot is a low-level psychopath for gangster Fish Mooney who hides his sadistic lust for power behind an exquisitely polite demeanor . " Taylor had appearances on several shows , most notably on AMC 's "  The Walking Dead " during season 4 , playing a survivor named Sam who runs into Rick and Carol . ` Game of Thrones ' star joins Fox 's ' 24 ' in major role • Next is Zabryna Guevara  "  Burn Notice "  as Captain Essen : "  Gordon 's boss at the GCPD Homicide Squad , Captain Essen balances the two worlds of police and politics with a Machiavellian skill that 's as much corporate litigator as cop . " • Sean Pertwee  "  Event Horizon "  as Alfred Pennyworth : "  A tough-as-nails ex-marine from East London , Alfred Pennyworth has loyally served the Waynes . Now , in the wake of their tragic deaths , he 's fiercely protective of the young Bruce Wayne . " • Erin Richards  "  Being Human "  as Barbara Kean : "  A sophisticated emergency room doctor , Barbara is the fiancée of James Gordon , joyful but with an edge of vulnerability . She stands by her future husband ... which can be difficult in a world as corrupt as Gotham . " Death Watch 2014 : TV show survival predictions "  Gotham " is billed as an origin-story prequel series to the Batman films from Warner Bros. . TV . Bruno Heller  "  The Mentalist "  wrote the pilot script and will serve as executive producer . Danny Cannon  "  Nikita "  will direct and executive produce the pilot . Thoughts ? Those descriptions are pretty intriguing . Love the idea of Alfred as a tough solider rather than merely a genteel butler  the DC Comics have a few different versions of Alfred 's backstory , but one is that he 's a retired intelligence agent  . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox 's Batman prequel has cast four major roles Robin Lord Taylor will portray Oswald Cobblepot , a.k.a. the Penguin "  Event Horizon 's " Sean Pertwee has been cast as Alfred Pennyworth The new actors will join Ben McKenzie , who 'll play Det. Gordon
CNN  -- As more and more celebrities sign up for a day at the races , a growing list are taking their passion for the sport one step further and becoming racehorse owners . From Hollywood directors such as Steven Spielberg to English Premier League soccer stars like Wayne Rooney , the lure of playing a bigger part in race day has led to many putting money into the development of one particular horse or even into the breeding of a whole group . Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood has a stud farm in the Republic of Ireland and even 1990s pop icon MC Hammer has been the proud owner of a Kentucky Derby entrant . Royalty dominates the list of celebrity successes on the track , with the United Arab Emirates-based Godolphin stable owned by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum turning out 200 winners a year , netting nearly $ 17 million in prize funds . And while other celebrity owners are not as prolific in the winning stakes , many do see it as a future business and a serious investment of their time and money . English soccer player Michael Owen is already co-owner in a stable which has trained many UK race winners -- including those owned by his former Manchester United teammate Wayne Rooney . United 's manager Alex Ferguson is also a racehorse owner . A former top-flight English footballer , Mick Channon , is now more renowned for training horses than he is for his achievements in a Southampton and England football shirt . Take a look at the gallery above to learn more about horse racing 's celebrity owners .	Big names in Hollywood are investing in racehorses Royalty is among the most prolific owners and trainers Soccer club Manchester United has strong links with racing Even 1990s pop icon MC Hammer invested in the sport
CNN  -- M13 was the only bear known to have been living wild in Switzerland , according to the Swiss national broadcaster . Despite that status , the young male was shot Tuesday morning in Poschiavo Valley , in the Alps near the Italian border , by authorities who feared he was a threat to people . The brown bear had become dangerous because he regularly sought out food in inhabited areas -- including a school -- and had started following people during the day , the Swiss Federal Environment Office said . The creature also showed little fear of humans despite several attempts to get it away from villages , it said . There was so much concern about the bear 's behavior , he was fitted with a radio collar so he could be closely monitored . And in November of last year , he was classified as a "  problem bear . " When M13 emerged from his winter hibernation recently , that pattern of behavior was repeated , pushing authorities to act , the environment office said in a prepared statement Wednesday . "  The bear M13 had certainly never showed any aggression toward man , but the risk that an accident might happen and that people might be badly injured or killed had become intolerable , " it said . Nonetheless , news of his death prompted grief and outrage on a Facebook page set up by supporters of M13 . Some questioned why he was n't relocated or placed in a zoo rather than being shot by wildlife officers . The Swiss branch of the World Wildlife Fund environmental campaign group said it was "  extremely disappointed " that the bear was killed . Joanna Schoenenberger , an expert on bears at the WWF , said it was far too soon to shoot M13 . M13 "  was in no way a problem bear , " she said , adding that wildlife officers should have continued efforts to make him more frightened of humans . "  His death is the result of a lack of acceptance of bears in Poschiavo , which is a direct consequence of a lack of information among the population , " she said . The risk remains that other bears might follow in M13 's paw prints and stray into Switzerland 's Grisons area . According to the Swiss Federal Environment Office , M13 was one of about 40 individuals originating in the Trentino Alto Adige area of Italy , where a reintroduction program is under way . The bear 's name comes from the system of identifying bears from that Italian population , with M standing for males and F for females , said WWF spokesman Philip Gehri . M13 was the 13th male from that group to be born in the wild . Faced with the migration of these bears , Swiss authorities have the dilemma of whether to try to protect the population as a whole or a few individuals , the environment office said . "  In order to give the bear population a chance to reestablish itself in Switzerland , circumstances sometimes arise when unfortunately an individual must be killed , " it said . Eight bears have entered Switzerland since 2006 , the WWF said . If others follow , they should not be killed "  simply because we have n't done our homework , " said Schoenenberger . The WWF advises that people in areas where bears may be present safeguard livestock , put garbage in bear-proof trashcans and protect beehives . And for the brown bear to survive in the Alps , its human neighbors must accept it , Schoenenberger said . Switzerland is not the only country to struggle with the question of how to help humans and natural predators coexist without friction . In the United States , lawmakers in Minnesota voted last year to allow limited hunting of wolves , after they were removed from federal protection . Conservation groups , including the Humane Society , opposed the decision , but the Minnesota-based International Wolf Center argued that wolves are a threat to domestic animals wherever the two coexist .	NEW : Bear called M13 "  was in no way a problem bear , " says conservation group expert It showed little fear of humans , Swiss wildlife service says The young male was killed in an Alpine valley near the border with Italy Supporters of M13 express their grief and outrage on Facebook
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It was the U.S. government 's version of the ticker in New York 's Times Square , blasting Havana 's main seaside strip with anti-Cuba slogans in 5-foot high crimson letters . It symbolized the tit-for-tat diplomatic row between Washington and Havana . Cuban flags flutter in front of the U.S. interests section building in Havana in 2007 . But the ticker at the top of the U.S. interests section in Cuba has gone blank , yet another signal the past half-century of animosity between the two countries is easing . State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said the ticker was turned off in June because it was not considered "  effective " as a means of delivering information to the Cuban people . The scrolling electronic sign , fitted across 25 windows of the U.S. interests section , ran quotes from American heroes , such as Martin Luther King 's "  I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up , " and Abraham Lincoln 's "  No man is good enough to govern another man without that other 's consent . " It also streamed news and political messages that blamed Cuba 's everyday problems on the communist regime led by Fidel Castro and the island 's socialist economy . The island 's transportation woes , for example , were the topics of jabs such as , "  Some go around in Mercedes , some in  Russian-built  Ladas , but the system forces almost everyone to hitch rides . " The sign -- erected in 2006 by the Bush administration and billed as a way to circumvent censorship and , the administration said , offer hope and freedom to Cubans oppressed by a brutal regime -- fueled a propaganda war with Fidel Castro , who referred to the U.S. interests section as "  the headquarters of the counterrevolution . " Calling the ticker an assault on Cuba 's sovereignty by an imperialist bully , an infuriated Fidel Castro marched 1 million Cubans past the interests section in protest , dug up the U.S. mission 's parking lot and blocked the ticker by erecting anti-U.S. billboards and 138 huge black flags to commemorate victims of so-called U.S. aggression . He promised there would be no contact between U.S.-based diplomats in Havana and Cuba 's foreign ministry until the sign came down . Fidel 's brother Raul Castro , who now rules Cuba , took down the anti-U.S. billboards this year as ties between the two countries improved . In April , President Obama lifted restrictions on Cuban-Americans traveling to the island and sending remittances to relatives there . And this month , U.S. and Cuban diplomats held their first talks since 2003 on Cuban migration to the United States . The State Department 's Kelly acknowledged most Cubans could n't read the ticker because of the counter-propaganda erected by the Cubans . The "  dueling billboards , " Kelly said , were not promoting a productive U.S.-Cuba relationship . Kelly said measures also announced by Obama in April to allow U.S. cell-phone networks and other telecommunication technology to operate on the island would do more to allow a free flow of information to the Cuban people .	Sign 's deactivation comes as relations between U.S. , Cuba improve Electronic sign was put on U.S. interests section building in Havana in 2006 Sign ran quotes from U.S. heroes , blasted Cuban government 's policies Cuba erected billboards to block the sign ; billboards were taken down this year
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will travel to Myanmar , where he will meet with President Thein Sein and activist Aung San Suu Kyi , on a trip to Asia later this month , the White House said Thursday . Obama will stop in Myanmar , also known as Burma , during a November 17-20 trip to "  speak to civil society to encourage Burma 's ongoing democratic transition , " according to a news release . It will be the first time a U.S. president visits the country . Aid group warns of difficulties treating victims of Myanmar violence The historic trip comes as Myanmar 's new reformist president has created a opening for further democracy there . Under Thein Sein , the Myanmar government has released hundreds of political prisoners in the past year , part of a series of reforms that have followed decades of repressive military rule . Western governments have responded to the efforts by starting to ease sanctions put in place to pressure the military regime . Myanmar authorities have also engaged in peace talks with rebel ethnic groups and allowed Suu Kyi 's party , the National League for Democracy , to successfully participate in special elections for the national parliament in April . Suu Kyi , a democratic freedom activist who spent 15 years under house arrest , traveled to Washington earlier this year to accept the U.S. Congressional Gold Medal Myanmar fighting kills 84 , displaces at least 22,500 She was kept for the better part of two decades under house arrest for advocating for democracy in Myanmar . The country 's former military rulers ordered her detention , and in recent years her case has received an international spotlight . She paid a hefty personal price for standing up for freedom in Myanmar , which suffered under 50 years of autocratic , repressive rule . Suu Kyi , who was awarded the medal in 2008 , freed from house arrest two years later and elected to the Myanmar parliament this year , a historic moment in the country . More recently , Myanmar has faced unrest between majority Buddhists and the Rohingya , an ethnic Muslim minority . The unrest began five months ago and has tested the efforts of Thein Sein 's administration to seek reconciliation with Myanmar 's different ethnic groups and move the country toward more democratic governance . Q&A : What 's behind sectarian violence in Myanmar ?	The White House announced that President Obama will visit Myanmar this month Obama 's trip is to encourage the ongoing democratic transition there He becomes the first president to visit that country
CNN  -- Investigators only recently were told that a natural gas pipeline that ruptured last year in San Bruno , California , killing eight people , had a leak more than 20 years before , federal officials said Wednesday . Deborah Hersman , chairwoman of the National Transportation Safety Board , made the disclosure during a visit to the blast site , where she announced new safety recommendations meant to address problems with emergency notification procedures . "  We are glad to see it , " Hersman said of the document on the 1988 incident nine miles away from San Bruno , "  but we expected to see it sooner . " The information was discovered May 20 during a search of millions of documents by hundreds of employees , PG&E spokesman Brian Swanson told CNN . It was turned over to federal investigators immediately , he said . "  We acknowledged several times that our record-keeping practices are not where they should be , " said Swanson , adding the utility has made improvements and will become an industry leader in making records available to assure the public it is operating safely . According to Swanson , the 1988 incident involved a "  trace " leak . Crews replaced a 12-foot pipe section , he said . Hersman , who said the recent discovery of the PG&E document raises questions about its ability to conduct proper risk assessments , met Wednesday with several affected families . The massive explosion in the pipeline created a 72-foot long , 26-foot-wide crater , and residents of the San Francisco suburb originally thought an airliner had crashed there . A 28-foot pipe segment was found about 100 feet away from the crater . The blast and fire destroyed 38 homes . The NTSB expects to release its final report on the probable cause in the next few months . It made several recommendations in January , and announced three more Wednesday . It recommended PG&E employees call 911 when a possible pipeline rupture is suspected . The NTSB also said the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration should issue similar guidelines to other utilities and companies . And the board recommended PHMSA urge pipeline operators to provide emergency response agencies with details about their systems . PG&E welcomed the recommendations and has made improvements , Swanson said . Workers in the field are verifying records , making visual inspections and pressure-testing pipelines similar to the one that exploded September 9 in San Bruno , he said . In April , Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood announced Monday that the Obama administration will push legislation designed to overhaul and upgrade America 's aging oil and gas pipeline network . The initiative is partly a response to a series of deadly pipeline explosions , including the one in San Bruno . A February pipeline explosion in Allentown , Pennsylvania , resulted in the deaths of five people . San Bruno 's faulty pipeline was installed in 1956 ; Allentown 's was installed in 1928 . LaHood called on the major pipeline companies to conduct a review of their oil and gas delivery systems to identify the lines with the highest risk . He also urged them to speed up the most critical repair work . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Federal investigators recently learned of 1988 leak Utility said it came across record during search of documents Pipeline rupture last year near San Francisco killed 8 National Transportation Safety Board issues new recommendations
CNN  -- Pele has backed Brazil to deliver a "  fantastic " World Cup amid growing fears the country will not be ready in time to host football 's showpiece event . The legendary former striker , who won three World Cups with Brazil between 1958 and 1970 , has rejected accusations that delays to a number of the 12 venues hamper his country 's ability to put on a spectacle . FIFA , the game 's world governing body , has confirmed it expects all six stadiums still under construction to miss the deadline of December 31 . "  I 've no doubt , " Pele told CNN when asked if he thought the World Cup would be a success . "  We had a little problem with the Confederations Cup  in June  but I 've no doubt the World Cup will be a fantastic show . " Two people were killed last month at Arena Corinthians when a crane hoisting a part of the metal roof collapsed , causing the piece to fall , partially damaging the building , according to a statement released by the construction company , Odebrecht Infrastructure . After meetings ahead of Friday 's World Cup draw , FIFA President Sepp Blatter said it had received confirmation that Arena Corinthians would not be completed until the middle of April . "  It is a question of trust , " he said at a press conference at the Costa Do Sauipe resort where the draw will be held . "  For the time being there is no Plan B. " Despite the setback , Pele is adamant that Brazil will be ready for the tournament , which is scheduled to start in Sao Paulo on June 12 . "  I think Brazil has the stadiums , " he said . "  We have eight months to go before the World Cup . We have to forget about the stadiums and pay attention to the game . " FIFA also confirmed that stadiums in Cuiaba , Manaus , Natal and Porto Alegre have yet to confirm their schedules , but are expected to host their first events in January 2014 . Curitiba , meanwhile , is scheduled to host its first match in late February or early March . Brazil has not hosted the World Cup since 1950 -- when it lost 2-1 in the deciding match to Uruguay . It is a result which still rankles with Pele . "  Listen , if I was God , I would like to see Brazil play against Uruguay , " he added . "  It 's a good opportunity to get revenge . "  To talk about the possibility today ... of course we have two national teams that play very good . "  I think Germany is at a very good level . Spain has a chance to get to the final and Brazil . "  At the moment those are the three national teams , but you can not forget Argentina , Italy , England -- all the teams that have tradition to be in the final . "  But I hope Brazil get to the final . " Pele sat down with CNN in Sao Paulo where he was shooting a Subway commercial with swimming champion Michael Phelps . He is set to take part in Friday 's World Cup draw where all 32 teams will discover their fate . But the 73-year-old says he is desperate to avoid pulling balls out of the pots in case he hands Brazil an impossible task to get through the group stage . "  I do n't know exactly what my role will be but normally when I 've been at other World Cup draws in other countries . my role was to take the ball , do interviews and talk with people . "  But here in Brazil , I will not try to take the ball because I 'm afraid I wo n't put Brazil in a good group . "	Brazilian football legend Pele says 2014 World Cup will be "  fantastic " FIFA has confirmed that three stadiums will miss deadline due to delays Three-time World Cup winner Pele insists his country will be ready
CNN  -- More than 100 people accused of planning attacks against police and oil installations have been arrested in Saudi Arabia , an Interior Ministry spokesman told CNN on Wednesday . Maj. Gen. Mansour Al-Turki said 101 people preparing attacks on police officers and 12 members of suicide cells plotting strikes on oil installations were seized over five months . The Saudis have been cracking down on militants for years . The Interior Ministry is publicizing this latest information to make the public aware of the bad intentions of some visitors to the kingdom . The incident that sparked the arrests took place in October 2009 , the ministry said . Two Saudi nationals disguised as women fired on a police unit , it said . Police returned fire and killed both men before they were able to detonate their explosive belts . Officers confiscated two extra suicide belts the men had carried with them , along with hand grenades , ammunition and foreign currencies . Intelligence from the incident led to the discovery that local residents had built terrorist cells made up mainly of residents and some foreigners who had entered the kingdom with the aim of committing suicide attacks against national structures and police , the Interior Ministry said . The investigation resulted in the arrest of more than 100 people directly linked to the two Saudi nationals in the October incident , the ministry said . Among those are 47 Saudis , 51 Yemenis , one Somali , one Bangladeshi and one Eritrean . During the arrests of the 101 suspects , police seized weapons , ammunition , video recording devices , computers , communication devices , money and documents , the ministry said . They also found scores of early communication indicating large sums of money paid in advance , Security officers also came across two suicide bombing cells with six members each and that were working independently of one another but were both linked to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the ministry said . It said officers arrested all 12 members -- 11 Saudis and one Yemeni -- as they were in the early stages of planning attacks against oil and security facilities in the Sharqiya region . The Saudis have been particularly concerned with the terror group since al Qaeda in Yemen merged with its Saudi counterparts to form al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , a U.S. official told CNN . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has made it clear its focus is on targeting government and western interests in both Saudi Arabia and Yemen , the official said , adding that this most recent plot does not appear to be connected to any operation beyond Saudi Arabia . Al Qaeda launched a wave of attacks on government buildings , oil installations and international contractors in Saudi Arabia in 2003 . The Islamic fundamentalist movement supports the overthrow of the Saudi monarchy and carried out the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the United States , the kingdom 's leading ally . The Saudis responded with thousands of arrests and , in some cases , fought gun battles with militants in Riyadh and other cities . Amnesty International last year issued a report saying that Saudi Arabia 's campaign against the al Qaeda terrorist network had led to "  massive human rights violations " by security forces , including torture and the arrest of non-violent reformists . CNN 's Octavia Nasr contributed to this report .	Ministry claim accused plotted attacks on police , strikes against oil installations Arrests linked to 2009 attack on police unit by Saudis disguised as women Two suicide cells linked to al Qaeda , Interior Ministry says Al Qaeda launched wave of attacks in Saudi Arabia in 2003
Editor 's note : CNN affiliates report on where job seekers are finding work across the country and how those looking for employment are coping with the situation . Job fairs are becoming more popular and are seeing record attendance . CNN  -- A record number of senior citizens attended a job fair this week in Loveland , Colorado . The fair , which targeted people 50 and older , drew the biggest crowd -- about 900 people -- for the annual event . Nan Cooper , a job seeker , said applicants have to do more these days than just walk into a prospective employer 's office with a resume . " -LSB- Times -RSB- have changed radically , " she told KMGH in Denver . "  I 've spent countless , countless hours on the Internet and filling out applications . " iReport.com : Share your job hunt story She said she had even applied for jobs through the online auction site eBay . Read the full report on KMGH Northeast : Job week seeks to solve ` disconnect ' between employers , job hunters Employers in the Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , area say they are having a difficult time filling 22,000 available positions . Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said this week the city would increase its participation in a job placement program , both monetarily and through city organizations . The mayor made his remarks as part of a kickoff event for Imagine Career Week , which links high school students and employers . A spokesman for one of the groups sponsoring the week 's events said there should n't be so many employers with open spots . "  At the same time , we have young people walking around famously saying that they ca n't find a job . There 's a big disconnect there someplace , " Paul Leger of the Allegheny Conference told WTAE . During the career week , students will visit businesses and prospective employers will visit classrooms . Read the full report on WTAE Southeast : Wal-Mart to increase its N.C. workforce by nearly 6 percent Wal-Mart said Wednesday it plans to add 3,000 jobs in North Carolina . The retail chain currently employs 51,000 people at 155 locations in the state . "  In a time when many are suffering , we want North Carolinians to know that we are here to stay , " David Cameron , general manager for the Carolinas , told WRAL of Raleigh . He did not say where the jobs would be located . North Carolina is one of eight states with unemployment above 10 percent . Read the report on WRAL Southeast : Military recruiter sees more potential airmen Technical Sgt. Greg O'Conner is staying very busy these days . He is an Air Force recruiter in Bradenton , Florida . "  With the way the economy is , recruitment is up , " he told Bay News 9 . "  I get dozens of calls every day and walk-ins from young men and women interested in joining the Air Force . " One of his recruits was 20-year-old Dakota Slentz , who can not afford to go to law enforcement training school . He said the Air Force offers a chance for great experiences as well as a great salary . In statistics provided by the Department of Defense , the Air Force has reported meeting its recruiting goals each month of the fiscal year , which began in October . Read the full report on Bay News 9 West : Sacramento project to bring thousands of jobs A building developer in Sacramento , California , says plans to turn rail yards into a residential and commercial district will require thousands of workers over the next 20 years . Suheil Totah of Thomas Enterprises told KCRA that initial projects like building roads will mean jobs for 3,000 people . The company said more than 56,000 people will be needed for the project in the next two decades . The 244 acres will be converted into a mix of homes , businesses , entertainment venues and government offices . Read the report on KCRA Around the nation Tennessee will use federal stimulus money to hire 12,000 people ages 24 and younger , WSMV reports . A food company is converting a North Carolina textile plant and bringing 172 jobs , WXII reports .	Job fair aimed at people 50 and older draws big crowd Pittsburgh area business executives meeting with high school students Wal-Mart adding 3,000 jobs in North Carolina Air Force recruiter in Florida has seen increase in interest
Jody Lee Hunt , the suspect in the fatal shootings of four people in West Virginia 's Monongalia County on Monday , has been located and is dead , the county 's Homeland Security Emergency Management Agency and state police said . The agencies offered no details about how the suspect died or where he was found . There was a search for Hunt , who was suspected of killing four people in three locations in Monongalia County , in the northeast part of the state . At least one of the shootings happened in Westover , in Monongalia County , and another shooting was reported in an unincorporated part of the county . "  Mr. Hunt did know each of these victims and we do have some key pieces of evidence that do point to him as being the suspect , including his social media traffic as well , " State Police Lt. Michael Baylous told CNN affiliate WTAE . "  We have an idea why this may have occurred , but we 're not in a position where we 're ready to release this as of yet . "	Police say suspect Jody Lee Hunt is dead They gave no details about where he was located or how he died He is believed to have known the victims , police say
ANCHORAGE , Alaska  CNN  -- If Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin thought her decision to step down might end ethics accusations against her , she quickly found out she was wrong . One dismissed claim cited Gov. Sarah Palin 's decision to wear an Arctic Cat logo during a snowmobile race as a conflict of interest . Just days after her bombshell resignation announcement , a new ethics complaint was filed with state authorities arguing that she should not be able to claim per diem funds when she stays at her Wasilla , Alaska , home instead of Anchorage or Juneau , where she has offices . The complaint says she was charging the state when she stayed in Wasilla and commuted to her offices . The governor 's mansion is located in Juneau . Palin claims she is the target of the "  politics of personal destruction , " as she and some staff members face 19 filings regarding allegations of ethical violations . "  It does n't cost the critics anything to file frivolous lawsuits or ethics violation charges . It costs our state such a great deal -- thousands of staff hours , millions of dollars in public resources that are n't going to things that it should be going to , " Palin told CNN . "  We have n't violated the ethics code . " The pressure and financial cost of such ethical investigations are a major reason cited by the governor in her decision not to finish her term . She said her family is facing more than $ 500,000 in legal fees and has set up a legal defense fund to help defray the costs . Many of the complaints have been dismissed . But Palin last month reimbursed the state more than $ 8,000 for travel expenses for nine trips , accompanied by her children , after the state paid for them . Another inquiry led to some new ethics training for a staff member . In all , state officials say they have spent $ 1,963,840 to answer records requests from the ethics filings and to respond in other ways to them . Records show that since January 1 , 2008 , the state has spent $ 296,043 on such investigations . Of these inquiries , the one that cost the most and drew the most attention was centered on whether Palin inappropriately fired the state 's director of public safety . This complaint had been filed weeks before Palin 's run for vice president . The public safety director claimed he was let go because of his refusal to fire a state trooper who was Palin 's former brother-in-law and who was locked in a bitter divorce and custody battle with the governor 's sister . Palin and her supporters argued it was because the director was insubordinate . An independent counsel found she had a right to fire him , but in doing so had violated a state ethics law . It found she had abused the powers of her office by pressuring employees to get the trooper fired . Although the governor and her supporters have criticized the investigations , Andree McLeod , who has filed four complaints against Palin , thinks they are entirely appropriate . "  I do n't really care what other people think . I am holding the governor accountable . Other people 's ignorance is not going to stymie me , " McLeod told CNN , surrounded by stacks of state documents she has collected from filing information requests and ethics complaints . "  I am exercising my right to get these public records to discover what Sarah Palin is up to , " McLeod said . McLeod , a registered Republican , has filed four complaints , including one alleging a friend of Palin 's was given preferential treatment in getting a state job . That filing was dismissed by a state board which investigates the claims . McLeod has also filed two lawsuits , including one regarding whether it was appropriate for state business to be discussed using private e-mail addresses . When ethics complaints are filed against the governor or her staff , the state has to hire an independent counsel to investigate the claims to avoid conflict of interest . Among other claims against Palin cite her wearing an Arctic Cat logo on a piece of clothing during a snowmobile race as a conflict of interest and another contending an interview she did after the presidential election in her state office was inappropriate . Those were dismissed . James Muller , a political science professor at the University of Alaska Anchorage , told CNN that , "  Some of -LSB- the complaints against Palin -RSB- are clearly fanciful , farcical . "  I think most of these ethical complaints are trivial . Almost all have been dismissed by the various levels of review that have taken them on , " Muller said . Any filings already in process before she leaves office will be concluded . Palin had signed a law making it easier to file such complaints . "  She 'd been pushing for that even before she was governor . To have it used in this way , to have it abused in the manner that it was is shameful . It 's much like the boy who cried ` wolf , ' " Thomas Van Flein , Palin 's attorney , told CNN .	Latest complaint : Palin charged the state when she stayed in Wasilla and commuted Gov. Sarah Palin says she 's the target of the "  politics of personal destruction " Palin says pressure , cost of ethics investigations are part of why she 's resigning "  I am holding the governor accountable , " says one Republican who has filed
CNN  -- Louis Oosthuizen shot a six-under par round of 64 to claim a share of the lead at the Byron Nelson Championship on Saturday . The South African reached the turn at one under for the day before firing five birdies on the back nine at the TPC Four Seasons Resort in Texas to jump 14 places up the leaderboard . The round leaves the former Open champion tied with America 's Brendon Todd on 10-under par with just one round to play . Todd , who fired a 64 in Friday 's second round , made more steady progress on Saturday equaling his opening round of 68 . One shot back are America 's James Hahn , who shot 65 , Gary Woodland  66  and Canada 's Mike Weir  67  . Four players are tied for sixth on eight-under par , with Ireland 's Padraig Harrington , Aussie Marc Leishman , Graham DeLaet of Canada and Morgan Hoffmann of the U.S. all well placed to challenge for the $ 1.242 million first prize . Australian Greg Chalmers and America 's Boo Weekley and Charles Howell III are on seven under par . Players Championship winner Martin Kaymer is having a quieter week so far but remains in contention despite a disappointing one-over par 71 . The German , who pipped Jim Furyk at Sawgrass last weekend , finished the day in a three-way tie for 15th , five shots off the lead . Read more : Campbell out of U.S. Open Read more : Kaymer holds on to claim Players Championship	Former Open champ swings into contention with a third round 64 at Byron Nelson Championship Oosthuizen tied with America 's Brendon Todd on 10-under par with one round remaining Players winner Martin Kaymer five shots back of lead
CNN  -- In the iconic film , "  To Kill a Mockingbird , " Atticus Finch , a white lawyer defending a black man accused of attempting to rape a white woman in the deep South , is delivering his closing argument to an all-white-male jury : "  In this country , our courts are the great levelers ... in our courts , all men are created equal , " he says . Like the fictional defendant in the film , black America knows all too well that in this country , the promise of equal justice for all is often a hollow one . That is never more true than in cases where a black man or boy is killed by a non-black . There will be much debate in the coming days about whether the not guilty verdict in the Zimmerman self-defense trial was the right or wrong outcome . Experts will analyze the strategy , tactics and performance of the prosecutors and the defense attorneys , seeking to explain it . This , however , will miss the bigger and more important point : In truth , when black boys and men are killed by non-blacks , more often than not , justice will not be served . Many black parents will try to explain to their children , especially their sons , what to make of the verdict , and they may be at a loss for words . How is it possible that a black child , walking where he had a right to walk , doing absolutely nothing wrong , could be pursued , confronted and ultimately shot dead by a neighborhood watch volunteer -- and the killer escape punishment ? LZ Granderson : Trayvon could have been my son White America can not conceive of such a thing happening to its children , nor can it imagine that , were such a travesty to occur , the killer would escape punishment . But for black America , Trayvon Martin is the latest name on a long list of African-American men and boys whose non-black killers escaped justice in America 's courts -- a list that runs from Emmett Till to Amadou Diallo to Oscar Grant to Sean Bell . Often , the killers are never even charged and brought to trial , which is precisely the course that the Zimmerman case would have taken were it not for the protests of African-Americans and others across the country . Waldman : Zimmerman case echoes issues of race , guns There was a time in this nation 's history , not so very long ago , when black America looked to the courts , particularly its federal courts , for justice , and received it , most notably in the area of civil rights . The courts , particularly the Supreme Court , were places where black America 's rights were validated and vindicated . Now , our courts are places where black America 's rights are often eviscerated . Black America 's belief in the possibility of receiving justice from our legal system is eroded by every verdict that fails to hold a killer who is not black accountable for the death of a black man or boy . I was at the mall in my predominantly African-American community doing late-night shopping when the verdict was read . Like the Black store clerks who waited on me , I did not expect that Zimmerman would be found guilty , but I did harbor that hope . Brazile : Doing what 's right not just about law Now , my heart is heavy , not merely because Zimmerman was acquitted , but also because we as a nation have yet to make Atticus Finch 's words ring true . Until we do -- until our courts are really "  the great levelers " in which "  all men are created equal , " African-Americans killed by non-blacks will not find justice in a system that fails to demand accountability for their lost lives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicole Austin-Hillery	Nicole Austin-Hillery : Justice in U.S. often hollow , especially for blacks killed by non-blacks She says whites ca n't conceive of a Zimmerman-like outcome happening with their children She says killers escaping punishment in death of young blacks has long history in U.S. Writer : Every verdict that fails to hold killer of black accountable erodes black 's trust in courts
CNN  -- An eclectic group of engineers , designers , artists , parents and lactation consultants came together at MIT over the weekend to improve a necessary , unpopular device : the breast pump . "  They are loud , they are painful , they are very expensive , they can cause pain and tissue damage , and they are weird , " said Alexandra Metral , a research affiliate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and mother of three . Together with a group of other MIT Media Lab researchers and students , Metral helped host a "  Make The Breast Pump Not Suck " hackathon in Boston . The 120 participants broke into 18 teams . They tinkered with old pumps and materials , consulted with volunteer experts and low-income working moms and came up with prototypes for what they hope will be the next generation of breast pumps . The winning team designed a pump for people who are n't able to take breaks to pump breast milk . Pumping while working means stopping all activity and heading to a secluded room for half an hour , multiple times a day . That loss of productivity is bad for employers and employees , and it can be difficult to do with active jobs such as nursing . The Mighty Mom utility belt turned a pump into a hands-free portable device that is worn discreetly under clothes and can work while the wearer goes about her regular routine . Many of the teams saw potential in wearable sensors and data . The PumpIO design used a smartphone and sensors to log data such as pumping times and amounts . A mother could share the information with her doctor , a lactation support consultant or a larger community of other pumping mothers to troubleshoot any issues . A handful of teams focused on mimicking the natural feel of breastfeeding a baby instead of the vacuum technology used by current pumps . A hands-free compression bra used small bladders that fill up to massage and compress the breast , drawing the milk out . Another used technology similar to blood pressure cuffs . A soft baby sling with little ears on it doubles as a holder for a pump , mimicking the feel , look and weight of carrying a child . The technology already exists to fix many of the biggest issues with breast pump technology , such as loud motors and bulky , weak batteries . "  There really is low-hanging fruit here , " said Metral . To make the leap from cool idea to actual product , the hackathon teams need to attract funding or the interest of a major pump manufacturer . Luckily , the event drew executives from major maternal health companies , including Medela and Ameda . And the winning team gets to pitch its idea to Silicon Valley investors . The group started as an idea for an art project : to make a wonderful breast pump that everyone wanted to wear . Then Catherine D'Ignazio , Metral and Alexis Hope realized the idea was n't so crazy after all . Spurred on by a piece in The New York Times ' Motherlode blog , they got a Hack the Breast Pump group together and decided to do something about it . The first "  Make the Breast Pump Not Suck " hackathon took place in May and included about 20 people . The response was huge . Over 1,000 people wrote in with their own problems , ideas and fixes on the group 's Facebook page . Some had specific issues , such as breast cancer survivors who wanted to breastfeed . Parents also shared their own fixes and solutions . As it turns out , moms have been hacking their own pumps for ages . Some knit cozies to muffle the loud noise the pump makes , others have created custom flanges to fit their unique shapes . Instead of just encouraging manufacturers to improve their designs , the Hack the Breast Pump group is making some hacks publicly available . They 'll publish 3D files online so anyone with access to a 3D printer can print custom accessories and parts that work with existing pumps .	120 people participated in a "  Make the Breast Pump Not Suck " hackathon at MIT The engineers , designers and parents created new takes on the breast pump The winner was a pump on a utility belt that could be worn under clothes
CNN  -- A proposed mosque and Islamic center in Murfreesboro , Tennessee , is dividing the city about 35 miles southeast of Nashville , Tennessee . Residents are battling about whether the center should exist , and if not , why not . The Islamic Center of Murfreesboro currently resides in the southwest part of town . The center purchased a new 15-acre site just a few miles to the east in November for $ 320,000 , according to its website , with plans to build on the property . Proponents of the mosque allege the opponents are displaying religious intolerance , while people fighting the mosque say zoning concerns and worries about Islamic radicalism are their chief concerns . Several hundred opponents marching from a middle school to a courthouse faced off against roughly the same number of counter-protesters Wednesday . The rhetoric was heated . Protesters bore signs with slogans such as "  MOSQUE LEADERS SUPPORT KILLING CONVERTS . " "  In Islam , a mosque means ` We have conquered this country , ' " one man told CNN affiliate WTVF . "  And where are they ? They 're in the center of Tennessee . They 're going to say , ` We have conquered Tennessee . ' " Despite the polarizing debate , the march was nonviolent . Murfreesboro Police spokesman Kyle Evans said Thursday that "  no reports of any kind " were filed . Kevin Fisher , who led the protest , said opponents are "  going to contend every brick that 's laid . " "  We 're going to keep marching , attending meetings , " Fisher said . "  There may be legal stuff coming down the road at some point . " Fisher said he 's mainly concerned about water quality , soil contamination and traffic flow on the nearby Bradyville Pike , which he says is a dangerous highway . "  This has nothing to do with racism or religious intolerance at all . It 's about a difference of opinion , and in America that 's OK , " said Fisher , an African-American who said he has experienced racial intolerance in his life . "  Religion . Race . These are just code words ... used to distract from the real issues , " he said . "  If Home Depot was burying bodies in the water supply ... I would be equally concerned . " The water and soil concerns stem from the Islamic center 's burying a body on the new property "  without a casket or proper embalming , " Fisher said . Doug Demosi , the Rutherford County Regional Planning Commission Director , said Thursday the center had permission before interring the body and it does n't appear any state regulations were violated . "  Generally , religious organizations are exempt from some rules , " Demosi said . The center does not have approval for future burials and the planning commission has no plans to allow a cemetery on the grounds , Demosi added . Claire Rogers , the spokeswoman for the group that organized Wednesday 's counter-protest , Middle Tennesseans for Religious Freedom , disputed Fisher 's assertions . "  No one marches to a courthouse to deliver a petition based on traffic concerns , " she said . The Facebook page for Rogers ' group says , "  We , as tolerant and loving community members , come together to defend the right of any member of our community to worship and express his , her , or their faith no matter the religion . We will not stand idly by while Muslim people in our community are represented falsely and assaulted on a psychological level . " While some of the marchers may have been inspired to protest by the water , soil and traffic concerns , "  from signs being held and things supporters said , it was evident that was not the driving force . It 's a result of Islamaphobia and misinformation about local Islamic community , " Rogers said . Fisher said his "  group of concerned citizens " is focused on stopping the new facility from being built . He has filed a grievance against the Rutherford County Regional Planning Commission , claiming that commission failed to provide adequate public notice on the internet when it was considering the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro 's site plans . Demosi said the commission has been cleared of any violation of open meeting requirements . Demosi said that since the Islamic Center offered site plans for approval that did n't involve rezoning , the commission only was legally bound to post a notice in a general circulation newspaper , which it placed in the Murfreesboro Post . The commission has placed its notices in the Murfreesboro Post for the past two years , after years of posting them in Murfreesboro 's larger Daily News Journal , Demosi said . He said the change was made in an effort to save taxpayer dollars . Demosi admitted the commission did n't make any mention on its website of plans to discuss the Islamic Center at its May 24 hearing , and said he was n't sure why that information was never posted online . But he said internet postings are a "  courtesy we have n't been doing all that long , " not a legal requirement . "  We followed our protocols and feel that we did it according to the letter of the law , " Demosi said . But Jay Heine , campaign manager for Republican Congressional candidate Lou Ann Zelenik , said that the commission did n't do its due diligence scrutinizing the Islamic center 's funding and ties , rushing the process through . Earlier this week , Zelenik called for a "  clean accounting and thorough investigation " of individuals involved with funding the proposed Islamic center and expressed concerns that one of the center 's board members had hate speech on his MySpace page and supports Hamas , which the United States has designated a terrorist group . CNN affiliate WTVF reported that Islamic leaders said a board member has been suspended while they investigate the hate-speech claims . "  Lou Ann was on the planning commission until she ran for Congress . These are things she herself would have looked into more , " Heine said . Zelenik is running in the August 6 primary . On the Democratic side , candidate Ben Leming , a U.S. Marine and veteran of the Iraq war , has criticized Zelenik 's position on the mosque , saying she and other local leaders are using fear to divide the community . "  What do we have to be afraid of ? During my deployments around the world , I have worked , trained , and broken bread with Muslims . ... The people that want to build a house of worship in Murfreesboro are not the enemy , " he was quoted as saying in a June 18 story published in the Daily News Journal . Repeated calls to the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro were not immediately returned Thursday . A statement on the center 's website said that 95 percent of the money for the project was raised locally , in middle Tennessee , in a three-month period . "  This is the first step in multistage endeavor process that may last up to several year -LSB- s -RSB- based on our community 's growth and the fundraising , " the website said . The long-term plans for the new Islamic Center call for a buildout to 52,000 to 53,000 square feet , but the first phase would be less than 10,000 square feet , Demosi said . He said that because of the relatively small initial size of the center , he did n't believe traffic impact would be as bad as Fisher expected , but added , "  In 20 to 25 years it may be worse and we can re-assess . " Murfreesboro 's population has spiked in recent years . It grew about 33 percent , from 68,816 people to 92,559 , between 2000 and 2006 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . In 2000 , about 5 percent of Murfreesboro 's populace was foreign-born -- almost twice the average in the state of Tennessee , the Census Bureau said . Rogers said the population influx may have sparked some xenophobia on the part of some residents , but she said it "  helps enrich " the college town . Murfreesboro is home to Middle Tennessee State University , which has an enrollment of 25,188 , according to the university website .	Islamic Center of Murfreesboro wants to change location , build a mosque Proponents of the mosque say opponents are displaying religious intolerance People fighting the mosque cite zoning concerns , worries about radicalism
CNN  -- "  American Idol " lost two stars this week when judges Steven Tyler and Jennifer Lopez announced they would not be returning next season , but the hit Fox show could gain itself The Queen . Aretha Franklin , an 18-time Grammy Award winner who Rolling Stone proclaimed the greatest female singer of all time , told CNN in an e-mail Saturday that she is interested in joining the show as a judge . Franklin , 70 , who wowed the Essence Music Festival crowd last week in New Orleans and is now performing in Las Vegas , says she has long been a fan of the show . Now instead of watching it with the rest of America , she 's ready to play a vital role in choosing the next "  American Idol . " And as the Queen of Soul would do , she 's already thinking about bringing along a sidekick : songstress Patti LaBelle . Fox declined to comment on Franklin on Saturday night . The addition of Franklin could help Fox stop the ratings slide of "  Idol , " which saw it lose its spot as the top show of the year to NBC 's "  Sunday Night Football . " The addition of similar singing contests to primetime television has increased the competition for viewers . Fox 's "  The X Factor " recently added pop star Britney Spears after booting former "  Idol " judge Paula Abdul and Nicole Scherzinger of the Pussycat Dolls . NBC 's "  The Voice " -- "  Idol 's " closest competitor -- has gained ground with judges Cee Lo Green , Adam Levine , Christina Aguilera , and Blake Shelton . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Aretha Franklin tells CNN she is interested in joining "  American Idol " as a judge Steven Tyler and Jennifer Lopez announced this week they are leaving the show Fox declined to comment about Franklin
CNN  -- Fans of China 's outspoken artist Ai Weiwei are not shy when it comes to posing nude . The nude photos are part of an effort by Ai fans to show their support for the controversial artist who says he 's being investigated on porn charges . The latest allegations come after Ai was slapped with tax evasion charges , which he says is punishment for his outspoken criticism of the Chinese government . Beginning this month , thousands of Ai supporters have donated money to help him pay an estimated 15 million yuan  $ 2.3 million  fine that the Beijing tax bureau says his design company Beijing Fake Cultural Development Ltd. owes in back taxes . Ai paid $ 1.3 million last week to prevent his wife , who runs the company , from going to jail and to appeal the charges . Only moral victory possible against China , dissident says Supporters donated an estimated 9 million yuan to help him pay the fines and now they 're lending their bodies by posting photos online . More than 100 online supporters from around the world have posted images of themselves in nude poses -- a nod to a photo of Ai titled "  One Tiger , Eight Breasts " taken last year with four women -- all of them nude . As a result , Ai says he is under investigation on porn charges . The photo tactic has grown so quickly that a new website has surfaced featuring posts by fans with the slogan , "  Listen , Chinese Government : Nudity is not Pornography . On blogger writes , "  Do n't be afraid to bare all ! The body is beautiful ! " Another one says , "  I love my body and freedom . " Photos run the creative gamut from racy shower scenes to just breasts or buttocks . Others hide their private parts with photos of Ai , pose like famous statues by Rodin , display their middle fingers to the camera while covering their faces or even pose while on the toilet . Despite the support , Ai says he is not optimistic when it comes to his tax charges and says he does n't believe in justice from the government since his detention for 81 days in April .	Chinese artist Ai Weiwei says he 's being investigated on porn charges Artist 's fans are posting nude photos online in protest of the porn allegations Ai faces tax evasion charges , which he calls punishment for outspokenness
CNN  -- If you 're looking for love and not having much luck , maybe you could increase your success by getting a bit more passionate -- about helping others . Dave Chung and Kim Benty share a love of volunteer work in New Orleans . When singles write to advice columnists complaining about being lonely , they are often urged to volunteer . Duane Bates , the public relations director for Habitat for Humanity , says it 's not unusual for their volunteers to meet on a building site and "  end up together . " Victor Fasolino was living in New Jersey and his future wife , Lora , was living in Seattle , Washington , when the two met in Hungary in 1996 while volunteering on a Jimmy Carter Work Project for Habitat . "  I thought she was an attractive young lady , " recalls Victor Fasolino , adding that they were working 10-12 hour days so it was n't until the project was almost complete that they got to spend much time together . Both were committed volunteers and had signed up for a Habitat fundraising bike ride of 500 miles two weeks after they returned to the United States . They got to know each other while pedaling from Kentucky to Atlanta , Georgia . The two got married one year later atop a house they helped build during another project in Pikesville , Kentucky . Other volunteers had cleaned and scraped a ladder so the bride would n't get her wedding gown dirty climbing to the roof . The groom wore a tuxedo , a local minister officiated and a fiddler joined them on the roof to provide the music . This year , Victor , 56 , and Lora Fasolino , 46 , will again work on former President Carter 's 2009 Habitat work project , building houses in five countries : Vietnam , Cambodia , Thailand , Laos and China -- along the Mekong River in southeast Asia . In 2007 , Dave Chung and Kim Benty found each other while helping Hurricane Katrina victims in New Orleans , Louisiana . Chung had been a pro golfer playing mini-tours in California and living half the year in Toronto , Ontario , when he got the urge to drive down to New Orleans to volunteer . "  I really liked the place , and the people , " says Chung . "  The original plan was to come down here for two months and go to a friend 's wedding , but I ended up staying . " At first the 30-something golfer worked for Habitat for Humanity , learning plumbing and wiring . Then he went to work with Liz McCartney , 2008 CNN Hero of the Year , at the St. Bernard Project . Meanwhile , Kim Benty , 36 , an interpreter for the deaf in the western New York town of Batavia , began a series of trips in July 2007 to work with volunteers in the same area . Benty was smitten after meeting Chung on her first trip , but he merely smiled and went back to work . "  He was doing a little of everything , a runner , bringing supplies , our construction manager , " Benty remembers . "  I thought , you know , I am just another volunteer to him . " There were several more trips , a few chance meetings -- but no sparks . But something changed when they met yet again in December 2008 at a friend 's Christmas party . "  We just hit it off that night , " Chung says . Chung says he was attracted to her for a million little reasons : "  She 's attractive , fun to be around and both of us are kind of easygoing . " But then it was time for Benty to go back to New York and for Chung to make the long drive to Canada to see his relatives . Chung 's New Year 's Eve plans fell though , so he asked Benty about coming down . They hung out for a few days and Chung was set to drive by himself back to New Orleans . "  She hopped in the car with me , and came down . It really surprised the people who knew her , " Chung says , "  because she is the kind of person who likes to plan everything . " "  Ha , it did surprise people , " Benty admits . "  I am very conservative , a planner , it was out of context for me . " They both admit they are at a crossroads of sorts . Psychologist Diana Kirschner , author of the book , "  Love in 90 Days , " says the couple 's relationship could go either way . "  I 've seen couples come together in some kind of mission or some kind of movement , and they work together really well when they 're within the mission . There 's a sense of a bond because of their joint commitment to the mission , " says Kirschner . "  But then when the mission ends , or if it ends , they just look at each other and find they have nothing in common . " "  However , I 've also seen it where couples come together like this and basically decide to stay on the mission the rest of their lives . And they marry and they stay on the mission . Their marriage is all about being together and helping each other fulfill their purpose in this mission , " Kirschner says . That 's what happened to Carol and John Coonrod , who met in 1985 while working for several weeks in Washington on a book promotion for the The Hunger Project , an organization dedicated to ending hunger and poverty in the world . "  The last night when we all went out for a drink , we kind of looked at each other and noticed who we 'd been working with all that time -- and we 've been together ever since , " said Carol Coonrod , 62 , adding that her husband , 57 , always says , "  We 're living happily ever after . " The couple , who have no children , are both on staff at the organization . "  We 've had a relationship that was formed within The Hunger Project and that has always been our senior mission , part of a senior commitment , " said Carol Coonrod . "  And within that we 've created a partnership and a marriage . " Their shared passion for their work has driven them during their more than two-decade marriage . "  As we 've gotten older , we 've sort of rediscovered the rest of life and we 've continued to be partners , not only in work , but also in our leisure and the rest of our life . We 're wonderfully compatible and enjoy vacation and nonwork time as much as working together , " says the veteran volunteer . The younger volunteer couple is still pondering their relationship . "  We 're not trying to put pressure on ourselves , we are trying to have a good time , " Chung says . But they are certain about one thing . "  Our passion is to be down here with the St. Bernard Project , " says Benty . "  You know , that is how life works , " Chung said . "  It works in strange ways . Stuff you do n't plan on is the stuff you remember . "	Couple who met working with Habitat for Humanity gets married atop house Organization spokesman says it 's not unusual for volunteers to "  end up together " Passion for ending world hunger brings Carol and John Coonrod together
Hoylake , England  CNN  -- You can tell when Tiger Woods is stalking a major championship . The air gets thicker , the galleries larger and the bristle of excitement notably louder . Especially in this part of the world , because Liverpool 's love affair with Woods clearly has n't slowed in the eight years since he last walked the fairways at Hoylake and claimed the 2006 British Open title . But that exuberance might have frayed the edges of Tiger 's love for Liverpool , such was the determination of some of the thousands of fans who followed him around Thursday to capture a memento . "  There were a lot of cameras out there and we were backing off a lot of shots , " the 14-time major champion told reporters after his opening round of three-under-par 69 , a further three behind clubhouse leader Rory McIlroy . "  It was tough . Unfortunately people just do n't put their phones on silent and some of the professional guys were getting on the trigger a little early . "  I 've had numerous years of dealing with this . You 've just got to stay focused out there . " It might have been Woods ' first major for nearly a year , injuries taking their toll on his 38-year-old body , but the surroundings were at least familiar . Victory here was his first since the passing of his father . After tapping in on the 18th green , the then world No. 1 collapsed into tears . Perhaps that is the reason Hoylake holds him in such affection , given it was a rare occasion when one of sport 's great stonewallers turned on the waterworks . "  I was here that day when Tiger won and then broke down , " says Nick Smith , a native of Liverpool and one of many who tailed Woods for the entirety of his round on Thursday . "  We celebrated with him and cried with him . " The landscape is different eight years on -- Tiger 's walk is n't quite so tall . His last major title came barely 18 months after success at Hoylake , and the following years have been a litany of near misses , injuries and one off-course maelstrom of his own making . But the fascination for him remains undimmed , illustrated by the thousands that roared him off the first tee just after 9 a.m. on a still and sunny Wirral day . While he still commands huge crowds , there seems a tangible shift in mood ; that people have come to see the man who once ruled supreme , rather than someone who can hit those heights again . There was still the odd unwitting sheep among a devout flock . One man who asked "  Who is this ? " as Tiger strolled down the first fairway was met with a rather stinging response : "  There 's 5,000 people following him , who do you think it is ?! " Though Woods ' gait might not have been entirely recognizable to all , the quality of his golf during Thursday 's fledgling stages was in keeping with recent disappointments . Two dropped shots on the first two holes elicited groans from the gallery , one man remarking to no-one in particular : "  There 's always next year , Tiger . " As the world No. 7 reached the fourth green , faces pressed against the windows of a double-decker bus crawling past on the main road that flanks the eastern part of the course . A par there seemed to lift Woods , who birdied the next to energetic applause . Chances came and went , one missed birdie putt on the 10th prompting a sigh as another patron opined : "  He used to rattle those in for fun . " Woods needed a spark from somewhere , and he got it on the back nine . A birdie from off the green at the 11th saw the first release of that famous Woods fist-pump , amid cheers from those who 'd scrambled up grassy banks to net a glimpse . It is n't just spectators who stick to Woods on his way around the course . After a fine shot on the par-four 12th , which would yield another birdie , Woods strode over the brow of the hill with a cavalcade of cameramen , photographers and reporters in tow . Perhaps this is why he can appear emotionless and steely while walking the links -- it 's simply his method of blocking out the circus that follows his every move . A expertly-struck shot on 13 carved a path through the steadily building wind thrown up from the River Dee and set up another opportunity . The bellow that communicated its success underscored the joy those present felt at capturing their own slice of Woods magic firsthand . A wayward approach to the 14th resulted in a dropped shot , reclaimed immediately at 15 . And by the time a delicate chip on the 16th tiptoed towards the hole and offered a tap-in for birdie , Woods had made a blitz of five in six holes . Pars followed on 17 and 18 , when he was clearly irritated again by an eager photographer 's trigger finger , but his final tally of three-under was more than had looked likely after that inauspicious beginning . "  I did n't get off to the best of starts but I turned it round , " he said . "  The forecast the next few days is supposed to be iffy -- guys are n't going to go over and above . "  There 's a ton of players between two and four under par and that is the way I think this championship is going to unfold . " One brave journalist ventured that it had felt like "  old times " as the American went on his run of five birdies in six , a statement that was met with a roll of the eyes and the reply : "  It was n't that long ago . " But the signs are promising . Not only did Woods turn things around , he also reported feeling fitter each day after the back surgery that sidelined him for four months . "  I 'm getting stronger , I 'm getting faster , I 'm getting more explosive and the ball is starting to travel again -- those are all positive things , " he added . "  It felt good to be out there competing again . " With that Woods left a crowded press tent and made a beeline for the practice range . "  I thought he 'd be taller than that , " a punter said as Woods bustled past . Give it a few days and he just might be .	Tiger Woods returns to the scene of his last British Open success The 2006 champion cards three-under-par 69 in opening round He won his third Open title at Hoylake after death of his father American followed by thousands of golf fans on Thursday
STRASBOURG , France  CNN  -- President Obama on Friday called on Europe and the United States to drop negative attitudes toward each other and said "  unprecedented coordination " is needed to confront the global economic crisis . President Obama delivers remarks at a town hall meeting Friday in Strasbourg , France . Speaking at a packed town hall meeting in Strasbourg on his first overseas trip as president , Obama said , "  I 'm confident that we can meet any challenge as long as we are together . " It 's easier to allow "  resentments to fester " than "  to forge true partnerships , " the president said . "  So we must be honest with ourselves . In recent years , we 've allowed our alliance to drift . I know that there have been honest disagreements over policy . But we also know that there 's something more that has crept into our relationship . "  In America , there 's a failure to appreciate Europe 's leading role in the world . Instead of celebrating your dynamic union and seeking to partner with you to meet common challenges , there have been times where America 's showed arrogance and been dismissive , even derisive . "  But in Europe , there is an anti-Americanism that is at once casual but can also be insidious . Instead of recognizing the good that America so often does in the world , there have been times where Europeans choose to blame America for much of what 's bad . Watch Obama tell crowd he 's come to Europe "  renew our partnership " " "  On both sides of the Atlantic , these attitudes have become all too common . They are not wise ; they do not represent the truth . They threaten to widen the divide across the Atlantic and leave us both more isolated . " Obama 's comments came after the G-20 meeting in London , England -- which Obama called "  a success " of "  nations coming together , working out their differences , and moving boldly forward " -- and on the eve of a NATO summit in Strasbourg marking that organization 's 60th anniversary . "  I 've come to Europe this week to renew our partnership -- one in which America listens and learns from our friends and allies , but where our friends and allies bear their share of the burden , " he said at the town hall meeting . "  Together , we must forge common solutions to our common problems . "  So let me say this as clearly as I can : America is changing . But it can not be America alone that changes . "	U.S. president calls for "  unprecedented coordination " to take on economic crisis U.S. has "  been dismissive , " and Europe has shown "  anti-Americanism , " he says Obama : "  On both sides of the Atlantic , these attitudes have become all too common " Comments come at town hall meeting in Strasbourg , France
LONGYEARBYEN , Norway  CNN  -- A vast underground vault storing millions of seeds from around the world took delivery of its first shipment Tuesday . The inside of one of the vaults at the Svalbard Global Seed Vault , on a remote island near the Arctic Ocean . Dubbed the "  Doomsday Vault , " the seed bank on a remote island near the Arctic Ocean is considered the ultimate safety net for the world 's seed collections , protecting them from a wide range of threats including war , natural disasters , lack of funding or simply poor agricultural management . Norwegian musicians performed Tuesday as part of an elaborate opening ceremony marking the opening of the vault , located 130 meters  427 feet  inside a frozen mountain . Wangari Maathai , a Kenyan environmental and political activist who won the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize , placed the first seeds inside the vault , followed by other dignitaries . The inaugural shipment represent 268,000 distinct samples of seeds , with each sample containing a hundred-plus seeds and originating from a different farm or field around the world . In all , the shipment of seeds secured in the vault Tuesday weighed approximately 10 tons , filling 676 boxes . The shipment amounts to a 100 million seeds in total , ranging from major African and Asian food staples like maize , rice , and wheat to European and South American varieties of eggplant , lettuce , barley , and potato , according to the Global Crop Diversity Trust , which is paying to collect and maintain the seeds . Watch as "  Doomsday " seed vault opens " Eventually the Svalbard Global Seed Vault , as it is officially known , will hold as many as 4.5 million distinct samples of seeds -- or some 2 billion seeds in total -- encompassing almost every variety of most important food crops in the world , the Global Crop Diversity Trust said . The Norwegian government paid to build the vault in a mountainside near Longyearbyen , in the remote Svalbard islands between Norway and the North Pole . Building began last year . The United Nations founded the trust in 2004 to support the long-term conservation of crop diversity , and countries and foundations provide the funding . "  The seed vault is the perfect place for keeping seeds safe for centuries , " said Cary Fowler , executive director of the trust . "  At these temperatures , seeds for important crops like wheat , barley and peas can last for up to 10,000 years . " The vault 's location deep inside a mountain in the frozen north ensures the seeds can be stored safely no matter what happens outside . "  We believe the design of the facility will ensure that the seeds will stay well-preserved even if such forces as global warming raise temperatures outside the facility , " said Magnus Bredeli Tveiten , project manager for the Norwegian government . The vault sits at the end of a 120-meter  131-yard  tunnel blasted inside the mountain . Workers used a refrigeration system to bring the vault to -18 degrees Celsius  just below 0 degrees Fahrenheit  , and a smaller refrigeration system plus the area 's natural permafrost and the mountain 's thick rock will keep the vault at at least -4 C  25 F  . The vault at Svalbard is similar to an existing seed bank in Sussex , England , about an hour outside London . The British vault , called the Millennium Seed Bank , is part of an scientific project that works with wild plants , as opposed to the seeds of crops . Paul Smith , the leader of the Millennium Seed Bank project , said preserving the seeds of wild plants is just as important as preserving the seeds of vital crops . "  We must give ourselves every option in the future to use the whole array of plant diversity that is available to us , " Smith told CNN . The idea for the Arctic seed bank dates to the 1980s but only became a possibility after the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources came into force in 2004 , the Norwegian government said . The treaty provided an international framework for conserving and accessing crop diversity . Svalbard is designed to store duplicates of seeds from seed collections around the world . The Norwegian government says it has paid 50 million Norwegian Kroner  $ 9.4 million  to build the seed vault . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Becky Anderson contributed to this report .	Ultimate safety net for the world 's seed collections has opened in Norway The vault received inaugural shipments of 100 million seeds Norwegian govt . built vault in glacial mountain between Norway and North Pole
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria 's acting head of state has urged citizens to maintain peace and stability while the nation 's ailing president recuperates after more than three months at a Saudi Arabia hospital . Vice President Goodluck Jonathan 's comments came after President Umaru Yar ` Adua returned home early Wednesday , but his condition is unknown . He left Nigeria in November for treatment for inflammation of tissue around his heart , creating a power vacuum in Africa 's most populous nation for months . Nigerian lawmakers voted earlier this month to install Jonathan as acting head of state . On Wednesday , Jonathan assured Nigerians "  that the ship of state is on course " and lauded Yar ` Adua 's return , but did not give details on his condition . "  It is at times like this that all patriots must rise to the occasion , and place the interest of the country above every other consideration , " the acting president said in a statement . Jonathan will continue to oversee the nation as the president recuperates , but his health has "  greatly improved , " said presidential spokesman Olusegun Adeniyi . Yar ` Adua 's absence sparked protests in the capital , Abuja , where demonstrators demanded a constitutional order on his absence and evidence about his condition . During his absence , some incidents in the west African nation sparked international headlines , prompting more backlash . A Nigerian man was charged with attempting to bring down a U.S.-bound plane on Christmas Day . A cease-fire Yar ` Adua had spear-headed with militants also started unraveling , and religious conflict in the city of Jos killed hundreds . Yar ` Adua 's return sparked fears of more instability in the oil-rich nation . A statement from the U.S. State Department hailed the news , but said it hoped his return was not an effort by his advisers to topple stability and renew uncertainty in the democratic process . "  Nigeria is an extraordinarily important country to its friends and partners , and all those in positions of responsibility should put the health of the president and the best interests of the country and people of Nigeria above personal ambition or gain , " Assistant Secretary of State Johnnie Carson said in a statement . "  As a nation of 150 million people , Nigeria 's democracy and its continued adherence to constitutional rule should be the highest priority , " the statement added . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Vice President Goodluck Jonathan is acting head of state President Umaru Yar ` Adua underwent three months of treatment in Saudia Arabia Yar ` Adua 's absence sparked protests in the capital , Abuja
CNN  -- Kenyan troops are battling the Islamic extremist group Al-Shabaab in neighboring Somalia , westerners are being targeted at Kenyan tourist resorts and fears are high of terror attacks in Nairobi . What are the reasons behind the unrest and what is likely to happen next ? What is the source of the unrest ? A state of near-anarchy has existed in Somalia for more than two decades : the government has little authority , violent conflict has left thousands dead , and the country has recently been hit by a devastating famine . Pirates have taken advantage of the power vacuum to prey on vessels large and small off the country 's coast , but over the past few months , Al-Shabaab militants appear to have added a new tactic : kidnapping foreign tourists and aid workers in Kenya  though some in Al-Shabaab deny involvement in the abductions .  Al-Shabaab already generates tens of millions of dollars a year , much of it by controlling ports along the Somali coast , according to a recent United Nations report . U.N. report : Al-Shabaab is raising millions illegally in Somalia How has Kenya responded to the kidnappings ? Responding to fears that foreign investors and tourists could be scared away , Kenyan forces last month entered Somalia , saying the kidnappings threatened security and constituted an attack on Kenyan sovereignty . Kenyan forces say they are ultimately seeking to take the Somali port city of Kismayo , described by the U.N. as a key stronghold and source of cash for Al-Shabaab . Fears grow over Somali pirates ' ` new tactics ' after kidnaps , killing What has been the response ? The incursion has raised fears of reprisals with Al-Shabaab saying it considers it an affront to Somalia 's sovereignty . Last month  October  the U.S. Embassy in Kenya said it had credible information of an imminent terror attack on foreigners . The following day , twin explosions in Nairobi killed at least one person . Many worry the action will make Kenya less safe , not more so . Security analyst Rashid Abdi , from International Crisis Group , told CNN : "  There is a risk that while the argument for going in is to stop terrorism , the contrary could now be the case . Al-Shabaab will now have the pretext to strike Kenya . " How likely is Kenya 's operation to succeed ? Any foreign intervention in Somalia is a big risk , say experts who point to recent history as proof , in particular America 's ill-fated "  Black Hawk Down " mission in 1993 when U.S. forces tried to capture a local warlord - resulting in many deaths on both sides , Ethiopia 's U.S.-backed invasion that contributed to the rise of Al-Shabaab , and the African Union 's long and bloody campaign to control the Somali capital Mogadishu . "  If there is anything we have learnt in the last couple of decades it is that foreign intervention , especially military intervention , does n't work in Somalia , " said Abdi . Kenya 's largely conventional army is being hampered by heavy rains and Al-Shabaab 's ability to melt into the background . However officials say their operation should be over within months . "  We do n't want to go off and get stuck in Somalia , " Kenyan government spokesman Alfred Mutua said . "  When the United States , Ethiopia and others went there , they were trying to support an existing government . Our main objective is just to go in , dismantle the Al-Shabaab and get out . " What is the background to the unrest ? Somalia has known only conflict since the 1991 fall of dictator Mohamed Siad Barre , who had seized power in 1969 , nine years after independence from Britain and Italy . Meanwhile , as the EU tightened fishing controls in Europe , fleets from Europe and Asia -- many operating illegally -- moved into East African waters to fish . According to many reports , in the absence of any Somali navy patrols , those fleets plundered fish stocks , decimating the livelihoods of many Somali fishermen . Fertile territory for Al Shabaab in chaos of Somalia Many of these destitute former fisherman "  took matters into their own hands , " according to the African Development Bank , and turned to hijacking ships to make up for lost income . The new "  industry " was quickly co-opted by the Somali warlords and is now an organized , hierarchical gang-like operation . According to academic William Jelani Cobb , "  Somalia is like Afghanistan in that we had a great deal of interest in the place during the Cold War and more or less forgot about it afterward . " In an article written for CNN in 2009 in response to the kidnapping of an American ship captain , Cobb wrote : "  Part of combating terrorism means addressing the conditions in which it flourishes . Extortion and kidnapping on the high seas is certainly wrong , but by ignoring ... the threats to the regional food supply , we effectively created a niche for these pirates . " Commentary : A lesson of Somali pirate attacks How will the unrest affect the region ? With famine causing misery for millions in the Horn of Africa , the conflict between Al-Shabaab and Kenyan forces is likely to hinder humanitarian efforts . Even before the incursion , aid workers found it difficult to provide relief , according to Roger Middleton , consultant researcher on Chatham House 's Africa Program . "  If you 've got a big war going on , it 's difficult to distribute relief . Bombings only increase the risk , " Middleton said , adding that discussions about access between aid workers and Al-Shabaab were unlikely to be eased by the conflict . How is the international community reacting ? The Kenyan government says the decision to attack was its alone . Key western allies such as the U.S. and the UK have been quick to state publicly they are not assisting in this action , though the French say they will help . In the region , Rwanda and South Africa have issued statements backing Kenya . "  The international community is being quietly supportive , " Middleton said , "  but only because they have no idea what else to do . "  I 'm sure the U.S. and others have provided intelligence assistance , but there have been no overwhelming offers of support . Most governments believe sending troops into Somalia is not a good idea , but there is no plan B , apart from the status quo . "  Their reasoning is that Kenya forces could be stuck in Somalia for ages , or there could be an insurgent campaign in Kenya itself . It could go horribly wrong -- who knows ? "	Somali pirates have started kidnapping foreigners in Kenya as well as hijacking boats Last month Kenyan forces entered Somalia , saying kidnappings threatened security Analysts warn Kenyan forces ' mission in Somalia is risky Conflict is likely to hinder humanitarian efforts againsnt famine in the Horn of Africa
An Indian woman whose gang-rape aboard a bus in New Delhi spawned mass protests has died , according to a doctor who was treating her at a Singapore hospital . The woman , 23 , "  passed away peacefully " at 4:45 a.m. Saturday  3:45 p.m. ET Friday  , with her family and Indian officials at her side , Dr. Kelvin Loh , chief executive officer at Mount Elizabeth Hospital , said in a statement . The woman had been in "  extremely critical condition " since being admitted Thursday to the Singapore hospital , and Loh had said Friday that she 'd "  taken a turn for the worse . " "  She had suffered from severe organ failure following serious injuries to her body and brain , " Loh said . "  She was courageous in fighting for her life for so long against the odds , but the trauma to her body was too severe for her to overcome . " Authorities have n't released the name of the rape victim , but Indian protesters are calling her Damini , which means "  lightning " in Hindi . "  Damini " also is a 1993 Bollywood film whose lead female character fights for a housemaid , a victim of sexual assault . T.C.A. Raghavan , India 's ambassador to Singapore , said the family wants its privacy protected . He said they are Hindu and from New Delhi . "  It 's been a very trying and difficult time for them , " he said of the late woman 's family . "  They are in the process of getting in touch with all their relatives and deciding the next steps . " Read more : India gang-rape victim in Singapore for treatment ; new protests hit New Delhi Attackers assaulted the woman and her male companion on a bus December 16 , robbing them of their belongings before dumping them at the side of a road , police said . Six suspects are now under arrest , including the bus driver and a minor . The male companion was eventually discharged from a hospital , but the female victim 's condition deteriorated as she spent days in intensive care , battling for her life . Police said last Saturday that she had recovered enough to give a statement to a magistrate from her hospital bed the night before . But on Sunday , she underwent another surgery to wash out infection in her abdomen , her doctors said . The death spurred an outpouring of sadness in social media , as well as calls for action to ensure her rapists are punished and that Indian society changes so that more women are n't assaulted , harassed and otherwise mistreated because of their gender . " ` Damini '  is  just a name now , " famed Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan wrote on Twitter . "  Her body has passed away , but her soul shall ... forever stir our hearts !!! " Prime Minister Manmohan Singh offered his "  deepest condolences " early Saturday upon learning of the woman 's death , and said "  it is up to us all to ensure that her death will not have been in vain . " "  We have already seen the emotions and energies this incident has generated , " he said , referring to widespread protests calling for justice and reforms since the December 16 attack . "  These are perfectly understandable reactions from a young India and an India that genuinely desires change . "  It would be a true homage to her memory if we are able to channel ... these emotions and energies into a constructive course of action . " Reported rape cases in India -- where a cultural stigma keeps many victims from reporting the crime -- have increased drastically over the past 40 years from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 , according to official figures . New Delhi alone had 572 rapes reported last year and more than 600 in 2012 . One such recent case involved a 17-year-old girl who claimed she 'd been gang-raped during the Hindu festival of Diwali on November 13 , though a formal case was n't registered by police until 14 days later . She committed suicide Wednesday by ingesting poison , according to Paramjit Singh Gill , the inspector-general of police in the Patiala district of Punjab , in northern India . In her suicide note , the teenager blamed her alleged rapists . Three suspects -- including a female accomplice -- have since been arrested , Gill said . Seema Sirohi , of the Indian Council on Global Relations , said most women in Indian have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation , on the streets , and elsewhere . Regardless of how a woman dresses , "  You are still open season for men . " "  There are a lot of reasons why this happens , but the patriarchal system is one , a lack of policing is another , and general treatment of women is not equal to men , even though it may be so under the law , " Sirohi said . Before "  Damini 's " death , the prime minister called assuring women 's safety his government 's "  highest concern . " He said women 's emergence in public "  is accompanied by growing threats to their safety and security . " "  Women and girls represent half the population , and our society has not been fair to this half , " Singh said in a speech Thursday . "  Their socio-economic status is improving , but gaps persist . " The Indian government announced plans Thursday to "  name and shame " convicted rapists by posting their names , images and addresses on official websites , according to the Times of India . And the Cabinet plans to set up a commission to look into rape cases and suggest measures to improve women 's safety . This group has three months to submit its report to the government . Singh said his "  government is examining , on priority basis , the penal provisions that exist for such crimes and measures to enhance the safety and security of women . " "  I hope that the entire political class and civil society will set aside narrow sectional interests and agendas to help us all reach the end that we all desire -- making India a demonstrably better and safer place for women to live in , " the prime minister said .	Diplomat says family wants privacy protected The woman 's gang rape on a New Delhi bus spawned days of protests across the country She had "  severe organ failure " tied to injuries to her body and brain , a doctor says India 's prime minister says her death should n't be in vain , vows action to ensure women 's safety
