CNN  -- Even though we 're still a couple of weeks from Black Friday , there seems to be a preseason special on snow and cold . The upper Midwest and Great Lakes are buried in snow , shivering under the icy blanket . Track winter weather From the Rockies to the heartland , ferocious winds are ripping across the Plains , bringing freezing temperatures as far south as Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle . And there 's more coming . "  Round two gets colder . This is not over by any means , " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said Tuesday . "  The next 10 days over the entire eastern half of the country will be below normal . " Hardly anyone in the eastern two-thirds of the nation will be spared by the time the weekend hits . Here 's how everyone is faring against the elements . Minnesota : Land of the Vikings  You got that right The people of Minnesota are hardy folks , tempered by years of long brutal winters . Still , they do n't normally get it so soon . "  This is the first snow I 've seen this season , and it 's a major snowstorm , rather than the usual light dusting you 'd expect to start off the winter with , " said Katie Robinson of St. Paul . She woke up Monday to find snow on the ground . "  I think that 's the biggest thing -- that we went from a very warm and mild fall to now being thrust so abruptly into winter . " Many stayed inside but some ventured outdoors -- and got into accidents , the Minneapolis Star Tribune reported . The heavier snow fell to the north . St. Augusta , Minnesota , about 70 miles northwest of Minneapolis , reported a whopping 16.5 inches Monday , according to the National Weather Service . Snowfall of 10 inches and above was common across the state 's northern tier and it created a mess . The snow dusted up travelers in the Twin Cities . Minnesota State Patrol spokesman Lt. Eric Roeske said troopers responded to 475 crashes across the region from 5 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday , 45 with injuries and one fatal . He reported 702 spinouts and incidents of vehicles running off the road . Wisconsin : Our kind of weather Even with the inconveniences , people in the North know how to deal with snow . Dare we say it makes them a bit giddy ? "  This has been the buzz this weekend , " Greg Graves , an employee at Mel 's Trading Post in Rhinelander told CNN affiliate WJFW . "  Most of our customers love to be outdoors , so everyone is really looking forward to it , " he said . In Eau Claire , Jason Stuttgen told CNN affiliate WQOW the snow 's coming at the perfect time . "  Especially two weeks before gun hunting  season  , that 's always going to help the deer move , " he told the station . Montana : Too darn cold Temperatures plummeted as bitterly cold winds rushed down the front range of the Rocky Mountains . In Billings , Montana , temperatures over the weekend were in the 50s , but Wednesday will bring overnight lows below zero and daytime highs in the single digits . With overnight temperatures plunging close to record lows for the date , downtown Billings , the heart of Montana 's largest city , was very empty . Those who did venture out in the cold said they were ready . "  We just watched the alerts , and when they say it 's going to be cold , we just bundle up , " resident Tessa Rogers said . Chia Wei Lo said he was taking the plunging temperatures in stride . "  When I just moved to Montana , " he said , "  my friend told me , if you do n't like the weather wait 10 minutes . " The snow is pretty much done for now , but snowfall amounts of 5 to 14 inches were common across the western half of the state . The South : Cold , but not as cold The northern Mountain States , the Plains and the Midwest are not the only targets . Much of the nation will shiver under the cold air . "  I think we 're all going to be feeling the bite , " CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said . The cold snap will bring lows in the teens and single digits into Iowa , Kansas and Colorado this week but also spread freezing temperatures as far south as Texas . A hard freeze warning extends to just north of the Dallas-Fort Worth area . "  Much of the nation east of the Rockies is expected to see a major pattern change by the beginning of the work week , " the weather service said . The frosty blast will move across the rest of the United States , but it will not be as harsh as in the Midwest . Atlanta and Birmingham , Alabama , are expecting daytime high temperatures in the mid-40s on Friday , according to the National Weather Service . A normal high this time of year is 64 . How did this happen ? Residents in the northern United States can thank Super Typhoon Nuri for this mess . It is the strongest post-tropical cyclone on record in the North Pacific , the NWS said . Its remnants are haunting us now , less than two weeks after Halloween . The storm system plowed into all that arctic cold air in Alaska and northern Canada , forcing it south . Things will get warmer over the weekend , but it wo n't stay that way , forecasters say . Another arctic blast is on the way for next week . Lucky us . CNN 's Gary Tuchman contributed to this report .	NEW : CNN meteorologist : "  This is not over by any means " "  Everyone is talking about the storm , " Wisconsin man tells CNN affiliate Rain will fall to the south of the system
CNN  -- Englishman John Parry holds a one-stroke halfway lead at the Austrian Open in Atzenbrugg . The 23-year-old carded a bogey-free five-under-par 67 to lie on eight-under-par after 36 holes . U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell  68  Spain 's Jose Manuel Lara  71  and Pelle Edberg of Sweden  68  head the chasing pack . "  It 's a bit early to be looking at leaderboards -- we 're only in the second round , " Parry told the official European Tour website . "  It is a lead , though , so I 'm happy going into the weekend in front . I 'd always prefer to be in the lead than not . " Parry is hoping a good result in Austria will help secure his place on next year 's Tour . He currently lies 117th in the Race to Dubai , with only the leading 115 retaining their playing cards for 2011 . Lara  130th  and Pellberg  114th  are also battling to be on Tour next season , with a victory here certain to secure their place . Meanwhile , McDowell is playing in his final event before turning out for Europe in the Ryder Cup and the Northern Irishman is bang in contention after posting four birdies in his first five holes . And fellow-Celtic Manor teammate Miguel Angel Jimenez is also not far off the pace after posting a 68 to lie four strokes behind . Overnight leader George Coetzee of South Africa was in contention coming to the 16th hole , but he found water twice off the tee for a quadruple bogey eight and eventually carded a 76 to lie five strokes off the pace .	Englishman John Parry holds a one-stroke halfway lead at the Austrian Open The 23-year-old cards a bogey-free five-under-par 67 to lie on eight-under-par U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell  68  is among three players in second Overnight leader George Coetzee of South Africa fell away after a five-over 76
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The parole hearing for one of killer Charles Manson 's followers , Bruce Davis , was continued Wednesday to an undetermined date after Davis became sick , a corrections spokesman said . "  The hearing started but ended early because the inmate fell ill and had to leave for treatment , " Jeffrey Callison , press secretary of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation , told CNN . Two years ago , a California panel granted parole to Davis , but it was overturned by then-Gov . Arnold Schwarzenegger , officials said . Judge to "  Tex " Watson : Police can have tape recordings Davis , 69 , is serving a life sentence for the 1969 first-degree murders of music teacher Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald "  Shorty " Shea . In Davis ' last parole hearing , in 2010 , the board said that Davis had not been disciplined since 1980 and participated in all available education , vocation and self-help programs . Davis is one of several imprisoned followers of Manson , 77 , who is serving a life sentence for nine murders . Manson led his "  family " in a deadly spree in 1969 , whose victims included eight-months-pregnant actress Sharon Tate . Manson was denied parole for the 12th time in March . Manson , whose gruesome killings inspired the best-selling book "  Helter Skelter , " will be up for parole again 15 years from now , when he would be 92 . Debra Tate , the sister of Sharon Tate , attended Wednesday 's parole board hearing for Davis , but she told CNN that the hearing never started . The hearing was slated to start at 10:30 a.m. PT  1:30 p.m. ET  , but Davis ' defense attorney alerted the parole panel at 2:15 p.m. PT that Davis was ill , and the lawyer sought a postponement . "  Davis allegedly fainted for no apparent reason , " Tate told CNN . "  Honestly , in my opinion , this was a ploy to help  Davis '  defense attorney since he did n't want to deal with witnesses . " Tate said that if Davis and his defense team are planning to schedule a new hearing to avoid victim statements , "  that will happen over my cold , dead body , " Tate said . Tate said she attends most parole hearing for imprisoned Manson "  family " members . Wednesday 's hearing was held at the California Men 's Colony in San Luis Obispo , where Davis is incarcerated , 193 miles northwest of downtown Los Angeles . "  The public needs to know this man is very dangerous now as he was in 1969 , " Tate told CNN before the hearing . She also attended Manson 's parole hearing and objected to Manson 's parole . CNN 's Kelly Andersen contributed to this report .	Bruce Davis , 69 , becomes ill , and his parole hearing is rescheduled Davis is serving a life sentence for two first-degree murders in 1969 Illness is a defense "  ploy " to avoid witnesses , sister of victim Sharon Tate tells CNN Davis won parole in 2010 , but then-Gov . Schwarzenegger overturned it
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- -- A judge has extended the investigation into murder suspect Joran van der Sloot , accused of killing a Peruvian woman , for another week , a spokeswoman for Peru 's Interior Ministry said Sunday . Van der Sloot , a Dutch citizen , will remain jailed at the investigations building of Peru 's national police where he spent the night , Rut Cardenas said . Cardenas said a judge has given investigators another week to gather information about the killing of the woman last week . Carlos Neyra , an official with the Peruvian National Police criminal investigation division , said van der Sloot , the sole suspect named in the case , has not been formally charged . Neyra added that van der Sloot now has a lawyer . The Netherlands Embassy says it is working with local authorities in the case , but it is not paying for a defense attorney . The Embassy has told Peruvian authorities that it is not comfortable with the way van der Sloot has been presented to the media , Neyra said . The Peruvian interior minister is asking authorities not to talk about the case without his authorization . Van der Sloot arrived Saturday at the Lima police headquarters . Handcuffed and wearing a protective vest , he was escorted through a news conference held by Peruvian authorities as photographers snapped photo after photo . The body of 21-year-old Stephany Flores Ramirez was found Wednesday in a Lima hotel room registered to van der Sloot , who was twice arrested and released in connection with the 2005 disappearance of American teenager Natalee Holloway in Aruba . Peruvian authorities have released a video from May 30 where the suspect is seen entering the hotel at 5:16 a.m. local time accompanied by Flores . Moments later , he is seen entering a hotel room with Flores . More than three hours later , van der Sloot is seen exiting the hotel alone . A hotel worker is also seen in the video speaking to van der Sloot as he is leaving the hotel , Peru Interior Ministry spokesman Carlos Gonzalo said . When investigators questioned the worker , he told them that van der Sloot told him "  do n't bother my girl , " according to Gonzalo . Van der Sloot indicated to the hotel worker that he would be returning to the room , Gonzalo said . Surveillance video from a casino -- also recorded on May 30 -- shows Flores and van der Sloot playing cards at the same table , he said . The woman won about 5,000 soles  about $ 1,755  , though it was not found in the room or the victim 's car , Gonzalo said . Flores ' body was badly beaten and investigators believe a tennis racquet in the room was used in the killing , Gonzalo said . He said "  they found bloodied clothes with " van der Sloot and that investigators are testing them , as well as the tennis racquet , for DNA . The hotel workers became suspicious after no one else left the room , and eventually a foul smell came from it , Gonzalo said . It was n't immediately clear how much time lapsed between the conversation on video and workers noticing the smell . Chilean authorities delivered van der Sloot to their Peruvian counterparts on Friday in the border town of Santa Rosa , where he was greeted by hecklers and dozens of media personnel jostling for position to get a better picture of him . Paperwork showed that van der Sloot entered Chile the same day Flores ' body was found , Chilean police told CNN . He was captured in Chile on Thursday and transported to the border to be expelled , said Macarena Lopez , a spokeswoman for Interpol . Holloway was on a high school graduation trip to the Caribbean island of Aruba , where van der Sloot lived with his family , in 2005 when she disappeared . Van der Sloot was arrested twice in connection with the case but released both times . He denied any involvement and has not been charged . Van der Sloot also faces an arrest warrant on charges of extortion and wire fraud in Alabama , U.S. Attorney Joyce Vance said Thursday . The charges are unrelated to the killing of the Peruvian woman and deal with an attempt to sell details about Holloway for $ 250,000 , Vance said . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	Joran Van der Sloot will be detained for another 7 days while investigation continues Netherlands Embassy says it is working with local authorities Victim beaten by tennis racquet , authorities say Van der Sloot facing charges of killing a Peruvian woman
Naypyidaw , Myanmar  CNN  Twenty-one people are dead and 21 missing after a ferry capsized in the Southeast Asia nation of Myanmar . Myanmar 's Ministry of Information said in a statement that the ship capsized Friday night as it sailed , in bad weather conditions , around the city of Sittwe . That 's when a large wave crashed into the ferry , causing it capsize near Myaybone and Myaukkyine islands . Authorities have managed to rescue at least 167 people , according to the information ministry for Myanmar , which is also known as Burma . Pictures from the government showed rescue workers helping people off a boat onto the land . Sittwe is the capital of Rakhine state and sits on the Bay of Bengal , about 55 miles  90 kilometers  from the Bangladesh border . This weekend 's weather forecast for the city calls for some clouds giving way to clear skies , with high daytime temperatures expected to be in the 30s Celsius  80s to 90s Fahrenheit  . Fatal ferry disasters are nothing new to the region . Last month , at least 68 people died when a packed double-decker ferry sank while on the Padma River north of neighboring Bangladesh 's capital , Dhaka , officials said . A cargo vessel hit the ferry , causing it to overturn and trapping passengers on its lower deck . Forty-five people died in an accident on the same river in August . In May 2013 , several boats carrying as many as 150 people were thought to have capsized near Myanmar 's western coast ahead of a storm approaching the area . Those boats were carrying Rohingya , members of Myanmar 's long-suffering Muslim minority , Thailand-based U.N. official Kirsten Mildren said at the time . Journalist Manny Muang reported from Myanmar , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	167 people have been rescued , Myanmar 's government says The ferry capsized after being hit by a large wave in bad weather conditions
EW.com  -- When the report broke that Taylor Kitsch in the running to play the dashing , love-sick , oft-nearly-naked Finnick Odair in "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , " I was dubious . While starring in the sure-to-be-a-hit "  Catching Fire " would help brighten Kitsch 's tarnished star power thanks to the one-two punch of "  John Carter " and "  Battleship , " Kitsch is already committed to director Peter Berg 's Navy SEAL drama "  Lone Survivor . " That film will likely be shooting at the same time that director Francis Lawrence is in production on "  Catching Fire . " If there was any doubt as to whether Kitsch would abandon his close buddy Berg for Finnick 's golden trident , Kitsch himself laid that idea to rest today . When reached by The Los Angeles Times about playing the Hunger Games champion , Kitsch had a typically terse response : "  Not going to happen . " So there you have it . Armie Hammer , Garrett Hedlund , generic unknown dreamboat , the competition just got more intense ! See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Taylor Kitsch told The Los Angeles Times that he will not be playing Finnick Odair Kitsch is already committed to director Peter Berg 's Navy SEAL drama "  Lone Survivor " That film will likely be shooting at the same time as "  Catching Fire "
CNN  -- There was a time when singer-actress LeAnn Rimes was considered as clean cut as they come . LeAnn Rimes , at the 2009 Lollapalooza Music Festival , is being spotted with Eddie Cibrian . Once hailed as a country music ingénue , she first captivated fans as a 13-year-old with a mature-beyond-her-years voice and a poised stage presence . After selling millions of records and amassing Billboard Music Awards and Grammys , Rimes was often held up as an example of a child star who managed to avoid the pitfalls of fame and emerge with a successful career and a happy marriage . Then rumors surfaced that she was allegedly having an affair with actor Eddie Cibrian . Now the two have both separated from their respective spouses and the ensuing scandal has cast a shadow over Rimes ' wholesome , good-girl image . "  I kind of feel like the public 's perception is changing towards her , " said Lindsay Powers , staff editor for Us Weekly . "  She had n't even announced -LSB- her -RSB- divorce yet and here she was on a beach in Cabo -LSB- San Lucas -RSB- , wearing a little bikini with Eddie Cibrian rubbing suntan lotion all over her . She 's like flaunting their relationship while her husband is piecing together his life in New York City on his own . " Such relationship woes among celebrities are as old as Hollywood itself . Stories of celebrity hookups on movie sets , be it Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton in the 1960s or Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie in the 21st century , are the stuff of which tabloid dreams are made . But Rimes , who married former dancer Dean Sheremet in 2002 when she was 19 and he 21 , seemed an unlikely candidate to star in such a drama . Unlike other young celebrity couples , Rimes and Sheremet were unlikely tabloid targets , choosing to live quietly and often being captured smiling and embracing on the red carpet . The pair appeared devoted to each other and seemed to take a swipe at critics of their young love when they reportedly held a "  seven year itch " party to toast their union . In her book , "  What I Can not Change , " Rimes wrote glowingly of her spouse . "  My husband , Dean , has changed my heart -- and life -- in more ways than I can ever imagine , " she wrote . "  We met in Los Angeles when I was hosting the Academy of Country Music Awards . It was almost an instant attraction . " Rumors began swirling about the singer and "  CSI : Miami " actor Eddie Cibrian after they co-starred in the Lifetime movie "  Northern Lights . " During an interview with Matt Lauer in April on the "  Today " show , Rimes sidestepped questioning about her relationship with Cibrian . "  I refuse to discuss tabloid rumors , " Rimes said . "  I 've grown up in the press my entire life . I think people are fascinated by my personal life , and I totally get it . " Soon after , Cibrian 's wife and mother of his two young sons , Brandi Glanville , was quoted as demanding Rimes leave her husband alone . Now , Glanville is being as vocal about the breakup of her and Cibrian 's marriage . She told PEOPLE in August that she sensed her husband was attracted to Rimes after double-dating with the singer and Sheremet . Rimes and Cibrian have been seen publicly golfing , vacationing and attending a concert . She announced on her Web site that she and Sheremet were ending their marriage . Jonathan L. Bernstein , president of Bernstein Crisis Management Inc. , said fans are often very forgiving of stars for their bad behavior . "  The public is very tolerant of a wide range of behaviors from celebrities , " said Bernstein . "  To the extent the public truly expected her to be someone with a clean-cut image , she may lose some fans there . " "  On the other hand , there are some people who like celebrities who lead racy , unpredictable lives , so she could gain fans at the same time . " Bernstein , the author of "  Keeping the Wolves at Bay ; A Media Training Manual , " said , "  Everybody wants to read the juicy gossip , " but Rimes could mitigate potential damage to her career if she is real and does "  not pretend to be one thing and then be the other . " "  People like watching real-life soap operas , " he said . "  Ultimately , if people love -LSB- Rimes ' -RSB- singing , they are going to come to her concerts . " Us Weekly 's Powers said Rimes and Cibrian 's situation mirrors that of actress Tori Spelling and her husband , Dean McDermott . Like Rimes and Cibrian , Spelling and McDermott were both married to others when they met on the set of a Lifetime movie in 2005 . Spelling and McDermott divorced their spouses , married and now are the parents of two children and stars of their own reality show on Oxygen network . As was the case with fans who rallied around Jennifer Aniston because they believed she had been wronged by Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie , Powers said she believes Rimes ' estranged husband , Sheremet , will emerge the winner of public sympathy . "  Celebrity history will show that people tend to feel bad for the person who is scorned , " Powers said . "  I think people are always going to feel bad for -LSB- Sheremet -RSB- with the fact that LeAnn not only left him after seven years of marriage , but ran off with this man she met on the set of her movie . " Leslie Litzenberger of Santa Clara , California , has run the fan site Leannfans.com since 1995 and said the singer has a supportive fan base . All of the media surrounding Rimes has not decreased her admiration for the singer , Litzenberger said . "  The recent stories do n't at all change how I feel about LeAnn , " Litzenberger said . "  What has happened is between them . I love the person that she is and tabloid stories with quotes from supposed "  friends " are not going to change that . "	LeAnn Rimes is divorcing her husband and has been spotted with co-star Rimes and actor Eddie Cibrian have been photographed on vacation A former child star , Rimes had enjoyed an image as a happily married celeb Magazine editor says Rimes ' spouse gathering sympathy for being wronged
Beijing  CNN  -- Dozens of Chinese workers angry over a pay dispute have held their U.S. boss hostage for five days , the American businessman said . Chip Starnes , co-founder and president of Specialty Medical Supplies China , has been trapped in the company 's suburban Beijing factory since Friday . He told CNN it 's all because of a misunderstanding about layoffs and severance packages . "  I tried to leave a day and a half ago , and there was like 60 or 70 of them here inside every entrance , and every exit was barricaded , " Starnes said Tuesday from behind the gates of the factory . "  I ca n't go anywhere . " Starnes was calm but looked haggard , wearing the same blue jeans and a blue shirt that he said he has been wearing since last week . The incident started when the company laid off about 30 workers in its injection molding division . He said he transferred workers to another division , but some workers did not want to move . So the company gave them severance packages . Starnes said the problem came when workers who already moved to another division also wanted severance packages . But workers who spoke to CNN from behind the factory gates gave an entirely different account . Some said they 're owed two months ' worth of back pay and feared everyone at the plant would be laid off , as they claimed no new materials had entered the factory . Starnes disputed that . "  There are no outstanding balances . There is no reason to be doing this other than bad information , " he said . "  The wrong information got out . Things snowballed . I am in the process of trying to fix that , but the demands and the amount of money that it is taking to do that puts the company in a bad situation , so there has got to be some compromise . " About four police officers at the scene would not comment on the situation . U.S. embassy officials in Beijing met with Starnes on Monday and confirmed he is safe and is close to reaching an agreement , spokesman Nolan Barkhouse said . He said the executive has access to attorneys . Starnes said the employees have n't caused any physical harm but have disrupted his sleep by banging on doors and windows . He has a cot and is receiving three meals a day , said Les Capella , the U.S president of Specialty Medical Supplies . Capella said the company has offered protesting employees a lesser severance package if they want to leave . But he said the 80 to 100 employees at odds are demanding about $ 500,000 -- which would bankrupt the company . CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	The U.S. embassy in Beijing says Starnes is safe and has access to lawyers Starnes and the workers have conflicting accounts about the problem Employees say they 're owed back pay and fear the plant will shut down Starnes says workers transferred to another division want severance pay
EW.com  -- The South by Soutwest festival announced juried honors in narrative and documentary feature , short film , design , and special categories at an awards ceremony held tonight at the Paramount Theater in Austin . The Audience Award winners from the fest will be announced Saturday . And the winners are : Narrative Feature Grand Jury Winner : "  Short Term 12 , " directed by Deston Cretton Special Jury Prize For Ensemble Cast : "  Burma " Documentary Feature Grand Jury Winner : "  William And The Windmill " ` Sherlock ' : Green light for season 4 ? Short Film Jury Awards Narrative Short : "  Ellen is Leaving , " directed by Michelle Savill Documentary Short : "  SLOMO , " directed by Josh Izenberg Midnight Short : "  The Apocalypse , " directed by Andrew Zuchero Animated Short : "  Oh Willy ... , " directed by Emma De Swaef & Marc James Roe Music Video : "  Stamina " by Vitalic , directed by Saman Keshavarz Texas High School Short : "  The Benefactress , " directed by Alina Vega Chris Harrison 's ` Bachelor ' finale blog SXSW Film Design Awards Excellence in Poster Design : Akiko Stehrenberger , "  Kiss of the Damned " Excellence in Title Design : Pablo GonzÃ ¡ lez , "  Joven & Alocada " SXSW Special Awards Chicken & Egg Narrative Woman Director Award : Hannah Fidell , "  A Teacher " Louis Black ` Lone Star ' Award : Geoff Marslett , "  Loves Her Gun " Karen Schmeer Film Editing Fellowship : Jim Hession Read all of EW 's SXSW film coverage here . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The South by Soutwest festival has announced juried honors The Audience Award winners from the fest will be announced Saturday "  Burma " and "  Short Term 12 " won for narrative feature
CNN  -- "  I guess you want to have a heart attack ? " That is the question you should ask yourself every time you put off taking a vacation . Here 's the deal . Studies have shown that not taking vacations is linked to health problems . And if people skip vacations , there 's a chance that they may die younger than those who do n't . I think employers should be required to post warning labels in the workplace similar to those on cigarettes packs . I 'd love to see a big sign in the break room that reads : "  WARNING : Working too many weeks without a vacation is going to kill you . Seriously , you are going to die from it . " We are all well aware that stress is harmful to our health . It causes problems ranging from ulcers to body aches to insomnia . Vacations are one of the major antidotes to stress . Travel : Relax , it 's only a vacation One study found that men at high risk for coronary heart disease , and who failed to take annual vacations , were 32 % more susceptible to dying from a heart attack . Another study compared women who vacationed at least twice a year to those who took one every six years or less . Astoundingly , the women who did not vacation annually were almost eight times more likely to develop coronary heart disease or have a heart attack . As a nation , we are obsessed with work . Some view taking a vacation as a sign of weakness . Others who have n't vacationed in years see it as a badge of honor . And still others apologize for taking a vacation , as they feel guilty for taking time off even though they have earned it . The average American worker has 14 vacation days per year , but most only use 12 of those days . Worse than that , about 25 % of Americans do n't take any vacation at all . The U.S. is the only industrialized nation in the world that does not legally require workers to be provided a set number of paid vacation days . This is in stark contrast to Europe where the European Union mandates that workers be provided with 20 paid vacation days every year . Anyone wants to guess which place has higher life expectancy : U.S. or Europe ? European countries win , of course . In fact , the U.S. is 28th in the world in life expectancy . If saving your life is n't enough of a reason to take a few vacations , here is another : People who take annual vacations are more productive . A 2010 study found that 35 % of Americans feel better about their job and are more productive after a vacation . Vacations have been found to help us recharge -- we sleep better during them and for a period of time afterwards . And our brain responses become quicker after vacations . As difficult as it is for some to believe , working more hours does not necessarily translate to a better bottom line or higher productivity . For example , Greeks work the most in Europe -- averaging 2,017 hours per year . Yet , they are no better off as their economy is a wreck . Now take a look at Germany -- Europe 's economic powerhouse . I 'm sure some would guess that the Germans work longer hours . Wrong . Germans work on average 1,408 hours per year , placing them second to last among the 25 European nations in hours worked annually . They also receive on average 30 paid vacation days a year -- the most in Europe . A vacation does n't have to be two weeks on the French Riviera . It can be a trip to the Jersey shore -- the real one , not the one with Snooki and Mike "  the Situation . " It could be a camping expedition or a few days in the mountains . Â The point is -- it could be as adventurous or low key as you want it to be . I have seen first hand the consequence of not taking regular vacations . My father -- the workaholic -- hated vacations . He refused to take them on annual basis . Sadly , he passed away some years ago after his third open heart surgery at a much younger age than his peers . There 's no doubt that stress reduction -- such as yearly vacations -- could have extended his life . Travel : Readers share vacation planning tactics So if you 're thinking of skipping your vacation , it 's not too late to change your mind . The summer just started . You 'll feel better rested , healthier and more productive . Or , you can choose to keep working non-stop like a hamster running on a wheel that keeps going faster and faster . Until , finally , one day , you collapse , are carried off on a stretcher , and replaced by a similar looking creature . What 's it going to be ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Studies show not taking vacations is associated with health problems Dean Obeidallah : As a nation , we are obsessed with work He says working more does not necessarily mean a better bottom line Obeidallah : Do n't apologize for taking your annual vacation
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Clashes between Hamas militants and Israeli soldiers raged to the north and east of densely populated Gaza City early Sunday , the 16th day of an Israeli offensive , witnesses and medical sources said . A photo provided by the Israel Defense Forces shows troops in Gaza on Saturday . Heavy gunfire could be heard to the east of Gaza City -- home to about 400,000 of Gaza 's 1.5 million people -- as fighting moved closer , according to a CNN stringer in the area . Israeli shelling north of the city killed two people , sources at Shifa hospital told CNN . Sunday 's fighting came after one girl was killed and 49 other people were severely burned by fires caused by Israeli shelling in southern Gaza on Saturday , local hospital sources said . The shelling ignited several buildings , including a U.N. school , near the city of Khan Younes , sources said . The girl died of burns she suffered in one of the fires , the sources said . Also Saturday , a family of nine was killed when a shell hit their home in the village of Jebalya in northern Gaza , Palestinian medical sources said . The Israeli military was "  not operating in the area of this house , and no fire was directed in that direction , " a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces said . Later Saturday , the IDF said that two rocket-launching squads near Jebalya were hit . Meanwhile , Hamas militants fired 20 Grad long-range rockets into Israel on Saturday , injuring four civilians , according to an IDF spokesman . And the Hamas commander in charge of launching rockets into Israel from the Gaza City area was killed Saturday by Israeli ground fire , the IDF said . Amir Mansi was spotted firing a rocket Saturday from the Jabel Rise area , east of Gaza City , during a ground force operation , the IDF said . Israeli forces opened fire , killing Mansi and wounding two other Hamas operatives , who were captured , the Israelis said . Watch what overnight air attacks did " Mansi was the leading Hamas authority on the Grad long-range missile-launching system , the IDF said . Grad rockets have allowed Hamas to reach farther into Israel than in previous attacks . Israelis say their Gaza military operation , which started December 27 , is aimed at stopping Hamas militants from sending rockets into southern Israel . The operation began with airstrikes ; a week later , the Israeli military launched a ground assault . More than 800 Palestinians have been killed in the attacks , including 235 children , and about 3,300 people have been wounded , according to Palestinian medical sources . Thirteen Israelis , including 10 soldiers , have died since the operation began . See images from the offensive " On Saturday evening , two pair of Israeli F-16 fighter jets that were on bombing runs in southern Gaza violated Egyptian airspace , a CNN team observed . "  We can tell they 're coming through Egyptian airspace because they 're over the far side of the building where we 're standing , " CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported from Rafah , Egypt . He was atop a building about 500 meters  547 yards  from the Gaza border . The Israelis have been bombing tunnels that run under the border of southern Gaza and Egypt . Israel says Hamas smuggles weapons and munitions through them into Gaza . A spokesman for the Egyptian prime minister 's office said the Israeli aircraft did not have permission to use the airspace . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said no airspace violation had occurred . Before strafing the area in and around Rafah , the Israeli air force dropped leaflets warning residents to leave their homes because more Israeli attacks were imminent , Palestinian security sources said . According to an IDF spokesman , the leaflets say : "  Two days ago , the IDF distributed leaflets in Rafah in which the residents were warned to evacuate their homes for their own safety . As they heeded the IDF instructions , the harming of residents in combat was avoided . "  Over the coming period , the IDF will continue to target tunnels , weapon caches and terrorist operatives with growing intensity . For your safety and that of your family , stay away from terrorist elements or places where weapons are stored or places where terrorist elements operate . " In Gaza City on Saturday afternoon , heavy black smoke rose during a three-hour period during which Israel was to halt its attacks on militants so Palestinians could stock up on supplies . CNN 's Ben Wedeman said the lulls , which have been tried before , are n't "  rock solid . " Limited military activity continues during that period , he said . A United Nations spokesman said Saturday 's pause was not long enough to resume the transport of humanitarian supplies from Israel into Gaza . iReport.com : Share thoughts , reactions to crisis in the Middle East Meanwhile , in Cairo , Egypt , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas was meeting with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to discuss a possible cease-fire . Exiled Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal said during a televised news conference Saturday night that his followers will consider any proposals to stop the violence if conditions are met : the Israelis stop their "  aggression " and all crossings between Israel and Gaza are opened . "  These are our just demands , and with an open mind we will interact with any initiative , " Mashaal said .	NEW : Fighting nears densely populated Gaza City , witnesses say Sources : Israeli artillery ignites buildings , killing 1 and wounding 49 Leader of Gaza City rocket teams is killed , Israel says Israeli jets apparently violate Egyptian airspace
Frederick , Maryland  CNN  -- Nearly two years after arriving in America with the promise of a new nose and ears , Aesha Mohammadzai has finally begun the process of reconstructive surgery . The young Afghan woman , whose face was mutilated by her Taliban husband and in-laws , checked into Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , early Thursday morning . After nearly six hours , the first of about six anticipated surgeries -- which will be performed over the course of up to two years -- is now complete , said Mati Arsala , who along with his wife has been caring for Aesha . "  I woke her up at 5 a.m. , " he said Thursday night , recounting how the day began . "  She said , ` Momo Mati ' -- that 's what she calls me , Uncle Mati -- ` let me sleep . ' I said , ` You have an operation today , ' and she jumped . As soon as I said that , she jumped ! She was ready ! " Her spirits were high going in , he said . She was laughing and chatting with her doctors . Because of privacy regulations , CNN was not on hand Thursday and doctors were prevented from speaking directly about her case . The haunting story and image of Aesha , now 22 , became known the world over after her face appeared on the cover of Time magazine in August 2010 . That same month she arrived in California , welcomed with the best of intentions by people wanting to help her start over with a new and restored face . But Aesha , who effectively became a poster child for the oppression of women in Afghanistan , was n't emotionally prepared for the grueling process that awaited her . Until now , and amid several moves , that hoped-for surgery remained elusive . In May , 16 months after meeting Aesha , CNN published an exclusive piece documenting her complicated and winding journey in America . We set out to tell her story because the last the world knew , she was well on her way to a fairytale ending . We wanted readers to understand the truth : that fairytale endings are n't always possible , especially for someone with Aesha 's challenges . The responses from readers were overwhelming . Some messages we received were more surprising than others . Many wanted to give donations to support Aesha . Others offered their own stories , tips to pass along to those caring for Aesha , as well as medical and psychological diagnoses . People in Afghanistan -- U.S. troops , NGO workers and a Kabul blogger -- reached out , as did a man who knew her on the base where she first was brought after being brutalized and left to die . A New Yorker in the fitness business asked to send Aesha workout clothes -- with the hope that someday she might interview Aesha for a program she calls "  Celebrity Sweat . " Someone in Atlanta offered to choreograph and teach Aesha her very own Bollywood dance . A poet penned a piece to honor her . Aesha and the Frederick , Maryland , couple caring for her , Mati Arsala and Jamila Rasouli-Arsala , need the well wishes and good vibes now more than ever . This medical odyssey will be a long and difficult one . The team assembled to work with Aesha did their best -- even putting together a three-hour presentation , the Arsalas say -- to prepare all of them for what was to come . "  Finally , she took the first step , " Jamila said Thursday night . "  I hope everything will be good . " A week before her surgery , we sat down with Aesha and her adopted family , including her 14-year-old "  sister , " Miena Ahmadzai , to talk about how they were feeling . "  I 'm not scared . I 'm happy , " Aesha said , sitting between Jamila and Miena , all three of them wearing necklaces Aesha created . Given all she 's been through , the years of abuse and the mutilation of her face , surgery is nothing to be afraid of , she said in Pashto . "  I suffered a lot in my life , " she said , as Jamila translated . "  Now I feel that a light comes into my life . " She held hands with Miena , with whom she 's become very close , the two only letting go to unwrap and chomp on chocolates plucked from a heart-shaped candy box in front of them . The next day Miena , Jamila 's daughter by her first husband , was boarding a plane to spend a month in Germany with her father and family there . Miena said she was sorry she would n't be around after the initial surgery , but she knows that she and Aesha will talk and visit with each other by Skype . Miena looked over at Aesha with a grin and gave her own prediction of how things will go : "  I 'm pretty sure , once she gets all her surgery , she 'll have a lot of guys drooling . " "  Aii , Miena ! " Aesha screamed , her eyes as wide as her smile as she play-swatted her friend . The Arsalas and Aesha said they were ready for what awaits them . This is what she 's wanted for so long , and they take great comfort in the confidence they have in the doctors who will be caring for her . Walter Reed Bethesda , the shortened name for the facility that combines the former Walter Reed Army Medical Center and the National Naval Medical Center , is the world 's largest military medical center . U.S. Rep. Roscoe Bartlett and his office secured Aesha 's treatment at the medical center . That the military , so often associated with violence , would step up to do this fills the Maryland Republican with pride . People "  know we take care of wounded soldiers . That 's kind of an obligation ; what else could you do ? But this -- you do n't have to do this . ... It puts a real human face on our military , " he said . "  How can your heart not go out to Aesha ? " Aesha will also have additional support from Fahima Vorgetts , Jamila 's cousin , who introduced Aesha to the Arsalas . Vorgetts , who lives in West Virginia about an hour away from the Arsalas in Maryland , travels often . But she said she has carved out time to be there after the surgery and is prepared to help care for Aesha during her recovery . Vorgetts marvels at Aesha 's smile and ability to be loving , despite all she 's been through . "  She has this innocence about her , but she 's also very smart and she understands things , Vorgetts said recently of Aesha . "  I think she has , and I hope she has , a brighter future . " The road will not be an easy one to travel . Over the course of her multiple surgeries , there will be plenty of pain and discomfort , not to mention the emotional toll she will experience as she watches herself look far worse before she will look better . Thursday 's surgery , which set her up to have skin in her forehead expanded for future use in rebuilding her nose , is only the beginning , Mati said . But by the time he left her room Thursday evening , he said she seemed more than up for the challenge . "  She 's in a private room . She 's awake . She ate . She had a hamburger , fruit , ice cream and yogurt . And did I say fruit ? She ate like a pig , " he said with a tired laugh . "  It 's only beginning , but it was very successful . " To support Aesha in her surgical journey , CNN iReport is asking people who have undergone reconstructive surgery to share their stories . Some already have . Submitted videos will be pieced together and played for Aesha so she knows she is not alone . The family caring for Aesha has also set up a website , Aesha 's Journey , so people can follow her progress , send her notes , make direct donations to her personal account and even reach out to buy her handcrafted jewelry . All this , the Arsalas hope , will help Aesha gain the life she deserves . To contact the author of this piece , e-mail Jessica.Ravitz@turner.com .	First of many surgeries to rebuild Aesha 's nose and ears completed at Walter Reed Young Afghan woman was mutilated by her Taliban husband and in-laws Her haunting story and image became known worldwide after she appeared on TIME cover Last month CNN published exclusive story documenting her complicated journey in the U.S.
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Senate Democratic leaders met Thursday night with White House officials to consider including a government-funded public health insurance option , along with a provision allowing states to opt out of it , in a health care overhaul bill . Sen. Olympia Snowe has been the only GOP supporter of health care legislation . Two senior Democratic Senate sources told CNN that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is leaning toward a public option with the state opt-out provision in the Senate health care bill that will reach the full chamber in coming weeks . According to one source familiar with the White House meeting , the matter was discussed with President Obama but no decisions were made . Republicans and some moderate Democrats oppose a public option , threatening the chances for a bill that includes the provision to get the 60 votes necessary to overcome a Senate filibuster . The state opt-out provision is considered a possible way to get moderate Democrats to support a bill with a public option . However , the spokesman for Democratic Sen. Ben Nelson of Nebraska , a key moderate , said Nelson opposes the idea of a national public option with an opt-out for the states . In addition , the idea is opposed by Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine , the only Republican to support any kind of health care proposal so far . Snowe 's spokesman , John Gentzel , confirmed to CNN her opposition to the modified public option . Obama and Democratic leaders say the nonprofit public option will bring competition to the health insurance industry and lower costs while expanding access to Americans currently without coverage . Republican opponents contend a public option would drive private insurers from the market and lead to an eventual government takeover of the health care system . Of five health care bills approved so far by House and Senate committees , four include a public option . The other bill , from the Senate Finance Committee , includes nonprofit cooperatives instead of a public option and is the proposal supported by Snowe . In recent days , two administration officials have told CNN that the prevailing White House opinion is for the Senate health care bill to include a so-called "  trigger " mechanism proposed by Snowe that would bring a public option in the future if thresholds for expanding coverage and lowering costs go unmet in coming years . The source familiar with Thursday evening 's meeting said Obama "  pushed for a so-called trigger , because it 's the more bipartisan way to go , " due to Snowe 's support for the concept . A critical White House goal in passing a health care bill is the ability to call it bipartisan , so Obama officials are wary of doing anything to alienate Snowe . Also Thursday , 36 moderate House Democrats threatened to vote against the current health care bill the chamber 's leaders are drafting because they do n't believe it will sufficiently reduce long-term health care costs . In a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , and House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , the fiscally conservative Democrats cited recent testimony by Congressional Budget Office Director Doug Elmendorf that indicated health care costs under the House legislation could rise after 10 years . Elmendorf "  has already indicated that the bill does nothing to rein in the costs of health care , and therefore may not be sustainable outside the 10-year budget window , " the letter said . "  We will be unable to support any health care legislation that does n't meet the president 's goals of driving down and holding down the cost of health care , as determined by " the CBO , the letter concluded . A Democratic leadership aide told CNN that final analysis from the Congressional Budget Office will be crucial to passing a bill in the House . "  If we do not get a reasonable sort of indication from CBO that we 're going to bend it , that will be a problem , " the aide said of lowering costs in the future . House Democratic leaders learned earlier this week that the CBO projected their bill would cost $ 871 billion over 10 years and also reduce the deficit during that time . But the CBO was unable to assess what the impact would be in the next 10 years . Moderate Democrats have asked leaders for details about the long-term costs from CBO , but no final analysis has yet been released . Rep. John Barrow of Georgia , a leader of the fiscally conservative "  Blue Dog " Democrats , initiated the letter because "  the question of cost is n't one that should be swept under the rug , " said Barrow 's spokesperson , Jane Brodsky . CNN 's Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this story .	Senate Democrats propose leaving public option up to the states Republicans , moderate Democrats oppose any public option White House said to favor a trigger for a public option House Democrats seek more information on long-term costs of bill
London  CNN  -- Police in London were on Friday questioning a suspected rogue trader arrested after Swiss banking giant UBS discovered an estimated $ 2 billion worth of unauthorised deals . The man -- named by British media as UBS trader Kweku Adoboli -- was held on suspicion of fraud in an early-morning operation in London 's banking district hours before the loss was announced on Thursday , officers said . CNN has not independently confirmed his identity , but was told when calling his desk at UBS that he was not available . The bank declined to comment on the arrest . A $ 2 billion rogue trading loss would be all but unprecedented , market analyst Ralph Silva told CNN . "  We have only had three or four other situations ... in the billions , and that is exactly what happened , " he said . The bank is large enough to take a $ 2 billion hit , experts said . Shares in UBS rose slightly in early trading in Europe Friday after falling around 10 % the day before . Brokers tell CNN the unauthorized trade in question at UBS was likely on an exchange traded fund  ETF  -- a structured instrument based on one or more underlying assets -- that is sold as a fund but trades like a stock . The ETF in question was one which tracked the volatile silver futures market and was priced in Swiss francs , they say . Adoboli 's job would have been to hedge , or reduce , the bank 's risk on the silver and franc positions by buying and selling each . It is thought that he may accidentally have left the Swiss franc vs U.S. dollar side of the equation uncovered and got stung when the Swiss national bank intervened to defend the franc in early September . Credit rating agency Moody 's has said it is looking at UBS for a possible downgrade . Its review of UBS will focus on "  ongoing weaknesses in the group 's risk management and controls " as revealed by the reported loss , Moody 's said in a statement . Moody 's downgraded two French banks earlier this week amid questions over their exposure to debt . News of the alleged rogue trader comes amid pronounced economic anxiety in Europe . Markets there have been in turmoil in recent weeks as concern has mounted that Greece might default on its huge debt , sending shock waves through the 17-nation eurozone and further afield . Rogue trader 's impact on UBS U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is attending a meeting of Europe 's Economic and Financial Affairs Council in Wroclaw , Poland , on Friday , at which questions around Greek debt and financial stability in the eurozone are bound to be discussed . Finance ministers for the European Union member states , central bank presidents and representatives of other major financial bodies are also present . The conference comes ahead of G20 and IMF meetings later this month . On Thursday -- even as news was circulating of the incident at UBS -- came word that the Federal Reserve and four other powerful central banks announced they were throwing a lifeline to Europe 's struggling banks . The European Central Bank , along with the Fed , the Bank of England , the Bank of Japan and the Swiss National Bank , said three U.S. dollar auctions would be held to help out European banks that need the currency to fund loans and repay debt . European banks have seen U.S. dollars flow out as U.S. financial institutions and money market accounts scale back exposure to European banks , amid fears over those institutions ' exposure to debt held by Greece and other European nations . U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is to attend a meeting of Europe 's Economic and Financial Affairs Council in Wroclaw , Poland , on Friday , at which questions around Greek debt and financial stability in the eurozone are bound to be discussed . Finance ministers for the European Union member states , central bank presidents and representatives of other major financial bodies will also be present . The conference comes ahead of G20 and IMF meetings later this month . As to the epidosde at UBS , Silva , the analyst , outlined three possible ways a loss that big could take place : intentional fraud , "  basic stupidity " in trading strategy , or what the banking industry calls "  fat fingers , " which means typing the wrong number by accident . Perhaps the trader "  put in an extra zero so instead of buying a million he or she bought ten million -- could be a problem , " Silva said . Lex van Dam , a former trader who is now a partner at Hampstead Capital in London , said chaos in the markets could have put more pressure on a trader desperate to hang onto his job . "  Trading has been incredibly difficult over the last year , " said van Dam . "  With the volatility in banking stocks , commodities and currencies , things can go wrong really , really easily . If you 're worried about your job and you try to hide  a mistake or loss  , you can see how these situations arise . " A bank 's risk management division is supposed to examine a trader 's activities , he said . "  He must have done something that he was n't supposed to do , obviously , " van Dam said . UBS said no client positions were affected by the loss , which is still being investigated . But the "  unauthorized trading by a trader in its investment bank " could cause UBS to post a loss in the third quarter of this year , it said . The loss would potentially be among the largest costs ever to a bank in unauthorized trading . Rogue trader Jerome Kerviel cost his French bank , Societe Generale , almost $ 6 billion , and was sentenced to three years in prison last year . Yasuo Hamanaka cost Sumitomo Corporation $ 2.6 billion in the global copper market , and was sent to prison for eight years over fraud and forgery in 1997 . Nick Leeson , the subject of the Ewan McGregor movie "  Rogue Trader , " lost about $ 1.3 billion for his bank , Barings , in 1995 , forcing it to close . UBS is not likely to collapse , but the scandal could prompt the bank to split its investment bank into a separate company , van Dam said . There is a "  much higher chance that this bank will now be broken up " into a wealth managament firm and an investment bank to reduce clients ' exposure to investment banking losses , he said . He favors that alternative , he said . "  The banks are too large , " van Dam said . "  The products are so complicated , and the management does n't understand it . " UBS made a pre-tax profit of about $ 1.9 billion in the second quarter of this year , it announced in July , down from about $ 2.5 billion the quarter before that . CNN 's Nina dos Santos , Irene Chapple , Ben Rooney , Alex Mohacs , James Partington , Laura Perez Maestro , Kendra Petersen , Nick Thompson and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	UK police question a suspected rogue trader at Swiss bank UBS for a second day Credit rating agency Moody 's says it is reviewing UBS for a possible downgrade UBS itself reported the rogue trader to police , officers say British media name the arrested man as Kweku Adoboli
CNN  -- The goal of Common Core is laudable : Give all students a common experience in English and math . But the path to that end has been fraught with problems . For one thing , more parents and educators are upset over all the tests students now have to take . Teachers are concerned about the negative impact of teaching to the test . Supporters of Common Core insist the standards and tests are necessary for holding schools accountable and ensuring a better future for America . But they may want to take a page from China , which has experienced the good , bad and ugly of a testing culture . For over a thousand years , Chinese emperors used the imperial exam system keju to select government officials . When the great empire was shattered by Western powers in the 19th century , keju was blamed for China 's failure to cultivate the creative and diverse talents needed for modernization . It was officially ended in 1905 . But the keju spirit lives on today in the body of the college entrance exam , or gaokao . Because it is practically the only way for upward social mobility , gaokao wields as much power as keju . It orients all aspects of education at all levels toward preparing for the exam . As a result , the modern day education system in China remains a test-prep machine as it was in the days of keju . China has certainly benefited from high-stakes testing and a focused common curriculum . The imperial exam system did a perfect job in cultivating obedient and homogeneous intellectuals , who contributed to China 's continuous pre-eminence as an agricultural empire . The modern-day test-prep education has produced the best test-takers in the world . Students from Shanghai have twice ranked No. 1 on the Program for International Student Assessment , or PISA , earning China the reputation of having one of the best education systems in the world . Why Finland 's schools are top-notch The Chinese system has also produced many extremely hardworking , highly motivated and excellent professionals . It 's true that the very best ones are sought after by Fortune 500 companies . But they are a tiny fraction . One study shows that fewer than 10 % of Chinese graduates would be qualified to work in a foreign company in occupations such as engineering , finance and accounting . The truth is that the testing culture of China has taken a big toll . Corruption such as bribery , cheating and other forms of fraud intended to boost test results has been rampant in the past as well as today . Stress , anxiety , poor physical health and a lack of social and practical life skills are well-known characteristics of Chinese students . The biggest price China has paid is the loss of creative talents . Its education system stifles creativity , suppresses individuality and induces conformity by forcing all children to compete for better test outcomes in a narrow set of subjects . Testing rewards those who are willing and able to give the right answers in the right way as demanded by the authority , while eliminating those who are unwilling or unable , but who may be talented in other areas . It thus fosters the spirit of compliance . It also results in impoverished educational experiences by forcing schools and teachers to teach to the test . Parents , too , are forced to narrow their children 's education experience to improve their children 's test performance . Children are thus deprived of the opportunities to explore their interests and find their passion . China has become keenly aware of the damages of its test-oriented education . Over the past few decades , China has launched multiple rounds of reforms to reduce the importance of testing . Last year , for example , the Ministry of Education issued the order to ban testing for grades one through three . For grades four and up , standardized testing is only allowed once per term for three subjects  Chinese , math and foreign language  . Tests can not be used to admit students during the compulsory education stage . There is no reason to believe America can be immune to the corruptive power of high stakes testing China has suffered . The increase in standardized testing that resulted from No Child Left Behind has already led to an increase in the number of cheating scandals in schools across the country , narrowing of curricula , and stress on teachers and children . Thanks to China 's outstanding PISA performance , America has been encouraged to learn from China . But the Chinese lesson that matters most is not what it did to do well on international tests . Rather , it is the country 's recent reform efforts to de-emphasize testing . China wants to have the same kind of creative and entrepreneurial talents America desires for the future . It is doing so by minimizing testing , because it has learned that testing and standardization do not help with , and more likely hurt , the development of creative and entrepreneurial talents . This is the Chinese lesson that America can learn .	Yong Zhao : Common Core 's advocacy of more tests for students is not a great idea Zhao : China 's education system is a test-prep machine , and that 's been problematic He says a testing culture stifles creativity , fosters spirit of compliance , imposes stress Zhao : The lesson for U.S. is that China is trying to turn away from a test-oriented education
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The doctor who implanted six embryos in octuplets ' mother Nadya Suleman last year has been expelled from a fertility medical society , a spokesman for the group said . Nadya Suleman gave birth to eight babies after being implanted with six embryos by Dr. Michael Kamrava . Dr. Michael Kamrava demonstrated "  a pattern of behavior that violated the group 's standards , " American Society for Reproductive Medicine spokesman Sean Tipton said . An employee at Kamrava 's Beverly Hills , California , clinic -- the West Coast IVF Clinic -- said the doctor would not be commenting on the expulsion . The expulsion , which was imposed last month and just announced , does not affect Kamrava 's ability to practice , because affiliation with the professional association is voluntary . Suleman was 33 years old in January 2009 when she gave birth to eight babies . She was a single woman who already had six young children conceived through in-vitro fertilization . The reproductive medicine society recommends no more than two embryos for women under 35 years old and no more than five for women over 40 , for whom it is harder to get pregnant , according to guidelines published on its Web site . Suleman , in an interview in February on NBC , said Kamrava told her about risks for the children , but she did not want to have only one or two embryos implanted . "  Of course not , I wanted them all transferred , " she said . "  Those are my children . And that 's what was available and I used them . I took a risk . It 's a gamble . It always is . " Two of the six embryos split in utero , resulting in the birth of eight babies . Doctors say giving birth to extreme multiples comes with tremendous risks for the mother and the babies . Risks for the children include bleeding in the brain , intestinal problems , developmental delays and lifelong learning disabilities . Suleman 's children , six boys and two girls born nine weeks premature , all went home after an extended stay in the hospital . No indication has been given on whether any problems have emerged . Suleman and her children will star in a "  quasi-reality TV series " about the family , it was announced in June . CNN 's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	Reproductive medicine society : Dr. Michael Kamrava "  violated " standards Kamrava implanted Nadya Suleman with six embryos before octuplets ' birth Expulsion from group does not affect Kamrava 's ability to practice Group advises no more than two embryos for women under age 35
CNN  -- World number one Roger Federer has expressed concern over plans to move the French Open from Roland Garros to the suburbs of Paris . Officals are looking into the possibility of shifting the clay court grand slam to one of three possible sites outside the city if they are unable to agree plans to expand Roland Garros . "  Let 's think twice before we act , " Federer told reporters after progressing to the second round of the tournament . "  If we move elsewhere , does it make sense ? There is a lot of money at stake . " The French Open has been played at Roland Garros since the tournament began in 1928 . Should the French Open leave Roland Garros ? But officials are looking for a new site with better access for cars and more room for spectators to move around outside the courts . "  What about the soul of Roland Garros ? " asked Federer . "  This is what we might miss after . "	Federer queries plans to move French Open away from Paris home at Roland Garros French Open has been player at Roland Garros since event began in 1928 Officials are examining three possible sites in the suburbs of the capital
Travel + Leisure  -- What lies behind the walls of Wayne Newton 's Vegas estate ? Penguins and Elvis memorabilia , as it turns out . And come next spring , when Newton 's Casa de Shenandoah opens as a museum , you 'll be able to see this collection for yourself . This glimpse into the life of "  Mr. Las Vegas " is just the beginning of what 's new in town . In fact , the city is having something of a renaissance , opening up new restaurants , clubs , and museums , returning Sin City to the ever-changing kaleidoscope it once was . Travel + Leisure : The world 's scariest runways Less than 10 years ago , Las Vegas was in the middle of a no-holds-barred building boom . But things happen , and Vegas seemed to be put on a giant "  hold " for several years . The only major plan that was actually completed was the awe-inspiring CityCenter , which included the Mandarin Oriental and Aria hotels , as well as Crystals shopping center . Now the excitement of CityCenter has spilled over into the entire city : new restaurants , museums , and clubs have either recently opened or are on target for 2012 . So even if you visited Vegas recently , do n't assume it 's still the same . And do n't head to Sin City without checking out this list of the newest and best things to do . The Barrymore The Royal Resort 's hidden restaurant , The Barrymore , is the best place to ensconce yourself for an evening of modernized Rat Pack -- inflected glamour in Las Vegas . The 1,400-square-foot space is pure , old-school cinematic Vegas , with handmade wallpaper , blue-tufted booths , and a ceiling lined with antique movie reels . You 'll also find funky Rorschach portraits of Vegas stars , and modern twists on Vegas classics like lobster eggs Benedict and octopus salad . Inside the Royal Resort ; 99 Convention Center Dr. ; 800 634-6118 . Travel + Leisure : World 's best hotels The Mob Museum Opens Valentine 's Day , 2012 . It 's the actual former federal courthouse where such landmark hearings as the 1950 Kefauver hearings on organized crime were held . Here , Las Vegas 's former "  Happiest Mayor on Earth , " Oscar Goodman , defended real-life wiseguys like Anthony "  The Ant " Spilotro  playing himself defending a facsimile of The Ant in the movie Casino  . The long-awaited  a decade , to be exact  $ 42 million museum was created by the same team that designed the International Spy Museum in Washington , D.C. Among its showpieces : part of the bullet-ridden wall from the St. Valentine 's Day Massacre . 300 Stewart Ave. 35 Steaks + Martinis You may think that the last thing Las Vegas needs is another steak house , but inhale one of the Tomahawk Steaks , a 35-day aged , 35-ounce prime steak of Flintstone 's proportions , and you 'll think otherwise . It 's a traditional steak house with a rock 'n' roll design : custom chrome-plated chandeliers in the main room , textured silver walls , and chocolate padded columns . Do n't miss the Applewood bacon creamed spinach or the 35 Gimlet  with cucumber essence and Hendrick 's gin  . The wine list , appropriately , is stocked with "  Wines that Rock , " including labels by Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin . In the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino ; 4455 Paradise Rd. ; 702 693-5585 . Travel + Leisure : Most complained-about airlines Nevada State Museum Reopens October 28 , 2011 . From a cramped and outdated building , the Nevada State Museum flings open the doors to its $ 50 million museum -- and its showpiece , the 43-foot-long ichthyosaur -- in the Springs Preserve . For those who know the massive preserve and its interactive "  edutainment " format , think more of the same . For those who do n't , imagine a touch screen to tell the story of continental drift , a cave to explore , and a 3-D movie about the desert at night . Springs Preserve ; 333 S. Valley View Blvd. at US 95 ; 702 486-5205 . Wayne Newton 's Casa de Shenandoah Opens Spring 2012 . What lies behind the walls of Wayne Newton 's 42-acre property has long been a delicious mystery to Las Vegans . Starting next year , "  Mr. Las Vegas " will be throwing open the doors to his mansion and grounds . Aside from the expected Arabians that gallop the property , you 'll find wallabies , penguins , and sloths . Also on offer : a new museum dedicated to memorabilia from his 50-plus years of entertaining , including Nat King Cole 's makeup case and the watch he was wearing when he died ; Johnny Cash 's guitar memorabilia from Elvis Presley ; and a microphone from Frank Sinatra . Corner of Sunset and Pecos . The Smith Center for the Performing Arts Opens 2012 . While you 've always been able to catch mind-blowing extravaganzas on the Strip , Las Vegans have had to travel for performances by the likes of the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater and The Cleveland Orchestra . Enter the most hotly anticipated cultural venue in recent Las Vegas history : a $ 450 million performing arts center designed by David M. Schwarz that  finally  puts Las Vegas on par with the world 's great stages . 361 Symphony Park Ave. ; 702 982-7805 . Travel + Leisure : World 's eeriest abandoned places Planning a romantic getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Most Romantic Hotels . Copyright 2011 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	The Barrymore is the best place for an evening of modernized Rat Pack glamour The Mob Museums opens Valentine 's Day 2012 in a former courthouse where organized crime hearings were held Starting next year , Wayne Newton will be opening the doors of his mansion to the public
CNN  -- To mark Nelson Mandela 's birthday , we asked what the former South African president means to you . The response on social media has been overwhelming . Leader , courage , hero , inspiration , freedom and hope were among the most often mentioned attributes in the thousands of responses we got on Twitter and Facebook . Tweets and comments poured in from all around the world - those from Africa celebrated what "  Madiba , "  as he 's commonly known  meant for their continent , while those from elsewhere said other leaders should try to emulate his example . "  Madiba reminds us what leaders of today are lacking  purpose  . Gandi  sic  and Martin Luther lived , but Mandela is still living the struggles . Long live the people 's hero . Long live Madiba 46664 , " Chinoye Emmanuel Ani wrote on Facebook . "  A legend , one who makes me truly proud to be African . Africa should be one nation with Mandela as president at any age . I 'll take a 1000-year-old bedridden Mandela as my president any day , " Facebook user Udoinyang SplyffVeron Itata said . Other tweets and posts talked about how inspirational Mandela is to all generations . Susan Krischan Musial also wrote on Facebook : "  I teach 3rd graders about South Africa through our Children 's Museum in NY . "  They never fail to understand the connection of two great men - Mandela and King - making sacrifices for equality for their people and all people . Inspirational in the highest sense of the word . " His birthday also coincides with Mandela Day celebrations , a U.N.-led initiative started on his birthday in 2009 . This year , the U.N. launched a campaign asking people to mark the day by devoting 67 minutes of their time to helping others -- one minute for each year Mandela spent fighting for his cause . "  Nelson Mandela gave 67 years of his life to bring change to the people of South Africa , " U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said in a special message . "  Our gift to him can -- and must -- be to change our world for the better . Today , I join the Nelson Mandela Foundation in urging each and every one of us to perform 67 minutes of public service on Nelson Mandela International Day , " Ban Ki-moon said . In a testament to his worldwide popularity , tributes and happy birthday messages were being sent all around the web all Wednesday , with people creating video notes , blogging and flooding social media with Mandela Day comments . "  Happy Birthday Nelson Mandela " was a worldwide trending topic on Twitter for most of the day . A YouTube video called Mandela Story also imagined the former South African leader 's life through social media sites such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and Pinterest . Created by South Africa-based Prezence Digital , the video asks if Mandela would have spent 27 years imprisoned if he had access to the "  same technology , social media platforms and global monitoring tools as we do today ? " The Nobel Peace prize laureate spent 27 years in South African prison and further 40 years in politics - first as an activist and leader of the opposition movement , and later as the President of South Africa and international symbol he became for his role in bringing down the South Africa 's apartheid regime . Tell us what Mandela means to you and how you are marking Mandela Day in the comments box below .	To mark his 94th birthday , we asked you what Mandela means to you United Nations has launched a plea asking people to celebrate Mandela Day by helping others Nelson Mandela is celebrating his 94th birthday on Wednesday , July 18
London  CNN  -- UK newspaper and magazine publishers lost a High Court bid Wednesday to block the progress of a government-backed royal charter on press regulation . The royal charter , which has cross-party backing , was due to go before the Privy Council on Wednesday for approval after the High Court ruling . The industry groups that brought the unsuccessful legal challenge said they were "  deeply disappointed " by the decision and would try to overturn it on appeal . "  This is a vital constitutional issue and we will be taking our case for judicial review -- of the Privy Council 's decisions on both the industry Charter and the cross-party Charter -- to the Court of Appeal , " they said . The legal challenge was brought to the High Court by the Press Standards Board of Finance  Pressbof  , which is the industry body that funds the current press watchdog , the Press Complaints Commission . It sought permission to seek a judicial review of the politician-backed royal charter on the grounds that the industry 's own proposed royal charter was not properly considered and that the process was "  startlingly unfair . " The industry 's draft royal charter was rejected by the Privy Council , a body made up of government ministers , earlier this year . But the High Court ruled against the legal challenge . The cross-party royal charter follows months of talks between the industry and lawmakers on how to establish a system of independent press self-regulation , following an inquiry last year into press ethics led by Lord Justice Leveson . The inquiry was set up after outrage over claims of widespread phone hacking and other abuses by elements of the UK press . A number of criminal prosecutions are being brought in relation to those claims . Critics say the government-backed royal charter risks weakening the freedom of the press by allowing political interference , while supporters argue that the newspaper industry has failed to regulate itself effectively so far . ` Proper complaints system ' The Department for Culture , Media and Sport earlier welcomed the High Court ruling . "  Both the industry and the government agree self-regulation of the press is the way forward and we both agree that a Royal Charter is the best framework for that , " it said in a statement . "  We are clear the process for considering the industry royal charter was robust and fair and the courts have agreed . We can now get on with implementing the cross-party charter . "  A royal charter will protect freedom of the press whilst offering real redress when mistakes are made . Importantly , it is the best way of resisting full statutory regulation that others have tried to impose . " Labour Party deputy leader Harriet Harman also voiced her support for the ruling . "  Now is the time for a proper complaints system which is effective and independent of press and politicians which does not infringe the freedom of the press , " she said . "  We need a press which is robust and free , which holds those in power to account , but which does not abuse its own power by wreaking havoc on the lives of innocent people . " ` Good for journalism ' Campaign group Hacked Off , which has called for tougher regulation of the press , has backed the royal charter opposed by the newspaper industry . "  The big newspaper companies like the Mail and the Murdoch press have been in denial ever since the Leveson inquiry report condemned the way they treated ordinary people and said they needed to change , " executive director Brian Cathcart said in a statement . "  The inquiry judge has told them this . Their own readers -- the public -- have told them . Their past victims have told them . Every single party in Parliament has told them . Now the courts have thrown out their latest manoeuvre . " Cathcart said the royal charter was "  good for journalism , good for freedom of speech , and -- vitally -- good for the public . " Government interference ? The Pressbof challenge was made "  in the context of a wholly unfair and irrational process leading to a recommendation and decision that has the potential profoundly to affect the nature of press regulation in this country , " according to a statement filed with the court . The newspaper publishers argued that they were not properly consulted about the rival royal charter , which has cross-party political support . They also argued that the government-backed royal charter does not guarantee freedom of the press from political interference , since it can be amended with the agreement of a two-thirds majority in Parliament . Both versions of the royal charter envisage the establishment of a "  recognition panel " to oversee a self-regulatory committee that would consider complaints against the press and would have the power to impose fines of up to 1 million pounds  $ 1.6 million  against newspapers for wrongdoing . Their differences hinge on how that panel is made up and on how changes can be made to the charter . The rejected Pressbof charter proposed that it be amended after agreement by the industry itself , while the government-backed version would be subject to a vote in Parliament . Protecting a free press The Privy Council rejected the industry 's draft charter on the grounds that under its terms , the recognition panel would not be sufficiently independent and that it would not have sufficient powers to ensure proper redress . But Pressbof argues that its version of the royal charter is more likely to meet Leveson 's aim of "  a genuinely independent and effective system of self-regulation , " free from government interference . Culture Secretary Maria Miller told lawmakers this month that the government "  must protect our free press whilst striking the right balance between independence and redress for individuals . " The independent Leveson inquiry was set up by Prime Minister David Cameron to make recommendations on journalistic ethics and examine the relationship of the press with the public , police and politicians .	NEW : UK newspapers to appeal after losing legal challenge to a government-backed plan Campaign group Hacked Off welcomes ruling on cross-party royal charter "  Charter will protect freedom of the press " and offer real redress , government says Newspaper chiefs fear the proposed royal charter may allow interference by politicians
CNN  -- I ca n't get the image of the bodies lying near the freezer at Westgate out of my mind , and recognizing two of the victims , their bodies splayed , their blood splashed against the stark white floor . There is a picture of an empty blue twin stroller , abandoned on the rooftop that I 've walked on countless times . There are pictures we did not air on CNN because they were simply too gruesome . It felt more shocking because this was a mall as familiar to me as the back of my hand . Read more : How does Al-Shabaab get its money ? "  Westgate was like home to us , " said my father to me over dinner in the kitchen this evening . And he was right - the mall was practically our second home -- it 's where we met our friends , did the household groceries , and banking . I 'd often call home from London to find my parents at the new tapas joint sipping sangria , before that at Urban Burgers , Planet Yogurt or Artcaffe . Looking around now at our kitchen , the tea , coffee , white asparagus , beads , my favorite ice-cream  toff n'choc with nuts  wine glasses , mobile phones , are all from Westgate . "  Where shall we go shopping now , " asked mum ? "  Nakumatt Ukay ? " she said referring to a red brick shopping center 100 meters away from Westgate . Kenya mall shooting : Dozens of families waiting to hear about loved ones "  But it 's in the basement , " said dad , "  there 's no emergency exit . Let 's not go there . " Kenyans like us , are thinking of great escapes in ways we never did before . Wherever we are , what 's the quickest route out ? We are on edge on the streets , in our cars , and nervous in malls . I was at a clothes shop at the Sarit Center mall looking for a new shirt to buy before presenting the "  Westgate Attack Special , " programme and something clattered to the floor . We all jumped in fear . Kenyans debate : Time to get troops out to Somalia ? Friends and family are thinking twice about whether to go for dinner , lunch , run basic errands , and determine what could be safe and what is not . The national conversation has changed to security . Each passing day brings greater revelations about the terrorist plot and the government 's response . Every Kenyan I have spoken to is angry , about intelligence failures , and operational failures . Kenyans are acutely aware gunmen from Westgate escaped and many say our government has not provided us with sufficient answers : How ? Where ? When ? Why ? Yet the coming together of all Kenyans has been powerful . The diverse community has pulled together -- all races , all tribes that are often source of tension in Nairobi . Our politicians , bitter rivals , have supported the president . In the short term Kenyans expect to take an economic blow with fewer tourists coming here , less investment , less confidence amid the threat of further attacks . For the long term , many point to 9/11 in New York or 7/7 in London and note how life went on , and those cities bounced back . Kenya is the economic powerhouse of east Africa , that wo n't change . Kenyans are resilient , that wo n't change . Kenya leads the region in creativity , media , free press , biotechnology , arts , music , literature , none of that will change . Kenya attracts investment opportunities around the world , that wo n't change . Life will go back to normal : The matatu mini vans will break traffic rules , the traffic will be horrendous , the horses will race at N'gong on Sunday , Mama Mbogas will sell their fresh vegetables , someone will order a cold Tusker beer , and the hot smell of the Kenyan earth after it rains will rise , and so will the nation .	Zain Verjee describes how Kenya 's national conversation has changed to security Verjee , a Nairobi native , says the coming together of all Kenyans has been powerful "  Kenyans like us , are thinking of great escapes in ways we never did before , " Verjee writes
CNN Student News  -- November 21 , 2014 Executive action announced last night headlines this Friday edition of CNN Student News . What will the president 's plan do , what are its limits , and how are Republican lawmakers responding ? It 's all included in today 's show . In addition , we 're updating you on record snowfall in Buffalo , New York , and we 're providing a legal view involving drones and privacy . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . What is the name of the group of advanced economies who sent delegates to a recent , international meeting in Australia ? 2 . What country is grappling with protests and corruption following the disappearance of 43 students in late September ? 3 . Name the organization that determines the curriculum for the SAT and Advanced Placement  AP  classes . 4 . Over what war-torn country was Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 traveling when it was shot down on July 17 ? 5 . What U.S. government agency sent officials to question several NFL teams after former players accused the league of illegally handing out painkillers ? 6 . What country has the world 's third-largest economy and most populated city ? 7 . What U.S. city received more than 72 inches of snowfall between Tuesday and Thursday ? 8 . What kind of commodity is carried by the Keystone Pipeline system ? 9 . Some food manufacturers are predicting that by 2030 , demand will outpace supply by 2 million metric tons for what product ? 10 . What term describes a presidential change in policy that is made without the consent of Congress ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- According to the Obama administration , the fact that Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab boarded a plane for the United States with potentially exploding underwear was caused by a systemic failure in intelligence . That 's true . In the same way that an auto accident is caused by two cars crashing together . Saying the system failed is merely describing what happened , and Obama 's plan will do nothing to address the underlying problem . The real problem is what we need to be talking about , not just because it 's at the core of our intelligence crisis , but because it 's the same problem that broke our economy , made health care unaffordable and hobbled the U.S. auto industry . And unless the Obama Administration gets smart about dealing with this larger problem , and fast , our skies wo n't be safer any time soon . The problem is organizational culture . As Peter Drucker , the late father of modern management , said : "  Culture eats strategy for breakfast . " Culture says it 's OK to not think creatively about how a lead might connect to other information . Culture says that following up on leads eventually is soon enough . Culture says that doing what 's in our job description is "  good enough for government work . " Obama 's plan to fix the intelligence system boils down to integrate the components , clarify roles and responsibilities , add additional steps to the screening process , invest in newer technology , deploy more air marshals and work cooperatively with other governments . None of these actions will do one thing to effect people 's relationships with each other and with their work , which is the essence of culture . Let 's be honest . When we go through a Transportation Security Administration line in the United States , we 're not blown away by organizational brilliance . We see people plodding through the same steps , in the same way , often doing the minimum to not get fired .  That 's not to say that all TSA cultures are that bad ; a few are quite effective . Most people assume that the culture in the intelligence community is better . Actually , the odds are against it . In a study of 24,000 people published in 2008 in Tribal Leadership , John King , Halee-Fischer-Wright and I found that 25 percent of workplace cultures are as stupid as our worst TSA experiences . These groups express a "  my life stinks " view and show almost no innovation , initiative or ownership -- precisely the behaviors necessary to reform our intelligence systems . Even more frightening , 48 percent of organizational cultures express the view that "  I 'm great  and you 're not  " . People in these workplaces rise to the challenge , but as individuals , not as groups . Star performers hoard information , work on outshining each other and act with the real goal of advancing themselves . They hoard information , build silos and erect walls between groups . So imagine these two cultures -- accounting for about three out of four workplaces -- responding to Obama 's plan to reform the intelligence system . People in "  my life stinks " cultures will react by rolling their eyes , making sarcastic jokes and looking at their watches . Nothing will change . People in "  I 'm great " cultures will respond that the problems are easily solved as long as everyone gets behind their plan . The problem is , everyone is advancing their own ideas , and ultimately , their own careers .  Sound like Congress ? As a consultant who logs almost as many miles as the George Clooney character in "  Up In The Air " and a scholar of organizational performance , I 've hoped that the Obama Administration 's reaction would focus on the heart of the problem , that the agencies and organizations that we rely on have stupid workplace cultures . I 'm not saying the people involved are stupid . I 'm saying the culture makes people stupider than they really are . And while we 're on the subject , "  my life stinks " is the dominant culture in the U.S. auto industry , which is why it failed in the first place . And "  I 'm great " cultures run Wall Street , which is why greed went unchecked until it became pathological . Until we target culture as the issue , all we 're accomplishing with systemic fixes is the illusion of action . No amount of Obama-style fixes will make a stupid culture any smarter , and remember , culture eats strategy -- and systems -- for breakfast . In his press conference , President Obama said , "  Ultimately , the buck stops with me . When the system fails , it is my responsibility . " The question is : Why is no one taking responsibility for the cultures that produce these failures ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dave Logan .	"  Systemic failure " is not a real explanation of Christmas Day near attack , says Dave Logan He says patching the nation 's security system is no substitute for a culture change He says intelligence agencies need a culture of initiative and ownership Logan : President Obama 's fixes amount to the "  illusion of action "
CNN  -- As a little girl , Catherine Corless was always curious about the St. Mary 's Mother and Baby Home in her hometown of Tuam , in County Galway , Ireland . She wondered what happened inside the stone walls of the home for unwed mothers and babies run by the Catholic sisters of Bon Secours . Decades later , as a local historian , she asked the Tuam registry office for the death records of children at the home from 1925 until its closure in 1961 . She was horrified at what came back . "  Hundreds of names . I just could n't believe it , " Corless said in an interview with CNN . "  796 names in all . And I wanted to know who these children were . " That simple act of historical research sparked a nationwide outcry -- and now a government investigation -- into the conditions inside Ireland 's mother-and-baby homes that existed as recently as the 1980s . Corless ' research raised several disturbing questions , including : How did the children die and what were the conditions inside the home ? And , most important , for Corless , where were the children buried ? Corless says she asked Bon Secours for burial records but was told that none existed . She says her efforts to find burial records at local government archives also turned up empty . She then cross-referenced the death records with local cemetery records but only found two of the children buried nearby . "  I can not understand why there is n't a burial record for 796 little precious children , " she said . But Corless now believes she knows where the children may be buried : on the site of the former Tuam home , now part of a housing estate . All that is left of the home is a crumbling stone wall . But in an easily overlooked corner , there is a small walled garden dedicated to "  those who are buried here . " It 's been known as The Children 's Graveyard ever since 1975 , when two boys playing in the neighborhood broke open a concrete slab and made a grisly discovery . One of them , Francis Hopkins , was 12-years old . "  We found a load of skeletons that were clearly that of children . " Francis told CNN , "  We were so frightened , we ran out and our parents told us not to go down there . The priest came to say a blessing and a few days later it was covered up again . And as far as we knew we called it a graveyard since then . " Corless believes this small plot may be where at least some of the children are buried . It was once a disused sewage tank at the edge of the property to the Tuam home . "  If the children were not buried there and there are no burial records , " says Corless , "  then we need to find out : where are they ? " During her research , Corless also found a 1947 state inspection report on the home . She showed it to CNN . There are several descriptions of "  emaciated " children in the report . One child is described as so thin that "  flesh hanged loosely from limbs . " The vast majority of the deaths are under the age of one but children as old as nine are also recorded . Causes of death included measles , meningitis and whooping cough . During the worst years , particularly 1946 and 1947 , several children were dying every month , sometimes even two in one day . CNN contacted representatives of the sisters of Bon Secours and asked them about the conditions inside the home and the children who died . In a statement they told CNN : "  The Sisters of Bon Secours today said they were shocked and deeply saddened by recent reports about St. Mary 's Mother and Baby Home , which operated in Tuam , County Galway from 1925 to 1961 . In 1961 the Home was closed . All records were returned to the local authority , and would now be within the Health Service Executive , Co. . Galway . The Bon Secours Sisters are committed to engaging with Catherine Corless , the Graveyard Committee and the local residents as constructively as they can on the graves initiative connected with the site . The Sisters welcome the recent Government announcement to initiate an investigation , in an effort to establish the full truth of what happened . " The Tuam case is the latest in a string of issues linked to Ireland 's former mother-and-baby homes , funded by the state but run by various religious orders . The government has now promised to investigate the many allegations , including forced separations , illegal adoptions , and claims that children were subjected to vaccine trials without parental consent . Specifically citing the work of Corless , the Irish government is also considering whether to excavate the possible burial site at Tuam . "  If this is not handled properly then Ireland 's soul will be , like babies of so many of these mothers , in an unmarked grave , " said Ireland 's Prime Minister , Enda Kenny . Corless says she will continue to dig for more records of the home in Tuam but she does n't necessarily want the site to be excavated . More important , she says , is erecting a memorial for the children -- if they are indeed buried there . "  The least they might have is a name over them , " she told CNN . "  Those illegitimate children need to be respected as much as any other child born . It might bring some justice and maybe healing to those mothers and families . "	The Irish government will look into conditions inside Ireland 's mother-and-baby homes A historian claims Tuam registry office revealed death records of 796 children at one home Catherine Corless says she asked for burial records but was told none existed But Corless now believes she knows where the children may be buried
CNN  -- Lawmakers on Thursday are getting their first chance to grill BP CEO Tony Hayward , the man fighting to save his and his company 's reputation as BP tries to stop the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico . Hayward is testifying before the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations , which is chaired by Rep. Bart Stupak , D-Michigan . The hearing is examining what caused the April explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig and the oil disaster . A letter to Hayward from House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Henry Waxman , D-California , says a congressional investigation alleges that the besieged oil company took a low-cost , speedy approach to drilling the now-broken deepwater well responsible for the growing spill in the Gulf of Mexico . The hearing comes a day after Hayward met with President Obama , who last week said that if it were up to him , Hayward would have been fired . In his opening remarks , Hayward struck an emotional tone , acknowledging the loss of life and reminding the Gulf Coast 's residents of the company 's longstanding commitment to the region . "  I want to speak directly to the people who live and work in the Gulf region : I know that this incident has had a profound impact on your lives and caused great turmoil , and I deeply regret that , " Hayward said . Addressing the anger and frustration coming from the public , Hayward said , "  I know that these sentiments will continue until the leak is stopped and until we prove through our actions that we are doing the right thing . " CNNMoney : BP 's Hayward strikes emotional tone In the eight weeks since the rig explosion , Hayward has become the punching bag for Gulf Coast residents who are furious that the oil is still spewing . BP 's costly public-relations campaign features an apologetic Hayward detailing cleanup efforts and promising , "  We will get this done . We will get this right . " But the company 's effort to repair its image has been countered by its inability to contain the oil and Hayward 's penchant for gaffes . A month after the rig sank , Hayward told Sky News that the environmental impact of the disaster would likely be "  very , very modest . " He later described the oil spill as an "  environmental catastrophe . " Fortune : Tony Hayward 's most memorable quotes Hayward also took heat for telling The Guardian that the size of the spill is "  relatively tiny " in comparison to the "  very big ocean . " BP 's top man faced the most criticism from his poorly worded apology for the disruption the largest oil spill in U.S. history has caused . "  There 's no one who wants this over more than I do . I would like my life back , " he said . In response to Hayward 's comment , Christopher Jones , a brother of one of the 11 workers killed in the oil rig explosion , told the Senate Judiciary Committee , "  Mr. Hayward , I want my brother 's life back . " Hayward issued another apology for what he said was a "  hurtful and thoughtless comment . " "  When I read that recently , I was appalled . I apologize , especially to the families of the 11 men who lost their lives in this tragic accident , " he said on his Facebook page . In the past two months , Tony Hayward has become a media fixture and a household name . Hayward , a 53-year-old Briton , grew up outside London and started at BP as a geologist in 1982 . He held technical and commercial jobs in Europe , Asia and South America in the 1990s , according to his bio from BP . By 1997 , he was on the executive committee , and in May 2007 , he was named CEO . Hayward replaced Lord John Browne , who resigned three months earlier than planned after a judge cleared the way for a newspaper to publish details about an alleged homosexual relationship that Browne had . When Hayward took over , BP was still recovering from the March 2005 explosion at a Texas City , Texas , refinery that killed 15 workers and a spill in Alaska the following year that was blamed partially on poor maintenance of pipelines . Hayward vowed to turn the company around . Pressed on how he 'd be different from his predecessor , Hayward reportedly replied , "  John Browne was John Browne . I 'll be me . There is not a lot more I can say . " Before April , there had been no major disasters for the company since the Alaskan pipeline incident . Financially , the company has increased revenues every year since Hayward took over , with the exception of 2009 , a year plagued by the recession . Profits have been strong , but up and down . Last year , Hayward made $ 6 million . Despite calls for him to quit , Hayward insists he has no plans to step down . Asked if the president trusts Hayward , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs told CNN , "  It 's not about trusting Tony Hayward or anybody at BP . It is about ensuring that they live up to each and every responsibility that they have and that 's exactly what the president and everybody in this administration will do . " This month , BP 's stock hit a 14-year-low . Since the oil disaster began , the company has lost half of its market value . CNN 's Dana Bash and CNNMoney 's Steve Hargreaves and Christine Romans contributed to this report .	BP CEO Tony Hayward testifying before House Energy and Commerce subcommittee Hearing comes a day after Hayward met with President Obama for the first time In the eight weeks since the oil disaster , Hayward has made numerous gaffes In BP ad , Hayward promises , "  We will get this done . We will get this right "
CNN  -- Members of Mexico 's security forces were involved in the forced disappearances of more than 140 people during the country 's offensive against drug cartels , a human rights group says . A report published Thursday by Human Rights Watch paints a dim portrait of Mexican military and police forces , which the group says sometimes acted in conjunction with organized crime . Vanishing victims : The ` open wounds ' of Mexico 's drug war Of the nearly 250 specific cases of forced disappearances that the human rights group reviewed from 2006 to 2012 , security forces are implicated in at least 149 , the report said . An accounting of the country 's war against drug gangs -- put into high gear by former President Felipe Calderon and inherited by President Enrique Pena Nieto -- reveals "  disastrous results , " the human rights organization concluded . "  President Pena Nieto has inherited one of worst crises of disappearances in the history of Latin America , " Jose Miguel Vivanco , the organization 's Americas director , said in a statement . Mexican Mother 's Day march spotlights search for missing The report focused on Calderon 's time in office , and argues that his single-mindedness in fighting the powerful drug cartels led to an increase in human rights violations by officials . And the specific cases of forced disappearances the group investigated are just the tip of the iceberg , it said . In the northern state of Coahuila alone , officials reported nearly 2,000 disappearances between 2006 and 2012 . Calderon was n't the first to use the military to aid police in the fight against the drug cartels , but he ramped up the offensive and made it a centerpiece of his administration when he assumed office in 2006 . At the time , drug violence was spiraling out of control in some parts of the country , and there were fears the government was losing authority to the criminal groups as they branched out from smuggling into other organized crime . A number of the country 's most wanted drug traffickers were arrested or killed during Calderon 's administration , but the overall level of violence continued to rise , peaking in 2011 . Read more : Misconceptions about Mexico Statistics indicate that violence may be declining . In 2012 , there were 20,568 homicides across the country , an 8.5 % decrease from 2011 . But the number of critics of Calderon 's offensive continue to swell . During his tenure , more than 47,500 drug-related deaths were reported before the government stopped releasing updated figures in early 2012 . Human Rights Watch estimates the figure to be more than 60,000 deaths . The organization first investigated the issue of rampant human rights violations by the military -- including forced disappearances -- in a 2011 report . Thursday 's report says the dozens of cases reviewed show that all of Mexico 's security forces -- the army , navy and police forces at the federal , state and local levels -- are connected to forced disappearances . Read more : Why is Mexico drug war being ignored ? The report is especially a black eye for Mexico 's navy , which is responsible for bringing down some of the top drug lords and is considered the most incorruptible of the military branches . But a concentration of disappearances using the same tactics , around the same time period , and in the same area , indicate the navy may have had a plan to commit abductions , the report claims . There is evidence that more than 20 people in Coahuila were arbitrarily detained by navy personnel in a two-month span and never heard from again , the report says . "  The common modus operandi in these cases suggests that these crimes may have been planned and coordinated , or at the very least could not have taken place without the knowledge of high-ranking navy officials , " the report states . Blame also falls on Mexican prosecutors , who do poor jobs of investigating disappearances , often times mishandling evidence or not following up simple leads , the report says . Read more : Mexico 's invisible women Military officials did not immediately comment on the report , but in the past have said that it keeps in constant contact with Mexico 's National Commission on Human Rights , and that less than 2 % of complaints have resulted in action by the commission . Human Rights Watch challenged the Pena Nieto administration to bring those responsible for the abuses to justice . The organization also highlighted the success of the state of Nuevo Leon , where the government has partnered with victims ' groups to fully investigate such disappearances . "  At first , both sides were distrustful , " the report states . "  However , when prosecutors -- motivated by families to investigate and held accountable when they did not -- began to genuinely look into the crimes , they gradually began to win back the trust of the victims ' relatives . And families , in turn , began to collaborate more openly with prosecutors . "	A new Human Rights Watch report criticizes Mexican security forces The security forces are responsible for a number of forced disappearances , the report says Even Mexico 's respected navy is rebuked The study cites a bright spot in the state of Nuevo Leon
CNN  -- Jurors who convicted a man of three murders in a 2007 Connecticut home invasion and recommended he be put to death for his crimes said Tuesday that serving on the case changed their lives -- and took an emotional and sometimes physical toll . "  This has strengthened my faith , " Paula Calzetta told In Session on the truTV network . "  We all came together . It was amazing , how it worked out , and we came to the right decision . I know that this is , for me , God 's plan , and I think I 'm honored to be a part of that . " Jurors recommended Monday that Steven Hayes , 47 , should die for his role in the 2007 invasion of a home in Cheshire , Connecticut , that left Jennifer Hawke-Petit , 48 , dead along with her daughters , 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit . They earlier convicted Hayes on a list of charges , including murder , capital murder and kidnapping . Prosecutors alleged Hayes and co-defendant Joshua Komisarjevsky invaded the home of Dr. William Petit on July 23 , 2007 , beat and tied up Petit , raped and strangled Hawke-Petit , molested one of their daughters and set the house on fire before attempting to flee . The two daughters , who had been tied to their beds , died of smoke inhalation . Hayes also forced Hawke-Petit to go to a bank and withdraw $ 15,000 from an account after finding evidence the account held between $ 20,000 and $ 30,000 , authorities said . Komisarjevsky is to be tried separately later . Cindy Hawke-Renn , Hawke-Petit 's sister , said Tuesday she does not believe closure can ever exist in a case like this . "  I think justice has been served , but I do n't know that there truly is anything just , when something like this happens , " she said . The brutality of the case sent shock waves through Connecticut and beyond . Calzetta and juror Maico Cardona said they were haunted by pictures they viewed -- especially pictures of the Petit daughters . "  I have a 10-year-old daughter at home , " Cardona said . " ... Michaela was the one factor , for me , that I could not get over . " He said he was plagued by a recurring nightmare in which an 11-year-old girl was "  screaming for my help , and I 'm not able to help her . " "  That is burned in my memory , those pictures of those girls , " Calzetta said . She said during the trial , "  I thought I was doing really well . And we gave our guilty verdict , and I went home and just collapsed . I was sick for a week and a half . " She said she focused on taking care of herself during the penalty phase . "  It takes a toll on your body you do n't even realize , " she said . Both jurors said it was hard not being able to talk about the case with their families or even each other during the trial . And they said they were struck by the fact that Hayes remained stoic and showed no remorse . "  He 's an empty shell ... hollow eyes and an empty shell , " Calzetta said . But she said she was able to view Hayes more as a human being after his defense attorneys moved him closer to the jury . "  That really affected me , " she said . "  I had never seen him that close . " Both said the jury took the case and their responsibility very seriously . But both maintained that Hayes should never again walk free . Cardona said it was important to him that Hayes receive the death penalty because "  I knew that he would be in a cell by himself , secluded ... that 's what he hated . " If jurors had recommended Hayes be sentenced to life without the possibility of parole , "  he would have been in general population , " Cardona said . "  That 's what he liked . That 's what he was used to . " A third juror , Diane Keim , said : "  If he had life in prison , that would be going home for him . " Hayes has been in and out of the criminal justice system since he was 17 years old for a laundry-list of offenses . Cardona said he had difficulty viewing Hayes as a person and not just a perpetrator , but maintained that everyone deserves a fair trial -- and that Hayes got one . Those outside the jury room wondered why jurors took their time to decide on the death penalty , Calzetta and Cardona said -- their verdict came on the fourth day of deliberation . But "  we wanted to make sure everybody was comfortable with the decision , " Cardona said . "  This is a huge deal , " Calzetta said . "  Everybody needed their own time . " "  I have a very spiritual background , and I thought that this would be the only opportunity for this man to ever make peace with his Supreme Being , if he even has one , " or to accept responsibility , Calzetta said . She felt the death penalty was necessary for Hayes to accept responsibility or experience remorse . Keim said the jurors had some trouble sorting out the paperwork and procedures , but likewise stressed the significance of their decision . "  All 12 of us tried to keep our emotions in check because we knew that we had to make a decision here on a man 's life . And it was very very difficult for us , " she said . Both Calzetta and Cardona said they did not buy the defense 's claim that Hayes was merely a follower and KomisarjevskyCalzetta said . "  He 's a man , and he made his choices . Unfortunately , they were the wrong ones . ... He needs to be accountable . " the ringleader of the crime , saying that Hayes had plenty of opportunities to make different choices , to stop or to leave , and did not . "  Calling him a follower is just too easy , " Cardona said he did not believe testimony that Komisarjevsky triggered Hayes ' rage by telling him , when he returned from the bank with Hawke-Petit , that the girls were dead . A police officer who interviewed Hayes just after his arrest testified that Hayes told him he saw Michaela upon his return and saw that she had changed clothes , Cardona pointed out . Asked about whether they were overcome by emotion at times , Calzetta said , "  Oh , several times . I do n't think any of us expected it when it did overcome us . " Looking at the bank video of Hawke-Petit was particularly hard , she said , as jurors knew the woman was being brave and doing what she felt she had to do to save her family . "  She had no idea what she was walking into , " Calzetta said . "  No one could have known . And all three of those girls were , I think , very brave in their final moments . They did n't deserve this . " "  It was a very emotional case and a very emotional two months , " Cardona said . But he praised the other jurors for following the letter of the law and conducting civilized deliberations . "  There was never a shouting match , " he said . "  There was never insults . " Both Calzetta and Cardona said they felt privileged to have served alongside the others . "  We worked extremely hard , " Cardona said . Jurors also praised the Petit family , saying they spoke to William Petit and others after the trial . "  It was so wonderful to hug these people , " Calzetta said , "  and they treated us like family , and we feel almost like family because we 've seen such intimate things of their life and lived some things with them , and they are the most wonderful people that I think I 've come across in a long time . " Cardona said he was struck by the Petit family telling jurors they were sorry the panel had to go through such an experience . "  This family is so dignified , gracious , classy , " he said . William Petit "  held his head high throughout this entire case , " he said . " ... He was an inspiration to all of us . " The Petit family had said they were praying for the jurors . "  It 's amazing to me that in the midst of their horror and grief they are so generous to think about praying for us , there in the midst of this horror . It 's heartwarming , " Calzetta said . " ... I ca n't even put it to words . " Calzetta said she plans to attend Komisarjevsky 's trial because she wants to support the Petit family . Jurors acknowledged that it is likely their lives will never be the same . Cardona said he thought he would be all right because he 's seen movies and television , but he found it 's different when something actually took place . "  You want to feel safe in your home , " he said , but " ... there 's more people like this out there . "	NEW : "  If he had life in prison , that would be going home for him , " a juror says Jurors say the case took an emotional and physical toll They decided Monday that Steven Hayes should die for his crimes "  We came to the right decision , " one says
Washington  CNN  -- The members of the legal team representing presidential assailant John Hinckley Jr. say they are owed "  significant legal bills in arrears " and are asking a judge 's permission to bow out of Hinckley 's case . In a motion filed Friday , defense lawyer Barry Levine says he and other lawyers at Dickstein Shapiro LLP have represented Hinckley at numerous hearings through the years at reduced rates . According to the document , Hinckley 's family has told the legal firm "  it will not provide future funding for attorneys ' fees , expenses or related experts in this matter . " The motion does not say how much the firm is still owed . The legal team represented Hinckley during 13 days of testimony in late 2011 and early 2012 on a St. Elizabeths Hospital proposal to allow Hinckley to have longer visits to his mother 's home in Williamsburg , Virginia . The motion filed by the lawyers Friday said Judge Paul Friedman has told counsel he will not rule on the plan proposed by Hinckley 's mental hospital until November . On August 17 , prosecutors on the Hinckley case filed a motion asking Friedman to reject the proposal for more visitation time because a key part of the plan had fallen through . According to the government court filing , St. Elizabeths sent an August 8 letter stating that Colonial Behavioral Health , People 's Place facility in Williamsburg had withdrawn from the plan to participate in Hinckley 's treatment by providing him access to group social sessions . The letter has not been made public , and prosecutors did not reveal why People 's Place had bowed out . Prosecutors called the group sessions a "  core feature " of the plan to allow Hinckley , 57 , to spend more time living with his elderly mother in Williamsburg . In their motion to withdraw from his case , Hinckley 's lawyers say that their departure will not harm the case and that he can obtain other representation . Hinckley spends 10 days a month visiting his widowed mother , who is in her late 80s . In July 2011 , St. Elizabeths proposed allowing Hinckley two 17-day visits followed by six stays lasting 24 days . After the proposed visits , St. Elizabeths requested the authority to decide whether Hinckley , 57 , could be released on "  convalescent leave , " which would make him a permanent outpatient . Hinckley 's mother , Jo Ann , attended parts of the hearing on the hospital 's visitation plan . His brother and sister both testified during sessions . Levine , the defense lawyer , made several references during the hearing to the family possessing diminishing resources . Hinckley 's father is deceased . Hinckley sat quietly during the multiple days of testimony but never testified . Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the 1981 shooting of President Ronald Reagan , press secretary James Brady , Secret Service Agent Timothy McCarthy and police officer Thomas Delahanty . Brady was shot in the head and permanently disabled . Hinckley 's delusions about actress Jodie Foster motivated him to shoot Reagan .	Team says it 's owed "  significant legal bills in arrears " Defense lawyer says he and others have represented Hinckley at reduced rates Family says it wo n't give "  future funding for attorneys ' fees , expenses or related experts " Hinckley was found not guilty because of insanity in shooting of President Reagan , 3 others
CNN  -- A group of people surrounded the car of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , one man yelling that he is hungry , as a woman climbed up onto it and sat on the vehicle 's roof to speak to the president . The video of the incident , as Ahmadinejad was being driven in a convertible through the southern coastal city of Bandar-Abbas , was posted Saturday on YouTube and has racked up more than 100,000 views . Several people in the crowd seem to be supporters of the president wanting to shake his hand . On his official website , the firebrand president posted photos of other parts of his visit to Hormozgan province , with throngs of smiling people waving flags and reaching out to shake his hand as his entourage throws flower petals . One photo shows a bandage on the president 's right hand . In the video , the car travels through a street amid other traffic , surrounded by guards , as it comes to a stop and a group surrounds it . A man begins yelling over and over , "  Ahamdinejad , I 'm hungry ! " The guards and crowd then chant , "  Peace be upon the Prophet Mohammed , the leader 's helper has come . " Guards also scream at the crowd , "  Get back ! " A woman in a hijab approaches the car . It 's not clear what she 's saying . She climbs onto the hood and starts to crawl over the windshield . A man grabs her leg and drags her back down . But she pulls away from him , waving her hand , sits down on the bit of roof that covers the driver 's section of the car and begins to speak to Ahamdinejad . The president , who is standing up throughout the video , speaks with her and says something to the people behind him in the car . The woman then goes to the back of the car , and the vehicle continues down the road . The description with the YouTube video says it was taken by a local . It was posted online by someone who lists little identifying information . Australia is listed as the YouTube user 's country . The description says Ahmadinejad ignored the man who was shouting about being hungry . CNN 's Ash Gallagher and Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	A YouTube video of the incident has received more than 100,000 views A man was yelling to Iran 's president , "  I 'm hungry ! " It 's unclear what the woman on the car said Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's official website shows throngs of cheering supporters
CNN  Laying down tracks for their debut album in the recording studio in Los Angeles , Iman Hashi , 25 and her sister Siham , 27 could not be further from their hometown of Mogadishu . The sisters were born in the Somali capital but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991 . Along with their parents , the girls relocated to Canada as refugees where during their teens they discovered a passion for music . Heading south to LA by way of Atlanta , the singing sisters with a bold flair for fashion are now embarking on a musical journey , gearing up to unleash their Afro-pop sound to the world . CNN 's African Voices caught up with the sister act -- known collectively as Faarrow  combining the translation of their names into English -- Iman means "  Faith " and Siham means "  Arrow "  to talk about music , aspirations and Somalia . CNN : Hi guys , thanks for chatting with me today . What are some of your musical influences ? Iman : We love Michael Jackson , Lionel Richie -- stuff my mom would listen to and play -- and the Spice Girls . We used to die for the Spice Girls . I love new artists now but I do n't know if it 's a nostalgia , but I remember ... my mom used to pump whatever -- Mariah Carey , Whitney Houston . CNN : You are working on your debut album now -- how 's that been ? Siham : We 've been working with Elijah Kelley -- he 's actually an actor . He was in "  Hairspray , " "  The Butler , " and most recently he was in the George Lucas animation , "  Strange Magic . " That 's what he 's more known for but his first passion is music . He 's an incredible producer , writer and singer . I just felt like he was always the missing piece . He brought everything together . CNN : So now that you 've found your "  missing piece , " how would you describe your sound ? Siham : Our music before was experimenting with Afrobeat sounds but now it 's more of a fusion  of what  we are inspired by . It 's pop with undertones of hip hop and rhythmic African percussion . It 's a fusion of everything . CNN : And do you guys write the songs as well ? Siham : The entire album was pretty much  written and produced  by me , my sister and Elijah . And when we signed we already had a lot of those songs already done . Warner Brothers Records is really great in that way that they already loved what we were doing and let us do our own thing . CNN : What are you listening to right now ? Siham : Oh my God , there 's so many ! Iman : Sia with "  Chandelier . " Siham : I really love this new song -- I do n't know if Iman is going to agree with me -- but his name 's LunchMoney Lewis , it 's called Bills ; I love it . CNN : As well as your music , you both work with the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees  UNHCR  -- how did you start your humanitarian work ? Iman : Ever since we were kids we wanted to help Somalia , we always talked about it . But we were like "  what can we physically do ? " We were doing some research and we called our mom and she said ` You know you still have family over there . There 's a refugee camp in Kenya and your great uncle and his kids live in a refugee camp . ' And we did some research about Dadaab refugee camp , it 's a massive camp that has taken in Sudanese refugees , Somali refugees , Rwandan refugees -- pretty much anywhere there was a conflict . Everybody fled to Dadaab . In the beginning  it was  pure advocacy talking about it on Twitter and Facebook . CNN : But then you decided to "  up your game " as it were ... Iman : Yes , then we started a non-profit and we 'd do small benefit concerts in Toronto and in San Diego -- wherever there was a big Somali community we would do outreach but all we had was our singing , working with UNHCR in a capacity as a spokesperson . We headlined World Refugee Day at the Kennedy Center , as well as the Nansen Awards twice in Geneva . We felt like this platform of singing -- the bigger it gets , the more we can do . Siham : We obviously love fashion so we wanted to do our own socially conscious brand so we 've been making these bracelets and necklaces called "  Wish Creatively . " Wish stands for "  Women Internationally Selling Hope . " We wanted to do a socially conscious brand where we sell these bracelets where it goes back to projects in Kenya or Somalia with women providing them with a sustainable income . CNN : So what 's next for you two ? Siham : We 're actually in the mixing process right now . We still have a few  tracks  to finish up but the majority of the album is pretty much done . We want to turn it in as soon as possible so they can put together a rollout plan and get ready for the first single to drop . Iman : I do n't feel like we ever lost that feeling like we 're creative spokespersons for our generation as well as for Somalia . I feel like now because we followed our dreams it 's like ` they 're not just refugees anymore . ' We do n't have to become doctors so we can one day give back to Somalia and help rebuild -- it 's such a beautiful dream but not ours . In our culture , anything creative is not really respected or appreciated . But I feel like now but even with our new deal we 're still trucking along . I feel like we inspire people . Read this : Nigerian soul singer Nneka is back ! Read this : Angelique Kidjo takes no prisoners More from African Voices	Somali sisters , Iman and Siham Hashi , make up Faarrow A fusion of hip-hop , world pop and Afrobeats , they are currently finishing debut album
Washington  CNN  -- Federal and state governments should move to a single lethal drug for executions instead of complex cocktails that can be botched , a group of criminal justice experts said in a new review of the death penalty in the United States . The experts also recommended that governments should let the public know more about their processes in carrying out the death penalty . The report comes as the Justice Department conducts a review of federal and state death penalty procedures , including the drugs used , following a botched execution in Oklahoma last week . Documents : Not enough left to finish botched execution The Constitution Project published the report called "  Irreversible Error , " the work of bipartisan group of experts , including former elected leaders who oversaw executions , and anti-death penalty activists . The study was already in the works before the failed execution in Oklahoma . The group does n't take a position on whether the death penalty should be used , but rather suggests ways to improve the system , the Constitution Project says , to ensure it is being carried out fairly . "  Without substantial revisions -- not only to lethal injection , but across the board -- the administration of capital punishment in America is unjust , disproportionate and very likely unconstitutional , " former Virginia Republican Attorney General Mark Earley , a member of the committee that produced the report , said in a statement . Former Texas Gov. Mark White , a Democrat and death penalty supporter who co-chaired the committee , said in a recent opinion piece in Politico that he regrets airing an election ad in which he boasted of overseeing the executions of 19 people during his time in office . Among its 39 findings , the report warns that executing people convicted of felony murder violates the Eighth Amendment to the Constitution , which bans cruel , unusual and excessive punishment for crimes . In some states , someone could be convicted of felony murder without killing or even intending or attempting to kill , the report says . "  Including accidental and non-intentional murderers among the death-eligible creates perverse outcomes â $ " those least "  deserving " of a death sentence can be sentenced to die while premeditated and intentional murderers may avoid capital punishment , " the report says . The report suggested improving clemency procedures and better access to the courts for defendants on death row . The report also takes on the issue of executing people suffering from mental retardation , which the Supreme Court banned in 2002 . Some states , the report says , have overly stringent standards for people to be declared mentally handicapped . The move to a single lethal drug , the report says , would make sure the government is using "  the most scientifically reliable methods to minimize pain and suffering during an execution . " States also should make public what drug is used and allow the public to have input on the process . Currently , some states do not identify the drugs they use for lethal injections . Some manufacturers refuse to allow their drugs for such use . Court rules to keep lethal-drug sources secret The full report can be seen here .	Bipartisan group makes recommendations on how to administer death penalty Report follows botched execution in Oklahoma last week Experts say a single lethal drug should be used instead of "  cocktails " Panel also said governments should be more open about the process
CNN  -- Bahrain has foiled a foreign plot to destabilize it , the country 's king said Sunday . King Hamad said the plot had been in the making for more than two decades -- but did not name a country that he believed was trying to carry it out . Bahrain 's Sunni Muslim monarchy has long suspected Iran of attempting to foment unrest among the island 's majority-Shiite population . Relations have been tense in recent weeks as anti-government protesters have taken to the streets of Manama and Iran has condemned Bahrain 's violent crackdown . The king was speaking to officers from the Peninsula Shield , the military arm of the Gulf Cooperation Council . Several members of the council have sent troops to Bahrain to help Manama quell the protests . "  An external plot has been fomented for 20 to 30 years for the ground to be ripe for subversive designs , " the king told the gathering . "  Such subversive designs are not however possible , whether in Bahrain or in any other GCC country , thank goodness , " he added , according to a report by the Bahrain News Agency . "  I here announce the failure of the fomented subversive plot . " King Hamad said that if the plot succeeded in one council country , it could spill over into others . Meanwhile , Human Rights Watch urged Bahrain on Monday to end its "  campaign of arrests " of doctors and human rights activists . Over the weekend , security forces arrested four medical doctors and two activists , the group said . "  The arrests , some of which occurred during pre-dawn hours , appear part of a broader government crackdown involving nighttime raids on the homes of those viewed as supporting pro-democracy protesters , " Human Rights Watch said . Among those detained was Nabeel Rajab of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights . About 25 people in about a dozen cars pulled up to his house early Sunday and took him to the offices of the interior ministry 's investigative department , he said . "  They said that they were looking for a suspect who was armed and thought I might know him , " Rajab said . "  They beat me , punched me , kicked me , handcuffed me . Blindfolded me . " The government confirmed that Rajab was arrested but did not provide additional details . In a statement released Monday , the government denied accusations from the Human Rights Watch suggesting "  there is a campaign of indiscriminately arresting or targeting doctors . " "  What such organisations have so far failed to understand is that the services of some of Bahrain 's main medical facilities , including Salmaniya Medical Complex , had been overrun by political and sectarian activity , " the government said in a statement . "  This was totally unacceptable behaviour , by any standard . "  Those responsible are being investigated and will be held to account in the proper , legal manner . " Thousands of people have been demonstrating in Bahrain since last month , part of a wave that has spread through North Africa and the Middle East . On Saturday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called on Bahrain to allow its people to demonstrate peacefully as opposition members reported the death of a fifth protester . "  We have made clear that security alone can not resolve the challenges facing Bahrain , " Clinton said . "  Violence is not and can not be the answer . A political process is . We have raised our concerns about the current measures directly with Bahraini officials and will continue to do so . " The demonstrators were killed when Bahraini security forces cleared protesters from the Pearl Roundabout in the capital , Manama , on Tuesday . The roundabout had been a rallying site for anti-government demonstrators since the unrest began . Three days later , the government demolished the landmark monument at the center of the traffic circle .	Bahrain denies accusations it has been singling out doctors for arrest King Hamad does not say which country he accuses of fomenting unrest Bahrain 's Sunni monarchy has long suspected Iran of inciting its Shiite majority
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Chemical dispersants keep flowing into the Gulf of Mexico at virtually unchanged levels despite the Environmental Protection Agency 's order to BP to "  significantly " scale back , according to a CNN analysis of daily dispersant reports provided by the Deepwater Horizon Unified Command . When the May 26 directive was issued , EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson said dispersant use should be cut by 75 percent . Public statements at the time made by the EPA administrator gave the impression that federal officials were trying to cut down overall dispersant use . "  We expect to see a substantial reduction in the overall amount of dispersant used , " Jackson said in May . Before May 26 , BP used 25,689 gallons a day of the chemical dispersant Corexit . Since then , CNN 's analysis shows , the daily average of dispersant use has dropped to 23,250 gallons a day , a 9 percent decline . Gulf Coast environmentalists say it 's another sign that the federal agencies monitoring dispersant use are not being tough enough with BP . "  I think the EPA has been struggling to respond to this crisis , " said Aaron Viles with the Gulf Restoration Network . "  It 's all really a giant science experiment and we 're terribly concerned that in the long run the impacts are going to be significant and we really do n't know what we 're doing to the ecosystem . " But the EPA argues it deserves credit for getting alarming dispersant use under control . The directive states that BP must ramp down dispersant use by "  75 percent from the maximum daily amount used . " And that 's the catch . The highest recorded amount of dispersant used occurred on May 23 , when 70,000 gallons were injected into the Gulf of Mexico . EPA officials say they feared that number would have become the norm and that 's why , they say , the directive was issued . "  This escalation was quickly reversed , ensuring BP only uses the lowest volume of dispersant needed , " said Adora Andy , a spokeswoman for the EPA . But even by the EPA 's own standards , BP still routinely exceeds the daily threshold . The EPA and Coast Guard say they 're trying to keep dispersant use to around 18,000 barrels a day . But according to CNN 's analysis , BP has gone over that amount 50 percent of the time since the May 26 directive was issued . To do so , BP must request permission from the U.S. Coast Guard . Coast Guard officials say dispersant use is "  evaluated daily " and that it 's using the "  safest and most effective methods available " to protect the sea environment . "  The EPA-Coast Guard directive has been successful in ensuring that BP uses the lowest volume of dispersant necessary , " U.S. Coast Guard Lt. Erik Halvorson , a spokesman with the Unified Area Command . The EPA continues testing the chemical dispersant Corexit 9500 , which has been used by BP since the beginning of the oil disaster . So far more than 1.6 million gallons of the chemical have been injected into the Gulf of Mexico . But the struggle over daily dispersant use has caught the eye of Rep. Ed Markey , D-Massachusetts , one of the loudest critics of BP 's response in cleaning up the oil spill . "  I think it is obvious we can never again allow for a repetition of what is happening right now , where the science experiment is being conducted without having any idea what the impact on marine life long term will be , " said Markey .	Chemical dispersants keep flowing at virtually unchanged levels EPA directive says level should be cut by 75 percent CNN analysis shows flow down by 9 percent per day Dispersant use called "  science experiment "
CNN  -- Chastity Bono , gay-rights activist and child of performer Cher and the late entertainer and politician Sonny Bono , is in the early stages of transitioning from a female to a male and will be known as Chaz , his spokesman said Thursday . Activist Chastity Bono is transitioning from female to male and will be known as Chaz . "  Chaz , after many years of consideration , has made the courageous decision to honor his true identity , " Howard Bragman said in a written statement . "  He is proud of his decision and grateful for the support and respect that has already been shown by his loved ones . It is Chaz 's hope that his choice to transition will open the hearts and minds of the public regarding this issue , just as his ` coming out ' did nearly 20 years ago . " Someone 's decision to transition does not necessarily mean they are undergoing gender reassignment surgery , and in many cases they do not , said Mara Keisling , executive director of the Washington-based National Center for Transgender Equality . "  The whole media fixation on surgery is kind of misplaced , " she said . "  Almost no transgender people ever have surgery . We do n't have any idea how many do . " iReport.com : Do you have a transgender story ? An estimated one-quarter to one-half percent of the American population is transsexual , however , Keisling said . "  It 's sort of a general term that encompasses both or either a social transition or a medical transition . " Keisling said she was unaware of the specifics in Bono 's case , but speaking generally , a transition means that he will now want to be "  known , seen , viewed " as a male . "  The actual details depend on his needs and wants and his doctor 's needs and wants , " she said . Bragman asked that the media "  respect Chaz 's privacy during this long process , as he will not be doing any interviews at this time . " Now 40 , Bono as a little girl made regular appearances on her parents ' show , "  The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour . " As an adult , he has been a longtime gay-rights advocate and been closely associated with the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation . See more photos from Chastity Bono 's life " Bono 's father , Sonny Bono , was a U.S. representative from California when he was killed in a skiing accident in January 1998 .	Chastity Bono transitioning to male , will be known as Chaz Bono is longtime gay-rights activist "  Transitioning " is either social or medical transition , how person wants to be viewed
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department on Tuesday weighed in on one of the most explosive issues in American politics , filing a lawsuit to overturn a tough new Arizona immigration law that has sharply divided people along partisan , ideological and ethnic lines . It also asked the federal courts to grant an injunction to stop enforcement of the measure before it takes effect late this month . Arizona 's law requires immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times and allows police to question the residency status of people in the course of enforcing another law . It also targets businesses that hire illegal immigrant laborers or knowingly transport them . Justice Department lawyers argued that the state statute should be declared invalid because it has improperly preempted federal law . "  In our constitutional system , the power to regulate immigration is exclusively vested in the federal government , " the brief said . "  The immigration framework set forth by Congress and administered by federal agencies reflects a careful and considered balance of national law enforcement , foreign relations , and humanitarian concerns -- concerns that belong to the nation as a whole , not a single state . " How do you feel about the Arizona immigration law ? However , Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said it was "  wrong that our own federal government is suing the people of Arizona for helping to enforce federal immigration law . " "  Today 's filing is nothing more than a massive waste of taxpayer funds , " Brewer said in a statement . "  These funds could be better used against the violent Mexican cartels than the people of Arizona . " The government 's brief said the U.S. Constitution and federal law "  do not permit the development of a patchwork of state and local immigration policies throughout the country . " "  Although a state may adopt regulations that have an indirect or incidental effect on aliens , a state may not establish its own immigration policy or enforce state laws in a manner that interferes with federal immigration law , " the brief said . "  The State of Arizona has crossed this constitutional line . " The brief contends that the Arizona law "  disrupts federal enforcement priorities and resources that focus on aliens who pose a threat to national security or public safety . ... If allowed to go into effect , -LSB- its -RSB- mandatory enforcement scheme will conflict with and undermine the federal government 's careful balance of immigration enforcement priorities and objectives . " The Justice Department highlighted statements in support of the lawsuit from the sheriff of Arizona 's Santa Cruz County and several Department of Homeland Security officials , among others . President Barack Obama said in a speech July 1 that the Arizona measure has "  fanned the flames of an already contentious debate . " Among other things , it puts pressure on police officers to enforce rules that are "  unenforceable " while making communities less safe -- in part , by making people more reluctant to report crimes , he said . The law also has "  the potential of violating the rights of innocent American citizens and legal residents , making them subject to possible stops or questioning because of what they look like or how they sound . " Arizona 's two Republican senators , however , immediately blasted the decision to file the lawsuit . "  The American people must wonder whether the Obama administration is really committed to securing the border when it sues a state that is simply trying to protect its people by enforcing immigration law , " Sens. Jon Kyl and John McCain said in a statement . The top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee also ripped the decision . "  Not only does this lawsuit reveal the Obama administration 's contempt for immigration laws and the people of Arizona , it reveals contempt for the majority of the American people who support Arizona 's efforts to reduce human smuggling , drug trafficking and illegal immigration , " said Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas . "  Arizona 's law simply applies state penalties to acts already illegal under federal law . " Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick , D-Arizona , released a statement calling the lawsuit a "  sideshow . " "  A court battle between the federal government and Arizona will not move us closer to securing the border or fixing America 's broken immigration system , " she said . Brewer , a Republican , said the Arizona law was designed "  to complement , not supplant , enforcement of federal immigration laws , " and that she would fight the government lawsuit with the help of a legal defense fund set up to pay the legal fees . "  Our laws will be found to be constitutional -- because that is exactly what they are , " Brewer 's statement said . Obama renewed his push for comprehensive immigration reform last week , calling for bipartisan cooperation on an issue reflecting deep social and political divisions . Seeking an elusive middle ground on the subject , the president highlighted the importance of immigrants to American history and progress while acknowledging the fear and frustration many feel with a system that he said seems "  fundamentally broken . " He asserted that the majority of Americans are ready to embrace reform legislation that would help resolve the status of an estimated 11 million illegal immigrants . In his July 1 speech , Obama warned that rounding up everyone in the country who has entered illegally would be both "  logistically impossible " and "  tear at the fabric of the nation . " At the same time , the president indicated it would be wrong to offer blanket amnesty for people who came into the United States unlawfully . Despite Obama 's call for bipartisan immigration reform , several senior Democratic sources said last week they see virtually no chance of Congress taking up such a measure before November 's midterm elections . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. national poll conducted in late May showed 57 percent of Americans backing the Arizona law , with 37 percent opposed to it . The poll also indicated that public support for beefing up security along the U.S. border with Mexico has grown significantly . According to the survey , nearly nine out of 10 Americans want to increase U.S. law enforcement along the border with Mexico . Eight in 10 questioned also supported a program that would allow illegal immigrants already in the United States to stay here and apply for legal residency , provided they had a job and paid back taxes . But only 38 percent say that program should be a higher priority than border security and other get-tough proposals . Six in 10 said border security was the higher priority . CNN 's Terry Frieden , Bill Mears and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	NEW : Arizona governor criticizes government lawsuit against immigration law Key Republican says lawsuit shows "  contempt " for Americans Justice Department says Arizona improperly preempts federal law Law requires police to question people suspected of being in U.S. illegally
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Somewhere in the world , a child dies of hunger every five seconds -- even though the planet has more than enough food for all . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon laid out this sobering statistic as he kicked off a three-day summit on world food security Monday in Rome . "  Today , more than 1 billion people are hungry , " he told the assembled leaders . Six million children die of hunger every year -- 17,000 every day , he said . The summit opened with the leaders adopting a declaration to renew their commitment to eradicating hunger . They promised to do so by promoting investment , reversing the decline in funding for agriculture and tackling the effect of global warming on food security . Urgent action is critical , Ban said . In 2050 , the world will need to feed 2 billion more mouths -- 9.1 billion in all . The steps Ban proposed included providing farmers with seeds and land and offering them access to better markets and fairer trade . "  These small-holder farmers are the heart and soul of food security and poverty reduction , " he said . "  Our job is not just to feed the hungry but to empower the hungry to feed themselves . " The summit came under criticism even before it began , with some aid groups skeptical that it would accomplish much . The United Nations hopes that donors will go beyond affirming their support to end hunger and fulfill a promise they made during a Group of Eight meeting in July to increase food aid significantly . Though more than 60 world leaders are at the summit , all but one of the G-8 leaders were absent . Italian Prime Minister Silvio Belusconi is hosting the gathering . The United States sent the head of the U.S. Agency for International Development , and Britain sent two ministers . During his speech , Ban also tied the global warming crisis to hunger eradication . The melting of Himalayan glaciers will affect the livelihood of 300 million people in China and up to 1 billion throughout Asia , he said . And African farmers might see harvests drop by 50 percent by 2020 . The United Nations has scheduled a climate summit next month in Copenhagen , Denmark . "  There can be no food security without climate security , " Ban said . "  They must produce results . "  The world is impatient for us to make a difference . I , too , am impatient . And I am committed . " The United Nations also seeks commitment from the public , making an online appeal for individual donations to fight hunger . The U.N. World Food Program 's "  Billion for a Billion " campaign aims to reach 1 billion individuals . "  If a billion Internet users donate a dollar or a euro a week , we can literally transform the lives of a billion hungry people across the world , " said Josette Sheeran , the World Food Program 's executive director . Small donations can make a big difference , Sheeran said . "  Year in , year out , governments have supported WFP in its mission to feed the world 's hungriest people , but they can not be expected to do it alone , " Sheeran said . "  It 's time for members of the public to act . "	More than 1 billion hungry , U.N. official says at summit for world food security Ban Ki-moon : "  Small-holder farmers are the heart and soul of ... poverty reduction " Some aid groups express skepticism about summit More than 60 leaders attend summit , but only one Group of Eight leader
A last-minute enrollment surge enabled the White House to meet its original sign-up target for the Affordable Care Act , a surprising victory for the Obama administration after a rocky rollout of the program that has become a political hot potato for Democrats and a rallying cry for Republicans . President Barack Obama said on Tuesday that 7.1 million people had signed up on federal or state exchanges for coverage under the health care law now often known as Obamacare . The enrollment period began anemically in October with a faltering federal website and ended with a crush of people trying to beat Monday 's deadline to get coverage . Not everyone who has selected a health plan has paid for it yet , officials said . Nevertheless , Obama claimed victory at a White House ceremony , saying the program approved by Congress in 2010 -- with no Republican support and vilified relentlessly by the GOP as government overreach -- has been a force for good . He said it was n't perfect , acknowledging the early difficulties in selecting a policy on HealthCare.gov , and he predicted more hurdles in carrying it out . But the overall goal of starting to narrow the gap between those with health coverage and those without it has begun , and millions of Americans are embracing it , Obama said . "  That 's what the  law  is all about , making sure all of us and all our fellow citizens can count on the security of health care when we get sick , " he said , noting that the "  law is doing what it 's supposed to do . It 's working . " The numbers The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office originally projected the 7 million enrollment target for the October through March period , which was adopted by the administration . Expectations plummeted throughout the fall and into this year after the early website problems , which Obama called "  several lost weeks . " But signs of a pickup began in late January and continued into February and early March despite a fierce campaign by Republicans to demonize the law as unworkable . Administration officials said an absolute crush of people pushed the program -- Obama 's chief domestic accomplishment -- over the finish line at the 11th hour . More than 4.8 million visits were made to HealthCare.gov on Monday alone . Officials stressed that the 7.1 million figure represents only those who signed up for coverage . Those who came in late and encountered technical problems have until mid-April to complete the process . Private insurers are providing the coverage . Health of Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told an Oklahoma TV station on Monday that insurers were reporting that 80 % to 90 % had paid so far . The law also includes expanded Medicaid insurance for the poor in many states , but those participants are not part of the sign-up total . The politics Republicans , especially in the House , have waged a nonstop campaign to repeal or roll back the Affordable Care Act , saying it was rammed through Congress without their input and now is another illustration of big government at its worst . They have made it a rallying cry of their fall campaign to expand their majority in the House and reclaim the Senate . It has energized the base , and the issue informs the commentary of potential GOP candidates for president as well . Michael Steel , a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner , an Ohio Republican , said in a statement that the law "  continues to harm the American people " despite Obama 's "  victory lap . " He said costs are not going down , as Obama contends , and people are losing insurance plans they preferred and small businesses are chafing under the law 's requirements . "  That 's why we must replace this fundamentally flawed law with patient-centered solutions that will actually lower health care costs and help create jobs , " Steel said . Democrats on the stump , especially those who voted for it and now find themselves in tight races , have recalibrated their position with Obama 's presidency not much help to them with voters overall in their states . But Obama said at the White House that the law is good for the country , regardless of politics , and that the numbers show Americans want it and that it 's "  here to stay . " "  I do n't get it . Why are folks working so hard for people not to have health insurance ? Why are they so mad about the idea of people having health insurance ? " he asked . What people think Americans are divided over how they view the law . Last month , 46 % said they viewed it unfavorably , down 4 points since January , and 38 % said they viewed it favorably , up 4 points over the same time period , according to a Kaiser Family Foundation poll . Those who held unfavorable views cited concerns about costs  23 %  , opposition to the individual mandate  17 %  , and concerns about government intrusion  10 %  . Those with favorable views cited expanded access to health care and health insurance  61 %  , followed by the perception that it will control health care costs and make it more affordable  10 %  and that it will be good for the country  7 %  . The telephone survey of 1,504 adults was conducted March 11 to 17 and had a sampling error of plus or minus 3 points . Professor Uwe Reinhardt , a health economist at Princeton University , said he was not surprised at the last-minute rush to sign up . "  I think the prayer of the conservatives that this would collapse just did n't get answered , " he told CNN . "  It fills a need . " He predicted conservatives would chip away at whatever the number proves to be . "  It 's all just , some people hate Obama and anything he does , " he said . The details The administration did not release details about the numbers , including the number of younger Americans who signed up . That metric is crucial for making the program work economically because premiums from younger , healthier participants are needed to make the program work for older people who use the health care system more . An official briefing reporters on the condition of anonymity said insurance companies were confident the percentage of young people was sufficient for the insurance marketplaces to function properly . Obamacare 's primary goal is to reduce the ranks of the 45 million uninsured . Until now , many Americans with pre-existing conditions had to pay sky-high prices for insurance , if they could get any at all . Often , insurers branded them "  uninsurable . " The surge The administration pulled out all the stops in the final weeks of the enrollment period -- an effort one official equated to a "  get out the vote " campaign before an election . Administration officials took to the radio airwaves by participating in 400 interviews , enlisted celebrities and athletes to promote the law , and engaged people on social media . And Obama 's interview on the online comedycast "  Between Two Ferns " resulted in the so-called Zach Galifianakis effect , resulting in 33 million views of his mock interview with the comedian . The interview with Galifianakis , along with a promotional push from Miami Heat forward LeBron James , were cited by administration officials as two of the most effective components in the push to enroll young Americans on the health care exchanges . The overall effort , the White House said , surpassed their expectations in terms of last-minute sign-ups . By the numbers : The final Obamacare push Republicans hit a nerve when it comes to Obamacare 5 things the polls tell us about Obamacare	President Barack Obama says administration hits initial sign-up target More than 4.8 million visits to HealthCare.gov were made on Monday alone Enrollment in health care program steadily grew after rocky rollout The surge in sign-ups includes a good number of young people , official tells CNN
CNN  At least 23 people were killed in a Boko Haram attack in the Mozogo district in Cameroon 's Far North Region , an official said . The regional governor , Mijiyawa Bakary , confirmed the attack by the Nigeria-based Islamist militants , but did not give further details . "  We are still gathering the facts from our divisional officers , but what we know for now is that the attackers killed at least 23 people . The damage could be more , " he said . The attackers also burned down a village , security forces told CNN . A soldier on the front who did not want to be named told CNN by phone that the insurgents carried out a similar attack along the Waza-Mora highway on Friday , killing one Cameroonian soldier . The soldier said "  a corporal was killed and three soldiers were wounded . The attackers also confiscated a  Toyota  Land Cruiser belonging to the Cameroon military . " Earlier this month , the country 's state-run broadcaster CRTV reported that 116 Boko Haram fighters and one Cameroonian soldier were killed during an attack that the militant group launched against a military column in northern Cameroon . And in May , Boko Haram militants kidnapped 10 Chinese road construction workers in Waza , just miles from the border with Nigeria , and killed one worker . The hostages were freed in October . Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings . The Islamist group -- considered one of the world 's most deadly terrorist organizations -- has said its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Increasingly , it has crossed into northern Cameroon , attacking military forces , as well as kidnapping foreign nationals . But there is no firm evidence the group has ambitions beyond Nigeria . CNN 's Tim Lister and journalist Ngala Killian Chimtom contributed to this report .	Boko Haram fighters crossed the border into Cameroon and attacked a village Local official cited death toll of 23 , but had no other details It is one of several attacks against Cameroon this year
CNN  -- He 's won virtually everything on offer in the world of tennis , and Roger Federer took a step closer to a complete collection as he saved Switzerland from an embarrassing defeat in the Davis Cup quarterfinals on Sunday . Staring down the barrel against unfancied Kazakhstan following Saturday 's doubles loss , the 17-time grand slam champion was n't even sure he 'd get to take the court in Geneva . However , his 2008 Olympics gold-medal-winning partner Stanislas Wawrinka bounced back for his first victory of the weekend to level the scores at 2-2 . The Australian Open champion came from a set down to beat Mikhail Kukushkin 6-7  4-7  6-4 6-4 6-4 and set up a decider . "  I was hoping so much I was going to get a chance to play and not just watch Stan play , " Federer said . "  I got the opportunity and I 'm happy I lived up to the hype and the expectations , and I was able to get the boys through so very happy for them . " Federer 's 7-6  7-0  6-2 6-3 victory over Andrey Golubev -- previously unbeaten in the competition this season -- gave him the record for most Davis Cup wins by a Swiss player , putting him past the 34 recorded by Jakob Hlasek . Hlasek was part of the only Swiss team to reach the final , losing to a star-studded U.S. team in 1992 . "  I knew Stan was going to play better than Friday and I thought as well that he was going to do a better job with rhythm and against the type of player Kukushkin was , he 'd find a way . That 's what happened . It was tough for him for a long time , " Federer said . "  Then personally for me , I just felt I was playing such great tennis the last six months that I would find a way as well and I did . It 's a relief but it was a great feeling . " The Swiss will next play Italy , who also came from 2-1 down to end Britain 's hopes of a first semifinal appearance since the World Group concept was introduced in 1981 . Fabio Fognini handed two-time grand slam champion Andy Murray his first singles defeat in 19 Davis Cup matches , a run stretching back to 2005 , winning 6-3 6-3 6-4 to delight the home crowd in Naples . Andreas Seppi then defeated James Ward 6-4 6-3 6-4 on the red clay to give the Italians a first semifinal appearance since 1998 . France managed an even more impressive comeback , rallying from 2-0 down against Germany to set up a semifinal against two-time defending champions the Czech Republic in Nancy . Jo-Wilfried Tsonga leveled the tie by beating Tobias Kamke 6-3 6-2 6-4 , then Gael Monfils completed a memorable victory as he won 6-1 7-6  7-0  6-2 against Peter Gowjowczyk . "  I 'm just so proud of my players , because coming from 2-0 down on the first day was not easy , " said France captain Arnaud Clement , who played in the team 's 2010 final defeat against Serbia . It clinched another home tie , against a Czech side which completed a 5-0 whitewash of Japan in Tokyo . Lukas Rosol led the way in the absence of No. 1 Tomas Berdych , winning both singles matches and his doubles rubber .	Roger Federer gives Switzerland a 3-2 victory over Kazakhstan in Davis Cup The Swiss come from 2-1 down to earn semifinal clash with Italy Italians also rally from a point behind to deny Britain a place in last four France come from 2-0 down against Germany to secure semi against Czech Republic
Fred Phelps -- the founding pastor of a Kansas church known for its virulently anti-gay protests at public events , including military funerals -- has died , the church said Thursday . The 84-year-old died of natural causes at 11:15 p.m. Wednesday , according to church spokesman Steve Drain . Phelps founded Westboro Baptist Church of Topeka , Kansas , in 1955 and molded it in his fire-and-brimstone image . Many members of the small congregation are related to Phelps through blood or marriage . In a statement Thursday , the church chided the "  world-wide media " for "  gleefully anticipating the death . " "  God forbid , if every little soul at the Westboro Baptist Church were to die at this instant , or to turn from serving the true and living God , it would not change one thing about the judgments of God that await this deeply corrupted nation and world . " According to Westboro , the church has picketed more than 53,000 events , ranging from Lady Gaga concerts to funerals for slain U.S. soldiers . Typically , a dozen or so church members -- including small children -- will brandish signs that say "  God Hates Fags " and "  Thank God for Dead Soldiers . " Phelps was often called "  the most hated man in America , " a label he seemed to relish . "  If I had nobody mad at me , " he told the Wichita Eagle in 2006 , "  what right would I have to claim that I was preaching the Gospel ? " Under Phelps ' leadership , Westboro members have preached that every calamity , from natural disasters to the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , is God 's punishment for the country 's acceptance of homosexuality . Phelps had advocated for gays and lesbians to be put to death . "  Fred Phelps will not be missed by the LGBT community , people with HIV/AIDS and the millions of decent people across the world who found what he and his followers do deeply hurtful and offensive , " the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force said in a statement . Phelps began his anti-gay protests in Wichita in 1991 after complaining that the city refused to stop gay activities in a public park . He rose to national notoriety in 1998 , when Westboro members picketed at the funeral of Matthew Shepard , a Wyoming man who was tortured and murdered because he was gay . Phelps and his church carried signs that said Shepard was rotting in hell . The Southern Poverty Law Center calls Westboro Baptist Church "  arguably the most obnoxious and rabid hate group in America . " In 2011 , the Supreme Court upheld Westboro 's right to picket military funerals on free speech grounds . Congress and several states , though , have passed laws aimed at keeping church members at a distance from funerals . In 2013 , more than 367,000 petitioners called on the White House to legally recognize Westboro Baptist Church as a hate group . The White House called Westboro 's protests "  reprehensible " but said that "  as a matter of practice , the federal government does n't maintain a list of hate groups . " Anti-gay preacher once fought for civil rights Born in Meridian , Mississippi , on November 29 , 1929 , Phelps had his sights set on West Point before he attended a Methodist revival . He said the sermon inspired him to enter the ministry . "  I felt the call , as they say , and it was powerful , " Phelps told the Topeka Capital-Journal in 1994 . "  The God of glory appeared . " Later , Phelps was ordained by a Southern Baptist church in Utah . He bounced around several Christian colleges as his preaching and his theology took a hard right turn . A Time magazine article from 1951 describes Phelps as a "  craggy-faced engineering student " who harangued fellow students about the dangers of promiscuity and profanity . Tim Miller , a professor of religious history at the University of Kansas who has studied Westboro Baptist Church , said Phelps liked to consider himself a "  primitive Baptist preacher who held to the old ways . " Despite its "  Baptist " name , Westboro is not affiliated with any larger church denomination . Most Christians criticize the congregation 's harsh anti-gay rhetoric and penchant for pursuing the limelight at inappropriate moments . Phelps married his wife , Marge , who survives him , in 1952 . The couple moved to Topeka on May 14 , 1954 , the day the Supreme Court handed down its landmark decision Brown v. Board of Education , which desegregated public schools . Phelps interpreted that as a sign and soon began a law career that centered on civil rights , winning awards for his work and praise from local leaders . "  Most blacks -- that 's who they went to , " the Rev. Ben Scott , president of the NAACP 's Topeka branch , told CNN in 2010 . "  I do n't know if he was cheaper or if he had that stick-to-it-ness , but Fred did n't lose many back then . " Phelps was disbarred from practicing law in state courts , however , after being accused of badgering a witness and making false claims in court affidavits . The Kansas Supreme Court said that Phelps "  has little regard for the ethics of his profession . " Phelps surrendered his license to practice law in federal courts in 1989 , according to the Topeka Capital-Journal , after nine U.S. District Court judges filed disciplinary complaints against him . Most of the members of Phelps ' Westboro Baptist Church are members of his large family . Phelps has 13 children ; 11 are attorneys . One son , Nathan , is estranged from his father and from organized religion . He is an atheist . Nathan Phelps posted a Facebook message March 15 saying that his father had been excommunicated from the church . Later , though , Nathan Phelps said it was "  unclear " whether his father had been expelled from Westboro . Video : Phelps ' daughter takes part in WBC protest same day he died A church statement issued on March 16 said that "  membership issues are private " and that eight unnamed elders lead the congregation . On Thursday , the church added , "  Listen carefully ; there are no power struggles in the Westboro Baptist Church , and there is no human intercessor -- we serve no man , and no hierarchy , only the Lord Jesus Christ . " For years , Phelps joked about the possibility that his own funeral would draw protests . During a sermon in 2006 , he said a CNN reporter once asked how he would feel if that occurred . "  I 'd love it . I 'd invite them , " Phelps told the reporter , according to the Wichita Eagle . "  I said : ` I 'll put in my will to pay your way . But not first class . ' " But Shirley Phelps-Roper , Phelps ' daughter , said Westboro will not hold a funeral for its patriarch . "  We do not worship the dead , " Phelps-Roper told CNN .	Church spokesman says Phelps died late Wednesday of natural causes Phelps founded Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka , Kansas The church is known for its virulently anti-gay protests , including at military funerals
Washington  CNN  -- John Keith rattles each pill bottle and raps it down on the table , 15 in all . "  That 's what they had me on right there , every day , " the former sailor says of the prescriptions he received from Veterans Affairs doctors . Keith , who lives in California , says his case is an example of how government doctors over-prescribe for active-duty and retired military , with often disastrous results . On the other side of the country , the Ohio family of Chris Bachus , a decorated Marine who died in his sleep from an accidental drug overdose , also says military doctors are writing too many prescriptions . "  How could a team of doctors , allegedly working together , prescribe all those things together ? " Jerry Bachus asks of the doctors who treated his brother with dozens of separate medications . And the military itself is struggling with demands of its personnel returning from multiple warzone deployments and seeking treatment for a variety of injuries and mental issues . Navy veteran Keith blames multiple tours in the Persian Gulf , on board the USS Kitty Hawk , for a variety of ailments including post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury . But he blames government doctors for loading him up on pills . "  After I was taking the 10 pills and it was n't working , I went back to the VA , and they prescribed me five more pills on top of everything else , " Keith said . Then came blackouts , and once he tossed furniture out of a friend 's apartment . "  I 'd thrown it off the balcony , and I had no recollection whatsoever , " Keith explained . "  I called a VA doctor and told her what happened . She said , ` Oh , it 's too strong . Just cut the pills in half and take half . ' I did that , and the next thing I know , I was being arrested by the Dallas police , " Keith said . In Ohio , Bachus ' brother questions why the successful Marine gunnery sergeant had his own oversupply of legally prescribed medicines when he died . "  They were all legitimately prescribed drugs from physicians who had sat right in front of him and evaluated his condition , and whatever he had an issue of , they would either increase the dosage or the potency of the individual pill , " Jerry Bachus said at his home outside Columbus . He shows off the Iraqi battle flag that Chris brought back from one of Saddam Hussein 's palaces after he fought his way through Baghdad . He thumbs through photos , including one of the two brothers visiting Washington . And he tells about how his brother was usually the happiest guy around . "  He laughed and smiled a lot . He had a great time . He lived life to its fullest . He lived life the way people wished they did , " Bachus says . But after multiple deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan and 17 years in the Corps , Chris was just a shadow . "  He was passive . He was ghostly , " Jerry Bachus said , describing how he failed to convince his brother that he was n't really fit to serve . But Bachus shipped out again to Iraq in 2007 , coming back early with stress complaints and suspicions of a traumatic brain injury from a roadside bomb . The cover letter on the official military autopsy for Chris Bachus strongly recommends that family members not read it alone , but with a family friend or minister . It spells out the 27 prescriptions found near the body in March 2008 , at Camp Geiger in North Carolina . The death was ruled accidental , blamed on "  multi-drug toxicity . " The list of 27 prescription bottles found at the scene of death takes up most of a page of the autopsy , from topiramate to oxycodone to lorazepam . Jerry Bachus admits that the military faces enormous demands , countless requests to ease both the physical and mental pain . "  You 're gon na give me whatever I need to make me feel better , and you 're gon na make me go away ... because there 's 1,000 people standing in line behind me that just came off the bus with me , " he said . The armed services have recognized the problem as a reflection of what also is playing out in civilian life as well . "  I think in some cases yes , certainly , I think there is over-reliance , " said Brig. Gen. Richard Thomas , the Army 's assistant surgeon general . "  But I think ... it reflects how we are in society ; we do have a tendency to rely on prescription meds . " Thomas says the Army has implemented rules to limit the number of people who can prescribe medications for an individual patient , as well as new scrutiny of cases in which multiple prescriptions have been written . New prescriptions may carry a time limit , with no refills without a new examination . "  We have some new policies that are out to address poly-pharmacy , multiple medications , to make sure we are prescribing these things in a safe and responsible manner to protect the patient , " Thomas said . "  Ultimately , because we do n't want to leave the responsibility for figuring it out in the hands of the patient . " And the military is exploring new treatments , without drugs . "  Whether it be acupuncture or biofeedback or yoga therapy , there is a host of other things we can provide to patients to take care of them right , other than narcotics , " Thomas said . "  Narcotics may still have a role , but it does n't have as big a role , and there are alternatives , and that 's the key . " Meanwhile , Jerry Bachus keeps asking why doctors , commanders and even fellow Marines did n't raise the alarm . "  Just to say we gave this trooper a bag of pills , that does n't wash , " he said . "  It just is n't good enough . It just is n't good enough . " CNN Pentagon Correspondent Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	One Navy veteran says he took 15 medications a day Marine died in his sleep ; autopsy lists 27 medications General says Army has new rules on prescriptions
CNN  -- TV 's Dr. Mehmet Oz attempted to offer more than just health guidance on a busy street in Manhattan on Tuesday morning after a taxi jumped a curb and hit a pedestrian and a cyclist . The accident happened at 49th Street and Sixth Avenue -- home to Rockefeller Center and near Radio City Music Hall and Saks Fifth Avenue -- around 11 a.m. . A British tourist was struck and her right leg was severed above her foot and below the knee , according to New York City police . She was sent to Bellevue Hospital , where she was undergoing surgery to try to reattach her right leg , police said . A bicyclist was also struck but was treated at the scene . Police said the incident seemed like an accident . Oz , the host of "  The Dr. Oz Show , " was getting ready for a shoot when he and his team heard emergency vehicles rushing to the scene , according to Tim Sullivan , representative of the Dr. Oz show . Their offices are about a block away from the accident . Dick Van Dyke helped from burning car Oz and students from the medical staff on the show ran to the accident , but by the time they arrived , paramedics were already on the scene assisting the injured tourist , according to Sullivan . A good Samaritan walking by was able to use his belt as a tourniquet until paramedics arrived , according to Sullivan . "  David Justino , a plumber from New York , took action , removing his belt and using it as a tourniquet , " Oz said in a Facebook post . "  My prayers are with the victim for a speedy recovery . " He posted a photo of himself and Justino on Facebook . Oz told CNN affiliate PIX11 that when he arrived , the belt had been tied to the woman 's leg and he was just trying to tighten it to stop the bleeding . The cab driver was in a daze and very emotional , Oz said . Another good Samaritan , Max Crespo , a pizza truck owner , put the woman 's amputated leg in a bucket of ice until paramedics arrived , according to WCBS . Oz praised "  Plumber Dave " as a hero in the accident . "  Plumber Dave , who 's an average Joe , an average Dave , walking along the streets , saved her life , " Oz told PIX11 . Dr. Oz 's 10 habits of healthy families	A taxi jumps a curb at a busy intersection and hits a British tourist and a cyclist , police say Dr. Oz and his student staffers run to the scene about a block away from their office The tourist 's foot is amputated , and a good Samaritan uses his belt as a tourniquet Oz , who tightened the makeshift tourniquet , praises the plumber who jumped into action
CNN  -- Every morning before riding , Gary Stevens has to walk four miles . The walk is a necessity , the only way the 51-year-old can get his ailing knees slowly warmed up and working , capable of dealing with the demands on those damaged joints of riding some of the world 's best horses at speeds of up to 45 mph . When the American first retired in 2005 , he had enough money in the bank from a glittering riding career to kill any thought of a comeback . Then there was the ensuing broadcasting career , not to mention acting forays in the movie "  Seabiscuit " and the television series "  Luck . " But he finds himself back in the saddle . "  This is middle-aged crazy , " he says -- and without cracking a smile , all too aware of the risks being taken . One only has to watch the clip of him being trampled like a rag doll in the 2003 Arlington Million race , suffering a punctured lung and a fractured vertebra in his back , to see that . "  People retire and play golf or go fishing . This is my fishing . I never thought I 'd say so at this time of my life but I 'd rather be on the race track than on the golf course , and I like golf , " says Stevens , who started racing again at the start of last year . "  And the 50s are the new 30s right ? Anyway , I 'm not the only old guy out there . Look , you 've got Fred Couples in golf and he 's doing alright . " But his return demanded sacrifices . Stevens had to shed the equivalent of 10 bags of sugar off his body and get down to a racing weight of 114 lbs  51.7 kg  in a grueling two-month training regime . In addition , his knees are damaged to the point he knows he will need surgery to replace them . "  You do n't realize how good it is until it 's gone , " he told CNN , explaining his decision to retire . "  Being retired allowed me to look back and actually enjoy some of the great things that had been accomplished in my first career . I was like ` wow . ' If you won a big race , you could never rest on your laurels as there was the next day , the next race . "  Then there were the injuries and always thinking and obsessing , ` When will I get back ? ' I realized how good it was and I asked myself , ` Can I do it again ? ' "  I did n't want to come back and tarnish what I 'd done in the past . I wanted to come back at a high level . " Sporting comebacks do n't generally tend to end well . Stevens , though , has provided a Hollywood epilogue befitting his secondary career on the silver screen . Last year , he won 69 races including the prestigious Preakness Stakes and the Breeders ' Cup Classic , and he is fast approaching 5,000 career victories on American soil alone . He notched up $ 100 million in winnings by the age of 30 , and he is now nearer the $ 225 million mark . There are parallels between Stevens and another giant of flat racing , Lester Piggott , who famously returned to the saddle aged 55 -- in his case after a year in prison for tax evasion . Much like Stevens , his success was almost immediate , the British rider capping his return by winning the Breeders ' Cup Mile within 10 days of his return . "  It 's funny , " says Stevens , "  but no-one 's actually asked me about the Lester link before . The way he rode that Breeders ' Cup , arguably one of the best rides of his career , making all the right moves at the right time . So my thought was , ` If he can do it and I 'm younger , then why not . ' The guy was a bit of an inspiration . " Luck has also played a part in Stevens ' return to the saddle . He had previously been enjoying an acting career in the Michael Mann-directed TV series "  Luck " alongside the likes of Dustin Hoffman and Nick Nolte , but it was cut short before the second season began due to concerns over animal safety . "  If that had n't been axed , I 'm not sure I 'd be doing this , " he says . "  I was all set to meet in makeup the next day at 4.30 a.m. when I got an email saying it might be scrapped . "  Via a couple of phone calls a few minutes later , sure enough , it was over . I was just lost , it was like losing a family member . In that first week , I made the decision to come back . " Stevens will forever be grateful for his acting career -- he describes it as one of "  two dream jobs I 've had " -- but it has also acted as Cupid for him , having met his wife Angie on the first day of filming "  Seabiscuit . " "  I turned up on the set and this lady appeared as a silhouette . She said , ` You look lost , ' and I was like , ' I need to find where I 'm supposed to be . ' I explained I was playing George Woolf and she showed me to my trailer . " He did not lay eyes on her for the next five months but , as the movie wrapped up , they met again , went for dinner and the rest is history . Such Hollywood-esque nuggets are littered throughout the life of the man from Caldwell , Idaho . There was the hip condition called Perthes syndrome that forced him to wear a metal brace for 19 months at the age of seven , his decision to drop out of high school in 1979 to become a jockey -- also the year he won his first race -- difficulties with alcohol in his career , and now the ongoing return to the sport of kings : all quite remarkable for a grandfather . But he argues he is currently at his happiest . "  It 's an unbelievable ride , better than the first time around , " he says . "  It 's been very gratifying as I do n't think people expected me to come back at the level I did . I did n't expect it . But I 'm very hard on myself and motivated so I made it happen . That was the thing missing in my life , I just did n't have anything to push myself . " How is the Stevens Mark II in his own mindset as a jockey ? "  I think I 'm better in the sense that my broadcast work has made me more analytical , " he adds . "  I really think watching racing for seven years has developed my skills . "  It 's been crazy , what a journey , hey ? If it ends tomorrow I 'd be a happy guy . My life is more than half over and it 's been a good life . " The Hollywood ending , it would seem , has already been sealed .	Stevens is relishing life in the saddle having returned to being a jockey past his 50th birthday Injury forced his original retirement and he 'd been enjoying an acting career But the lure of horse racing proved too much and he has returned in some style He argues his role as a broadcaster has enabled him to become a better jockey
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Donating to charity itself is a relatively new phenomenon in a society that traditionally values family units . President Lee Myung-Bak is criticized by opposition parties who say he supports policies that favor the rich . So the announcement that South Korean President Lee Myung-Bak will be donating $ 26 million , the bulk of his wealth , to charity , is considered highly unusual . The president 's office said the money will be used to set up a new youth scholarship program . "  My fortune , which I accumulated through hard work during my life , is very precious to me , " said Lee in a statement . "  I have long thought that it would be good if my wealth was spent for society in a valuable way . " Lee , who came to office last February , promised to donate his personal wealth to society in late 2007 when he was accused of amassing his fortune through illegal means . He was since been cleared of all charges . But he is now facing criticism from opposition parties who say he supports policies that favor the rich . Lee is a former CEO of Hyundai Construction and the Seoul mayor . But he emphasizes his impoverished beginnings , as a poor young man who had to earn his college tuition cleaning streets . "  Looking back , I realize that all of those who helped me were poor , " said Lee in the statement . "  I know that the best way for me to pay back such kindness is to give back to society what I earned . " Analysts say this move will hopefully encourage many others to follow .	President Lee Myung-Bak to donate $ 26 million , the bulk of his wealth , to charity President 's office says money will be used to set up youth scholarship program Lee promised to donate wealth in 2007 when accused of illegally amassing fortune He was since been cleared of all charges
CNN  -- The parents of a U.S. journalist missing in Syria are on their way to Beirut , Lebanon , where they hope to "  seek out people who can help facilitate his release , " the family said Sunday . Austin Tice , who was working as a freelancer for McClatchy and other news outlets , last contacted his family on August 13 while in Syria reporting on the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad 's government . He was preparing to leave Syria for neighboring Lebanon when he went missing , according to his family . "  It 's more to seek out people who can help facilitate his release , " a family spokesperson told CNN . "  His parents  will be giving a few interviews , but the focus is on making themselves available to those who can help . ` Help ' in the sense of intervening directly with his captors . " The U.S. State Department has said it believes Tice was detained by Syrian officials in August as he was preparing to leave the country . He had smuggled himself into the country to report on the uprising . In November , Marc Tice , Austin Tice 's father , told reporters that the Syrian government had told his family that it does n't know where their son is . In October , a shaky video surfaced on YouTube showing a man believed to be Tice surrounded by armed men walking him up a hill . State Department officials have questioned the veracity of the video , which purports to show Tice in the custody of rebels fighting the Syrian government . Tice 's parents told CNN last year they do not want to speculate about who is holding him ; they just want their son back home . Austin is the oldest of the couple 's seven children . Two French journalists missing in Syria	Spokesperson : "  The focus is on making themselves available to those who can help " Austin Tice last contacted his family on August 13 while in Syria The State Department has said it believes he was detained by Syrian officials The Syrian government has said it does n't know where the journalist is
RollingStone.com  -- Prince promised he 'd bring his "  Welcome 2 America " series of East Coast concerts on "  a Purple Day in December , " and now we know what that Purple Day will be : According to New York R&B station WBLS , Prince will kick off a three-night stand at East Rutherford , New Jersey 's IZOD Center on December 14th  with the other shows scheduled for the 15th and 17th  , then cross the Hudson River for a December 19th concert at New York 's Madison Square Garden . Prince will also play MSG on December 29th  the night before Phish takes over the venue for their New Year 's Eve stand  . Expect more dates to be announced . The Hottest Live Photos of the Week Live Nation , the "  Welcome 2 America " promoters , have yet to offer tickets ; WBLS writes that all five shows will go on sale October 30th . Guests Maceo Parker , Cassandra Wilson , Janelle Monae , Sheila E. , Mint Condition , Esperanza Spalding , Sinbad , the New Power Generation and more will join Prince at the shows , which the fan site Prince.org hypothesizes guesses will also include a string of after-concert concerts at Harlem 's Apollo Theatre , the site of Prince 's "  Welcome 2 America " announcement . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Prince is performing December 14th , 15th , and 17th at New Jersey 's IZOD Center Prince is also playing December 19th and 29th at New York 's Madison Square Garden Tickets for all five "  Welcome 2 America " concerts will go on sale October 30th
New York  CNN  -- Two New York men accused of brutally beating an openly gay man have been indicted on hate crime charges , authorities said . The indictment filed Thursday morning charges defendants Daniel Aleman , 26 , and Daniel Rodriguez , 21 , both of College Point in Queens , New York , of 14-counts of assault and robbery as a hate crime , according to Queens District Attorney Richard A. Brown . If convicted , both men face up to 25 years in prison . Police say the two men shouted "  anti-gay remarks " while viciously beating victim Jack Price , 49 , as he left a 24-hour deli on College Point Boulevard in Queens in October 2009 . After the assault , the two men stole Price 's wallet and other personal property from his pockets . Price was treated at New York Hospital Medical Center of Queens for a broken jaw , several broken ribs , two collapsed lungs and a lacerated spleen . Aleman and Rodriguez are being held without bail . Their arraignment is scheduled for January 25 . Ted Kasapis , attorney for Rodriguez , said he does n't believe prosecutors will be able to prove "  any hate crimes here . " An attorney for Aleman could not be reached for comment .	Daniel Aleman and Daniel Rodriguez face 14 counts of assault , robbery as a hate crime Men are accused of beating an openly gay man in Queens Police say men shouted "  anti-gay remarks " while viciously beating victim Defendant 's lawyer says he does n't think prosecutors can prove there was a hate crime
CNN  -- Record-breaking cold across the Midwest . Record-breaking heat in California . Makes you wonder what 's up with Ol' Man Winter . For example , West Coast heat made news all week -- for better or worse . California saw a record-setting winter heat wave , but on Friday , Gov. Jerry Brown delivered the bad news : He declared a drought emergency , after seeing little rain since 2012 . That announcement came two days after Monterey , California , reached 83 degrees Wednesday , smashing a record for the date by 8 degrees . At the other extreme , it was just last week that a polar vortex delivered some of the coldest temperatures in two decades to the Midwest and Northeast . Have Mother Nature and Ol' Man Winter gone Jekyl-and-Hyde on us ? As it turns out , there 's nothing sinister at work . It 's natural variability , meteorologists say . "  It happens every year , it just varies in intensity , " said Taylor Ward , a CNN weather producer . Last year in mid-January , many Americans were wondering why it was so warm compared to most years . But now it 's the opposite -- well , for much of the country . It depends on where you live in relation to the jet stream . The jet stream is a ribbon of wind that flows west to east high across the globe , typically at 110 mph , although its speed can often top 200 mph . Think of it as an aerial highway along which storms travel along . But the jet stream fluctuates north and south . It 's always wobbling . It drives our temperature variability daily . One day you might be below a ridge in the jet stream and its warmth , and days later , a trough or dip will send brrrrr-utality your way . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says climatologists in recent years observe a more wavy pattern to the jet stream , bringing outbreaks of colder weather to the areas of the Northern Hemisphere -- including the United States and Europe . "  Whether this is normal randomness or related to the significant climate changes occurring in the Arctic is not entirely clear , especially when considering individual events , " NOAA says on its climate.gov website . It 's something CNN Senior Meteorologist Brandon Miller talked about last week when asked to explain the polar vortex that was leading to the coldest temperatures in many states in decades . When asked if it was a side effect of global warming , his response was , it 's under review . "  This is a hotly researched topic . In short , yes , it could be , " he said . "  It seems counter-intuitive that global warming could cause significant cold snaps like this one , but some research shows that it could . "  We know that different types of extreme weather can result from the overall warming of the planet , melting of the Arctic Sea ice , etc. . This includes extreme distortions of the jet stream , which can cause heat waves in summer and cold snaps in winter , " he said . J. Marshall Shepherd , the president of the American Meteorological Society , says more study is needed on whether Arctic warming will have a big effect on northern climates . In nature , air north of the jet stream is cold , and to the south it is warmer . But the Arctic is getting warmer . "  We 're relaxing or loosening that difference in temperature and that changes the jet stream and loosens it some , " he told viewers of a White House video chat last week . "  I think this is an area we have to look  at  ... closely in the science . I think it is quite plausible . " He agreed it 's too early to say with certainty . But a study by Elizabeth Barnes of Colorado State University 's department of atmospheric science found no support for the increased temperatures in the Arctic leading to additional slow-moving weather patterns . She described the relationship between the Arctic and the weather to its south as "  complex . " In the study , published last August , she said there are likely influences from other parts of the world and internal variability . As scientists press ahead in their research , this month 's jet stream reached far down to the Gulf Coast , bringing such frigidity that Midwesterners resorted to outlandish experiments , such as tossing a cup of boiled water into the outdoor air and watching it turn to snow . Finally this week , a weather ridge in the West Coast pushed the jet stream back into Canada , to the relief of many Americans . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Scientists ca n't for certainty whether global warming is behind wacky weather A heat wave and a drought emergency befall California But the Midwest and Northeast see coldest temperatures in decades this month Have Mother Nature and Ol' Man Winter gone Jekyll-and-Hyde on us ?
CNN Student News  -- November 18 , 2014 CNN Student News is launching a series today on affording the cost of college . Our first report centers on an apprenticeship program that allows students to earn while they learn . We 're also looking into how political groups may have used Twitter to circumvent campaign finance rules , and we report on why several NFL teams were recently visited by U.S. government agents . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Marc Marquez continued his record breaking 2014 MotoGP season with a 10th straight win Sunday to match the feat of Australian Mick Doohan in 1997 . The reigning world champion has proved all-conquering on his Repsol Honda but was pushed all the way in Indianapolis by Yamaha pair Jorge Lorenzo and Valentino Rossi , who occupied the other podium positions . Rossi briefly led before slipping back to the third place , but the points saw him become the first man to top 4,000 in MotoGP . "  It was a good start though as I was able to lead . I tried to push to the limit to stay with Marc but he got past . I would have hoped to have a bit of a better battle with Lorenzo . But I am satisfied . " the Italian legend told the official MotoGP website . Marquez took the lead on lap 11 as he found his way past the Yamaha pair and eventually finished two seconds clear by the finish . His teammate Dani Pedrosa finished fourth as he came through from eighth . Pol Espargaro  Monster Yamaha Tech3  took a fine fifth with his British teammate Bradley Smith in sixth after a heavy crash in Saturday practice . Smith 's compatriot Cal Crutchlow  Ducati  was seventh with his teammate Andrea Dovizioso in eighth . But it was Marquez again who took the plaudits to continue his remarkable run and he is already looking to the next round in Brno in the Czech Republic . "  The race was very hard , especially as the track temperature was very high . I struggled a little with the front tyre so I stayed behind Rossi to try to keep the front tire cool , "  he said . He added , "  We will try to fight for the victory in Brno . The test we had went well but it was very slippery so we do n't have too much data . I have never gone great there and Jorge and Vale are very strong there . "	Marc Marquez wins MotoGP round at Indianapolis 10th straight win for Spaniard since start of season Valentino Rossi takes final spot on podium Rossi passes 4,000 point mark in MotoGP
CNN  -- After nearly 40 years of recorded increases , the number of immigrants living in the United States remained flat between 2007 and 2008 , recent statistics released by the U.S. Census Bureau show . The number of naturalized citizens in the U.S. increased , partly attributed to voter drives for the 2008 election . According to the Census Bureau 's American Community Survey , the U.S. foreign-born population represented about 12.5 percent of the population in 2008 , down from 12.6 percent in 2007 . Taking into account the margin of error , it was possible that the immigrant population remained even . "  Between '07 and '08 there really was n't that much of a change , " said Elizabeth Grieco , chief of immigration statistics staff at the Census Bureau . But given the steep upward trend in the foreign-born population since 1970 , no change is big news . The American Community Survey collects data from about 3 million addresses each year , and provides one of the most complete pictures of the population , according to the bureau . The survey does n't give a reason for the leveling off , but experts pointed to the economic downturn and the resulting high unemployment as factors behind the shift . "  The recession has had a significant effect on immigrants ' decisions on whether to come to the U.S. , " said Michelle Mittelstadt , director of communications at the nonpartisan Migration Policy Institute . Would-be unauthorized immigrants and legal temporary workers are mostly the ones who have decided to stay put in their home countries for now , Mittelstadt said . The largest declines in the foreign-born population were in states that were hardest hit by the recession , including California , Florida and Arizona . Mittelstadt noted , however , that those immigrants already in the United States appear to be staying . A recent study by the Pew Hispanic Center concluded that emigration from Mexico , the largest source of immigrants to the United States , slowed at least 40 percent between mid-decade and 2008 , based on national population surveys in the United States and Mexico , as well as Border Patrol apprehension figures . The Mexican-born population in the United States dropped by about 300,000 between 2007 and 2008 , according to census data . The new Census statistics show that for the first time since the American Community Survey was fully implemented in 2005 , the number of noncitizens decreased , Grieco said . There were about 21.6 million noncitizens in 2008 , down from 21.9 million in 2007 . The label noncitizens includes both legal residents and illegal immigrants . Along with the decline in the noncitizen population , however , there was a notable increase in the number of naturalized citizens , Grieco said . The number of individuals who are naturalized citizens increased to 43 percent of the foreign-born population in 2008 from 42.5 percent in 2007 . The Census survey matches reports from the Department of Homeland Security on the rise of naturalization applications . "  Naturalizations grew at a record pace between 2006 and 2008 , with a total of 2.4 million immigrants becoming new citizens in the United States , " according to a DHS statement . A significant fee increase imposed in 2007 for naturalization applications and an awareness of citizenship brought on during voter registration drives for the 2008 election help explain the increase , Mittelstadt said .	Bureau official : "  Between '07 and '08 there really was n't " much immigration change Notable increase in naturalized citizens , Census Bureau 's Elizabeth Grieco says Mexican-born population in U.S. dropped by about 300,000 between 2007 and 2008
CNN  -- Financial markets were in turmoil on Wednesday amid fears that more countries could be sucked into Greece 's mounting debt crisis . European indexes followed those in Asia into the red after Standard & Poor downgraded Greece 's debt rating to junk status and Portugal 's rating also dropped two notches . So what has prompted the crisis and what could happen next ? How did Greece get into this trouble ? Years of unrestrained spending , cheap lending and failure to implement financial reforms left Greece badly exposed when the global economic downturn struck . This revealed partly fiddled statistics that showed debt levels and deficits exceeded limits set by the European Central Bank . How big are these debts ? National debt , put at $ 300 billion  $ 394 billion  , is bigger than the country 's economy , with some estimates predicting it will reach 120 percent of gross domestic product in 2010 . The country 's deficit -- how much more it spends than it takes in -- is 12.7 percent . Greece crisis deepens on global market sell-off What does the credit rating downgrade mean ? The credit rating is an assessment of a country 's ability to repay its debts , and Tuesday 's downgrade to junk status , the lowest in the eurozone , means Greece is viewed as a financial black hole by foreign investors . Institutions such as pension funds can no longer buy Greek bonds and it leaves the country struggling to pay its bills as interest rates on existing debts rise . The Greek government of Prime Minister George Papandreou , which inherited much of the financial burden when it took office late last year , has already scrapped most of its pre-election promises and must implement harsh and unpopular spending cuts . And any bailout from the International Monetary Fund  IMF  is likely to mean more austerity measures must be introduced . How does this affect the rest of the world ? Greece is already in major breach of eurozone rules on deficit management and with S&P downgrading the country 's debt rating to junk status , this reflects badly on the credibility of the euro . With other countries such as Portugal , Spain , Italy and the Republic of Ireland all wobbling under massive debts this means a sizable chunk of the eurozone is under great strain . This could knock the whole eurozone into the red , affecting the whole world economy . And if Europe needs to resort to rescue packages involving bodies such as the IMF , this would further damage the euro 's reputation and could lead to a substantial fall against other key currencies , especially the U.S. dollar . And what does it mean for ordinary people ? If you own shares in banking groups that own Greek bonds , through your pension fund for instance , or in any euro-denominated company in fact , these are likely to have been hit hard . But if you 're traveling to Europe on vacation , it is likely your own currency will go further , especially if you have dollars . So what is Greece doing ? As already mentioned , the government has started slashing spending and has implemented austerity measures aimed at reducing the deficit by more than $ 10 billion  $ 13 billion  . It has hiked taxes on fuel , tobacco and alcohol , raised the retirement age by two years , imposed public sector pay cuts and applied tough new tax evasion regulations . How have these measures been received ? Badly . There have been warnings of resistance from various sectors of society and workers across the country have staged strikes closing airports , government offices , courts and schools . This industrial action is expected to continue . How are Greece 's European neighbors helping ? Led by Germany 's Chancellor Angela Merkel , all 16 countries , including the other ailing countries such as Ireland , which make up the eurozone have agreed a $ 50-billion bailout plan for their ailing neighbor . Last week , Greece announced it would finally tap this package . The package involves co-ordinated bilateral loans from countries inside the common currency area , as well as funds and technical assistance from the IMF . Any European-backed loan package requires the unanimous approval of eurozone members , meaning any country in the zone , would have veto power . Merkel 's government is under international pressure to put forward the money , but with state elections scheduled for the next few days , it is also facing great pressure at home to hold back . Will the IMF have to produce a bigger package and how soon ? There is much talk in the markets that the IMF would and should increase its portion of the Greek bailout and fast . Should the IMF come up with say another $ 15 billion would it be enough ? Some people want to see a knockout loan from the Eurozone and IMF closer to $ 100 billion to give Greece enough firing power to cool the speculation on a default . CNN 's Jim Boulden contributed to this report .	Financial markets in turmoil amid fears more countries could be sucked into Greek debt crisis Greece 's debt rating downgraded to junk status , Portugal 's rating also lowered two notches Greece 's national debt is now bigger than the country 's economy Country has implemented austere measures to try to curb debt
The Atlanta Braves have decided to leave the limits of their namesake city because they got "  a terrific deal , " Mayor Kasim Reed said -- one that was sweeter than he felt comfortable supporting for fear of hurting his municipal government long-term . "  We wanted the Braves to stay in Atlanta , but  there was a  business problem that we had to solve , " Reed said Tuesday . "  That choice was encumbering between $ 150 million and $ 250 million in debt and not having money to do anything else . " The mayor chose not to go that route , and partly as a result , the Major League Baseball franchise is heading about 12 miles north to Cobb County . This new multimillion-dollar stadium , which will be part of a larger retail and entertainment complex , is scheduled to open in 2017 to the northwest , where two major interstates -- Interstates 75 and 285 -- meet , the Braves announced Monday . Atlanta Mayor : Cost too high A day later , Reed admitted that he was taken aback by the news . While the team and city had been engaged in negotiations over the past 18 months -- and he 'd "  still felt that we could get a deal done " -- the mayor said his first indication that something had changed came after being contacted by a Braves official on November 6 , a day after his re-election . Reed said he learned about the baseball club 's new thinking , including a reported offer of $ 450 million of public financing from Cobb County , the next day . The city of Atlanta was n't asked to put up that much money , nor was it asked to build a new stadium , the mayor said . Still , the Braves did ask for extensive public investments in the publicly owned stadium and the surrounding area , money that Reed said he did n't feel the city could give now , given other needs and the desire to keep spending and debt in check . The mayor pointed specifically to a $ 922 million infrastructure backlog and desires to upgrade roads , expand public spaces and pursue other improvements across the city . "  If we made a different decision , " Reed said , "  every single dollar for everything else would have gone to fund and modernize the stadium . " Critics have pointed out that , in recent months , city money has been allocated for another stadium in downtown Atlanta : $ 200 million for a new home for the NFL 's Atlanta Falcons . Reed took pains to state that the two stadium deals "  candidly are not close . " The Falcons ' one uses revenue from the city 's hotel-motel tax but does n't tap the government 's general fund , as a Braves stadium deal might have done . Plus , the mayor added , "  I certainly was not going to try to finance two stadium deals at the exact same time . " The team 's contract with Turner Field , which was retrofitted for baseball after the 1996 Olympics , expires in 2016 . Club President John Schuerholz said in a video message that Turner Field needs "  hundreds of millions of dollars of upgrades . Unfortunately , that massive investment would not do anything to improve access or the fan experience . " He vowed that the new stadium site "  will be one of the most magnificent in all of baseball . It will thrive with action 365 days a year . " The surrounding area will be a "  mixed-use destination , " he said . As to what will then happen with the Braves ' current home , Reed says it will be demolished to make way for "  one of the largest developments for middle-class people that the city of Atlanta has ever had . " The mayor pointed out that it was n't like the Braves were leaving the region altogether , insisting that they are and will remain his favorite team . And he credited Cobb County officials with stepping up to make a strong offer . "  $ 450 million in public financing is a pretty good deal , " Reed said . "  We ca n't spend money that liberally in the city of Atlanta . We are fiscal conservatives here . " 8 short-lived sports venues	Turner Field will be demolished , area will be redeveloped , mayor says The Atlanta Braves vow to leave Turner Field in 2017 , moving to Cobb County County reportedly offers $ 450 million in public money to move the team 12 miles north Mayor : Keeping the franchise may have required $ 150 million to $ 250 million in city funds
CNN  -- 50 Cent 's 2003 breakout hit is one of Piers Morgan 's gym playlist staples . That 's right : In the health club , CNN 's Morgan listens to "  In Da Club . " "  No one is going to believe me when I say this , " said Morgan . "  But I work out to that song . Literally , it 's on my iPod . It 's the top of my gym collection . And it never fails to get me going . It 's one of the great workout songs ever . " Rapper 50 Cent , whose real name is Curtis Jackson , is a guest on Monday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " "  The problem with that kind of song , Piers , " he said , "  is you 've got to create something that 's equivalent to it . " 50 Cent , 36 , remarked that it 's lucky that the iconic dance hit -- which appeared on his debut album , "  Get Rich or Die Tryin ' " -- contains the lyric "  It 's your birthday , " because "  every day is someone 's birthday , so it 's relevant all over again . " He also referred to the tune as "  the old reliable . If I ca n't move the crowd , put it on . " Morgan asked 50 Cent to take him back to what motivates him as an artist , namely the circumstances surrounding his upbringing in South Jamaica , Queens , in New York . 50 Cent lost his mother at the age of 8 , never knew his father , and was raised by his grandmother . By the time he was 12 , he was dealing drugs on the street . "  Even when I was standing on the corner , I was standing there with an entrepreneurial spirit . I was just standing there because there were no opportunities or options for me in that early stage , " said 50 Cent . He admitted that there were a lot of "  negative influences " on him during that period . Back in 2000 , before his career skyrocketed , 50 Cent was shot nine times at point-blank range in his hometown . He credited that "  life-changing experience " with inspiring him to focus on his music full-time . He said he also wanted to make sure his 6-year-old son , who is now 15 , did n't take the same path . The shooting left 50 Cent with multiple injuries including a broken leg , cracked hip , and several shattered bones . He still has shrapnel in his tongue . "  I slur a little bit from time to time , " 50 Cent told Morgan . "  But this is the new voice , the voice that works . " He said he actually sings better with the shrapnel , and that his voice prior to being gunned down "  was only strong enough to make people aware of me in the 10-block radius that I grew up in musically . And this voice is the one the world has embraced . " 50 Cent said he has since resolved to avoid violent situations , and aims to serve as a positive influence to his peers , fans , and young entrepreneurs . He recently took on the Street King energy project , which provides a meal to a child in need every time a bottle of the energy drink is sold . The rapper helped put together the project in conjunction with the United Nations and Archbishop Desmond Tutu . 50 Cent explained that the business model is similar to TOMS Shoes , which provides shoes to children in need . "  It 's one for one , " explained 50 Cent . "  Every bottle of this energy drink that 's sold , a meal is being provided through the World Food Programme . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	50 Cent lost his mother at 8 ; never knew his father . By 12 , he was dealing drugs The rapper was shot nine times at point-blank range in 2000 He credits that "  life-changing " event with propelling him to focus on his music 50 Cent 's new charity feeds a meal to a child in need for every Street King energy drink sold
While boycott petitions against "  Duck Dynasty " home A&E take off , the network itself is staying quiet . Since its Wednesday decision to "  indefinitely " suspend Phil Robertson , one of the stars of its highly rated reality series , A&E has yet to publicly clarify what the future of the show might be , what they 'll do with their block of reruns , or even what it really means to be "  indefinitely " suspended . The network 's lack of communication has done nothing to stem the tide of detractors who strongly disagree with its decision to put Robertson on the bench over remarks quoted in GQ magazine , in which he called homosexuality a sin , citing the Bible . A Change.org petition demanding that Robertson be reinstated and the network issue an apology was steadily climbing toward 100,000 signatures Friday . A separate petition at a website called IStandWithPhil.com makes a similar appeal . Hosted by the online community Faith Driven Consumers , the website helps its members spend their money with companies that fall in line with their spiritual beliefs . The petition on IStandWithPhil.com had surpassed 130,000 signatures by Friday evening . Those who 've signed the IStandWithPhil.com petition are asking for their "  views  to  be treated with equality and respect in America 's rich rainbow of diversity , " and for the "  network to immediately reinstate Mr. Robertson to ` Duck Dynasty , ' and to formally apologize to him , his family , and the millions of viewers who tune in every week , stand by him , and share his worldview . " "  While the LGBT community may be offended by his opposing viewpoint , " that webstite continues , "  your rash , discriminatory , and unfair treatment toward Mr. Robertson -- a recognized symbol of the faith community -- is a slap in the face to Faith Driven Consumers and everyday Americans alike . " Both websites are urging people not to watch A&E programming in the meantime . So far , the number of petitioners does n't compare with the millions that "  Duck Dynasty " has drawn to A&E -- its fourth-season premiere in August set a record with 11.8 million watching , and the season finale in October brought in 8.4 million -- but those signatures would give any network exec flop sweat . Especially when the rest of the Robertson family has stoked the fire with a statement that suggests the future of the show might be in jeopardy . "  We have had a successful working relationship with A&E but , as a family , we can not imagine the show going forward without our patriarch at the helm , " the family said in a statement . "  We are in discussions with A&E to see what that means for the future of ` Duck Dynasty . ' " According to CNN Senior Media Correspondent Brian Stelter , conventional wisdom in the industry holds that this current disagreement between A&E and the family will resolve itself in time , in part because the two sides benefit so much from being in business with the other . A person with close ties to A&E noted that the Robertson family is under contract , thereby reducing the chances that the family will show up on another channel anytime soon . An A&E executive who spoke to Stelter on condition of anonymity , because the channel was avoiding any new public comments about the controversy , said that conversations with the Robertson family would likely resume after the Christmas holiday . "  Everybody just needs to take a breath , " the executive said . The A&E executive insisted that there has been no second-guessing at the channel about the decision to suspend Phil Robertson . All of which gives rise to the question : What would happen to A&E were "  Duck Dynasty " to go away ? This is , after all , the show that helped the network to raise its total viewership 10 % this year , according to The Hollywood Reporter . Stelter ca n't see the Robertsons or A&E wanting to end the televised hunting-business fun so soon , but if it were to happen , it would undoubtedly be a blow to the network , he said . "  There 's just nothing else on the channel that 's nearly as popular as new episodes of ` Duck Dynasty , ' " Stelter said . "  It would be like AMC losing new episodes of ` The Walking Dead ' or like Fox losing ` American Idol . ' That 's why it is very , very unlikely . The show is hugely important for the channel and for the family . Not just Phil , but the whole family , " which , Stelter notes , is n't affected by the suspension . Given that Robertson is "  a main character " on the fifth season , which is scheduled to premiere January 15 , Stelter believes the increased attention thanks to the uproar might even give "  Duck Dynasty " a ratings boost in 2014 . But if something were to happen to the show in the long run , then yes , A&E would certainly need to regroup . On the other hand , it 's not like the network has n't bounced back before -- and it 's never been a one-show network . Over the past 10 years alone , it 's transitioned from being the prime place to find a rerun of "  Biography " to the home of the Emmy-winning "  Intervention , " to the site of reality shows like "  Storage Wars " as well as original programming like "  Bates Motel . " In October , A&E unveiled a new branding strategy centered around the tagline "  Be Original . " The campaign , The Hollywood Reporter noted at the time , was scheduled to debut during -- what else ? -- a "  Duck Dynasty " special on December 11 . And yet , as industry trade Variety emphasizes , it is not unusual for a network to make a bold move in severing ties with a controversial figure , no matter how popular . MSNBC bid adieu to Alec Baldwin after the actor fired off another unprintable outburst at a photographer , and the Food Network declined to renew its contract with one of its most well-known personalities , Paula Deen , after she admitted to using the "  N " word in the past . A&E itself previously put another fan-favorite reality star , Duane "  Dog the Bounty Hunter " Chapman , on hiatus after he used a racial slur . With its response to the "  Duck Dynasty " situation , the network "  has been able to establish its progressive corporate values , maintain its relationship with advertisers , and not collapse an entire reality show in the process , " Variety TV reporter AJ Marechal observes . "  The bullet was n't entirely dodged , but it at least did n't hit a main artery . "	Two online petitions are encouraging people not to watch A&E The network still has n't publicly commented since Wednesday CNN 's senior media correspondent does n't see "  Duck Dynasty " going away But , if it did , it would n't be the first time a network made a similar move
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova made a successful return to the WTA Tour on Monday -- and her boyfriend Grigor Dimitrov also won his opening match of the new season at the same Brisbane International tournament . Sharapova , on her first appearance at the Australian Open warmup event , brushed aside France 's Caroline Garcia 6-3 6-0 in 63 minutes as she showed no signs of her recent shoulder problems . It was the Russian 's first WTA outing since losing in the first round in Cincinnati in August -- after which she parted with coach Jimmy Connors after just one match together . The world No. 4 is now working with Sven Groeneveld , former mentor of Monica Seles and Mary Pierce , as she seeks to add to her 2008 Australian Open success this month . "  I think I was just really determined to get back on the court , " Sharapova told reporters . "  It 's been a while . I think the whole team was really ready to go out . "  I knew I was going to play Monday night a little bit ago already . I got goosebumps when I heard because I was looking forward to today even a week ago . "  It 's those days you work for . It was a big step to come and a big step to play out there tonight . " The 26-year-old , who pulled out of last year 's Brisbane event with shoulder problems , will next face Australian teenager Ashleigh Barty . "  She is another future star and someone that I 've seen grow up from the juniors and now onto the tour , " Sharapova said of the 190th-ranked 17-year-old , who beat veteran Slovakian Daniela Hantuchova . Barty 's compatriot Casey Dellacqua will also be up against a big name in round two , having set up a clash with world No. 2 Victoria Azarenka by beating 67th-ranked Russian Galina Voskoboeva in three sets . Fourth seed Jelena Jankovic battled past former French Open champion Francesca Schiavone 6-2 7-6  8-6  , while German No. 5 Angelique Kerber , Spanish No. 8 Carla Suarez Navarro and Slovakian No. 9 Dominika Cibulkova also progressed . Dimitrov also changed coach late last season to Roger Rasheed , who has worked with Lleyton Hewitt and Gael Monfils , and they continued their strong start together as the 22-year-old beat Dutchman Robin Haase 6-2 6-3 . The Bulgarian , runner-up in Brisbane last season and who won his first ATP Tour title in Stockholm in October , will next play former world No. 9 Marin Cilic . Top seed Roger Federer 's first opponent in Brisbane will be Finnish veteran Jarkko Nieminen , who beat 21-year-old Australian wildcard James Duckworth . Meanwhile , Tomas Berdych 's Australian Open preparations were hit Monday when the world No. 7 lost to big-serving Croation Ivo Karlovic in the opening round of the Qatar Open . Karlovic fired 24 aces against the Czech in a 7-6  9-7  7-6  7-4  victory in Doha , while two-time runner-up Monfils of France and Poland 's Lukasz Kubot also progressed .	World No. 4 Maria Sharapova wins her first WTA Tour match in almost five months Russian returns to action in Brisbane Monday following absence due to injury The four-time grand slam winner wins first-round match in just over an hour Grigor Dimitrov , last year 's Brisbane men 's runner-up , wins his opening match
CNN  -- He 's the face of motion-capture performance . Whether it 's as the nefarious and rather grotesque "  Gollum , " Tintin 's beloved best friend and sidekick , the grouchy "  Captain Haddock , " or more recently the intellectually enhanced chimp ringleader "  Caesar " from the "  Planet of the Apes " franchise , Andy Serkis is synonymous with the groundbreaking movie technique . Over the years countless fans and fellow actors -- including Serkis ' "  Rise of the Planet of the Apes " co-star James Franco -- have called for the motion-capture pioneer to receive an Oscar for bringing his characters to life . So far to no avail . Online devotees argue that Serkis ' Oscar "  snubs " come from the fact that the Academy Awards judges are wary of motion-capture performances . Whether or not that is true , not many truly understand how the British actor and other "  mo-cap " performers achieve such sincerely emotional portrayals of computer-generated protagonists . "  I think our ability to have actors now on stage playing other creatures or on location on set has been fantastic both for the creatures they 're portraying and , you know , perhaps the human characters they 're playing off in the scene , " explains Dan Barret , animation supervisor at Weta Digital , the New Zealand-based digital effects firm that worked on "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes , " "  Tintin , " "  The Hobbit " and many other blockbusters . "  It 's improved performances and opened up a whole lot of opportunities as far as how much work we can get through , how much motion we can get , " says Barret . "  Generating all of this stuff with key frames can take a long time . It 's been a huge revolution . " The motion-capture process begins with actors dressed in slimline , tight-fitting body suits adorned with over 50 strategically placed tracking markers , which allow computers to detect where various body parts are while following the precise movement of the performer . Unlike traditional animated CGI , motion-capture technology is not a frame-by-frame process . It requires actors to perform in the distinctive body suits to provide a fluid model for animators to tweak and transform digitally . While "  mo cap " performances offer a new level of authenticity , actors still need to use all their skills and training to enhance and make their performances more believable for cinemagoers . And skilled motion-capture performances were key to creating realistic movement in "  Dawn of Planet of the Apes , " says Barret . "  Apes have a similar physique to humans and a similar weight . It certainly makes that motion a lot more believable . It 's not that we could n't do it ourselves as key-frame animators . It 's just that kid of work takes a long time . " He adds : "  Motion capture  gives us a believable motion a lot quicker and gives us time to concentrate on what we consider more important things , like maybe facial performances and things like that . " Watch the full package to learn more about motion capture filmmaking .	Motion capture techniques have opened up a whole new world for filmmakers Weta Digital is a digital effects company that brings computer-generated characters to life CNN gets a look at the technology behind "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes "
CNN  -- The three soldiers killed Wednesday at Fort Hood , Texas , came from different places . Two grew up in small towns , and one came from a seaside city in Puerto Rico . They all died in a shooting rampage that also left 16 others wounded . Sgt. 1st Class Danny Ferguson Ferguson was killed trying to hold a door shut to stop the shooter , his fiancÃ © e , Kristen Haley , told CNN affiliate WTSP-TV in Tampa , Florida . "  He held that door shut because it would n't lock . It seems the doors would be bullet proof , but apparently they 're not , " Haley told the station . "  If he was n't the one standing there holding those doors closed , that shooter would have been able to get through and shoot everyone else . " Haley , also a soldier , said Ferguson was a native of Mulberry , Florida , and an outstanding athlete at Mulberry High , where he graduated in 1993 . The small town is about 30 miles east of Tampa . He 'd just returned from Afghanistan , she said . "  This was his life . He was proud to be part of a great service , " Haley told WTSP . CNN also spoke to Ferguson 's parents in the Tampa Bay area . They declined to comment . Staff Sgt. Carlos A. Lazaney-Rodriguez Lazaney-Rodriguez , 38 , was from Aguadilla , Puerto Rico , and planned to retire from the military soon after serving 20 years , Aguadilla Mayor Carlos Mendez told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Mayra Cuevas . "  It was a very close-knit family , " Mendez said "  Excellent , decent , very good people . I know his family and his parents . They are good people . " Lazaney-Rodriguez graduated from high school in Aguadilla and enlisted at 18 , Cuevas reported . He had a wife and family . Aguadilla , a town of about 60,000 people , is on the northwest corner of Puerto Rico . His immediate family , including his father and three brothers , lives in Tampa , Cuevas reported , and his aunt still lives in Aguadilla . "  His aunt was destroyed ; she almost could n't speak , " Mendez said . "  They were n't expecting this . It is a pity that seven months before that he was meant to leave the Army something like this happens . " Sgt. Timothy Owens Owens , 37 , was a counselor in the Army and had served in Iraq . "  Very terrible that they had to shoot my son , " his mother , Mary Muntean , told CNN affiliate WICS-TV in Springfield , Illinois . "  He was a good person . Why would they shoot a good person that was helping them ? " Owens grew up in Effingham , a town of about 12,000 people in central Illinois . He got married in August and had two teenagers from earlier relationships , WICS reported . Owens loved the military and planned to make it his career , his mother told the station . "  He did n't answer the phone so I left a message on his phone . ` Son , call me so I know if you 're OK or not . ' Well , never got no call from him . I thought : ` Oh God , please do n't let it be , ' " his mother said . The wounded Three patients previously listed in critical condition at Scott & White Memorial Hospital have been upgraded to fair condition , according to the hospital 's Twitter account . One other patient at the hospital is expected to be released Friday , the hospital said . Five others who were wounded had been released from Scott & White by Friday . One of the wounded was identified as Maj. Patrick Miller of Allegany , New York , according to CNN affiliate WGRZ-TV in Buffalo . Friends said Miller , 32 , is expected to make a full recovery after the gunman shot him in the abdomen . Miller 's hometown buddies organized a prayer service at the Allegany Baptist Church on Thursday night , WGRZ reported . "  He 's like a brother , " his friend Dustin Bottone said . "  We 're just trying to get the community together , to be there for Pat to let him know that even though we 're far away , we 're thinking about him . "	Sgt. 1st Class Danny Ferguson came from Mulberry , Florida Staff Sgt. Carlos A. Lazaney-Rodriguez was from Aguadilla , Puerto Rico Sgt. Timothy Owens grew up in Effingham , Illinois Sixteen others wounded in the shooting rampage
CNN  -- Today , President Obama and Russian President Dmitri Medvedev signed a treaty fixing a ceiling for each country of 1,550 nuclear warheads and 700 deployed nuclear delivery vehicles . The new limits are about a third lower than the previous ones negotiated by George W. Bush in the 2002 Moscow Treaty of 2,200 per side . Some are impressed . Now that the new treaty is signed , it will be against the law for a president to deploy 1,600 warheads -- unless he first withdraws from the treaty . But a new "  counting rule " undercuts the significance of Obama and Medvedev 's achievement . Each bomber counts as only one warhead , even though each might be able to carry as many as 20 warheads . America 's premiere independent expert on the American nuclear arsenal , Hans Kristensen , of the Federation of Atomic Scientists , said "  The paradox is that with the "  fake " bomber counting rule , the United States and Russia could , if they chose , deploy more strategic warheads under the New START Treaty by 2017 than would have been allowed by the Moscow Treaty by 2012 . " On the other hand , almost all arms-control advocates acclaim the new inspection procedures , which lay a strong foundation for future treaties . The Moscow Treaty , by contrast , virtually did away with inspections . It seemed designed to cancel hopes for any future for arms control . Debates about the size of the cuts are certainly worth having . But they distract from a glaring reality contained in the treaty that is more important and in many ways more surprising . The treaty does cut a few hundred warheads , but at the same time it sanctions and , so to speak , blesses , many more -- namely the 1,550 that are permitted . This hard fact points to a startling truth : Every decade or so , Washington and Moscow sit down and jointly decide that they would like to go on holding one another hostage to mutual annihilation by nuclear arms . They ratify the balance of nuclear terror born in the Cold War . Why ? During the Cold War , no one had to ask . The two superpowers were involved in a global confrontation . But once the Cold War and the USSR ended , the arrangement became downright weird . Was there something in the wary U.S.-Russia friendship of the 1990s or the mild rivalry of the new century that warranted threats of mutual annihilation ? The question is almost never asked . Certainly , it has never been adequately answered . Does anyone in the United States want to be in the cross hairs of thousands of Russian nuclear weapons ? Do we want to thus target Russians ? Who would answer "  yes " to either question ? The geopolitical revolution of 1989-1991 had no visible effect on the strategic precincts where the number of deaths in a nuclear war are reckoned . The two arsenals , and the arms control agreements that went with them , sailed on into the new era disconnected from political goals or realities . War , some say , is politics conducted by other means . But what is this ? True , each time the negotiating teams have met , the cuts have been substantial . At the height of the Cold War , the two countries jointly possessed some 70,000 warheads . Now we 're down to some 20,000 .  The difference from the 1,550 figure for each side is accounted for by warheads held in storage  . Two cheers for that ! But the Cold War figures were so high that the United States and Russia could cut warheads by the hundred or by the thousand for decades and still be capable of wiping each other out many times over . Consider the 1,550 , for example . One hundred warheads used against the hundred largest cities of either country would spell the effectual end of that country . That means that the current figure leaves a factor of overkill of at least 15 -- and more if the thousands of stored warheads are counted . The cut of a few hundred warheads is a success . But the survival , 20 years after the end of the Cold War , of the 1,550 that each country still points at the other is a gross failure that outweighs it by far . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Schell	Jonathan Schell says U.S.-Russia treaty lowers ceiling for each country 's nuclear arsenals But "  counting rule " undercuts new limits , theoretically allows more weapons , he says Cuts are welcome , he says , but why continue balance of terror long after Cold War 's end ? Schell : Existence of thousands of nukes is failure that outweighs treaty 's acheivement
CNN  -- The Hawaiian Volcano Observatory has issued a warning for a Big Island beach community threatened to be cut off by lava flow from Kilauea Volcano . Lava from a vent that opened on June 27 has come within a mile of the edge of the Ka'ohe Homesteads subdivision in the District of Puna , northeast of the volcano , Hawaii County Mayor Billy Kenoi said . Kenoi signed an emergency proclamation Thursday and asked Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie for emergency assistance . "  We are taking this step to ensure our residents have time to prepare their families , their pets , and their livestock for a safe and orderly evacuation from Ka'ohe in the event the flow continues to advance , " Kenoi said in a news release . Highway 130 separates the district of Puna from the rest of the county . The U.S. Geological Survey predicted the lava could cross the highway in the next week . "  We project that lava could reach the Kaohe Homesteads boundary within 5 to 7 days , " the USGS said Thursday . Since July 10 , the lava has advanced at an average rate of 820 feet per day , but as fast as 1,600 feet per day , the agency said . "  When this occurs , communities south of the crossing will be isolated from the rest of the county , " Kenoi said . The Icelandic town frozen in time by a volcano Evacuations had not been ordered as of Friday morning , but Hawaii County 's civil defense restricted access to roads to the Ka'ohe community , civil defense administrator Darryl Oliveira said . "  Only residents will be allowed on the subdivision roads starting today , and we ask that nonresidents stay away from the area , " Oliveira said . "  The lava can not be seen from the subdivision , and there is no reason for nonresidents to be in the Ka'ohe subdivision at this time . " Volcano erupts in Papua New Guinea More than 8,211 people live in the threatened area , according to a 2010 census . Kilauea Volcano has been active since 1983 , with 61 USGS-recorded eruptions . "  Kilauea ranks among the world 's most active volcanoes and may even top the list , " the agency said . In 1983 , lava from Kilauea destroyed 16 homes in the Royal Gardens subdivision , a community built on a slope downhill from the volcano . Today , only 35 % of the abandoned development can be seen . Lava overran the rest of the community . Pilot diverts plane to give passengers better view of volcano	Lava from a vent has come within a mile of the edge of the Ka'ohe Homesteads subdivision Hawaii County Mayor Billy Kenoi declares an emergency , asks Gov. Neil Abercrombie for help U.S. Geological Survey says the lava could reach a subdivision boundary in less than a week No evacuations have been ordered , but access to roadways to the community is restricted
CNN  -- If you 've been in the hospital or had a family member or friend there , you know how lonely and scary it can be . Once visiting hours are over , the levity and the hugs stop . But , if it were up to Taylor Crabtree , the hugs would last all night . Taylor Crabtree hopes to send 30,000 teddy bears to children in hospitals across the U.S. by September . When Taylor was 7 years old she started TayBear . Like many little girls , Taylor and her friends made hairclips to sell for extra money . But instead of spending it on herself , she used that extra money to buy teddy bears for kids hospitalized with cancer and chronic blood diseases . Taylor knew little about starting a business , but understood the heartbreak of cancer from her grandmother 's battle with the disease . "  I thought , if it 's that hard for my grandmother to go through , it must be so much harder for little kids , " she said . Taylor 's goal was to buy 50 bears for her local hospital . But , she could n't resist the letters from kids  and kids at heart  asking her for more bears to hug at night . Now 17 , Taylor has donated nearly 21,000 teddy bears to Hematology/Oncology departments across the country . Watch Taylor 's CNN.com Live interview " "  I 've always loved teddy bears , " Taylor said . "  I thought teddy bears would be the best things to use to help children with cancer be comforted and get through some of the hard times they 're going through . " E-mail to a friend	Since she was 7 , Taylor Crabtree has given teddy bears to children in hospitals Check out the YPWR blog to meet Zachary Peskin , founder of SpPho iReport.com : Do you know someone who rocks ? Let us know
Rome  CNN  -- Lawyers for former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi have asked if he can serve his one-year sentence for tax fraud as community service , Milan 's chief prosecutor said Friday . A judge will rule on the request , received from Berlusconi 's lawyers Friday morning , in the coming days , Chief Prosecutor Edmondo Bruti Liberati said . No details have yet been revealed as to what kind of community service it might be , when it might start or where it would be served , whether in Rome or Milan . Amanpour : Berlusconi turns Italy into a political Circus Maximus In recent days , Italian media have speculated that Berlusconi might look to carry out a community service order at a church or a refugee center in Rome , both near his residence in the capital . Italy 's highest court in August upheld a four-year sentence handed down to Berlusconi by a lower court for tax fraud , of which he will serve only one year because of an amnesty aimed at cutting down on prison overcrowding . He is not expected to serve a prison term because of his age , leaving a choice between house arrest and community service . Berlusconi , 77 , who served on and off as prime minister between 1994 and 2011 , has for decades been one of the most colorful and controversial figures in the lively history of Italian politics . Besides the tax fraud case , he is appealing a prison sentence handed down in June for abuse of power and having sex with an underage prostitute . He has insisted the prosecutions against him are politically motivated . Last week , he was forced into a political climbdown when members of his center-right People of Freedom Party signaled they would defy his orders and back a coalition government in a crucial confidence vote . As it became clear that his bid to topple the government was doomed to fail , Berlusconi announced in the Senate that his party would support the confidence motion after all . CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Prosecutor : Silvio Berlusconi has asked to serve his tax fraud sentence as community service A judge will rule on the community service request in the coming days , prosecutor says Italy 's highest court upheld Berlusconi 's conviction and sentence for tax fraud in August
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour gives a rare glimpse of the secret society in the "  Notes from Korea " airing Saturday and Sunday , 8 and 11 p.m. ET . Pyongyang subway stations feature giant murals , intricate chandeliers and can also serve as bomb shelters . PYONGYANG , North Korea  CNN  -- For most journalists , traveling into North Korea is like the holy grail of assignments . Not because it 's a particularly glamorous destination with beautiful beaches , delicious food or artistic masterpieces , but because it is so mysterious -- literally and figuratively closed off to the real world . It is so isolated , it 's called the "  hermit kingdom . " As with many countries , you have to get a visa to enter as a journalist , but North Korea seldom grants them . I had one nine years ago , but at the last minute , I was redirected by breaking news and could n't use it . I was really torn , because on the one hand I had to cover the Rambouillet talks that preceded the 1999 Kosovo War , but on the other hand I so wanted that rare glimpse of the Secret State . So when CNN asked me to cover the historic trip of the New York Philharmonic to Pyongyang at the end of February , I jumped at the chance . After months of negotiations , the North Korean government agreed to the orchestra 's demands for playing Pyongyang , which happily for us included bringing in a large contingent of journalists . I was under no illusion that we journalists would have free run of the place -- far from it . However , any access is better than none , and any time is better than never , even in the dead of freezing North Korean winter . Behind-the-Scenes photos from inside North Korea " As it turned out , the concert would be happening precisely at the time the U.S. administration was trying to finally denuclearize North Korea . The two countries are still technically in a state of war , because the end of the Korean War came with an armistice , not a full peace treaty . I wanted to meet the people , see the city and learn what it 's like to live in a country where you have no Internet , no freedom of travel and no freedom of expression . North Koreans are essentially cut off from the rest of the world . The country is a police state , requiring fierce patriotism and loyalty to the leader , the notoriously reclusive leader Kim Jong Il . He took over for his father , Kim Il Sung , when he died in 1994 . You start getting a flavor of the cult of personality even as you fly into Pyongyang from Beijing , China , aboard Air Koryo . The plane is a relic built by the Soviet Union in the 1970s and the music onboard is patriotic . We are informed over the speaker about our glass of water , "  This drink is associated with the kind heart of the Great Leader Kim Jong Il . " There 's an English-language version of the Pyongyang Times , headlined "  DPRK -LSB- Democratic People 's Republic of Korea -RSB- shines under the leadership of brilliant commander . " As we fly over various landmarks , we get a history lesson , as in , "  Now our plane is crossing the Anok River , the border between China and the DPRK where our Great Leader crossed 80 years ago . " Upon touchdown , I am greeted by my minders . Minders are English-speaking North Korean Foreign Ministry officials tasked with making sure we film what is sanctioned . They greeted me warmly and said nice things about knowing my reports from CNN  which government officials do have access to  . "  Oh , I guess there 's no sneaking around for me , " I laughed . They did n't . The government decides where even their own citizens can travel ; papers are required and strict guidelines must be followed . Most music forbidden in North Korea " Our minders fit us with an armband : "  Reporter " it says , implying "  beware . " But we do get to wander around a bit . Into the show-stopping Pyongyang underground Metro , fitted with chandeliers and covered with pastel murals . Two girls waiting for their subway train were reading the American classic "  Gone with the Wind . " I was thrilled by this little bit of cultural appreciation , until I remembered the story is actually about that shameful period of slavery . And sure enough , the girls , meeting Americans for the first time , quickly stop smiling when I ask if they 're enjoying the encounter . "  Americans are our enemy , " they said . "  If they were to abandon their hostile positions on our country I 'd be more welcoming . " It 's in fact an eerily similar theme we hear from everyone we stop and talk to . The people want to be friendly and hospitable but they have been taught that their misery , the Korean War , the division of the Korean Peninsula and their families , is all the fault of the United States of America . And today , U.S.-imposed sanctions and being placed on America 's list of states that sponsor terrorism are considered hostile acts by North Koreans . They do not seem to understand that the United States and nations in their own region feel threatened by North Korea 's nuclear program , which has in the past produced enough plutonium to build several nuclear weapons . So , into this Cold War era standoff steps for the very first time a distinguished group of American musicians , bringing the people of North Korea the most beautiful message of friendship . Their government has decided it wants this particular American message now and so it has pulled out all the stops . The orchestra asked for people around the country , not just the invited guests , to be able to listen , too . So , the government agreed to unprecedented live TV and radio broadcasts of the concert . They built the sound stage to the philharmonic 's specifications and agreed to its playlist . This energy-starved nation rolled out the red carpet for their American guests by switching on the streetlights and lighting monuments along the route from the concert hall to the hotel where the orchestra was staying . At the hotel , they blasted the heat to stave off the frigid Pyongyang winter and put on banquets fit for several kings , despite the country 's acute food shortage . This is the story of human warmth across a political divide , frozen in time and made bitter by history . As current U.S. nuclear negotiator Ambassador Christopher Hill told me , "  The North Koreans do n't like our words , let 's see if they like our music . " Former U.S. Secretary of Defense William Perry , also a former negotiator with North Korea , told me this was a magic moment , with different peoples speaking the same language of music . He said it could push the negotiations over the top . He meant that the framework of an eventual nuclear agreement between the United States and North Korea is established , but that mutual distrust and fear can only be overcome by people-to-people diplomacy . After the concert , I was called to the foreign ministry in Pyongyang for an exclusive meeting with North Korea 's nuclear negotiator , Ambassador Kim Kye Gwan . He was as effusive as Perry had been . As for the Philharmonic playing the U.S. and North Korean national anthems at the outset , he said allowing that was an act of "  political courage " by both countries . As I left Pyongyang , I thought hard about the phenomenon known as "  ping-pong diplomacy . " This was when a sports match ushered in full diplomatic ties between the United States and Communist China in 1972 . Today "  Nixon goes to China " is a political truism that basically means "  anything is possible " between nations . The New York Philharmonic treated its North Korean audience to a George Gershwin Classic , "  An American in Paris . " Would there one day be "  Americans in Pyongyang , " as conductor Lorin Mazel suggested from the stage ?	North Korea assignment is "  holy grail " because country is closed off to real world Amanpour covered the New York Philharmonic 's historic concert in Pyongyang North Koreans have no Internet , no freedom of travel or freedom of expression Official : Philharmonic playing both national anthems was act of "  political courage "
CNN  UNICEF said Friday that an initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies , meant to help 80,000 innocents caught up in the havoc of Yemen , had at last landed in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa . The conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families , UNICEF said in a statement . "  The humanitarian situation is worsening all the time , with increasingly limited access to water , basic sanitation and critical health services , " the statement quoted UNICEF Yemen representative Julien Harneis , speaking from Amman , Jordan , as saying . "  The supplies we have managed to bring in today can make the difference between life and death for children and their families -- but we know they are not enough , and we are planning more of these airlifts . " Aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed , but getting them into the country in the midst of regional turmoil was difficult . UNICEF said its cargo included antibiotics , bandages , syringes , IV sets and other medical supplies . Included as well , the agency said , were micronutrients for up to 20,000 children and water storage materials airlifted through Djibouti from UNICEF 's supply center in Denmark . Also Friday , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said that about 900 refugees from Yemen have arrived in the Horn of Africa . Many more are reportedly trying to make the trip but are hampered by fuel shortages and high fees by boat operators . "  UNHCR is extremely concerned about the dangers for anyone trying to flee across the Red Sea and Gulf of Aden , where there are no search and rescue operations , " the agency said in a statement . "  Last year , 246 lives were reported lost in sea crossings to Yemen . UNHCR appeals to all ships in the area to be extra vigilant and assist any boats in distress . We also ask that countries with vessels in waters near Yemen -- including surveillance and anti-piracy vessels -- instruct their ships to help with rescues . " It said that , as demand increases , the boats attempting the dangerous crossing are likely to become more crowded -- a crossing that has historically been made in the other direction , by people fleeing Africa in favor of Yemen Many Yemenis are attempting the trip in rickety fishing boats . One family told CNN the crossing was "  a window into hell . " And underscoring the increasing toll being exacted by the conflict in Yemen , the World Health Organization said Friday that at least 643 people have been killed in the country since the fighting escalated three weeks ago . But it acknowledged that the number was almost certainly an underestimate . "  As of 6 April 2015 there have been a total of 643 deaths and 2,226 injuries , " the WHO , the health arm of the United Nations , said in a statement . "  Casualty estimates are likely to change in the coming days as additional cases are verified and reported . " The figures cover the period from March 19 to April 6 . They include , however , only deaths and injuries verified by a health facility . Other deaths and injuries have undoubtedly occurred . Security in the country , which is on the Arabian Peninsula , deteriorated sharply last month when Houthi rebels advanced on Sanaa and the port city of Aden , forcing President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi to flee the country . Since then , Saudi Arabia has launched airstrikes meant to halt the advance of the Houthis . In at least one case , according to Houthi sources , one of those strikes hit a school .	U.N. agency says 900 refugees from Yemen have arrived in Horn of Africa , asks ships in area to be vigilant WHO : At least 643 people have been killed , more than 2,000 injured in three weeks UNICEF : Aid includes medical supplies for up to 80,000 people and more airlifts are planned
CNN  -- Jorge Lorenzo moved closer to the MotoGP world championship on Sunday with a decisive win at the San Marino Grand Prix . The Yamaha Factory Racing rider is now 38 points clear at the top of the riders ' standings with just five races remaining , after his nearest rival Dani Pedrosa crashed out on the first lap . It was an emotional weekend at the track which is now named after Marco Simoncelli , the Italian who lost his life following a crash in Malaysia in October 2011 . Simoncelli 's compatriot and close friend Valentino Rossi produced his best ride of the season to finish behind 2010 champion Lorenzo in second place . "  This second place is something special , " seven-time riders ' champion Rossi told BBC Sport after the 13th race of 2012 . "  I have a lot of fans in Misano , my hometown is only a few minutes away , but more importantly this is in the name of Marco . "  This result is for him and for his family . I think Marco helped me to achieve this today . " It was a miserable race for Repsol Honda 's Pedrosa , who had qualified for the grand prix in pole position . The first race start had been abandoned , due to Karel Abraham stalling his Ducati , before Pedrosa was forced to start from the back of the grid after experiencing a problem with his front tire . When the race eventually got underway , a nightmare Sunday for Spain 's Pedrosa was completed when he was forced off the track and out of the race by Hector Barbera of the Pramac Racing Team . The 14th round of the 2012 championship will take place at Motorland Aragon in Spain on September 30 .	Jorge Lorenzo wins the MotoGP San Marino Grand Prix The Spaniard leads the world championship by 38 points with five races remaining Lorenzo 's championship rival Dani Pedrosa crashes out on the first lap of the race Valentino Rossi finishes second at the track named after his late friend Marco Simoncelli
STRASBOURG , France  CNN  -- President Obama hailed the NATO summit in Europe on Saturday , calling the meeting "  very productive " and praising the alliance 's commitment to the fight in Afghanistan . President Obama , speaking Saturday at the end of the NATO summit , said it was successful . "  Today I 'm confident that we took a substantial step forward to renewing our alliance to meet the challenges of our time , " said Obama . Speaking to reporters as demonstrators protested against more involvement in Afghanistan , Obama said he was "  pleased NATO allies pledged their strong and unanimous support " for America 's new strategy in Afghanistan -- which calls for more troops , trainers and civilian workers . He said America 's NATO allies and partners have agreed to supply more combat troops to help shore up security during Afghan elections later this year . More trainers have also been pledged for the police and army , and an expansion of a trust fund to help sustain Afghan security forces is in the works . Obama talked about achieving an increase in non-military assistance , such as doctors , engineers , educators and agricultural specialists . America 's NATO allies are pledging 5,000 more troops : 3,000 for the upcoming Afghan election security , 1,400 to 2,000 troops embedded with Afghan soldiers , and 400 police trainers . This is apart from the 17,000 more combat troops and 4,000 trainers Obama recently committed . Watch how Obama is engaging allies " "  These commitments have troops , trainers and civilians represent a strong down payment on the future of our mission in Afghanistan and on the future of NATO . " Obama had been pushing for more NATO troops in Afghanistan , and he was asked whether he thought he got enough combat troops . "  This was not a pledging conference , and yet , we already received the kinds of commitments that historically you do n't see at a conference like this , " he said . "  This was at a summit that was designed to discuss strategy as opposed to attract pledges , and I think it 's an indication of the fact that this alliance is committed to achieving the focused goals that we have set out in Afghanistan . " Watch NATO official talk about Afghanistan security " Along with the focus on the ground in Afghanistan , Obama said the United States and his allies want to help strengthen Pakistan 's ability to fight al Qaeda and "  deliver goods and services and a better life for its people . " Obama thanked French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel for hosting the conference . Watch Chancellor Merkel 's remarks on conference " "  I should add that not only were they gracious hosts , but the commitment that they made with respect to Afghanistan , indicate the seriousness of purpose with which they are approaching the NATO challenge and our mission in Afghanistan in particular , " Obama said . Also at the end of the summit , it was announced that Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen had been named the alliance 's new secretary-general . The decision was unanimous . Earlier in the day , the NATO leaders held symbolic ceremonies to mark France 's return as a full NATO member and to remember those who have died in NATO-led missions during the alliance 's 60-year history . The leaders gathered on a footbridge over the Rhine River separating France and Germany . Merkel and the other leaders walked to the middle from the German side of the bridge . There they met French President Sarkozy and all shook hands , symbolizing France 's re-entry in NATO 's military command more than four decades after it left . Eight jets from the Patrouille Acrobatique de France , an aerial display team , flew overhead trailing the NATO colors of blue and white . The group then walked onto the French side of the bridge for a solemn ceremony to honor the men and women in uniform who have died in NATO missions and operations over the years . Surrounded by the flags of all 28 NATO member states , a lone military bugler played a tune before the place fell silent in memory of the fallen . The NATO alliance has grown at the summit to include two new members , Albania and Croatia . Obama noted that both have contributed troops to the Afghan mission . Noting that Saturday marked NATO 's 60th birthday , Obama said , "  It 's a measure of our vitality that we are still welcoming new members . " Saturday morning 's ceremony over the Rhine was briefly delayed because Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was deep in conversation on his mobile phone . The other NATO leaders eventually went on without him , and he was absent for both ceremonies . Berlusconi rejoined them in time for a group photo after the moment of silence . After the conclusion of the summit Saturday , Obama plans to head to Prague , in the Czech Republic , the current president of the European Union . In Prague , Obama plans to make a speech on proliferation and ridding the world of nuclear weapons . As many as 30,000 people were expected to turn out for the speech , the first major foreign policy address of Obama 's presidency .	NEW : Obama says NATO meeting "  very productive " NEW : "  I 'm confident that we took a substantial step forward , " Obama says NATO allies contributing combat troops , trainers to Afghanistan Ceremony marks France 's return as a full NATO member
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton has started to re-enter the public spotlight , very possibly beginning a new stage of her career that may lead to the presidential election of 2016 . In recent appearances , Clinton seems energized and spirited . She has already begun to talk about issues like women 's rights and voting rights , causes that have animated her for decades . Gone is the constrained demeanor that turned off many potential supporters in previous years . The real Hillary Clinton seems to be emerging . Republicans are instantly attacking as might be expected . Former House speaker and presidential candidate Newt Gingrich , an arch nemesis of the Clintons in the 1990s , warned that she was promoting "  left-wing ideas " that would lead to her defeat . Those kinds of attacks wo n't have the same weight as they did eight years ago . The former first lady , senator , and secretary of state is in excellent position to run the kind of campaign that is true to her history , in large part because of the impact that President Obama has had in the past six years . Democrats are more confident about throwing their support behind a candidate who stands proudly for the key tenets of the liberal tradition : a belief that government can help solve social problems in the United States . Unlike her husband , who felt in the early 1990s that he had to emphasize his centrist , new Democratic credentials , President Obama has opened the doors for a Democrat to build their campaigns on the tradition of the New Deal and Great Society , rather than running away from that legacy . How did President Obama make this happen ? Most important , the president has been far more assertive in his willingness to use the federal government to address big domestic challenges than many Democrats who preceded him . The Affordable Care Act put into place a large series of regulations aimed at providing better and more accessible care for a health care system whose costs had spun out of control . The Dodd-Frank Act provided a regulatory framework to prevent the kind of risky behavior that led to the 2008 financial crash , and the economic stimulus provided government money to help get the economy moving again . Since his re-election in 2012 , an important mark for Democrats that these kinds of policies do n't result in inevitable defeat , Obama has also fought back against the austerity drives of the GOP , defending key government programs from the scalpel . After the Supreme Court weakened the Voting Rights Act , Obama vowed to protect the law and Attorney General Eric Holder announced that he would not allow states to violate rights . Though hesitant at first , President Obama has embraced the major social movement of our dayâ $ " gay rightsâ $ " taking a more progressive stand than any president before him . In short , President Obama has broken an important barrier for Clinton , or any other Democrat , by allowing members of his party to be proud of their ideals and challenging the notion that the only way for their party to win is to agree with the right . President Obama has also shifted the center of political debate by driving Republicans further to the right ever since the 2010 midterms . Tea party Republicans have placed immense pressure on the Republican leadership to take harder line stances on issues like the budget . Republicans moved so far to the right they have made liberal Democrats seem much more moderate . Liberal Democrats , who back in the 1990s could still be attacked as "  the far left " can appear more "  reasonable " to the mainstream when compared with conservative Republicans . The tea party has also opened the door to Clinton , as Obama discovered with Mitt Romney in 2012 , to build a campaign that argues the GOP is too extreme to govern . In a very different way , President Obama has created a huge opportunity for Hillary Clinton because of his failures . Despite his accomplishments , he has failed to make progress on a number of important issues that Clinton can embrace as central to her platform , setting her up to be a leader who can complete and move beyond what President Obama has started . The most important is the economic insecurity of the middle class . The sluggish economic recovery and historically high rates of inequality , which Obama himself laments but has not been able to reverse , give Clinton a potent theme to run on . Gingrich might call such rhetoric left wing , but for millions of Americans it will strike the exact right chord . Clinton , who demonstrated her skill on the international stage , also has a chance to address some of the disappointments with President Obama 's foreign policy . Many Democrats are watching the events in Egypt , deeply concerned that the unraveling of democracy will undermine the kinds of promises that Obama made about liberal internationalism and the ability of diplomacy to solve global problems without resort to war . Many Democrats are also unhappy with the ongoing revelations about how Obama continued with President Bush 's war on terror programs , making them even more robust with extensive NSA surveillance and drone attacks . Unlike most of the Democrats who are considering entering into the campaign , Clinton now has an extensive record of experience on foreign policy that will bolster her credentials as she talks about what she would do to correct these problems . If she tackles these issues effectively , she could energize support from liberals in her party who previously dismissed her as the candidate of the status quo . Even if President Obama 's approval ratings decline further , Clinton has an opportunity to win public support using the framework Obama put forward . Hillary Clinton now has an excellent chance to put together the kind of presidential campaign that was elusive in 2008 , one that could very well give the nation its first female president . In the coming months she will have to decide whether she wants to take this step or to instead focus on her work as a global leader outside government . But the opportunity for her is there and Obama , who once was engaged with her in some of the most bitter fights that Democrats have seen among their own in many years , has changed the terms of the debate in ways that will greatly benefit her . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer	Hillary Clinton speaking out more on liberal causes like voting rights Julian Zelizer says President Obama has made it safe for liberals to assert themselves Republicans have moved right , allowing Democrats ' liberal views to seem more moderate , he says Zelizer : If she runs , Clinton could be an outspoken voice for liberal policies
CNN  -- Three former Penn State University officials -- including ex-President Graham Spanier -- have been charged with conspiring to cover up years of sexual abuse against children by former football coach Jerry Sandusky . Spanier , along with former Athletic Director Tim Curley and ex-Vice President Gary Schultz , each face the same eight counts related to the Sandusky scandal , including perjury , conspiracy and endangering the welfare of children , Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly announced Thursday . Curley and Schultz are scheduled for a preliminary arraignment at Magisterial District Judge William C. Wenner 's office at 2 p.m. on Friday , and Spanier 's preliminary arraignment is slated for next Wednesday at 9:30 a.m. at the same judge 's office , according to a Pennsylvania courts spokesman Jim Koval . Each of the three men is expected to attend his arraignment , said Koval . This is the first time Spanier has been charged in the wake of the scandal , which started unfolding publicly a year ago . Curley and Schultz previously had been charged with perjury and failing to report suspected child abuse . The three men "  essentially turned a blind eye to serial predatory acts " by Sandusky , Kelly told a news conference in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania . Jerry Sandusky proclaims his innocence in jailhouse audio recording "  This was not a mistake by these men . It was not an oversight . It was not misjudgment on their part . This was a conspiracy of silence by top officials working to actively conceal the truth , with total disregard for the children who were Sandusky 's victims in this case , " she said . Spanier 's attorneys said "  there is no factual basis to support these charges " and accused Kelly of acting as a pawn for Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett , who they said "  has made no secret of his personal hostility toward Dr. Spanier . " "  These charges are the work of a vindictive and politically motivated governor working through an unelected attorney general , Linda Kelly , whom he appointed to do his bidding and who will be a lame duck five days from now , " according to a statement from the attorneys . They also accused Kelly and her staff of "  steadfastly " refusing to meet with Spanier or his legal representatives "  despite repeated attempts to do so . " Gov. Corbett 's spokesman Kevin Harley responded , "  Graham Spanier 's statement is the ranting of a man who has just been indicted for covering up for a convicted pedophile . His arrogance reveals a man who has just found out that he is not above the law after all . " As a result of the charges , Penn State said Spanier -- who was removed as president in November 2011 -- will be placed on immediate leave . He had continued to serve as a tenured professor , although he was on a sabbatical . Attorneys blast Freeh report as Spanier speaks out Penn State said it recently informed Curley that his fixed-term contract will not be renewed when it expires in June . Schultz had retired after he was initially charged last year . The university refused to comment on the charges "  out of respect for the legal process . " Curley 's attorney Caroline Roberto said prosecutors did n't give her team any advance notice of the new charges . "  To be clear , Tim Curley is innocent of all charges , " Roberto said in a statement . "  We are carefully reviewing the presentment and will reserve a more comprehensive comment for a later time . " Roberto filed a pre-trial motion Wednesday , asking to dismiss or suppress Curley 's grand jury testimony . The motion alleges a conflict of interest because the woman Curley believed was representing him at the time , was actually representing Penn State University . CNN has reached out to Schultz 's attorney Thomas Farrell , who previously said Schultz is innocent of the initial charges and he would fight to clear Schultz 's name . Sandusky , 68 , was convicted in June on 45 counts of child sex abuse , ranging from corruption of minors to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse , which were laid out in graphic testimony by his accusers over the course of the less-than-two-week trial . Last month , he was sentenced to 30 to 60 years in prison , meaning he 'll likely die behind bars . Speaking Thursday , Kelly cited as evidence a series of e-mails among Spanier , Schultz , and Curley from February 2001 , referring , somewhat in code , to the infamous incident in which assistant coach Mike McQueary walked in on Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in a university shower room . CNN first reported in June about the allegedly incriminating e-mails . Ousted Penn State president says he was abused as a child In July , in a 267-page report commissioned by the university , former FBI Director Louis Freeh blamed the three men and legendary former head football coach Joe Paterno for having "  never demonstrated ... any concern for the safety and well-being of Sandusky 's victims until after Sandusky 's arrest , " while the board of trustees failed to perform its oversight duties . Paterno died on January 22 . "  I 'm not going to speculate or comment on Mr. Paterno 's relationship to this investigation , " Kelly said Thursday . "  He 's deceased , and that 's the end of it . " In an August interview published in the New Yorker magazine , Spanier ripped the Freeh report . "  It 's unfair , it 's deeply flawed , it has many errors and omissions , " the former university president told Jeffrey Toobin , a staff writer for The New Yorker and CNN senior legal analyst . "  They interviewed , they say , over 430 people ; many of those folks have spoken to me about their interviews . Many of them describe those interviews to me as a witch hunt . " Curley and Schultz are scheduled for a January trial on the initial two charges . Kelly said she thinks now that Spanier has been charged , the three men should face a joint trial , because of the intertwined nature of the charges . In July , the National Collegiate Athletic Association vacated Penn State 's football wins dating back to 1998 , the year when allegations that Sandusky was abusing children were first made . That penalty removed Paterno from the top of the list of Division I college football 's winningest coaches . Sandusky , Paterno 's top defensive assistant for more than two decades , has been placed in protective custody at the State Correctional Institution at Greene in Waynesburg , where he 'll serve out his sentence for sexually abusing boys . Penn State review recasts story of football hero Paterno "  Given the high-profile nature of this individual , coupled with the nature of his crimes , this makes him very vulnerable in a prison setting , " Corrections Secretary John Wetzel said . He was transferred to the state prison Wednesday from the State Correctional Institution at Camp Hill , where he was physically and mentally evaluated . In the 1,800-inmate prison in Waynesburg , the former coach is being held in a single cell and has additional supervision and an escort when he 's out of his cell for the three showers and five hours of exercise he is allotted weekly . All meals and any counseling or medical visits will take place in Sandusky 's cell , according to a statement from the state 's Department of Corrections . All visits will be "  noncontact , " the statement said . Sandusky will be allowed to have a television , radio and other personal property as authorized by prison officials . Jurors determined that Sandusky , who retired from Penn State in 1999 , used his access to university facilities and his foundation for underprivileged youths to abuse the boys sexually . During the trial , a 23-year-old man identified as Victim No. 4 testified that he was 13 when Sandusky sexually abused him in a university shower . Sandusky is appealing his conviction . CNN 's Deborah Doft , Ross Levitt , Sara Ganim and Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report	Ex-Penn State president , two others face charges related to Jerry Sandusky scandal Attorney general accuses three of turning "  a blind eye to serial predatory acts " Spanier 's attorney : There 's "  no factual basis " to charges , says politics is at play Charges come on same day Sandusky is moved to prison where he 'll serve sentence
CNN  England has banned smoking in cars where children are present -- a law that will come into force from October 1 , with offenders facing a fine of # 50  $ 77  . The law states that it will be an offence to smoke in a private vehicle with someone under age 18 in the car , and to fail to prevent smoking under the same circumstances . The legislation applies to enclosed , private vehicles but not to anyone driving alone . "  Three million children are exposed to second-hand smoke in cars , putting their health at risk , " the Public Health Minister Jane Ellis said . "  We know that many of them feel embarrassed or frightened to ask adults to stop smoking , which is why the regulations are an important step in protecting children from the harms of second-hand smoke . " The British Lung Foundation said more than 80 % of second-hand smoke contains cancer-causing toxins , which are more concentrated in the confines of a car . Children are more susceptible to the harmful effects because their lungs are smaller , they breathe faster and have less developed immune systems . Wales introduced a similar ban last year and the law is in addition to the prohibition of smoking in workplaces and enclosed public places , which was enforced in England in July 2007 . The ban also exists in a number of jurisdictions in Canada , the United States and Australia , while other countries are considering the move . South Africa and Bahrain do not allow smoking in cars with children present and Mauritius has banned smoking in all cars carrying any passenger . The British Heart Foundation welcomes the regulation as well as future plans to discourage young smokers . "  Parliament will shortly vote on introducing standardised packaging -- a key measure in helping to stop children from smoking , " said Chief Executive Simon Gillespie . "  By ridding cigarette products of their distinctive designs we 'll reduce the appeal of this uniquely lethal product damaging the heart health of future generations . " Mixed views are being expressed on Twitter .	England has banned smoking in cars where children are present The law will come into force from October 1 "  Three million children are exposed to second-hand smoke in cars , " the Public Health Minister said
Venezuela said Monday that three U.S. diplomats have 48 hours to leave the South American country , accusing them of conspiring against its government . The State Department fired back , calling that claim "  baseless and false " and saying the United States had not yet received any formal notification of the officials ' expulsion . Venezuelan Foreign Minister Elias Jaua accused the U.S. officials of using a visa program as a cover to meet with youth organizers at private universities "  for training , financing and creating youth organizations through which violence is promoted in Venezuela . " The expulsion , which President Nicolas Maduro first announced Sunday , comes after the State Department expressed concerns about rising tensions in Venezuela . Three anti-government protesters died in clashes last week in Caracas , and authorities have issued an arrest warrant for opposition leader Leopold Lopez on charges including conspiracy and murder in connection with the violence . The Venezuelan Foreign Ministry sharply criticized the Obama administration . "  The U.S. government is lying when it denounces the arrest of peaceful anti-government protesters , " the ministry said in a statement . "  The Venezuelan state has acted and will continue acting against violent actions of extreme right-wing groups that are conspiring dangerously against democratic freedoms . ... The world must know that there is enough evidence that the groups that have caused violence in recent days are headed by Mr. Leopoldo Lopez . " Lopez 's party , Popular Will , has accused the government of being responsible for violence during the protests . On Monday , the party said government troops had violently raided its headquarters , firing tear gas and demanding security cameras . Venezuelan officials could not be immediately reached to respond to that claim . In a YouTube video posted from an undisclosed location over the weekend , Lopez called for new anti-government protests Tuesday and vowed to show his face in front of Venezuela 's Justice Ministry and hand over a list of demands from the Venezuelan people to government officials . "  I made the decision to present myself before the justice system of my country , a corrupt and manipulated system , because I am not a delinquent , I have not committed any crime , and because I have the obligation to deal with this , " Lopez said in an exclusive audio statement sent to CNN 's "  Amanpour " Monday . "  To leave the country or to hide would be to plant doubt about what our motivation is , which is to rally millions of Venezuelans in order to effect change -- social change , political change -- in the face of a reality the affects us all . " Lopez encouraged protesters to be peaceful and to allow him to walk the final stretch to the ministry alone . "  We have raised a flag of change to organize millions of Venezuelans , that we want to effect change in a peaceful manner , not in a violent way , " Lopez told CNN . While opposition groups plan another protest Tuesday , government officials appear to be looking for support beyond the country 's borders . Jaua said he plans to meet Tuesday with ambassadors from Latin American and Caribbean nations , and with ambassadors from Russia and China , to discuss the recent violence . On Monday , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki called for dialogue in Venezuela as tensions mount . "  We support human rights and fundamental freedoms -- including freedom of expression and of peaceful assembly -- in Venezuela as we do in countries around the world , " she said . "  But as we have long said , Venezuela 's political future is for the Venezuelan people to decide . We urge their government to engage all parties in meaningful dialogue . "	An opposition party says government troops raided its headquarters Venezuela accuses three U.S. diplomats of infiltrating universities and expels them The State Department calls Venezuela 's conspiracy claims "  baseless and false " The expulsion comes after the U.S. expressed concern over rising tensions
London  CNN  -- The global economy will slow more than expected this year after being hit by the Ukraine crisis , market volatility and bad weather in the U.S. , the World Bank says in its latest forecast . The bumpy recovery from crisis and emergence of new economic headwinds has prompted the World Bank to cut its global growth forecasts from 3.2 % to 2.8 % . However , its Global Economic Prospects report says the economy will improve later in 2014 . Growth should then expand to 3.4 % in 2015 , ratcheting up another 0.1 % in 2016 , the report says . The acceleration will largely be from high-income countries such as the U.S. and euro area , as the markets recover and there is a "  steady release of pent-up demand , " it says . Growth in developing markets will remain flat , staying under 5 % for 2014 but it will expand next year , the report said . Restructuring in developed markets has offset ongoing risks from the crisis , the report notes , but "  more needs to be done . " Countries such as those in Europe , along with Japan and the U.S. , must ensure they wind down their stimulus programs in an orderly way , it said .	Global economy will slow , the World Bank says in latest economic forecast The World Bank has cut its growth from 3.2 % to 2.8 % amid economic headwinds Developed nations will have steady growth while emerging economies will stay flat
EW.com  -- Even though it 's set in a prison that serves tampon sandwiches for lunch , "  Orange Is the New Black " is a pretty highbrow show , whether it 's quoting Shakespeare 's Coriolanus , name-dropping Ulysses , or analyzing Robert Frost 's " The Road Not Taken " in a way that will permanently alter how you interpret that poem . Midway through the second season , Officer Fischer  Lauren Lapkus  makes a literary reference that 's particularly spot-on . She 's monitoring the inmates ' telephone conversations when her eyes brighten . " It 's so interesting , all these lives , " she says . " It 's like Dickens . " She 's right . "  Orange Is the New Black " might be the closest thing we have to Charles Dickens right now : a sharp denunciation of an arcane system , driven by hardscrabble characters with whimsical names that define who they are and what they like . ` Orange Is the New Black ' : Mugshots and Rap Sheets This season delves further into the complicated lives of Poussey  Samira Wiley  , Crazy Eyes  Uzo Aduba  , and Taystee  Danielle Brooks  , making them even more sympathetic , especially when Taystee 's old drug-dealer boss Vee  Lorraine Toussaint  shows up .  Minor spoilers ahead . And when Piper  Taylor Schilling  starts snooping into allegations of fraud at Litchfield , "  OITNB " continues its savvy critique of officials who benefit from the oppression of the poor -- what , exactly , is Fig  Alysia Reiner  doing with those prison funds ? -- and prisoners who manipulate the goodwill of officials . And there 's no better satire of white privilege on television : When Larry  Jason Biggs  tells Piper that he just stood in line for hours to get a much-hyped " bagnut " -- half bagel , half doughnut -- she sighs , " I forgot what it 's like to have all that freedom to waste . " Maybe that 's the biggest difference from last season : Piper 's not the Whole Foods-eating , Toms-shoes-buying idealist anymore , and it 's gratifying to see her lose the wide-eyed blondie shtick . Early on , she must decide whether to tell the truth and testify against a drug lord , or lie and protect Alex  Laura Prepon  , and her decision makes her want to declare herself " a lone wolf , and a vicious one . " ` Game of Thrones ' Pedro Pascal will star in new Netflix drama But these women are way too caught up in one another 's lives for that , and watching how much they depend on each other in this matriarchal world can be quite moving , from Vee saving a piece of cake for the ever-excluded Crazy Eyes to Poussey helping Taystee tailor her skirt for Career Day . When Piper wonders whether anyone would care if she died , Nicky  Natasha Lyonne  is right there to reassure her . ' ` You 're one Cheerio in the bulk box of life , " she says , " but you f -- in ' tickle me , so I think it would matter . " Okay , so that 's not exactly the stuff of Dickens -- but that does n't mean it 's not profound . Grade : A See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Season 2 of "  Orange Is the New Black " is available on Netflix The reviewer draws comparisons between the show and Charles Dickens The second season receives an "  A " grade
CNN  -- A Swedish truck and bus maker that assembled trucks in Iraq during the Saddam Hussein era has signed "  an agreement in principle " with the government to open an assembly plant next year . Swedish truck and bus maker Scania is to reopen a former plant in Iraq . The company , Scania , issued a statement on its Web site confirming the deal to produce 500 trucks ordered by Iraq , with work starting during the third quarter of 2009 . The work will be performed in the same Iskandariya factory south of Baghdad where the company 's previous operation was housed . The operation comes under the auspices of Iraq 's State Company for Automotive Industry . The deal reflects the Iraqi government 's efforts to rehabilitate an economy decimated by warfare . "  Scania has the necessary qualifications to satisfy the Iraqi government 's desire to begin local production quickly . Assembly of the 500 trucks initially ordered is expected to employ about 500 people . The facility will be designed for the production of 3,000 vehicles per year , " says Klas Dahlberg , vice president in charge of Scania 's sales in the Middle East . The company said Iraq had been one of its largest markets during the 1980s . The Iskandariya factory assembled 3,900 trucks in 1981 , Scania said , and many of the trucks assembled there during that era remain in service . The company said a memorandum of understanding signed by both sides specifies that Scania will work with an Iraqi distributor and "  will assume responsibility for installation of production equipment as well as employee training . " "  In collaboration with our Iraqi distributor , we will also invest in the establishment of a service network in the country . Even today , there is a great need for workshops to take care of vehicles that operate in international traffic to Iraq , " Dahlberg said .	Swedish truck and bus maker Scania is set to return to Iraq Company assembled trucks there during Saddam Hussein era 500 trucks to be made in same factory it had previously used
CNN  Andy Murray picked up his first title of 2015 without having to so much as lift his racket after Novak Djokovic pulled out of the Mubadala World Tennis Championship final in Abu Dhabi due to illness . Djokovic comfortably defeated Stan Wawrinka 6-1 6-2 in Friday 's semi-final but was overcome with a fever overnight . "  Unfortunately I am not to be able to play in the final in Abu Dhabi tonight . I 've been sick today with a fever and I 'm not fit to play , " read a message from the World No 1 . relayed on the MWTC Facebook page Saturday . "  I said after my match last night , the crowds here have shown their love of tennis again this year and always inspire me to play my best so I am hugely disappointed not to be able to play for them . "  I love being a part of this tournament and I 'm really disappointed not be able to take my chance of winning the trophy here again . "  Congratulations to Andy , it 's a shame I could n't play him but I 'm sure we will meet again soon . ' Murray later picked up the trophy on court before the third place playoff between Rafael Nadal and Wawrinka . The Scot had been in fine form himself this week , overcoming Feliciano Lopez on Thursday before trouncing world No. 3 Nadal 6-2 6-0 on Friday . The result marked the first time Murray had beaten a top-four player since he triumphed in the 2013 Wimbledon final against Djokovic . A disappointing 2014 saw Murray spend much of the season on the treatment table after back surgery but a late surge saw him climb up the rankings to appear at the season ending ATP Finals in London . Both Djokovic and Murray will now ramp up their preparations for the year 's first major in the shape of the Australian Open which gets underway in a little over two weeks ' time . Djokovic is set to appear in the Qatar Open in Doha next week while Murray will travel to Australia to compete for Great Britain in the Hoffman Cup .	Novak Djokovic withdraws from final of Mubadala World Tennis Championship Andy Murray handed opening title of 2015 Murray picks up trophy before third place playoff match between Stan Wawrinka and Rafa Nadal
Climate change is here and will only worsen . Get used to more flooding , wildfires and drought , depending on where you live . Cities and states across America already are spending lots of money to respond . Those are the take-home messages of a new White House report released Tuesday that is part of President Barack Obama 's second-term effort to prepare the nation for the impacts of a changing climate such as rising sea levels and increasingly erratic weather . The National Climate Assessment update said evidence of human-made climate change "  continues to strengthen " and that "  Americans are noticing changes all around them . " "  This is not some distant problem of the future , " Obama told NBC , while John Holdren , who directs the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy , said climate change "  already is affecting every region of the country and key sectors of the economy . " Read the National Climate Assessment The Obama administration wants the report to ignite awareness of the need for government and communities to respond now to climate change in the face of fierce political opposition , mostly from conservatives . Unrelenting political opposition A relentless campaign backed by the fossil fuel industry and its allies challenges whether climate change is real , and if so , whether human activity such as increased carbon emissions from power plants , factories and cars contributes to it . In a statement coinciding with the report 's publication , the White House said the findings "  underscore the need for urgent action to combat the threats from climate change , protect American citizens and communities today , and build a sustainable future for our kids and grandkids . " Breaking down the report by region John Podesta , a Democratic operative who now counsels the President , told reporters that Obama will kick off a broad campaign this week to publicize the report , while Cabinet members and other administration officials would be "  fanning out " across the country to spread the word about how climate change impacts specific regions . Republican critics immediately pounced on new report as a political tool for Obama to try to impose a regulatory agenda that would hurt the economy . Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky mocked what he described as the hypocritical stance of "  liberal elites " who demand strong action on climate change while failing to reduce their own carbon footprint . "  Even if we were to enact the kind of national energy regulations the President seems to want so badly , it would be unlikely to meaningfully impact global emissions anyway unless other major industrial nations do the same thing , " McConnell said in arguing against proposals to reduce industrial pollution . He called the debate "  cynical " because Obama knew that "  much of the pain of imposing such regulations would be borne by our own middle class . " Changing attitudes ? To Podesta and Holdren , the reality of climate change will win out over opponents of new energy policies to combat it . "  Public awareness has been going up and will continue to go up , " Holdren told reporters , predicting increased public support for government action to reduce U.S. carbon emissions and for America to take a leadership role on climate change in the international arena . Five things you can do Recent polling indicates most Americans believe human activities cause climate change , but also shows the issue is less important to the public than the economy and other topics . A Gallup poll in March found that 34 % of respondents think climate change , called global warming in the poll , posed a "  serious threat " to their way of life , compared to 64 % who responded "  no . " At the same time , more than 60 % of respondents believed global warming was happening or would happen in their lifetime . More than 300 experts helped produce the report over several years , updating a previous assessment published in 2009 . Podesta called it "  actionable science " for policymakers and the public to use in forging a way forward . Scientists categorize the response to climate change into two strategies -- minimizing the effects by reducing the cause , which is known as mitigation , and preparing for impacts already occurring or certain to occur , which is called adaptation . The report breaks the country down by region and identifies specific threats should climate change continue . Major concerns cited by scientists involved in creating the report include rising sea levels along America 's coasts , drought in the Southwest and prolonged fire seasons . Sea levels rising It predicts sea levels will rise at least a foot by the end of the century and perhaps as much as four feet , depending on how much of the Greenland and Antarctic ice shelf melts . Such an outcome could be catastrophic for millions of people living along the ocean , submerging tropical islands and encroaching on coastal areas . Low-lying U.S. cities already experience high flooding , with Miami planning to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to address the problem , noted Jerry Melillo of Marine Biological Laboratory , who chaired the advisory committee that produced the new assessment . The Great Plains could experience heavier droughts and heat waves with increasing frequency , while more wildfires in the West could threaten agriculture and residential communities , the report notes . Obama 's week-long focus on climate change continues Wednesday , when the White House convenes a summit focused on green building tactics . Later in the week , Obama will announce new solar power initiatives , according to Podesta . In his first term , the President faced opposition by Republicans and some Democrats from states with major fossil fuel industries such as coal production to significant climate change legislation . He pledged to renew his efforts on the issue in his final four years , including using executive actions that bypass Congress . Obama has introduced new regulations on vehicle emissions and created "  climate hubs " that help businesses prepare for the effects of climate change . A major upcoming issue is a proposal under consideration by the Obama administration to build the Keystone XL pipeline , which would transport tar sands oil from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . Environmental groups say the project would contribute to climate change because tar sands oil is dirtier than conventionally drilled crude , and importing it would maintain the country 's dependence on fossil fuels . Republicans and some Democrats from oil industry states want the pipeline approved to create jobs and bolster exports from a strategic ally and U.S. neighbor . The new assessment calls for continued mitigation steps including regulations and programs to reduce carbon emissions , as well as necessary planning and investment to deal with the known impacts . Melillo cited some adaptation measures already underway , noting a "  terrific plan for extreme heat events " by the city of Philadelphia . "  Things are starting to happen , " Melillo said , adding that the continued efforts over time will "  ultimately present a very positive picture " about Americans taking action on climate change .	President Obama says climate change happening now A new government report outlines how climate change already affects the country Administration officials "  fanning out " across the country to publicize the report Republicans criticize proposed government steps on climate change
CNN  -- In a move to squash dissent within North Korea 's ruling elite , the once-powerful uncle of Leader Kim Jong Un was removed from his government position at a Ruling Workers ' Party politburo meeting Sunday , North Korea 's state news agency KCNA confirmed . Jang Song Thaek , who married Kim 's aunt , was the vice chairman of North Korea 's top military body and has often been pictured beside Kim , who has ruled North Korea since his father 's death in 2011 . "  Some see this as perhaps the last part of the power consolidation phase , that Kim Jong Un has in fact removed all of the old guard close to his father and is now finalizing the inserting of his own inner group , " said John Park , a Northeast Asia analyst at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government . Jang and his allies were accused by Kim of double-dealing behind the scene , "  dreaming different dreams " and selling off the country 's resources at cheap prices , thereby threatening North Korea 's economic development , according to the KCNA statement . Opinion : North Korea 's young Kim there to stay "  Jang desperately worked to form a faction within the party by creating illusion about him and winning those weak in faith and flatterers to his side , " the statement said . The public document also scolds Jang for improper relations with several women , drug use , gambling , eating at expensive restaurants and getting medical treatment in a foreign country . Last week two close allies of Jang -- Lee Yong-ha and Jang Soo-kee -- were publicly executed , South Korean lawmakers said at a news conference . The lawmakers , including Cho Won-jin of the governing Saenuri Party , said this after receiving what they said was a briefing from South Korea 's National Intelligence Service . CNN has not been able to independently confirm the report . North Korea , a state shrouded in secrecy , is involved in a protracted standoff with its neighbors and Western powers over its nuclear weapons program . Tensions between North and South Korea soared this year as Pyongyang reacted angrily to tightened United Nations sanctions imposed in response to its latest nuclear test . The two sides are still technically at war after the Korean War , from 1950 to 1953 , ended in a truce , not a treaty . Opinion : World must awaken to North Korea 's camps of horror	Kim Jong Un strips uncle of all posts , signaling major upheaval in North Korea 's leadership Uncle Jang Song Thaek is accused of leading a separatist party faction In removing his uncle , Kim has cemented his power , analyst says South Korean lawmakers say two of Jang 's allies were publicly executed
CNN  -- Jimi Jamison , who belted out the hits "  The Search is Over " and "  Burning Heart " for 1980s rock band Survivor , has died . He was 63 . "  The entire Survivor family is very shocked and saddened by the passing of our brother Jimi Jamison , " the band 's official Facebook page said . "  Our thoughts , love and prayers go out to his family and friends . " Jamison joined the band in 1984 after Survivor scored the No. 1 hit "  Eye of the Tiger , " from the "  Rocky III " soundtrack . Original lead singer Dave Bickler left the band for medical reasons . Jamison sang on five Top 20 singles . In addition to "  The Search is Over , " which peaked at No. 4 , and "  Burning Heart , " which made it to No. 2 on the charts and was on the "  Rocky IV " soundtrack , Jamison provided vocals for "  I Ca n't Hold Back , " "  High on You , " and "  Is This Love . " Survivor disbanded in 1989 , according to the band 's biography on AllMusic.com . Survivor returned to the studio in 1993 with Bickler back on lead vocals to record a couple of new songs for a greatest hits package . Jamison later rejoined the lineup in 2000 . Fans of TV 's "  Baywatch " might also recognize his voice . He sang and helped pen the show 's theme song , "  I 'm Always Here . " "  I 'm Always Here " by Jimi Jamison People we lost in 2014	Jimi Jamison sang on five Top 20 singles He joined Survivor after the No. 1 hit "  Eye of the Tiger " Original lead singer Dave Bickler left the band for medical reasons He was 63
New York  CNN  -- A New York police officer is under investigation after a video emerged showing him beating a 21-year-old man at a community center in Brooklyn , police said Monday . The incident occurred at 5 a.m. on October 8 , after police received a call about a dispute at the ALIYA Center in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn , police said . There , police came upon Ehud Haleavy , who refused to leave the women 's portion of the center , the statement said . "  The officers used force " to make the arrest , and Haleavy was charged with assault , trespass , resisting arrest , harassment and unlawful possession of marijuana , according to the statement , from Deputy Commissioner Paul J. Browne . The incident was caught on camera and obtained by CNN from CrownHeights.info . The video shows a bare-chested , bearded man talking with two officers -- one of them a woman -- in what appears to be a game room containing a pool table and two couches . The video shows the officers approaching Haleavy , who is on one of the couches , and talking to him . Moments later , he stands and talks with the officers , gesticulating with his arms but making no apparent threat toward either officer . The video has no sound . When the officers attempt to grab him by his arms , Haleavy pulls free of their grasp . At that , the male officer , 41 , crouches into a boxing stance and hits the victim more than a dozen times , striking him in the face , the back of his head and his torso . Haleavy falls back into a couch , where he raises his arms in an apparent attempt to deflect the blows , but at no point does it appear that he is seeking to strike either officer . Later in the video , the female officer can be seen striking Haleavy repeatedly with a truncheon . More than three minutes into the video , about 10 more officers enter the room , where they cuff Haleavy 's wrists behind his back and lead him out . "  This video does not indicate New York 's finest , " Assemblyman Dov Hikind said . "  You begin to wonder how often things like this happen . " Haleavy "  keeps his arms down and in back of him , but he is the one who gets arrested with felonies against a police officer , " Hikind said . "  It 's just lies , lies , lies . " The department 's Internal Affairs Bureau has opened an investigation into the incident after reviewing the video , according to Browne . The matter was also referred to the Civilian Complaint Review Board . ALIYA -- an acronym for Alternative Learning Institute for Young Adults -- seeks to serve "  spiritual , physical , educational , emotional and vocational needs of young adults in the Crown Heights community , " according to its website .	Video shows male officer hitting suspect dozens of times It also shows a female officer striking suspect repeatedly with a truncheon "  This video does not indicate New York 's finest , " assemblyman says
CNN  Former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo -- who rose from the Depression-era streets of Queens to serve three times as governor and whose passionate keynote address at the 1984 Democratic political convention vaulted him onto the national political scene -- died Thursday . He was 82 . Cuomo had been hospitalized recently to treat a heart condition . His family said he passed away , at home , from "  natural causes due to heart failure . " Cuomo was governor for three terms , from 1983 to 1995 . He was married to his wife , Matilda , for more than six decades . They had five children , including current New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , who was sworn in for his second term Thursday , and Chris Cuomo , host of CNN 's "  New Day . " Asked once how he wanted to be remembered , Mario Cuomo replied : "  One of the simple things I wanted to achieve is -- I want to be governor . I want to be the hardest working there ever was . And I want , when it 's over -- and I figured on four years at first -- I want people to say , now , there was an honest person . " Democratic standard-bearer Cuomo burst onto the national political stage with his keynote address at the 1984 Democratic National Convention . To say he was a powerful speaker would be an understatement . A Queens native , Cuomo was born in New York City , in the apartment above his father 's grocery store . After a brief shot at a career in minor league baseball , he pursued a law degree and graduated at the top of his class at St. John 's University School of Law . Although the allure of public service was strong , Cuomo 's early attempts at seeking political office ended in defeat . His first electoral success came in 1978 as running mate to former Gov. Hugh Carey . Four years later , Carey stepped aside , and Cuomo entered the race and won . He held the governorship for three terms , winning two more handily by emphasizing lower taxes , balanced budgets , public education and affirmative action . He was a strong opponent of the death penalty . In 1993 , Cuomo passed up the opportunity to be appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court , choosing instead to run for a fourth term as governor . He lost in 1994 . Having fun in the face of defeat , Cuomo made a popular commercial for Doritos , which also starred Ann Richards , who lost the Texas governorship the same year . ` You can now sleep with the greats ' President Barack Obama praised Cuomo for his faith in God and championing of progressive values in a statement issued by the White House . "  His own story taught him that as Americans , we are bound together as one people , and our country 's success rests on the success of all of us , not just a fortunate few , " the President said . Cuomo announced Bill Clinton 's nomination for President at the 1992 Democratic Convention . "  It was Mario Cuomo 's great gift and our good fortune that he was both a sterling orator and a passionate public servant . His life was a blessing , " Clinton said in a statement . Obamas praise Mario Cuomo Jon Favreau , a former speechwriter for President Barack Obama , praised Cuomo 's 1984 address as one of his all-time favorite speeches . "  Used to read it constantly for inspiration , " he tweeted . Cuomo 's death touched people across the political spectrum . "  Our country and our region lost a giant today with the passing of Governor Mario Cuomo , " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said in a statement . "  He was a strong , eloquent leader who loved New York and its people . As an Italian-American , he was also a role model for future generations that anything was possible through hard work and education . " The Rev. Al Sharpton remembered the former governor as "  the last liberal giant of New York politics . " "  He was a philosopher at heart that always saw the bigger picture . Even when we would engage in debate I felt he was playing chess while I was playing checkers , " he said . "  Mario , you have earned it and your place in history is secure . You can now sleep with the greats . " New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has ordered flags flying in the city that were lowered to half staff in honor of slain NYPD officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu to remain lowered for 30 days to honor Cuomo 's memory . He commended his humanity in a statement : "  Mario Cuomo was a man of unwavering principle who possessed a compassion for humankind that was without equal . " CNN 's Wolf Blitzer and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Mario Cuomo dies "  from natural causes due to heart failure , " his family says He shot to national fame at the 1984 Democratic National Convention Cuomo is remembered as "  the last liberal giant of New York politics "
CNN  -- Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , who remains a popular figure in his country , vowed in a video posted on YouTube to beat his recently diagnosed throat cancer . The two-minute personal message was published Tuesday , the same day as Lula was released from the Syrian-Lebanese Hospital in Sao Paulo , where he underwent his first round of chemotherapy this week . Doctors surgically inserted a port that allows the transfer of medicine straight to the former president 's vein . Lula then underwent his first chemotherapy session , which went "  without incident , " according to the hospital . Doctors have said that they found a tumor located in Lula 's larynx . "  I believe I will win this battle . This is not the first time and wo n't be the last battle I will face . With your solidarity , it 's going to be much more peaceful , much easier , " Lula said in the video , speaking in a raspy voice . The thanked the Brazilian people for their outpouring of support . "  There is no space for pessimism or to feel sorry . If the day does not go well , with a lot of guts we will make it better tomorrow , " he said . Lula , known for the social programs he implemented at the same time that Brazil 's economy soared , was Brazil 's most popular president in recent history . His hand-picked successor , Dilma Rousseff -- a cancer survivor herself -- easily won the presidential election .	Former President Lula was diagnosed with cancer over the weekend He had his first chemotherapy this week He made a video thanking people for their support
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Dressed as Santa , Bruce Jeffrey Pardo walked up to his ex-in-laws ' home in Covina , California , on Christmas Eve and knocked on the door . Bruce Jeffrey Pardo was sought for a Christmas party shooting before taking his own life , police said . An 8-year-old girl , elated to see Santa , ran toward the door . That 's when , police say , Pardo lifted a gun and shot her in the face . Pardo , 45 , with a gun in one hand and a wrapped present in the other , began shooting indiscriminately , police said at a news conference Thursday . He sprayed the living room with bullets . Watch police describe the child getting shot " Nearly 25 friends and family members were at the home for an annual Christmas party . Some ran , some took cover under furniture , some broke windows in an effort to escape -- one woman jumped from the second-story of the home , police said . Neighbors heard gunfire and called 911 shortly before 11:30 p.m. Police said they arrived within three minutes to find the home engulfed in flames . Police said Thursday afternoon that six bodies had been recovered . The Los Angeles County coroner 's office later said two more bodies had been recovered . The names of the victims have not yet been released by authorities . Police said they have not accounted for three people : Pardo 's ex-mother-in-law , ex-father-in-law and ex-wife -- whom he recently divorced . The 8-year-old , whose injuries indicate the bullet went straight through her face , is recovering at a hospital in Los Angeles , police said . "  She has a very , very severe injury to her face . It 's not life-threatening , but she 's got a very tough road ahead of her , " Lt. Pat Buchanan of the Covina Police Department said Thursday . A 16-year-old with a gunshot wound and the woman who jumped out the window were also being treated at the hospital . Police believe that after Pardo stopped shooting he unwrapped his gift -- a home-made device used to spread fire -- and used it to set the house ablaze . Watch firefighters on the scene of the inferno " Buchanan said the device was "  something we have never seen before . " Covina Police Chief Kim Raney described it as a pressurized tank attached to another tank filled with accelerant . Police believe that after Pardo set fire to the home , he changed into his regular clothing , went to another relative 's home in the nearby Sylmar area and committed suicide . Authorities identified Pardo 's body , said Buchanan . Police have not released the identities of any of his alleged victims . At the news conference Ed Winter , assistant chief Los Angeles County coroner , said the recovered bodies were "  severely burned and charred , " making it necessary to use dental and medical records , and X-rays to establish identities . The intense fire caused the top floor of the two-story house to collapse onto the first floor , according to Winter . Raney said Pardo 's former in-laws regularly have a party Christmas Eve and that one neighbor always arrives dressed as Santa . This year , that neighbor was away , police said . Police suggested marital problems as a possible motive for the attack and said they believe Pardo and his wife of one year finally settled a contentious divorce last week . Authorities said Pardo 's name was given to them by people who were at the party . Police also said they recovered multiple weapons from inside the house .	Pardo shot 8-year-old at ex-in-laws ' home as she ran toward him Pardo carried gift-wrapped , homemade device to spread fire Eight found dead after shootings , fire at the Los Angeles-area house Suspected gunman found dead at relative 's house , police say
CNN  -- North Korea has completed preparations for launching what it says is "  an experimental communications satellite , " the reclusive nation 's state news agency reported early Saturday . A satellite image shows a rocket sitting on its launch pad in northeast North Korea . "  The satellite will be launched soon , " KCNA reported . How "  soon " was anyone 's guess . On Friday , President Obama reiterated that the United States strongly opposes any such launch . "  We have made it very clear to the North Koreans that their missile launch is provocative , it puts enormous strains on the Six-Party Talks and that they should stop the launch , " Obama said while on a stop in France . Obama warned that the United States will join with its allies to take "  appropriate steps " to let North Korea know it ca n't violate United Nations rules and get away with it . Western nations fear that North Korea plans a ballistic missile test rather than a satellite launch , but the administration 's special envoy to the Six-Party Talks , Stephen Bosworth , said it did n't matter if the North Koreans were trying to put a satellite in space or testing a ballistic missile that could threaten Japan or the United States . "  Whether it is a satellite launch or a missile launch , in our judgment makes no difference . It is a provocative act , " Bosworth said . Bosworth said the United States stands ready , in the event of a launch , to participate in U.N. deliberations on new sanctions against North Korea . A commentary carried by KCNA recently blasted critics for opposing its plans . "  This is nothing but a groundless outcry of the political philistines ignorant of any legality of the study of space for peaceful purposes , " the commentary said . The U.S. Navy is monitoring the expected launch with at least four ships in the region around the Korean Peninsula and northern Japan , according to U.S. military officials . The ships -- three destroyers and one cruiser -- are capable of tracking and shooting down ballistic missiles using powerful Aegis radar systems aboard each vessel . Two ships are in the Sea of Japan , the USS Curtis Wilbur and the USS Stethem , both guided-missile destroyers . Two other ships are on the Pacific Ocean side of Japan to monitor the missile if it flies over that nation . Those ships are the USS Shiloh , a guided-missile cruiser and the USS Fitzgerald , another guided-missile destroyer , the officials said . All four U.S. ships are working with Japanese naval ships in the same region that are also equipped with Aegis radar . Watch report on launch preparations " U.S. military officials say Pyongyang seems to still be on track to launch the missile as early as Saturday , but one official told CNN that winds strong enough to delay a launch are predicted for Saturday in the area of the launch site , in northeastern North Korea .	N. Korea says rocket containing "  communications satellite " is ready for launch U.S. military officials anticipating Saturday launch , but windy weather could delay it Obama : U.S. opposes any such launch , which puts "  strain " on Six-Party Talks Aegis-equipped U.S. , Japanese naval ships are monitoring in Sea of Japan , Pacific
Sometimes a 3-D printer part is just a 3-D printer part . Police thought they had seized the UKs first 3-D-printed gun on Thursday when they raided a local model-making shop , arrested its 38-year-old owner , and confiscated a 3-D printer and a number of parts they believed were for a 3-D printed gun . However , it now appears the parts are likely just replacement components for the 3-D printer itself . Officers suspected one piece was a 3-D-printed plastic magazine and the other a 3-D-printed trigger . The seizure was part of a larger raid targeting organized crime by the Greater Manchester Police . "  If what we have seized today can , as we suspect , be used to make a genuine firearm then today will be an important milestone in the fight against this next generation of homemade weapons , " said detective inspector Chris Mossop in a statement announcing the raid . Photos of the parts were quickly picked apart online by the 3-D printing community , including GigaOm , and identified as pieces for a 3-D printer . The store owner told the BBC the "  magazine " part was actually a "  spool holder " for the printer , and that the parts were designed by the printer manufacturer . In a follow-up statement , the department acknowledged that they could not confirm the parts were from a 3-D printed gun , saying they needed further forensic testing by ballistics experts . They also plan on searching through the shop-owner 's computer for any incriminating files that might indicate he planned on printing a 3-D weapon . In addition to the plastic components , officers found air rifles and an air pistol in the shop , and said they had "  intelligence about the possible production of a weapon using this technology . " These particular parts may not be for a gun , but law enforcement officials feel the threat of homemade firearms is very real . Since the first 3-D printed gun was successfully fired in May , 3-D printing technology has been on police radars . The printers are dropping in prices , costing anywhere between $ 300 and thousands for a home 3-D printing machine . Before they were taken down , the blueprint files needed to make a gun were available online for anyone to download . "  What this has also done is open up a wider debate about the emerging threat these next generation of weapons might pose , " assistant chief constable Steve Heywood said in a statement . "  The worrying thing is for me is that these printers can be used to make certain components of guns , while others can be legitimately ordered over the Internet without arousing suspicion . When put together , this could allow a person to construct a firearm in their own home . " The 3-D printed gun technology is still in the early stages , but if it irons out the kinks and makes it affordable and easy to produce guns at home , it would create new opportunities for criminals hoping to stay off the radar .	UK police raid model-shop looking for 3-D printed gun The parts they found may actually be replacement pieces for the 3-D printer itself 3-D printed firearms a growing concern for law enforcement since first one fired in May
CNN  -- Bubba Watson turned on the style to win his second U.S. Masters title in three years after a final round 69 gave him a three-shot victory in the opening major of the 2014 season . Watson briefly trailed his last day playing partner Jordan Spieth before pulling clear on the back nine at Augusta to repeat his 2012 triumph with an eight-under-par total of 280 . The 20-year-old Spieth finished in a tie for second at five-under with Sweden 's Jonas Blixt , who was also making a superb debut at the Masters . Popular 50-year-old Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez claimed fourth place a further shot behind after a closing 71 . Watson did not panic when Spieth moved two clear on the front nine and a four-shot swing on the eighth and ninth saw him take a lead he never relinquished . His victory was highlighted by a monster 366-yard drive on the 13th to set up a two-putt birdie and a three-shot advantage going into the closing holes . The chasers were unable to make a sustained challenge to leave the 35-year-old Watson to savor another triumph in the 78th edition of the famous tournament . After putting out on the 18th green an emotional Watson burst into tears before embracing family members . "  I do n't remember the last few I holes , I just remember hanging on to make pars , " he said before donning the Green Jacket for the second time in the traditional ceremony . Watson has been in fine form on the PGA Tour leading into the Masters , claiming the Northern Trust Open in Los Angeles in February -- his fifth career win and first since his initial triumph at Augusta . The pre-tournament talk was of Tiger Woods ' withdrawal through injury and of Adam Scott 's chances of a repeat triumph , the Australian eventually finishing a creditable one-over-par in his title defense . But Watson sprung to prominence with a second round 68 with a run of five straight birdies to show his intent , his eventual victory taking him into the top five of the new world rankings . "  The first one I felt I lucked into , " he admitted . "  A lot of hard work and determination went into this one , " he added . A host of golfers eyed victory on a tight leader board going into the final round , but the likes of Matt Kuchar and Rickie Fowler were unable to threaten Watson and the American pair finished tied for fifth on two-under , a shot ahead of England 's Lee Westwood . Pre-tournament favorite Rory McIlroy finished strongly with a three-under 69 for level par , but his hopes were ended by a poor second round .	Bubba Watson wins Masters for the second time Cards final round 69 to claim three-shot victory Youngster Jordan Spieth fades after promising start Ties for second with fellow Augusta rookie Jonas Blixt
CNN  -- The way we watch TV is changing . People want to decide when , where and on what screen they watch their favorite shows . One of the simplest tools for viewing your shows from any device is the Slingbox , which is releasing two new models of its popular TV-streaming tool . The Slingbox is a device that streams content from cable and satellite providers to mobile devices and computer , allowing you to watch whatever is playing on your TV or recorded on your DVR far from your home . Instead of having to plant yourself in front of the living room television to watch a new episode of "  Breaking Bad , " you can watch a live or DVR stream of it from another room , state or country using a smartphone , tablet or computer . The two new Slingbox models add in some key features that were absent from the previous model , the Slingbox Pro HD . The smaller $ 180 Slingbox 350 can stream videos up to 1080p and has simplified the set-up process . The $ 300 Slingbox 500 also streams1080p HD content and has a variety of connection options , including HDMI , component and composite for linking to your other devices and television set . The 500 adds a rough first go of a promising new feature called SlingProjector which makes it possible to stream content , such as photos , from your mobile devices or computers back to the TV . The old trapezoid design has been overhauled . The Slingbox 350 is a small and light box covered in pattern of small diamond shapes . The larger Slingbox 500 has a slick undulating rectangle body , that while pretty to look at , makes it difficult to stack other boxes on top of it . For the many people playing device Jenga in their entertainment centers , that means the 500 will always have to be perched on top of the Xbox , DVR , DVD player or Wii . The company is also updating the companion software , SlingPlayer , and temporarily dropping its price from $ 30 to $ 15 for iOS , Android and Windows Phone apps . The Slingbox 350 and 500 go on sale this Sunday . The announcement is n't a complete surprise . The devices were spotted earlier this month on the shelves of a Best Buy by Dave Zatz . And it 's been four years since the last Slingbox hardware release ; that 's eons in gadget years . In that time , Slingbox was bought by satellite company EchoStar . Slingbox is a makeshift solution to cable 's slow move onto the Internet and mobile devices . There are a host of business reasons these companies do n't stream all their content on demand to any device with an Internet connection . For example , content is still expensive to produce and advertisers pay less for online placement than they do for television airtime . It 's estimated that by the end of 2012 , 3.58 million people in the United States will have opted out of cable for alternative services such as Netflix , Hulu and Amazon Prime according to the Convergence Consulting Group . These consumers , called cord cutters , will only account for 3.6 % of subscribers . Not enough to leave behind a profitable-but-aging business model just yet . Cord cutters cobble together an alternative to cable using a combination of services and sometimes illegal streaming sites . It can be hard work that requires time and a larger amount of technical know-how than many cable subscribers are likely to have . Many shows are available for streaming , but the market is heavily fragmented . Some shows are available for free online but delayed , others through subscription services . You can buy episodes through stores like iTunes or download official apps for the channels you like . Some of the solutions only work if you have cable , like the HBO Go app that requires you also have a cable subscription . The Slingbox is a pat solution for people willing to pay for cable or satellite subscriptions , who want to watch shows on other devices  a trend called "  place shifting "  . It does have its limitations . Only one person can control the TV at a time , so if you 're trying to stream "  True Blood " from a hotel in New York while your husband and kids are watching "  SpongeBob " at home in California , their channel will change . However , it is still one of the better options in a market of imperfect solutions . Until cable companies and content creators embrace Ã la carte television , tools like Slingbox are a necessary stopgap for a lot of people .	Slingbox lets you watch what 's playing on your TV from a mobile device or computer The two new Slingbox devices are the first from the company in four years Both add HD streaming and the Slingbox 500 adds HDMI and WiFi
CNN  A Chinese newspaper has come under fire for taking photos of the body of Yao Beina , a popular singer , at a hospital morgue after her death from breast cancer . The Shenzhen Evening News issued an apology on Sunday on their official Sina Weibo account , a widely used Chinese social media site , confirming the incident . "  We sincerely apologize for the disturbance and discomfort we have caused to Yao 's family , fans and netizens , " the statement read . The newspaper admitted to taking photos of the 33-year-old 's body during a cornea removal surgery in a operating room after her death on Friday evening at a Shenzhen Hospital . She had agreed to donate her corneas after her death . According to the statement , the photos were deleted immediately after family members objected . Yao is a pop star known for singing the Chinese version of "  Let It Go " from Disney 's blockbuster "  Frozen . " She first rose to fame in China 's hit reality television singing competition , "  The Voice " , in 2013 . Allegations of the incident surfaced on social media a day after the news of the 33-year-old 's death broke . A widely shared post on Weibo under the user name "  Entertainment Whistleblower " said that three journalists from the Shenzhen Evening News pretended to be medical staff assisting in the surgery , and sneaked into the morgue to take photographs of the deceased singer 's body . The statement from the newspaper did not say how many journalists were involved or detail exactly how the photos were obtained . CNN contacted the hospital about the allegations , but they had no comment on the incident . The allegations unleashed a storm of criticism about media ethics on social media . "  Where is your humanity ? " commented one Weibo user , referring to the newspaper . "  A simple apology online and that 's all you 're going to do about an incident that seriously oversteps ethical borders ? " said another . CNN 's intern Sherry Ju contributed to this report .	A Chinese newspaper has come under fire for taking photos of the body of Yao Beina , a popular singer , after her death The newspaper issued an apology confirming the incident , and said the photos have been deleted Early allegations said that three journalists from the newspaper pretended to be medical staff and sneaked into the room
Mashable  -- Jules Verne , one of the pioneers of the science fiction literary genre , was born on this day , February 8 , 1828 . In honor of the writer who gave us the "  Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea " and "  A Journey to the Center of the Earth , " Google has a special interactive logo today , letting you submerge a submarine deep below the water 's surface and explore its depths , using the lever on the right . There 's a couple of surprises there , including an obligatory treasure chest , scary sea monsters and some corals shaped in a way that resembles a certain logo . Happy exploring ! See the original article on Mashable © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Jules Verne was one of the pioneers of the science fiction literary genre Writer gave us "  Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea " Google doodle lets you submerge a submarine deep below the water 's surface
March 30 , 2015 Monday on CNN Student News : Find out what issues were on the minds of Nigerians , as voters in Africa 's largest democracy went to the polls . Discover how an astronaut on a 340-day mission to the International Space Station will become one of the experiments being conducted . And lend your ears to an invention that aims to extinguish fires with low-frequency sound waves . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Every day in his cell in one of the most notorious prisons in Latin America , an American father wrote a letter to his little boy . Jason Puracal would tuck the papers away , trying to fight the fear that his son might grow up never knowing his dad . "  Jabu was my sunshine . My ray of hope . When I was in there -- it was dark ... it was so ... hard ... I just imagined I could see him , " Puracal told CNN on Monday night via phone from New York . Puracal seemed to choke up a little . After all , he was speaking less than two days after gaining the freedom he thought he 'd never have again -- the result of a Nicaraguan court system ruling last week that his conviction could not stand . Puracal took a breath and laughed . He lovingly shushed the loud giggles of his 5-year-old . "  Come on , play ! " the boy said as he tugged at his father . Puracal , from Washington state , had been behind bars since November 2010 , when Nicaraguan authorities raided his real estate office in the coastal tourist city of San Juan del Sur and accused him of money laundering , drug trafficking and involvement in organized crime . He was sentenced to 22 years in August 2011 . Puracal survived "  day by day , minute by minute , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an exclusive interview Monday night . "  It 's a fight for your life every second of the day , " he said . For nearly two years , a chorus of supporters -- including a former FBI agent , a U.S. congressman and several noted human rights attorneys -- fought to clear Puracal 's name . They said that there was no evidence to support the charges and that the American 's prosecution was rife with legal mistakes and misconduct . Read the details of Puracal 's case Earlier this summer , Puracal 's defense team presented their arguments before an appeals court in Nicaragua , which decided last week to vacate all charges against him . One of Puracal 's attorneys picked him up from the notorious La Modelo prison near Managua late last week and drove him out of the gates . Puracal immediately took a hot shower , and then another and another . The prison is notorious for its harsh treatment of inmates and for housing some of the region 's most violent criminals . Puracal said he had been beaten and been refused water and food for days at a time and had developed a painful inflammation in his bowels and lost a lot of weight . Puracal talked about the experience with Cooper on Monday night . "  It is a notorious prison -- just the conditions and overcrowding of it and the danger of it . What is that first moment like when the gate slams behind you and you realize the reality of where you are ? " Cooper asked . "  I was with rapists , murderers and actual drug dealers , " Puracal said . "  It 's a very violent place . There 's a lot of tension between different groups in there ; not only the conditions , but the other people around you . " There were times , in the beginning , when Puracal just could n't believe what was happening to him . "  I did n't believe that I was there , and I kept thinking to myself , ` Oh this is just a big mistake ' and that they will let me go any day now , " he said . "  And the whole time , ` Oh yeah , any day now I should be going , ' and it just kept dragging on and dragging on . " What is it like being a free man ? "  It 's wonderful ... it 's very overwhelming , " Puracal said . "  But I 'm happy to be back with my family my wife and my son . ... It 's still very , very surreal . The whole experience has been very unbelievable . " He said that his sister Janis Puracal , a Seattle lawyer who was his biggest advocate , sometimes was able to visit him in prison . She brought stacks of supportive e-mails . They were from friends and family but also from strangers who heard about his case through the awareness group FreeJasonP.com , which publicized his case . The e-mails were a huge help , but "  there were days where I started losing hope , " he said . "  It 's a very negative environment , that prison . " Puracal meditated on his son . He thought about his Nicaraguan wife Scarlett . They met not long after he moved from Washington state to the country , first to work as a Peace Corps volunteer and then as a real estate agent . The couple settled in San Juan del Sur , a popular beach town in southwest Nicaragua . On November 11 , 2010 , Nicaraguan police raided Puracal 's ReMax office and his home . Police also took custody of Puracal 's truck and the clothes he was wearing ; yet 48 hours after he was detained , police asked him to put his clothes back on and get into his truck so authorities could take pictures , according to former FBI Agent Steve Moore , who has reviewed the case documents . He said police then claimed they found a substance that could be cocaine . "  Basic chain of command was not followed , " Moore , part of a group of vocal supporters , told CNN in February . "  You can imagine you feel greatly violated that you are being accused of these horrific crimes with absolutely no evidence , " Puracal told Cooper . "  But I just did n't believe that those things can happen . You do n't think that it can happen to you . " By late Monday night , Puracal was exhausted . He kept playing with Jabu , though . He still has all those papers , the life lessons he wrote for his son . "  I want to turn them into a book for him , " he told CNN . "  I want him to be able to keep it . " He still loves Nicaragua , he said . He does n't blame a country for the acts of a few people . He plans to go to graduate school to get a degree in sustainable urban development to do what he began in the Peace Corps years ago . "  I still do love Nicaragua . I still believe in its potential . I still love the people there , " he said . "  There 's wrongful convictions in every country around the world , including the United States , so I ca n't isolate it just to Nicaragua . And I hope that one day that I 'll be able to finish some of the social projects that I was working on . "	Nicaragua overturned American Jason Puracal 's conviction Puracal had been sentenced to 22 years in prison High-profile Americans had been fighting for his release for two years "  The whole experience has been very unbelievable , " he tells CNN
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova overpowered Sara Errani to win the French Open final at Roland Garros for the first time and complete a career grand slam . The 2012 tournament 's surprise package , Italian Errani never came up with an answer to Sharapova 's strategy of power and unerring ball placement as the Russian produced 37 winner to secure a 6-3 6-3 victory . As Sharapova motored into a 4-0 lead in the opening set the final looked as it might be over in the blink of an eye , but Errani got her toe in the match by breaking Sharapova 's serve to win the fifth game . Errani , who is ranked 23rd in the world , showed plenty of grit to save two set points in the eighth game , but when a third set point came up in the following game Sharapova ruthlessly converted . Italy 's Errani refused to capitulate in the second set , but was never able to threaten the Russian 's dominance . As well as strength , Sharapova 's quickness of feet was a feature of an impressive performance , notably when she sprinted to reach an Errani drop shot , winning the point to take a 4-1 lead . Errani saved two match points in a game that the Italian produced a couple of the deftest drop shots you could wish for , but the Italian 's resistance was finally ended when the Russian converted her third championship point . It was the 25-year-old Russian 's first grand slam title since she won the Australian Open in 2008 . Since then Sharapova 's career has been hampered by serious shoulder injuries that forced her into a long rehab , but her winning form at Roland Garros will also see the Russian move above Belorussian Victoria Azarenka to take the No. 1 ranking slot on Monday . Saturday 's victory ensured Sharapova became just the 10th female player to complete a career grand slam to emulate the the likes of greats such as Steffi Graf , Martina Navratilova , Billie Jean King , Chris Evert and Serena Williams . The Russian won her first grand slam title at Wimbledon eight years ago , before going on to win the US Open in 2006 and then then Australian Open four years ago . "  It 's the most incredible feeling , " said Sharapova after her win in Paris . "  I 'm so happy . I 've worked so hard for this -- it took a lot to get to this stage and even more to win it . There are so many tough days where you feel like giving up , but you do n't . It 's been such a journey to get to this stage again . " If Errani 's impressive performances at Roland Garros -- featuring wins over two former champions and two members of the top 10 -- might not have had a fairytale ending , those rankings will provide some consolation for the Italian as she enters the top 10 for the first time . "  I do n't feel like top 10 , but I will be top 10 , and it 's incredible for me , " said Errani , who made only only hit 11 unforced errors during the final . "  I really ca n't believe it . I 'm so happy for everything right now . " Victor Sharapova made a point of praising Errani 's achievement in reaching the final . "  What an amazing tournament , " said the Russian . "  I 've watched you play the last two weeks and the way you 've performed . And the way you played today was extremely difficult for me . I know it was our first meeting , and I hope we play many more times . "	Maria Sharapova beats Sara Errani to win French Open final Russian completes collection of all four grand slam titles Saturday 's victory is Sharapova 's first grand slam win since 2008 The 25-year-old will be world No. 1 in the new rankings issued next week
CNN  -- Richard Matheson , a prolific American science fiction author and screenwriter whose stories were made into movies and TV episodes , has died . He was 87 . He died at his home in Los Angeles on Sunday , according to his son . "  As monumental as he is as a writer , he was every bit that as a husband , father , grandfather and friend , " Richard Christian Matheson said on his Facebook page . "  He was my hero and my best friend and I loved him deeply . I will miss him forever . I know we all will . " During a career that spanned more than 60 years , the elder Matheson wrote more than 25 novels and nearly 100 short stories , plus screenplays for TV and film . Several of his novels were made into movies . "  I Am Legend , " released in 1954 , inspired three films , including 2007 's movie of the same name that starred Will Smith . His 1956 novel "  The Shrinking Man " was adapted for the big screen , becoming "  The Incredible Shrinking Man . " Matheson was a major contributor to Rod Serling 's classic TV series "  The Twilight Zone , " penning more than a dozen scripts from 1959 to 1964 , including "  Nightmare at 20,000 Feet . " He also wrote for "  The Alfred Hitchcock Hour " and was the creative force behind the classic "  Star Trek " episode "  The Enemy Within . " Matheson 's death comes as he was about to be honored by the Academy of Science Fiction , Fantasy and Horror Films . He was to have received the organization 's Visionary Award at Wednesday 's annual Saturn Awards . "  Richard Matheson has been a singular voice in fiction , whose prolific written work is as unforgettable as the television and filmed entertainment it has inspired for more than half a century , " a statement on the academy 's website says . Fellow writer John Shirley counted Matheson among the best at the craft . "  He was just so influential . He raised the bar for writing thrillers ; he brought that high standard and sophistication to everything he did , " Shirley said on Facebook . "  And his works ... as books and movies , influenced me to have hope for meaning in life , and in the afterlife ... he affected my point of view on life . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Richard Matheson wrote more than 25 novels and nearly 100 short stories His book , "  I Am Legend , " inspired three films , including one starring Will Smith Matheson was to be honored by the Academy of Science Fiction , Fantasy and Horror Films He wrote episodes of "  The Twilight Zone " and "  Star Trek "
CNN  -- A couple convicted of tax evasion was taken into custody after a five-month-long standoff with federal agents in New Hampshire , a federal law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN . Ed and Elaine Brown , who had refused to surrender to authorities to serve their prison sentences , were taken into custody without incident Thursday evening by U.S. Marshals at about 8:00 p.m. . The Browns had been holed up in their concrete-reinforced home in Plainfield , New Hampshire . They were convicted of evading $ 1.9 million in taxes -- a crime punishable by up to five years in prison . The Browns were sentenced in absentia in April . Throughout the ordeal , the Browns insisted there was no valid law that requires them to pay income taxes . "  We have committed no crime and we will not go to prison for non-crimes , " Elaine Brown told CNN in June . Marshals cut off utilities to the house in early June , but the Browns told CNN it was not much of a hardship because they had their own wind turbine , as well as solar panels that provided some electricity . Also , their property covers more than 103 acres , so there was plenty of wood to keep them warm in the winter , they said . The couple and their New Hampshire home had become a rallying spot for anti-government supporters . Randy Weaver -- a survivor of the 1992 incident in Ruby Ridge , Idaho -- had recently visited the Browns to show his support . Over the summer , the Browns invited their supporters and friends to an outdoor party on their property that included live music , bocci and barbeque . Their online invitations asked attendees to "  stand in solidarity with the Browns against income tax fraud and celebrate freedom . " U.S. Marshal Steve Monier told CNN the service had no desire to engage in a violent confrontation with the Browns . "  But warrants are n't going away . They will serve their prison sentence , " he added . The Browns , who are in their 60s , now likely face a host of other charges . They accumulated the back taxes between 1996 and 2003 , in part from money made from Elaine 's private dental practice . Four people accused of aiding and abetting the Browns , including one man who allegedly provided security , were arrested and taken into custody in mid-September . E-mail to a friend	Browns were sentenced in absentia in April Couple had previously refused to surrender to authorities Browns have insisted no valid law required them to pay income taxes Couple 's N.H. home had become a rallying spot for anti-government supporters
Fears of a possibly nuclear-armed Iran took center stage early in Thursday night 's vice presidential debate between incumbent Democrat Joe Biden and his Republican challenger , Paul Ryan . "  When Barack Obama was elected , they had enough fissile material , nuclear material , to make one bomb . Now they have enough to make five , " Ryan said . "  They 're racing toward a nuclear weapon . They 're four years closer toward a nuclear weapons capability . " The Wisconsin congressman said Iran 's progress has sped along "  because this administration has no credibility on this issue . " Biden hit back by criticizing what he called "  bluster " and "  loose talk " about the issue , saying international sanctions are crippling the Iranian economy and that U.S. and Israeli officials believe Iran is "  a good way away " from getting the bomb . Fact Check : What about security in Benghazi ? The facts : Iran has greatly expanded its ability to produce nuclear fuel in the past four years , revealing a second uranium enrichment plant in 2009 and continuing to defy U.N. demands that it halt work until questions about its intentions are resolved . A bit of tech talk here : About three-quarters of 1 % of naturally occurring uranium is uranium-235 , the radioactive isotope used to produce a nuclear reaction . To produce fuel for nuclear power plants , that concentration has to be increased to 3 to 5 % , while research reactors use fuel with a U-235 concentration of about 20 % . To make a nuclear weapon , that concentration has to be increased to more than 90 % . As of May , Iran had produced about 6,200 kilograms  13,640 pounds  of power plant-grade uranium and 146 kilograms  320 pounds  of fuel at 20 % concentration , according to the International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. nuclear watchdog . Based on those figures , the Washington-based Institute for Science and International Security , estimated that Iran could produce enough weapons-grade uranium for five nuclear bombs . The organization , led by former U.N. weapons inspector David Albright , says Iran could build a crude bomb with 20-25 kg  44-55 pounds  of highly enriched uranium . However , it would take Iran more than two months to produce that amount if it started with 20 % - grade uranium , and "  several months " to make enough for a bomb using low-enriched uranium . That would give the world community enough time to detect the operation and organize a response , ISIS noted in June . And there 's more to building a bomb than just having the uranium , as Biden noted . ISIS estimated last week , that Iran would need "  many additional months " to develop a device that could be tested "  and even longer to make a reliable warhead for a ballistic missile . " Fact Check : Wind power , electric cars and the stimulus Iran has denied conducting any nuclear weapons research , insisting its nuclear program is for civilian purposes . The IAEA has verified that Iran has not diverted any of its declared uranium stock , but cautions that Iran "  is not providing the necessary cooperation " to verify that all nuclear work is peaceful . Israel has accused Iran of working toward a nuclear weapon , raising concerns that it could launch a preventive attack on Iranian nuclear facilities . Israel is believed to have its own nuclear arsenal , but has never disclosed whether it has the bomb -- and Iran has accused Israel and the United States of trying to sabotage its nuclear facilities . As for the United States , American intelligence agencies believe Iran "  is keeping open the option to develop nuclear weapons " but has not made the decision to build a bomb , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told a Senate committee in January . Conclusion : According to at least one widely circulated estimate , Iran could produce enough uranium for five bombs , as Ryan says . But the same estimate notes that it would draw attention if it did so , and that 's only part of the work necessary to make a weapon . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks	Ryan says Iran is "  racing " toward the bomb Biden says Tehran is "  a good way away " Iran insists its nuclear work is peaceful
CNN  -- A Massachusetts woman found guilty in the first-degree murder of her pregnant friend has been sentenced to life without the possibility of parole , according to Worcester Superior Court . Julie Corey , who was 35 at the time of the crime , was convicted in 2009 . She was found to have bludgeoned and strangled her friend , Darlene Haynes , 23 , before cutting the baby from the victim 's womb . Haynes ' body was found in her apartment on July 27 , 2009 . She was eight months pregnant at the time of her death . Days after the murder , Haynes ' baby was found with Corey in New Hampshire . DNA evidence and a fingerprint on a bottle at the crime scene tied Corey to the killing , the district attorney 's office said . According to trial testimony , Corey tried to pass the baby off as her own to family and friends , the statement said . "  It 's probably the most horrific case this office has seen , " said Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early Jr. "  This woman was killed for her baby . " "  There was no surprise in the sentence . It is a mandatory sentence under Massachusetts statutory law . A notice of appeal has been filed , " said Corey 's attorney , Michael C. Wilcox .	Julie Corey was convicted in 2009 of murdering her pregnant friend Darlene Haynes Haynes ' baby was found with Corey days after the murder Court says Corey tried to pass the baby off as her own Corey 's attorney says a notice of appeal has been filed
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- The men accused in the gang rape and killing of an Indian woman have been summoned to appear in court Monday to hear charges against them , authorities said Saturday . The fatal attack of the 23-year-old woman last month in New Delhi prompted protests over the country 's treatment of women and handling of sexual attacks . It also stirred worldwide outrage . The suspects will appear in a so-called "  fast-track " court in a southern New Delhi district , a Metropolitan Magistrates ' Court said , according to CNN 's sister network , CNN-IBN . Fast-track courts expedite cases in a court system bogged down by red tape . Five men were charged Thursday in a New Delhi court with murder , rape and kidnapping . Companion of rape victim : I begged attackers to stop Authorities were waiting for the outcome of a bone marrow test before deciding whether a sixth suspect in the attack will be charged as a juvenile or an adult . The trial will begin as soon as all of the evidence is gathered , said Suman Nalwa , deputy police commissioner of a unit for women and children . Indian rape debate : Why death penalty is no solution The case appears to have prompted changes in New Delhi law enforcement . India 's interior minister has ordered the city 's police stations to increase the number of women officers to facilitate the handling of complaints from women . Interior Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said Friday that each police station in Delhi should have 10 women constables and two women subinspectors . Read more : The perils of being a woman in India "  We will be posting these women very soon , according to this order , by diverting staff from other places and making them available in Delhi , " police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said . At present , women comprise 7 % of police forces , he said . Candidates will be recruited within four months , and training will take an additional nine months , he said . Bhagat denied that the directive was issued solely because of the rape , but said it is aimed at helping women . ` She could have been me ' : Action urged after gang rape case "  We need overall more women in the police station as other women feel more comfortable with female officers , " he said . "  If all women complaints are attended to promptly , situations like that of the gang-raped medical student may have been avoided . " The interior minister said he is working with security officials to strengthen laws regarding rape and assault . In the state of Haryana , about 80 miles northwest of Delhi , officials plan to publicize the profiles of rapists . The state will publish the names , addresses and case numbers of convicted rapists on a website . "  In doing so , we hope to curb crime against women , " said Laik Ram Dabbas , director of the state crime records bureau . The website could be active this month , Dabbas said .	The suspects will go before a so-called "  fast-track " court They were charged with murder , rape and kidnapping The incident occurred last month in New Delhi More women officers have been deployed to handle complaints in New Delhi
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The investigation into the suicide bombing that killed 17 people on Saturday suggests it was the work of the Pakistan-based Haqqani network , an Afghan official said Monday . "  We have some contacts and some evidence on the ground and some information about the vehicles used and the people used , " Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said , stressing that the results of the investigation were preliminary . "  This is another sophisticated attack by the operatives of the Haqqani network , and we are also optimistic to arrest some of their operatives in Kabul in the days ahead , " he said . However , a spokesman for international forces in Afghanistan , which lost nine troops in the attack , said they have no indications yet that the Haqqani network was involved . "  All we have seen so far is that the Taliban have claimed responsibility . That does n't necessarily mean that it was them , but we have no other indications , " said Brig. Gen. Cartsen Jacobsen . "  The case has to be looked at . " Another International Security Assistance Force spokesman , Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings , added that their intelligence at this point gave no indication of the involvement of the Haqqanis . The Saturday attack killed 13 people in a NATO convoy and four Afghan civilians . Nine of the 13 were American , including five U.S. troops . The blast also claimed the lives of two British civilians , a Kosovo national and a Canadian soldier . U.S. officials have been increasingly vocal about the threat posed by the Haqqani network in recent months , arguing the organization has ties to Pakistani intelligence and enjoys safe havens in the country from whence it is able to launch attacks across the border in Afghanistan . In September , then-U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen called the Haqqani network a "  veritable arm of Pakistan 's intelligence . " A Pentagon report on the war in Afghanistan released last week said that the ability of insurgents to flee to safe havens in Pakistan was the biggest risk to the effort to stabilize Afghanistan after nearly a decade of war . The report singled out the Haqqani network as one that has carried out major attacks . Founded in Pakistan to fight against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan , the Haqqani network has been blamed for killing more than 1,000 coalition and Afghan forces , including attacks on the U.S. Embassy and other targets in Kabul . Pakistani officials have rejected claims that they support the group , but acknowledge that they are in contact with it . This month , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton acknowledged that U.S. representatives met with Haqqani officials to discuss the possibility of negotiations that would end hostilities .	NEW : ISAF spokesmen say they have no indications Haqqani network was involved Interior ministry spokesman cites evidence about vehicles used , people involved U.S. officials have sounded alarms about the network and its ties to Pakistan
CNN  -- The hospital emergency room is the front door of the health care system . Most people will only have to visit a handful of times in their lives , but visiting an ER can be both a lifesaving and frightening experience . However , several myths prevail about what happens in the ER and what you can expect . Here are five that need to be declared DOA . Myth : The ER is not like TV Actually , television shows like "  ER " and even "  Scrubs " do not stray far from the truth . While it 's not like television all the time , the ER can be an exciting and dangerous place , as seen in many episodes . In fact , emergency nurses are frequently attacked , verbally and physically , by patients . A 2007 survey of more than 3,000 emergency room nurses found that more than half the nurses surveyed had been spit on , hit , pushed or shoved , scratched or kicked by patients . About a fourth of nurses said they had experienced more than 20 of these types of episodes over three years . However , I 've seen many of these same nurses chase and retrieve confused patients when they wander away . We handle these incidents with levity while in the trenches , but the truth is that the ER can be a very violent place to work , and there are few reporting mechanisms for these attacks . While drugs , alcohol and mental illness play a role in many incidents , this provides little solace after being assaulted in your workplace . If and when you come to the hospital , bringing empathy for the nurses and staff goes a long way . Myth : Patient satisfaction is our No. 1 priority Everyone is entitled to a courteous visit to the emergency room just as you are entitled to a courteous visit to Burger King . However , if you order a shrimp taco at a burger restaurant , you ca n't have it , no matter how upsetting this may be or how much you may want it . We probably wo n't be able to diagnose a skin rash that 's been present for three years , nor can we tell you exactly why your knee hurts if it 's not broken . The ER is designed to identify and treat time-sensitive conditions . As a patient , your only legal entitlement is to a medical screening exam , which essentially is for conditions that need to be remedied quickly in order to save your life . A 2012 study published in Journal of the American Medical Association showed that higher patient satisfaction scores are associated with higher health care expenditures and higher mortality . Patients frequently enter into the emergency department expecting antibiotics for the common cold or a CAT scan of the head . They equate patient satisfaction with "  customer satisfaction . " While it 's very trendy to say so , patients are not exactly customers . Physicians have a fiduciary role to maintain , as most of us know what can kill humans and are ethically and legally bound not to administer it . In many emergency departments , you may be able to demand more tests , but you should know that receiving them may not always be in your best interest . Myth : Obamacare will make my ER more crowded The real answer about how crowded a single ER will become this year is dependent on a lot of regional factors such as the number of primary care providers and the privileges of physician extenders  such as nurse practitioners and physician assistants  in a given state . I work in one of the busiest emergency departments in the country . We were busy in 2012 , 2013 , and we will probably be just as busy in 2014 . If people think they have an emergency , they come to the ER . Research has shown that most patients who come to the ER believe they have a life-threatening condition . Also , a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association showed huge overlap in the initial ER complaints of people with "  primary care treatable "  could have seen their doctor  conditions and those with truly emergent complaints . Any med student knows that chest pain from something as simple as acid reflux can be indistinguishable from that of a heart attack . The people who are in the ER with you , Obamacare or not , will likely believe they have an emergent condition . Myth : I should n't let the doctor put me in observation Actually , observation units are awesome . About a third of U.S. hospitals have them . These are dedicated patient care areas , typically staffed with emergency physicians , that are designed to rapidly treat or diagnose a handful of conditions like pneumonia , asthma , and chest pain . In hospitals without these units , patients with relatively simple conditions may be spread throughout the hospital . Patients in observation units generally stay between 16 and 24 hours . These dedicated areas have shown superior outcomes compared to traditional care in terms of length of stay , missed diagnoses and mortality . Further , as reported in Health Affairs , these units are so efficient that if they were instituted in the other two-thirds of hospitals , they would save our health system billions . Unfortunately , there have been reports of senior citizens being placed in "  observation status " and having received hefty bills from hospitals because of it . There was even a class action lawsuit against the Centers for Medicare and Medicare Services alleging that hospitals use "  observation status " to punish seniors by making them responsible for more of their bill . Even though this case was dismissed in 2013 , media outlets occasionally show stories of seniors who have large hospital bills related to "  observation status , " further perpetuating this myth . The reality is that while the issue remains very complex , the vast majority of Medicare receiving seniors  94 %  pay less under "  observation status " than if they were admitted under "  inpatient status , " according to the Department of Health and Human Services ' Office of Inspector General . Myth : The ER is first-come , first-served We do not go in order of arrival time . We use the tried-and-true triage system where sicker patients are seen first . Trust me when I tell you that you do n't want this any other way . If your loved one is shot in the face , you would want them to be seen first . You can not and will not be in control of the order of patients seen . No one in the emergency department has made an appointment . The national average length of stay for an ER patient is about five hours . During this stay , we can often obtain testing that would generally take you months to receive . Americans who are acutely ill actually visit their personal physician a minority of the time . As Emory University physician Dr. Stephen Pitts described in Health Affairs , emergency medicine physicians see 28 % of these acute visits , but make up less than 5 % of the physician workforce . I and many other practitioners of emergency medicine chose this specialty because of the "  help anyone , anytime , anywhere " aspect of the job . When you come to the ER , be prepared for some of the best medicine our health care system has to offer . This is not a jail ; everyone is free to leave if they are unsatisfied with the wait or availability of services , but rest assured , we will be happy to see you at any time for any complaint . The opinions expressed are solely those of Dr. Anwar Osborne .	Visiting an ER can be both lifesaving and frightening Knowing what to expect and what the ER can and ca n't do is helpful Observation units can be very helpful The ER is not first-come , first-served
CNN  -- My son Cole died two and a half years ago from neuroblastoma , a common childhood cancer , after suffering through multiple surgeries , chemotherapy injections and painful radiation therapy . These treatments  while standard for this type of cancer  were so barbaric and horrifying I would not wish them on my worst enemy . Nor would I wish him or her to have to live with the image of their child experiencing their gruesome side effects . Cole was just 5 years old . He left behind my wife Michelle and I , a heartbroken twin brother named Troy and his loving big sister Tara . Our family has been devastated by this loss . I miss my son every second of every day . By talking to many other parents who have lost children to childhood cancer , I have come to understand that this pain will last until I am gone . A week before Cole died in our arms , he looked up at me and said , "  I 'm not going to grow up to be or do anything . " Can you imagine hearing your child speak such words ? Fighting back tears , I promised my son he would do "  something big " someday . For two years now I have been fighting around the clock to fulfill my promise to my son . I do this in hopes that greater awareness will lead to desperately needed funding and research , so children can receive more humane treatments and have a better chance of survival , with fewer future complications . Pediatric cancer kills more kids in the United States than any other disease . And more than 11,000 children are diagnosed with cancer each year . Yet the National Cancer Institute devotes just 4 % of its budget toward pediatric cancer research . Surely these statistics speak of the dire need for increased funding to fight pediatric cancer . I began my mission to increase childhood cancer awareness in August 2012 . My dream was to see as much gold in September for Childhood Cancer Awareness Month as there is pink in October for Breast Cancer Awareness Month . The awareness generated by the breast cancer community has led to earlier detection , newer and improved treatments , and higher survival rates for those fighting breast cancer . I just wanted the same for kids fighting cancer . I started reaching out to officials at bridges , buildings and landmarks across the United States , asking that they light gold in September to help increase awareness . I was successful in getting many to agree : the Prudential Building , the Zakim Bridge and the TD Garden in Boston ; the battleship New Jersey and the Liberty Bridge in Greenville , South Carolina . Many others across the United States began to reach out to structures in their hometowns . Our movement to go gold in September even took root in countries such as Ireland , Australia , Canada and Switzerland . Last year , there was more gold displayed in September across the world than ever before , and we are just beginning . Please display gold this September to help shed light on the monster that afflicts so many of our children . Lighting gold is the first step toward greater awareness of childhood cancer -- awareness that will hopefully lead to increased funding , which will lead to more research , that will hopefully lead to a cure for all types of childhood cancer . But there is another reason to light gold : It helps to heal the hearts of parents such as myself who have lost children to cancer . It lets us know our children did not die in vain . It shows us our kids are not forgotten . My son received most of his treatments at Floating Hospital for Children at Tufts Medical Center in Boston . After my son died , I had a difficult time going back to Boston ; there were too many painful memories there . But last September , I returned to see many of the landmarks we had crossed and passed by so often illuminated with gold lights . I smiled , with tears streaming down my cheeks , looking at the buildings and bridges shining gold and thought : You are doing "  something big " Cole !	Tony Stoddard 's son Cole died at age 5 from neuroblastoma , a common childhood cancer Stoddard promised Cole he would do "  something big " someday He 's asking buildings to light up with the color gold in honor of childhood cancer awareness
CNN  -- India batsman Sachin Tendulkar became the first player in history to score 2,000 runs at the Cricket World Cup , as the hosts eased to a five-wicket win over the Netherlands on Wednesday . Chasing a target of 189 runs to win , India booked their place in the quarterfinals of the tournament with 13 overs to spare in Delhi . Tendulkar , 37 , was playing in his 40th World Cup match and reached a score of 27 before he was caught by Bradley Kruger off the bowling of Pieter Seelaar . Nicknamed "  the little master " , Tendulkar made his World Cup debut in 1992 and has hit five centuries and 13 fifties in cricket 's premier 50-over competition . Dutch skipper Peter Borren was top scorer for the minnows as he registered a score of 38 off 36 deliveries . Zaheer Khan was the pick of the Indian bowlers with three wickets for just 20 runs as Netherlands were dismissed inside 47 overs . India made an awkward start to their response after three wickets from Seelar left the hosts in a worrying position on 82 for three . But left-handed batsman Yuvraj Singh steadied the ship for India with a half-century off 73 balls . The victory leaves India top of Group A with seven points and assured of their place in the next phase of the competition .	India beat Netherlands by five wickets to book their place in the quarterfinals Sachin Tendulkar becomes the first player to score 2,000 World Cup runs Tendulkar made his World Cup debut in 1992 and he has played in six tournaments The win leaves India top of Group A with seven points and assured of a last eight place
CNN  -- The Marine Corps ' top officer says he would want to avoid housing gay and heterosexual Marines in the same rooms on base if the ban on gays openly serving in the military is lifted . "  I would not ask our Marines to live with someone that 's homosexual if we can possibly avoid it , " Marine Commandant Gen. James Conway told a Web site in an interview posted Friday . "  And to me that means we 've got to build -LSB- barracks -RSB- that have single rooms . " Asked about the possibility of gay and straight Marines living together , Conway told the site Military.com that he would "  want to preserve the right of a Marine that thinks he or she would n't want to do that -- and that 's the overwhelming number of people that say they would n't like to do so . " Conway said the Marine Corps is the only branch of the armed services that houses two to a room . On Thursday , Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced that the Pentagon will start to ease its enforcement of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy prohibiting homosexuals from serving openly in the military . Among other things , Gates said the Pentagon is raising the threshold for what constitutes an appropriate level of information necessary to launch a "  credible inquiry " into allegations of homosexual behavior . The change , which will take effect in 30 days and apply to all current cases , is a reflection of "  common sense " and "  common decency , " Gates said . "  These changes reflect some of the insights we have gained over 17 years of implementing the current law , including the need for consistency , oversight and clear standards , " Gates said . President Obama and Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , support a legislative repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " which was first enacted in 1993 . Some senior members of the military , however , have expressed concern over the impact of the ban 's repeal on unit cohesion and morale , among other things .	Marine Commandant Gen. James Conway says he would n't ask Marines to live with gays He says "  overwhelming number of people " do n't want to share quarters He says Marines only branch of the armed services that houses two to a room
