CNN  -- An unapologetic Donald Trump insisted Sunday that he is "  the least racist " when pressed as to whether racism motivated his recent focus on President Obama 's birth certificate and academic qualifications . The millionaire-turned-television host spoke with CNN 's Don Lemon about the White House Correspondents Dinner and whether a presidential bid was in the offing , before the conversation turned to matters of race and comments made earlier in the day by CBS ' "  Face the Nation " host Bob Schieffer . Schieffer 's comments were in response to Trump 's public questions about Obama 's academic degree . "  The word is , he was n't a good student and he ended up getting into Columbia and Harvard , " Trump said recently . "  I 'd like to know : How does he get into Harvard , how does he get into Columbia if he is n't a good student ? " Referencing those comments , Schieffer said on his Sunday program , "  that 's just code for saying ` he got into law school because he 's black . ' This is an ugly strain of racism that 's running through this whole thing . " Schieffer 's statement referenced an internet meme that has grown rapidly in recent weeks , fueled by comments from public personalities , like "  The View 's " Joy Behar and Whoopi Goldberg , other media personalities and academics . "  Racism by inference " is how African-American professor Michael Eric Dyson , also on "  Face the Nation , " described it . "  Skepticism about black intelligence and suspicion about black humanity have gone hand in hand throughout the history of this country in feeding the perception that black people do n't quite measure up , " he said . "  He is standing in for the rest of us as African-Americans , " Dyson added . "  We are constantly questioned as to our legitimacy - whether we belong or not . " But when Lemon questioned Trump Sunday night about race stereotypes , he insisted , "  I am a wonderful person as far as you would be concerned as to race . And I think everybody that knows me knows that . " Trump said repeatedly that people who know him "  would laugh " at the suggestion that he is racist . Lemon also asked Trump about his recent use of the term "  the blacks " to refer to black people . But Trump said the issue was a diversion . "  I have many , many black friends who said to me , ` absolutely not a problem . ' ... The fact is , I wan na focus on jobs , the economy ... that nations are laughing at us and taking our money and taking our jobs and ripping us off . " But anti-racism activist Tim Wise said Trump 's tactic is the latest move in an old game . "  This is part of a long-standing , white conservative narrative that people of color are getting things they do n't deserve because of affirmative action or racial handouts , " Wise told Lemon after Trump 's interview . "  So either Donald Trump is either the most uninformed individual in the western world because he does n't know how his comments fit that narrative ; or he knows full well what he 's doing and he is deliberately pushing these buttons of racial resentment . " David Buck , of Buck Davis and Company , was more sympathetic to Trump . "  When a white man with privilege questions a black man 's intelligence it sounds very racist and sounds very stereotypical , " Buck said . "  He probably is a wonderful man . He 's a very smart man . But it 's a prime example of how a wonderful , smart man could make a mistake . "	Trump insisted he is "  the least racist " when questioned by CNN 's Don Lemon He was responding to allegations that racism motivated his questions about Obama 's degree , birth certificate African-American academic told CBS program that Trump used "  racism by inference "
CNN  -- A bus carrying members of a Marine Corps Reserve unit overturned at an Alabama military base Sunday , leaving 23 Marines injured , four of them critically , the military said in a news release . A bus overturned Sunday in Alabama , injuring 23 Marines , the military said . The passengers , members of E Company , Anti-Terrorism Battalion , 4th Marine Division , had been taking part in a training exercise at Fort Rucker , an Army post outside Ozark , Alabama . They were departing the range at 9:20 a.m. when the accident occurred . The unit is made up of reservists from Tallahassee , Florida , and Bessemer , Alabama . The injured were from First and Headquarters Platoons out of Bessemer , a Birmingham suburb . By mid-afternoon , 11 of the injured had been released to their unit from the hospital . Pictures of the wreck were provided to the news media by the military . Ozark is about 175 miles south of Birmingham . E-mail to a friend	Bus carrying Marine Corps Reserve unit overturned at Alabama military base 23 Marines have been injured ; four critically , the military says E Company , Anti-Terrorism Battalion , 4th Marine Division , was involved The accident happened Sunday morning , officials said
CNN  -- President Bush had a "  relaxed " and "  friendly " meeting with President-elect Barack Obama after he and first lady Laura Bush welcomed their successors to their future home Monday , a White House spokesman said . President Bush and Laura Bush welcome Barack and Michelle Obama to the White House on Monday . "  The president and the president-elect had a long meeting , described by the president as good , constructive , relaxed and friendly , " White House press secretary Dana Perino said in a statement . "  The president enjoyed his visit with the president-elect , and he again pledged a smooth transition to the next administration . " Perino said the two discussed national and international issues but did not provide specifics of the conversation . Bush also gave Obama a tour of the White House 's living quarters , including the Lincoln bedroom . Bush and Obama held a private meeting in the Oval Office , while the first lady gave incoming first lady Michelle Obama a tour of the residence . The president and president-elect walked together along the Colonnade by the Rose Garden before entering the Oval Office together . They briefly waved to reporters along the way . Obama and Bush were not expected to speak on camera after their meeting . The two met in the Oval Office for just over an hour . When President George H.W. Bush hosted President-elect Bill Clinton after the 1992 election , the two talked for nearly two hours . Monday 's meeting was a historic formality , but it was also a time for serious talks . It marked the first time Obama has visited the Oval Office . Watch Bush welcome Obama to the White House " Bush and Obama "  had a broad discussion about the importance of working together throughout the transition of government in light of the nation 's many critical economic and security challenges , " said Stephanie Cutter , spokeswoman for Obama 's transition team . "  President-elect Obama thanked President Bush for his commitment to a smooth transition , and for his and first lady Laura Bush 's gracious hospitality in welcoming the Obamas to the White House , " Cutter said . A day earlier , a leader of Obama 's transition team said the president and president-elect were expected to discuss "  a broad range of issues , " focusing on the economy . "  It 's clear that we need to stabilize the economy , to deal with the financial meltdown that 's now spreading across the rest of the economy . The auto industry is really , really back on its heels , " transition team leader John Podesta told CNN 's "  Late Edition " on Sunday . Podesta said Obama will push Congress to enact "  at least part " of an economic package before he takes office in January , but said the problems Americans face need short - and long-term approaches . The president and president-elect also were expected to talk about national security and the war in Iraq . Go inside the Oval Office Despite the negative tone of the campaign season -- in which Obama frequently campaigned against what he called Bush 's "  failed policies " -- Bush has pledged to do everything he can to make sure they have a smooth transition . iReport.com : What 's your message for Obama ? "  When I called President-elect Obama to congratulate him on his historic victory , I told him that he can count on my complete cooperation as he makes his transition to the White House . Ensuring that this transition is seamless is a top priority for the rest of my time in office , " Bush said in his radio address this weekend . Podesta said cooperation with Bush administration officials has been "  excellent " since Tuesday 's election . Watch more on the transition to power " Obama said he was "  gratified by the invitation " to meet with the president and his wife . "  I 'm sure that , in addition to taking a tour of the White House , there 's going to be a substantive conversation between myself and the president , " he said at a news conference Friday . "  I 'm going to go in there with a spirit of bipartisanship and a sense that both the president and various leaders in Congress all recognize the severity of the situation right now and want to get stuff done , " he said . Given their drastically different views on foreign policy , Mark Preston , CNN 's deputy political editor , predicted an "  uncomfortable meeting at best . " Watch CNN 's Mark Preston talk about the meeting " "  Let 's not forget that Barack Obama ran against President Bush every day when he was taking on John McCain . While they will be cordial , I bet you it will be uncomfortable , " Preston said . As the president and president-elect met in the Oval Office , Perino gave Robert Gibbs a tour of the White House press office . Gibbs was the communications director for Obama 's presidential campaign . He has not officially been named the incoming press secretary , but he is widely considered the top contender for the position . Cutter said that after Laura Bush gave Michelle Obama a tour of the residence , the first lady and her successor discussed raising daughters in the White House . "  Mrs. Obama was honored to finally meet the first lady , who was a gracious hostess , " Cutter said .	NEW : President Bush calls meeting with President-elect Obama "  constructive " Laura Bush gave Michelle Obama a tour while president , Obama met Bush and president-elect were expected to discuss "  broad range of issues " Obama campaigned against what he called Bush 's "  failed policies "
New Delhi  CNN  -- A man from India died in Pakistan early last week from a beating he took in jail there days before . The day after his passing , a Pakistani inmate received a beating in an Indian prison . He died Thursday , a government official in India said . Some are calling it a revenge attack , something that CNN can not confirm . Sarabjit Singh was incarcerated in Lahore , after a Pakistani court convicted him of spying for India in connection with terror attacks in Pakistan in 1991 . Singh 's family has maintained he was innocent . He was sentenced to death . Late last month Singh was hurt in "  a scuffle with fellow inmates , " according to Pakistan 's foreign affairs ministry . The apparent dust up was intense enough to put him into a coma . When he died in a hospital , India 's government expressed "  great anguish " over the violence . "  This was , put simply , the killing of our citizen while in the custody of Pakistan jail authorities , " the Indian Ministry of External Affairs said in a statement . "  The criminals responsible for the barbaric and murderous attack on him must be brought to justice , " demanded Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in a statement . India 's media erupted with indignation . "  India outraged over Sarabjit 's murder " read a headline in The Pioneer . "  Sarabjit Singh butchered by our enemies , " read another in The Times of India . There were claims that the death row inmate 's killing had been planned and reports that his organs went missing after his death . Pakistan 's ministry of foreign affairs confirmed there was an autopsy . It is not unusual for a pathologist to remove organs in the process . The postmortem revealed that Singh had died of cardiac arrest on May 2 , caused by the trauma he had suffered , Pakistan 's foreign affairs ministry said . Counter attack ? On May 3 , Pakistani citizen Sanaullah Ranjay was attacked in an Indian jail in Jammu and transferred in critical condition to a hospital in Chandigarh . After days in a coma , he passed away Thursday . "  He had multiple organ failure due to severe head injury , " the hospital said in a statement . Pakistan 's foreign affairs ministry reacted to Ranjay 's death with indignation . "  The brutal manner in which Sanaullah was attacked in the jail is most unfortunate and a matter of deep concern for the Government of Pakistan , " the ministry said in a statement . Like their counterparts in India , they , too , demand an investigation into the prison killing and that the "  perpetrators of this heinous crime be brought to justice . " There has been little media resonance about the Pakistani inmate 's death in India . Singh 's remains have already been returned to India , where he was cremated , media there have reported . According to Islamic custom , the body of a deceased person should be buried within 24 hours of death . Indian and Pakistani diplomats have said they are in communication about transferring Ranjay 's remains back to his native town of Sialkot in Pakistan . History of strife Although ties between New Delhi and Islamabad have improved since tensions flared in the aftermath of the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai , the two deaths put a fresh strain on their delicate relations . India and Pakistan have fought several wars since their independence from British colonial rule more than 65 years ago . Though some may assume so , it is not yet clear if Ranjay 's killing was revenge for Singh 's . Many men have died of violence in jails . READ MORE : India expresses ` anguish ' over prisoner 's death in Pakistan CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Shaan Khan and Saima Mohsin contributed to this report	Some believe his killing was revenge for the killing of an Indian prisoner in Pakistan CNN can not confirm that the killings are related The two killings accentuate deep-rooted tensions between the two countries Both prisoners are beaten into comas before they die
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Three Chinese astronauts have returned safely to Earth after completing their country 's longest manned space voyage , with their mission hailed by their bosses as a "  complete success . " Nie Haisheng , commander of the Shenzhou-10 crew , was the first to emerge from the descent module after it touched down by parachute in an expanse of Inner Mongolian grasslands on Wednesday morning after 15 days in space . He was followed by Wang Yaping , the only female astronaut of the mission , and Zhang Xiaoguang . "  We are dreamers , and we have now fulfilled our dream , " Zhang was quoted as saying by the state media China Daily as saying . "  Our space dream knows no boundary , and our hard work will never cease . " Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli , watching a broadcast of the descent from the Beijing Aerospace Command and Control Center , congratulated the astronauts on behalf of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China . During its journey , Shenzhou-10 , whose name translates as "  Divine Vessel , " twice docked with the orbiting space station Tiangong-1  "  Heavenly Palace "  , once manually and once through an automated operation . The crew spent 12 days aboard the space station , conducting technical tests and medical experiments , while Wang delivered a physics lesson in zero-gravity via video link to more than 60 million Chinese middle school students . Tiangong-1 was launched in September 2011 with a two-year operational lifespan . The Shenzhou-10 's mission was the second and final manned voyage to the space station , following China 's first manned docking mission a year ago . It represented China 's fifth manned mission to space in a decade , and the first during the presidency of Xi Jinping , who took office in March this year . The mission has been broadly hailed by Chinese leaders and citizens alike as a prestige-building demonstration of China 's growing technological expertise , although some netizens have questioned the wisdom of a developing country pursuing an expensive space program . During a June 24 video call to the Shenzhou-10 crew , Xi told them that "  the space dream is part of the dream to make China stronger . With the development of space programs , the Chinese people will take bigger strides to explore further in space , " he said , according to state media . The Shenzhou-10 mission -- hailed by Zhang Youxia , commander-in-chief of China 's manned space program , as a "  complete success " -- is part of Beijing 's ambitious multi-billion dollar program to establish a manned space station by 2020 . China only sent its first astronaut into space in 2003 , but has made rapid advances in the intervening decade . Despite this , its space program is still yet to achieve capabilities reached by the U.S. and then the Soviet Union decades ago . China does not expect to put a man on the moon until after 2020 , but plans to send a more advanced space lab , Tiangong-2 , into orbit in 2015 .	Three Chinese astronauts return after their country 's longest manned space voyage Zhang Xiaoguang : "  We are dreamers , and we have now fulfilled our dream " Shenzhou-10 twice docked with the orbiting space station Tiangong-1 Part of ambitious multi-billion dollar program to establish manned space station by 2020
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. trade spokeswoman said Tuesday officials are looking into a recent New York Times report that said China has halted shipments of rare earth minerals bound for the United States and Europe . China is the world 's largest producer of rare earth minerals , which are crucial to making certain automotive and electronic products . "  We 've seen the news report and are seeking more information in keeping with our recent announcement of an investigation into whether China 's actions and policies are consistent with WTO rules , " said U.S. Trade Representative spokeswoman Nefeterius Akeli . Citing three unnamed industry officials , the New York Times reported Chinese customs officials began imposing shipment restrictions Monday morning . It was not immediately clear whether all shipments were stopped , or whether some were being allowed through , the newspaper reported . The move , if true , would strain the already stressed trade relationship between the United States and China . U.S. trade officials recently said they would launch an investigation into whether China subsidizes and protects its clean energy producers in violation of World Trade Organization rules . "  We strongly support USTR 's investigation into whether China is blocking exports of critical minerals to the U.S. , " said Rep. Sander Levin , D-Michigan . He is also the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee . "  If China is found to be blocking shipments of these critical minerals in retaliation to the U.S. investigation ... of Chinese practices regarding green technology , then China 's blockade would require the U.S. to immediately challenge these actions as WTO inconsistent , " he added . The New York Times also reported that China has been blocking shipments of rare earth minerals to Japan for the last month . CNN 's Bob Kovach contributed to this report .	The NY Times reports China has stopped shipments of rare minerals for U.S. , Europe A U.S. trade spokeswoman says officials are seeking more information The move , if true , would strain already stressed trade relations
CNN  -- Internazionale moved up to second place in Italy 's Serie A with a dour 1-0 victory over Cagliari on Saturday that put the defending champions within two points of rivals AC Milan . Defender Andrea Ranocchia was credited with the only goal in the seventh minute in an unconvincing warm-up for Wednesday 's Champions League final rematch with Bayern Munich . AC Milan , beaten by English club Tottenham in Tuesday 's last-16 , first-leg tie in Europe 's top club competition , will look to bounce back with victory at Chievo on Sunday . Napoli can regain second place with victory at home to Catania . Inter caught the Cagliari defense unawares for the early winner , as a quickly-taken free-kick by Samuel Eto'o set up a chance for Goran Pandev , whose blocked shot was returned goalwards by on-loan Morocco midfielder Houssine Kharja and into the net off Ranocchia . It was the 23-year-old Italy international 's first goal since joining from Genoa last month . Gattuso says sorry for Jordan ` head-butt ' It proved to be a match of few clear-cut chances as Inter missed the creativity of playmaker Wesley Sneijder , who was rested after injuring his groin in Wednesday 's 2-1 win over Fiorentina . Coach Leonardo also left out Brazil defender Lucio ahead of German club Bayern 's visit to the San Siro . "  We struggled a bit but the main thing is that we got the three points , " Inter fullback Maicon told the club 's website . "  AC Milan ? We 're just concentrating on ourselves , but having us breathing down their necks wo n't make things easy for them . And now we can focus on the Champions League . " The defeat left former Italy coach Roberto Donadoni 's Sardinians in ninth place , 17 points off the lead . Seventh-placed Palermo 's hopes of qualifying for the European Champions League were dented by a 1-0 defeat at Bologna in Saturday 's only other Serie A match . The visitors played the final half-hour with only 10 men after Santiago Garcia was booked for the second time , and Bologna took advantage as substitute Daniele Paponi headed the only goal in the 90th minute . The result left Palermo five points behind fourth-placed Lazio , who host bottom club Bari on Sunday . Bologna took a big step towards safety , moving 10 points clear of the relegation zone .	Inter Milan give the city the top two places in Serie with 1-0 win over Cagliari Defending champions now just two points adrift of rivals AC Milan , who play Sunday Inter battle to win ahead of Champions League final rematch with Bayern Munich Seventh-placed Palermo beaten by Bologna after having a player sent off
CNN  -- When it comes to competing on "  The Bachelorette , " you ca n't blame a guy for trying . And try runner-up Nick Viall did -- by slipping a letter to Andi Dorfman after she had selected contestant Josh Murray to receive her final rose . Following Monday 's finale in which Dorfman dumped Viall , much was made about the letter he had written to her after their breakup . The letter has now gone viral after the show posted it on its Facebook page . In it , Viall pours out his feelings for Dorfman . "  You lit me up , " he wrote . "  You made me feel those things that people go a lifetime to find , and I feel like I made you feel the same . " Viall continued , "  I fully realize that in the end I could have been wrong about what we had . While it 's hard to accept , I totally realize that it 's a possibility . With that being said , when I think about the relationship that we had , very few things in my life have felt more real . " Not at all awkward , given that Dorfman is now engaged to Murray , right ? Viall let it be known that if that relationship does n't work out , Dorfman still has a shot with him -- though he made no promises about a happy ending . Rather , he said , he was "  not going to say that if by some miracle you changed your mind and were willing to give us a shot that we would definitely make it . I do n't know that . " "  I think that if we were willing to trust each other , be totally vulnerable with one another , and follow our hearts , we would have a great chance , " Viall wrote . "  What I could promise you is that if we did make it , we would be anything but good . It would be exciting , sometimes even hard , but definitely great . " The Chicago-based businessman has proven to be a contestant who is willing to share . During the "  After the Final Rose " ceremony , Viall appeared to break the unspoken "  Bachelorette/Bachelor " code of revealing that he and Dorfman had been intimate during their fantasy suite time . At least Viall ended his letter on a hopeful note . "  I realize I have to move on and I mean it when I say that if you 're truly happy with your decision and I have n't been a thought on your mind , then I want that happiness to continue for you , " he wrote . "  If I have to move on , I will look to find amazing with someone else . ... I just know I would much rather turn my life upside down and risk it all to have amazing with you . "	Nick Viall 's letter to Andi Dorfman has gone viral He wrote to "  The Bachelorette " after she dumped him Viall makes his case for why they should be together
CNN  -- Brazilian firefighters called off their search for survivors Monday , one day after a church roof collapse in Sao Paulo killed at least nine people and injured more than 100 others . Firefighters work early Monday at the site of a church roof collapse in Sao Paulo , Brazil . All those listed as missing have been located , and officials said they believe they will not find any more victims , BandNews FM said on its Web site , citing Ronaldo Marzagao , Sao Paulo 's assistant secretary of public security . On its Web site , the public relations firm handling communications for the church , Brickmann & Associados Comunicacao , listed the names of nine fatalities and more than 100 parishioners being treated at 15 hospitals . The youngest fatality was 15 years old ; the oldest was 80 , the agency said . Officials had no comment on what caused the collapse at Reborn in Christ Church , a popular evangelical congregation in the heart of Brazil 's largest metropolis . The incident took place at about 7 p.m. Sunday  4 p.m. ET  . Earlier Monday , firefighters used search dogs to comb the rubble . Several hundred worshippers were attending Sunday evening services at the evangelical church when the structure 's concrete roof fell in on them . Witnesses told Record TV that they felt a strong wind followed by a blast -- after which , as one put it , the roof collapsed "  like dominoes . " Swarms of church members crowded the scene Monday , many of them praying for loved ones as bodies were pulled out . At the time of the collapse , victims were treated on the pavement in makeshift emergency care units , while others in critical condition were rushed off to nearby hospitals . Attendance at U.S.-style evangelical churches has mushroomed in Brazil , challenging the long-dominant Roman Catholic Church , with rousing Sunday worship services . Reborn in Christ is one of the largest congregations in Sao Paulo . Helena DeMoura contributed to this report for CNN .	NEW : Brazilian firefighters call off search for survivors NEW : Death toll rises to nine in church roof collapse Concrete roof fell during service at evangelical church , authorities say Church hosts one of largest congregations in Sao Paulo , Brazil
Baghdad  CNN  -- Nine bodyguards for Iraq 's finance minister have been arrested , Abdul Sattar al-Berqdar , a spokesman for the Supreme Judicial Council , told Iraqi state TV on Friday . The announcement came a day after Finance Minister Rafei al-Essawi , who is Sunni , told the opposition Sharqiya TV that 150 members of his staff and their guards had been kidnapped . But a spokesman for his office , who cited the sensitivity of the issue in asking not to be identified , said Friday that only the guards were detained , and that they were arrested , not abducted . In addition , the Supreme Judicial Council spokesman told Iraqiya state television that the security commander of the finance minister 's protection regiment was arrested Wednesday . Al-Berqdar told the channel that the security chief had admitted during interrogation that he committed "  terrorist " acts . The finance minister said Thursday that he holds Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki responsible for the safety of the people who were abducted when "  a militia force " raided his house , headquarters and ministry in Baghdad . The Shia-led Iraqi government says they were detained by police , not by any militia . Read more : 150 kidnapped from Finance Ministry , minister says Members of al-Essawi 's staff and guards were among those kidnapped Thursday from the ministry , the finance minister said . He also said that his computers and documents were searched at his house and headquarters . He said his security commander had been arrested Wednesday for unknown reasons at a Baghdad checkpoint and that the compound had no security . Al-Essawi , who has a large base of Sunni support , said he had tried without success to reach al-Maliki . "  My message to the prime minister : You are a man who does not respect partnership at all , a man who does not respect the law and the constitution , and I personally hold you fully responsible for the safety of the kidnapped people , " al-Essawi said Thursday . He called for the release of his staff and guards and for a no-confidence vote against al-Maliki in parliament . Al-Maliki on Friday rejected al-Essawi 's assertions , suggesting that some politicians chose to "  fabricate political crises " when they disagreed with the action taken by authorities , judicial or not . "  Based on arrest warrants issued by the Iraqi judiciary , a police force has carried out its duty and arrested 10 people of the finance minister 's bodyguards after checking their identities , and they are now in the custody of the Iraqi judiciary , " al-Maliki said in a statement issued by his office . "  We were very surprised by linking the issue of detainees with the political differences and even by trying to drag the whole country toward sectarian strife , " he said . The leader said the Iraqi people had already paid a high price for sectarian conflict and could not return to it , and he criticized the finance minister for calling the Iraqi security forces "  a militia force , " saying many of them had sacrificed their lives to achieve stability and security in the country . Earlier Friday , thousands of people in Falluja , a predominantly Sunni city west of the capital , protested the arrest of the bodyguards . The protesters also demanded the immediate release of those kidnapped . "  Stop this charade ! " they chanted in a reference to what they said were al-Maliki 's actions . The incident highlights a growing distrust between Sunni and Shiite politicians in Iraq , as well as concerns about the independence of Iraq 's judiciary . Read more : Iraqi president heads to Germany for medical treatment Deputy Prime Minister Saleh al-Mutlaq , who is Sunni , addressed reporters on behalf of the Iraqiya List , which won the largest number of seats in the March 2010 national elections . "  The Iraqiya List demands either to ensure the integrity and independence of the judiciary system in Iraq or it will withdraw completely from the Iraqi parliament and from the political process in general , " al-Mutlaq said . The multi-sectarian Iraqiya List , headed by former Shiite Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi , garnered most of the Sunni Arab vote . Sunnis largely boycotted the 2005 elections , leading to the emergence of a Shiite-led government . The move left the once-ruling minority disaffected , which contributed to years of bloody insurgency and sectarian warfare . The incidents follow the troubles of Iraq 's fugitive Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , who was sentenced to death in September , accused in the deaths of a lawyer and an army general . Al-Hashimi , who is Sunni and now lives in Istanbul , denies the charges and says the accusations are politically motivated .	Nuri al-Maliki rejects claims against him , says Iraq has seen enough sectarian strife Judicial spokesman says nine bodyguards and security chief have been arrested Iraqi finance minister says guards were taken from Baghdad offices Thousands protest in Falluja against arrests , call for release of those detained
Istanbul  CNN  -- Two Turkish journalists who were covering news and shooting a documentary in Syria are missing , Turkey 's Milat newspaper said Wednesday . Adem Ozkose , a columnist and war reporter for Milat and the Middle East correspondent for Gercek Hayat magazine , was working for both publications in Syria , the newspaper said in a statement . He and freelance cameraman Hamit Coskun were last heard from on Saturday , said Turgut Alp Boyraz , a member of the newspaper 's foreign editorial board . The two , who went to Syria about 11 days ago , notified the paper on Saturday they had arrived in Idlib in northern Syria , the paper said . "  Their relatives have not heard from them , " Boyraz said . "  We are all worried about them . " Turkey 's Foreign Ministry said it immediately instructed its offices to contact Syrian authorities "  to formally ask about the whereabouts or any kind of information they might have about these two journalists , " spokesman Selcuk Unal said . "  We are in touch with both the journal and the families . So far , Syrian authorities in Damascus have not been able to confirm anything , " he said . Turkey 's consulate general contacted the governor 's office in Aleppo on Tuesday night , he said , but "  we have not heard anything concrete back . "	Adem Ozkose and Hamit Coskun were last heard from Saturday Turkey is seeking information from Syrian authorities The Syrians "  have not been able to confirm anything , " a Turkish official says
CNN  -- Once again , the news from Afghanistan fills us with sadness and suggests that perhaps we should despair , that maybe it 's time to give up hope for the country . On Thursday morning , an Afghan guard allegedly opened fire at the gates of a hospital in Kabul , killing three Americans , including Chicago pediatrician Jerry Umanos and a father and son , also doctors , visiting the medical facility . Civilians have suffered the brunt of Afghanistan 's decades of turmoil , but when the killers target aid workers , people who have left their lives behind to come and help , their message is loud and painfully clear : "  Go away ! " In the anger , frustration and heartbreak that follow these attacks , I 've heard it many times , people declare : "  That 's it . It 's time to leave . " In today 's incident , the guard opened fire on a group of five doctors as they walked from the gate to the building housing the hospital run by CURE International , a Christian charity that says it came to Afghanistan in 2005 at the invitation of the Afghan government . CURE says it treats patients without regard to religion , gender or ability to pay . The hospital specializes in child and maternity care . Umanos had worked in Afghanistan since 2005 . His colleagues say he loved the country . In addition to treating Afghan patients , Umanos helped train Afghan physicians , a key requirement for building a country that eventually can become independent and self-sustaining . Attacks against foreigners have been on the rise in Afghanistan . Earlier this month , two journalists from The Associated Press were shot . Photographer Anja Niedringhaus was killed . In January , a Taliban suicide bomber blew himself up in a restaurant popular with foreigners , killing 21 people , most of them expatriates working for the local university , the United Nations , and the International Monetary Fund -- all trying to help Afghanistan rebuild . Last month , Taliban gunmen burst into the restaurant in Kabul 's Serena Hotel , killing nine people , including women , children and several foreigners , some in the country as international observers for the April 5 presidential elections . What to do ? There is no more difficult decision for a humanitarian organization than pulling up stakes under fire . It 's a choice each group makes considering its own circumstances , just as individuals choose how much risk to take for a cause they believe worthwhile ; just as news executives anxiously decide how close to the line of fire to send their journalists . You could hear the pain in the voices of Doctors Without Borders  MSF  leaders last year , for example , when the group announced it was leaving Somalia after 22 years as "  a direct result of extreme attacks on our staff , " occurring while , the organization said , civilian leaders were tolerating and condoning the killing and kidnapping of aid workers . Over the course of more than two decades , MSF staff had endured enormous risks . But , they said , "  We have now reached our limit . " What makes these decisions particularly difficult is that they victimize the people who suffer the most and they reward the brutality of perpetrators , people who blow up schools , shoot doctors , and massacre civilians . The latest tragedy in Kabul will undoubtedly prompt emergency meetings and anguished soul searching . Organizations working in Afghanistan will weigh the desperate needs of the Afghan people against the dangerous reality for their workers . Some may pull out . Others will strengthen security , while conscious that the latest victims were killed by their supposed protectors . There is no shame in leaving or cutting back . But there is one thought all who have worked in Afghanistan should keep in mind . There is one point that those who have been hurt there and the families of those who died in Afghanistan should always remember : It has not been in vain . Afghanistan is still a place where terrible things happen , and it is a country with a long and steep road ahead . But it is not what it once was . At the turn of the century , Afghanistan was a ruin of a state , a maelstrom of suffering ruled by the Taliban , who were succeeding in their effort to move their country to their pre-medieval ideal . The "  government " held public executions , often by stoning , in the local stadium . Afghanistan had become an international terrorist base , a place where modernity and freedom were banished . In 1998 , Physicians for Human Rights described Kabul as "  a city of beggars , " where women who had been doctors and nurses and teachers moved through the streets "  like ghosts " in their all-enveloping Burkas selling everything they owned to feed their children . PHR declared the Taliban 's threat to women 's rights as "  unparalleled in recent history . " Today , the Health Minister who described the attack to CNN is a woman , as are other cabinet members . Women can be found -- albeit in small numbers -- in most sectors of the country . And , incredibly , Afghanistan surprised even itself with a successful presidential election on April 5 . The results wo n't be known for a few weeks , a second round of voting will likely follow , but the verdict from the people is in with enormous force . Despite threats from the Taliban to punish anyone who participated , despite terrible or nonexistent roads and awful weather , Afghans went to the polls by the millions . One member of Parliament , Shukria Barakzai , told CNN , "  As much as they killed our children , our journalists and innocent women , we say now , we will go and vote . ... We want to see real change . " The next president , elected by the men and women of Afghanistan , will face a mountain of overwhelmingly difficult challenges . And he will do it while American troops pull out . He , and the people of Afghanistan , will continue to need help against individuals who are willing to shoot doctors to keep foreigners out , throw acid in girls ' faces to keep them from going to school , and massacre civilians in order to take power . There is no doubt that we will hear more sad news from Afghanistan . More people will die . But we should remember that those who have sacrificed have done it for something important , worthy . They have alleviated suffering and helped bring the prospect of a lasting , better future for the people of Afghanistan . It 's no time to despair .	Three American doctors killed by Afghan guard at Kabul hospital Ghitis : Our first reaction is to ask if it 's worth keeping aid workers in Afghanistan She says aid organizations face agonizing decisions about withdrawing staff Ghitis : There 's no doubt that Afghanistan is a better country than at start of century
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A father and mother showed heroism when a gunman opened fired inside their California home before dawn Saturday , but two members of the family could n't overcome their wounds , Inglewood police said . The mother ran from the house carrying her youngest child , though she was shot in both legs , in an "  extraordinary rescue attempt , " police said . The 4-year-old boy , however , was shot in the head and later died in surgery . The mother was in critical but stable condition Saturday afternoon . Inside the house , the father used his body as a shield in trying to protect the other three children . Despite the father 's efforts , the gunfire wounded two of his children : a 6-year-old boy in the pelvis and a 7-year-old girl in the chest . Both were in critical but stable condition , police said . The father later died in surgery of multiple gunshot wounds . The oldest of four children , an 8-year-old boy , was the sole family member who was n't injured , police said . "  What would motivate an individual to do this is inexplicable , " Inglewood Police Chief Mark Fronterotta said . Inglewood is adjacent to Los Angeles and its international airport . Police were conducting a manhunt for the suspect , who lived in a house in the rear of the property . That rear house was also set afire , believed to have been ignited by the gunman , police said . Police did not release names of the father , 30 ; mother , 28 ; or their children as of Saturday afternoon . The incident occurred about 4 a.m. Saturday when police received a report of 10 gunshots at the property . The fire department also received a call at the same time . Firefighters were hampered by fears that the gunman might have been armed in the rear residence , police said . Fallen power lines also hindered firefighting efforts . The suspect was described as a 55-year-old black man with a dark baseball cap and is 5-foot-6 and 160 pounds , police said . They later identified him as Desmond John Moses . The suspect wore a painter 's mask when he gunned down the family , the police chief said . Police did n't provide a motive . The suspect should be considered armed and dangerous , the police chief said . Police find body in burned California home after family killings	NEW : Police identify the suspected gunman as 55-year-old Desmond John Moses A mother runs from the house carrying her youngest child though she 's shot in both legs The 4-year-old boy , shot in the head , later dies in surgery The father died after using his body as a shield over his other children
CNN  -- Mike Cianciullo hated the stares . Whenever his family went out to eat , strangers ' eyes would follow -- gawking at the sizes of father and son , judging the food on their plates . At 5 feet 7 inches , Cianciullo weighed 321 pounds . His son , Matt , was 5 feet 3 inches and weighed 333 pounds . "  It 's like they 'd never seen a fat person before , " Cianciullo recalls . For Mike , the decision to go through with weight loss surgery was about stopping those stares , getting in shape and , most importantly , saving his son 's life . In denial When his dad first approached him about going to a weight loss clinic , 17-year-old Matt Cianciullo was hesitant . Unlike many children who are bullied because of their weight , Matt had a lot of friends and did n't really see his size as an issue . Matt was more concerned about his dad 's health . Mike was on medication for acid reflux disease , hypertension and high cholesterol . "  To think that , that young , I might lose him before I was 20 -- it 's not something you want , " Matt says . "  And I always thought if I kept going down the same path , I would be like him or worse . " Still , Matt was nervous . Surgery seemed dangerous . Maybe , he thought , I 'll just try dieting again . Fear stops many people from getting weight loss procedures done , says Dr. Carson Liu , the Cianciullo 's doctor and a bariatric surgeon in Los Angeles . But often the biggest obstacle is denial -- they do n't want to admit they ca n't do it on their own . "  The hardest thing for patients to do is pick up the phone and go see a doctor , " Liu says . "  They see it as a kind of defeat . " Bariatric surgery does n't help obese live longer , study finds There are several types of bariatric surgery . Most cost between $ 18,000 and $ 30,000 . Gastric bypass has been the "  gold standard , " Liu says , since the 1990s . With gastric bypass , a new stomach about the size of a golf ball is created laparoscopically by cutting across the top of the stomach and connecting the smaller pouch with the intestines . Mike knew about gastric bypass but did n't like how invasive it was ; he did n't know if he wanted to restructure his internal organs that way . Then he started seeing commercials for Lap-Band . The Food and Drug Administration approved Allergan Inc. 's Lap-Band Adjustable Gastric Banding System in February 2011 .  Liu sits on Allergan 's doctor approval board .  The first adjustable gastric band , Ethicon Edno-Surgery Inc. 's REALIZE , was approved in 2007 . Both bands are placed laparoscopically around the upper portion of the stomach in an outpatient procedure that generally takes 45 minutes to an hour . The devices can be tightened or loosened at subsequent doctor 's visits , helping patients "  feel full faster , eat less and lose weight . " And unlike gastric bypass , adjustable gastric band procedures can be easily reversed . The FDA has approved the Lap-Band for patients over 18 with a BMI over 40 , or patients with a BMI over 30 who also have a serious obesity-related condition like high-blood pressure or sleep apnea . Surgery no quick fix for obese teens Mike had a BMI of 50 . His son 's was 59 . "  With all the excess weight on him , it was putting so much stress on his heart , " Mike says . "  For me this would be a good thing . My son needed it . " Two years , 200 pounds Shortly after Father 's Day 2009 , Mike and Matt were ready for surgery . Mike was ready to give up the Italian food he loved as a child ; Matt was determined to no longer constantly eat just because he was bored . They had completed all the prerequisites . Liu asks patients to lose 5 to 10 pounds before undergoing anesthesia , to ensure they 're willing to make the serious commitment that 's forthcoming . He stresses that the Lap-Band is just a tool to help patients lose weight . "  The main thing we talk about is motivation , " Liu says . "  If they ca n't change their lifestyle , they are n't going to lose more than 30 to 40 pounds . " That might seem like a lot to some , but most who undergo the surgery have 80 to 100 pounds to lose . And if they do n't eat right and exercise , they 'll most likely gain it all back . The Cianciullos also knew about the risks . The FDA lists possible complications from the Lap-Band procedure : vomiting , difficulty swallowing , gastroesophageal reflux disease , abdominal pain , pulmonary embolism or leaking that could lead to death . Weight-loss surgery may raise risk of alcohol abuse Fortunately , their dual procedures went smoothly . Mike and Matt were on a liquid diet for two weeks after surgery , and then ate only soft foods for another two weeks . It would be several more weeks before they learned what they could eat and how much . "  You have to chew your food really well , 20 to 25 times before you swallow , " Mike says . "  The more fibrous vegetables , they do n't digest as well . The skin of peaches , apples , do n't digest well . " Carbohydrates are pretty much off-limits as well , Matt says . Before the surgery , he would usually have a sandwich , chips and soda or a few pieces of pizza for lunch . Now he eats maybe half a chicken breast and half a cucumber . Dinners used to be double servings . Now he orders off the kids ' menu at restaurants and can barely eat half . "  When food gets stuck , it 's painful . It feels like you 're having a heart attack or something , " Matt says . The results , though , have been phenomenal . Matt has dropped 160 pounds ; his dad has lost more than 100 . "  It 's been fun and exciting to watch them , " says his mom , Martha . "  They 're happy . Matt is always out now , compared to what he used to be . And my husband ... he likes to share his story with everybody . Even with people he does n't even know . " Matt was named Liu 's patient of the month . "  He was so shy and introverted , never looked people in the eye , " Liu says . "  When he lost 100 pounds he opened up and came out of his shell . Plus the guy ate chicken all day long . " Liu likes when family members tackle weight loss together . They motivate each other to stick with the diet , keep junk food out of the house and keep moving . Matt and Mike had a sense of competition -- when his dad was losing weight more quickly , Matt took up basketball to catch up . At 170 pounds , Matt is almost to his goal weight of 150 . He plans to swim more and try other activities that he could n't do when he was bigger . He also hopes to help other obese teens by sharing his story . Mike is working on reaching his goal weight as well . He knows as an adult it 's more difficult to lose the weight , but he keeps pushing forward . "  I really want to be as healthy as possible for my family . "	Mike Cianciullo and his son Matt were extremely obese , with BMIs over 50 The pair had Lap-Band surgery in 2009 and have since lost more than 200 pounds Having a family support system is great for weight loss surgery , doctor says
CNN  -- Andy Griffith 's death certificate says the actor died of a heart attack , after years of suffering from other illnesses , including coronary artery disease . The North Carolina native had long endured hypertension and hyperlipidemia , his certificate said , which can suggest high cholesterol or high triglycerides . The heart attack occurred about 24 hours before he died , the certificate says . Griffith passed away at 7 a.m. Tuesday morning and was buried less than five hours later . He was 86 . ` Mayberry ' remembers Andy Griffith Most known for his role as the sheriff of Mayberry on the CBS series "  The Andy Griffith Show , " Griffith "  has been laid to rest on his beloved Roanoke Island , " the family said in a statement issued Tuesday . He was buried in the Griffith Family Cemetery in Manteo , North Carolina . A member of the Televison Hall of Fame , Griffith also was inducted into the Christian Music Hall of Fame and Museum in 2007 . His 1996 album , "  I Love to Tell the Story -- 25 Timeless Hymns , " netted him a Grammy Award . Born in Mount Airy , North Carolina , in 1926 , he graduated from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1949 with a degree in music . He made his film debut in "  A Face in the Crowd " in 1957 and made his final film appearance in "  Play the Game " in 2009 . In between , he had two successful television series -- "  The Andy Griffith Show " and "  Matlock " -- and appeared in dozens of other TV shows and movies . Griffith is survived by his wife and two children . Officials , stars and fans react to his death Theme song part of Americana What we love about Andy Why we need our slice of Mayberry The Throwback : Sheriff Andy Taylor 's many women	Andy Griffith 's death certificate says the actor died earlier this week of a heart attack The North Carolina native had also long endured hypertension and hyperlipidemia Griffith suffered the heart attack about 24 hours before he died , the certificate said
Mental Floss  -- Most people know that condoms prevent the spread of HIV and sexually transmitted diseases  STDs  . Unusual campaigns to promote condom use are being launched in places where condoms are less popular . But in many parts of the world , condoms are n't very popular . Here are five novel campaigns launched by nonprofit organizations and condom companies to encourage wider use . 1 . A ring tone to remember In India , people stigmatize condoms and refuse to wear them because they believe only prostitutes must use prophylactics . Leave it to one of the world 's richest men to find a solution -- the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation donated money for a national condom ring tone . An a cappella group sings "  Condom , Condom " -- in the style of doo-wop like the contagious pop song "  Barbara Ann " -- when one receives a phone call . Despite its bubblegum sound , officials hope that the people who have the condom ring tone appear smart and responsible . Since the ring tone 's August launch , more than 60,000 people downloaded it . Yvonne MacPherson , country director of the BBC World Service Trust  which the Gates foundation funded  , sums it up best when she said to The Associated Press : "  A ring tone is a very public thing . It 's a way to show you are a condom user and you do n't have any issues with it . " Right , nothing attracts the amorous attention like announcing loudly that you have a condom . 2 . Perks you right up Ethiopians claim they hate condoms because the smell of latex sickens them . To combat the odor , DKT International , a United Sates nonprofit , created coffee condoms . These dark brown condoms allegedly  I 'm not testing the products  taste and smell like the favorite coffee of Ethiopia -- the macchiato , an espresso with cream and sugar . One college student claimed the smell reminded him of the beauty of Ethiopian women  it 's not clear if that 's a compliment  . These condoms bolster national identity because Ethiopians claim to have invented coffee . DKT International also created flavored and scented condoms for Indonesia  durian fruit  and China  sweet corn  . Mental Floss : 4 fruits we 're dying to try 3 . Condom trees In western Australia , the rate of HIV infection is the highest in the nation . When public health nurses were looking for an effective way to distribute condoms , someone suggested trees . Young people in the countryside hang out under trees , so the shady spots are the perfect places for nurses to hang condom-filled canisters . Over 3,000 condoms are taken each month . Residents said grabbing condoms from trees was convenient and private . Additionally , officials in Australia piloted programs where Aboriginal teens sold packets of condoms and kept half of the proceeds . Officials tout these programs as a success because STD rates have fallen , yet nurses wonder how they will convince people that they should n't have multiple partners . Maybe a monogamy tree is in the Outback 's future . Mental Floss : 8 smooches that  sort of  shook the world 4 . Scare tactics Perhaps some safe sex programs skirt the issue -- unprotected sex causes HIV , which leads to AIDS and often death . It 's not surprising that a condom company would resort to scare tactics . The Tulipan Company launched its "  Be Careful " ads in Argentina . Showing skeletons positioned in flagrante delicto , these ads make no bones about how important it is to wear a condom while engaging in coitus . No word if the skeleton ads have had the desired impact , though the graphic skeletons appear more popular than recent Trojan ads , which depict men as swine . Mental Floss : Strange gravestones 5 . Spray-on protection Since his teens , Jan Vinzenz Krause struggled to find a condom that fit correctly . He thought the pursuit of the perfect prophylactic was hopeless -- until he went to the carwash . Inspired by the spray-on soap and wax , the German Krause developed a spray-on latex condom , which he claims always fits perfectly and feels natural . However , many men find the design off-putting ; the spray-on condom comes in a hard phallic case . Men slide themselves into the cylinder and layer on the latex , providing full coverage . The Jolly Joe , as Krause dubbed it , frightened many men during the testing phase -- they only put the case on their fingers .  Spray on gloves anyone ? Others felt the loud hissing was n't sexy and the latex takes too long to dry -- three minutes . Krause explains to Time , "  It needs to be ready in five to ten seconds . " So for now , Krause is waiting for a quicker-drying latex . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Unusual campaigns are aimed at promoting condom use and fighting AIDS German develops spray-on condom named "  Jolly Joe " that dries in 3 minutes Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation pays for India 's "  condom ring tone " Australia promotes safe sex by hanging thousands of condoms in trees
The rare moments Christos Sourovelis can take a break from running his own painting business , he can be found toiling away on his family 's dream house in the suburbs of Philadelphia . "  I 'm a working guy . I work every day , six days a week , even seven if I have to , " Sourovelis says . One day this past March , without warning , the government took his house away , even though he and his wife , Markella , have never been charged with a crime or accused of any wrongdoing . "  I was so upset thinking somebody 's going to take my house for nothing . That makes me crazy , " Sourovelis says , shaking his head . The nightmare began when police showed up at the house and arrested their 22-year-old son , Yianni , on drug charges -- $ 40 worth of heroin . Authorities say he was selling drugs out of the home . The Sourvelises say they had no knowledge of any involvement their son might have had with drugs . A month-and-a-half later police came back -- this time to seize their house , forcing the Sourvelises and their children out on the street that day . Authorities came with the electric company in tow to turn off the power and even began locking the doors with screws , the Sourvelises say . Authorities wo n't comment on the exact circumstances because of pending litigation regarding the case . Police and prosecutors came armed with a lawsuit against the house itself . It was being forfeited and transferred to the custody of the Philadelphia District Attorney . Authorities said the house was tied to illegal drugs and therefore subject to civil forfeiture . In two years , nearly 500 families in Philadelphia had their homes or cars taken away by city officials , according to records from Pennsylvania 's attorney general . Authorities use a civil forfeiture law that allows them to seize people 's property when that property is connected to the sale of illegal drugs . CNN legal analyst and consumer attorney , Brian Kabateck , says the law is intended to protect the public . "  It discourages crime and it takes the ill-gotten gains away from the bad people . " But not all people who have their property taken away are charged with a crime . Unlike criminal forfeiture , the civil law allows authorities to seize property without the owner ever being convicted or even charged . In North Carolina property can be forfeited only if the property owner is actually convicted of a crime . This is not so in other states . Civil liberties attorneys with the Institute for Justice , who recently filed a class action lawsuit against Philadelphia authorities for abusing the law , say , "  Civil forfeiture is something that is an assault upon fundamental notions of private property ownership and due process . " But Kabateck disagrees , "  It 's a good law . It works . That does n't mean that it does n't sometimes have issues that need to be corrected . The system constantly has to change . " In Pennsylvania , the City of Brotherly Love is far and away the most aggressive in the state when it comes to people 's property . Over a four-year period , Allegheny County , the second largest county in Pennsylvania , filed about 200 petitions for civil forfeiture . Philadelphia filed nearly 7,000 petitions in one year alone , according to the class action lawsuit , in which the Sourvelises are plaintiffs , along with other Philadelphia citizens . Philadelphia officials seized more than 1,000 houses , about 3,300 vehicles and $ 44 million in cash , totaling $ 64 million in civil forfeitures over a 10-year period , according to the lawsuit . The very authorities taking the property appear to be profiting from it , according to Pennsylvania state records . The Pennsylvania Attorney General 's office says about $ 7 million went straight to the salaries for the Philadelphia District Attorney 's office and the police department in just three years . In that same time period , records show the D.A. 's office spent no money on community-based drug and crime-fighting programs , according to the Philadelphia AG 's office . The Philadelphia District Attorney 's office told CNN it seizes property only as a last resort , and added that it is limited in what it can currently say because of the pending litigation . "  In most cases the Public Nuisance Task Force does n't pursue forfeiture because the underlying issue with the real estate is resolved when a settlement agreement is reached with the property owner in which he or she agrees to take reasonable efforts to prevent future narcotics dealing from the property . " The DA 's office also says it works directly with citizens , the police , government agencies , and community groups in an effort to abate or close drug properties . Civil forfeiture can be used on the federal or state level . Only eight states -- Maine , Maryland , Missouri , Indiana , Vermont , North Carolina , Ohio and North Dakota -- require seized funds be placed in a neutral account . Other states allow law enforcement to directly profit from the civil forfeitures or put proceeds into a special crime fighting fund . In some states , like Pennsylvania , the burden is on the property owner to prove their innocence . The Sourvelises say they had to go to a courtroom and fight to get their home back where , instead of facing a judge , they faced a prosecutor from the DA 's office . There was no courtroom or judge , Christos Sourvelis says . "  There 's just one guy telling us to sign these papers . That 's it . " After eight days of sleeping on a family member 's couch , the Sourvelises were let back into their house , but only on the guarantee they would ban their son from the house -- a heartbreaking decision , they say .  Their son pleaded no contest to the drug charges . Still fighting the city to resolve their case and stay in their home permanently , Markella Sourovelis says : "  To me I 'm home , but I feel violated at this point . I 'm doing things in my house , but I worry is it always going to be my house ? Are they going to take it one day like that ? " The Philadelphia District Attorney 's office told CNN it strictly follows the state law in an effort to crack down on drug abuse . "  In these efforts we will follow applicable law to protect the rights of those involved -- not only drug dealers and those associated with them -- but the law-abiding citizens who are negatively affected by them . " Authorities : Drug ring targeting top suburban Philly schools busted	Sourovelis family ousted from their house They were not convicted of any wrongdoing Son pleaded no contest to drug charges , leading to house forfeiture
CNN  -- It turns out going to the moon is a tough act to follow . Astronaut Buzz Aldrin walks on the moon during the Apollo 11 mission in 1969 . For all their Buck Rogers , "  Right Stuff , " history-making achievements , the question for many of the 12 astronauts who walked on the lunar surface starting four decades ago ultimately became "  one giant leap to where , exactly ? " "  You have your peak experience at 38 or 39 , " says space historian Andrew Chaiken , summing up their collective experience , "  and -LSB- they -RSB- have a hard time coming up with something to do for an encore . " Apollo 11 lifted off from Cape Canaveral , Florida , on July 16 , 1969 . Four days later , the first two humans walked on the lunar surface ; 10 more Americans followed by the end of 1972 . In the 40 years since the Apollo program first took humans to the moon , the astronauts ' lives have taken diverse paths . Almost all had been military test pilots before joining NASA ; in later life , they found themselves ministers , politicians and conspiracy buffs . Some struggled with common issues : Many of their marriages fell apart and alcoholism affected at least one . In possibly the most extreme case of post-Apollo readjustment , Buzz Aldrin -- the second human being to set foot on the moon -- became a car salesman in Texas . "  Not very successfully , " the 79-year old Aldrin quickly acknowledges . The Apollo 11 lunar module pilot 's post-flight battles against depression and alcoholism have been well-documented , most recently in his own memoir , "  Magnificent Desolation . " As for a brief stint hawking Cadillacs in the late 1970s , Aldrin told CNN Radio , "  Most people who have received a degree of public recognition find themselves financially pretty well off . Does n't happen to be the case with astronauts . " Others took more existential , even spiritual , approaches to dealing with their lunar experiences . Apollo 15 Lunar Module Pilot Jim Irwin left NASA and became a Baptist minister . Apollo 14 crewman Edgar Mitchell spent years investigating possible extraterrestrial life ; in April , he went public with claims of a government cover-up . Apollo 12 moonwalker Alan Bean , now 77 , has spent the intervening decades since his 1969 landing putting his impressions of the lunar experience on canvas . "  That 's How It Felt To Walk on the Moon " is the title of one his paintings , which now fetch starting-prices of $ 20,000 . "  These paintings are the only paintings in history from anywhere else but this Earth , " Bean told CNN . Not all the Apollo astronauts ' post-flight journeys have been so ethereal . America 's first man in space , Alan Shepard , who later walked on the moon in 1971 's Apollo 14 mission , became a millionaire businessman . Apollo 17 's Harrison Schmitt -- a geologist at the time , and the only scientist to make the lunar journey -- served a term as U.S. senator from New Mexico , but was defeated in a run for re-election in 1982 . Apollo 11 command module pilot Michael Collins served as a top official at the Smithsonian Institution and its National Air and Space Museum . And the first man to leave footprints in the lunar dust , Apollo 11 Commander Neil Armstrong -- aside from geologist Schmitt , the only other civilian in the collection of moonwalkers -- later sat on several corporate boards and the presidential commission that investigated the 1986 Challenger space shuttle disaster . Armstrong is also known for a series of disputes over autographs , which he long ago stopped signing because he discovered his signature was being sold for profit . He also sued Hallmark in 1994 for featuring his famous "  One small step " quote in a space-themed Christmas ornament . News reports say the suit was settled out of court for an undisclosed amount . Armstrong 's haircuts also became famous . In 2005 , he threatened legal action after learning his longtime barber had sold a lock of his hair for $ 3,000 . All part of the territory , says Chaiken . His book "  Voices From the Moon " is based upon interviews with the surviving Apollo astronauts , and he concludes there 's no "  lunar syndrome " that 's sent the moonwalkers down paths odder than any dozen former colleagues in other lines of work . "  I think the whole subject of the effects of going to the moon is something that gets overstated , " Chaiken says . If there is a common emotion among the astronauts , four decades after the Apollo achievement , it may be simple disappointment over space exploration -- or the lack of it . "  It 's all fallen apart , " Aldrin says , talking about what may prove a half-century gap between American lunar landings . "  We have just taken the wrong pathway . " Chaiken agrees this is a near-universal astronaut refrain . "  They really have never expected that it would be this long . That here we would be -- 40 years after the first moon landing -- still wondering when humans will return to the moon . I think they 're all frustrated by that . " CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	A dozen men walked on the moon , and each later followed a different path Historian says they have a "  hard time coming up with something to do for an encore " Buzz Aldrin briefly worked as a car salesman in Texas Neil Armstrong sued Hallmark over its use of his "  one small step " quote
London  CNN  -- Tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran have increased this year , particularly over Bahrain and Syria , and relations are likely to worsen on the news of the alleged Iranian plot to assassinate the Saudi ambassador in Washington . But ironically , the rise of more representative governments in key Arab countries poses risks to both Iran and Saudi Arabia . While each country will seek to defend its allies against uprisings  for Saudi Arabia , the Bahraini ruling family ; and for Iran , the Syrian regime  , neither will be able to control or dominate the changing regional dynamics -- and both have reasons to worry about the risk of unrest at home . The news comes at a time when regional relationships are in flux . The ongoing domestic political changes in a number of key countries -- especially Egypt , Tunisia , Libya and Syria -- will create new foreign alliances and rivalries . There are few certainties . It is not yet clear whether these countries will become democratic in the near future , or which parties will be empowered . New political players have plenty of domestic challenges to absorb their attention and wo n't necessarily be focused on foreign policy for some time . With these caveats , however , here are four predictions about the new Arab order . 1  Dividing the region into two "  camps " is an oversimplification In recent years , many analysts and policy makers saw a "  pro-Western " camp , led by Saudi Arabia and Egypt , opposed to a self-styled "  resistance " camp of Iran , Syria , Hezbollah and Hamas . But new political players will probably want to avoid being forced into these old categories . Emerging political players in Egypt and Tunisia , whether Islamist or secular , generally do not want their countries to look like either Saudi Arabia or Iran . Representative governments would not be as reflexively pro-Western as their predecessors . They are likely to be more pro-Palestinian , and more sympathetic to the fact that Hamas and Hezbollah are both popularly-elected movements , but they will also be wary of Iran . Analysts have also written about the countries of the revolution versus the countries of the counter-revolution , meaning the Gulf states . But the Gulf states have backed the uprising in Libya and have withdrawn their support from Syrian President Bashar al-Assad -- indicating that they will not necessarily act as a conservative force throughout the region . 2  Egyptian-Saudi rivalry will be a defining feature In the 1950s and 1960s , Egypt and Saudi Arabia were major regional rivals , with Egypt representing pan-Arab nationalism , socialism and sympathy for the "  non-aligned " movement , while Saudi Arabia was a more traditional , pro-US monarchy . The two countries backed opposing sides in the Yemeni civil war , while Egyptian political philosophy inspired leftist movements throughout the Gulf . Egypt is witnessing a resurgent nationalism and there is plenty of anecdotal evidence to suggest that Saudi Arabia is unpopular among Egyptians , particularly given reports that the Saudi king wanted to help former president Hosni Mubarak stay in power , which would probably have required the Egyptian military to fire on civilian protesters . Egypt is also the only Arab country that can rival Saudi Arabia 's influence on the pan-Arab media , with the partial exception of Qatar  where al-Jazeera is a single broadcaster rather than a media hub  . This renewed rivalry will take time to materialize . In the short term , Egypt 's foreign policy is likely to remain constrained by the persistent power of the army . At the same time , Saudi Arabia 's foreign policy is constrained by domestic preoccupations , including the political succession , and by the fact that key foreign policy players are ageing . Saudi Arabia is unlikely to have the capacity to act as a regional "  counter-revolution sponsor " even if it wants to . 3  Iraq will rise as a foreign policy player Since 2003 , Iraq has been consumed with its internal problems and has had little capacity to be a foreign policy player . However , this year , Iraqi politicians have taken vocal positions on Bahrain -- opposing the crackdown and expressing their concern about the risk of exacerbating regional sectarian tensions -- and on Syria , with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki calling on Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad to end the one-party rule of the Ba'ath party there . As one of the larger countries in the region , with nearly twice as many citizens as Saudi Arabia , and as a major oil producer , Iraq will expect to be a regional diplomatic heavyweight once again . Importantly , Iraq 's current oil production targets are likely to create tensions within OPEC , particularly with Saudi Arabia and with Iran . Iraqi officials have recently said they should revise down their existing ambitious oil production targets , which would see the country producing 12 million barrels a day by 2017 -- more than Saudi Arabia currently produces . But even the revised level of eight million barrels a day recently suggested by the oil minister would mean Iraq produced more oil than Iran -- and almost as much as Saudi Arabia . 4  Arab uprisings pose risks to both the Iranian and Saudi models of government While neither Iran or Saudi Arabia would be enamored of the comparison , neither is a democracy . Both have authoritarian governments that claim religious legitimacy ; and in both cases , significant segments of the growing youth population that are dissatisfied with the political and social restrictions that they face . Iran and Saudi have backed different uprisings this year . Iran has expressed support for the uprising in Bahrain , which was repressed with Saudi help , while following severe state violence against protesters in Syria , Saudi Arabia has broken off diplomatic relations with President al-Assad of Syria , Iran 's key Arab ally . But both the Iranian and the Saudi governments have mixed feelings about the political transitions in Egypt , Tunisia and Egypt . If these latter countries emerge as successful democracies -- which is still a big if -- they are likely to offer more inspiring models for future Arab development than either Saudi Arabia or Iran can offer . Indeed , it is the lack of existing models in the Arab region that explains why so many Arabs regard the Turkish government with such enthusiasm . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Kinninmont .	Kinninmont : Dividing region into two ` camps ' is too simple Egyptian-Saudi rivalry will be a ` defining feature ' of future Iran will rise as foreign policy heavyweight in region
CNN  -- Clashes between Somalia 's transitional government and the Al-Shabab militia left 103 people dead and 420 others wounded , Somali officials said Friday . The fighting in Mogadishu between the rebel group and the government has raged for nine days . The fighting in Mogadishu between the rebel group and the government has raged for nine days , said Farhan Ali Mohamud , information minister of the Somali government . Human rights groups deplored the high number of casualties , urging both sides to comply with international law in respect to the civilian population . Thousands of families have fled the capital , Mogadishu , seeking a safer environment in camps south of the city . "  The people of Somalia have once again been subjected to unbearable violence , " said Pascal Mauchle , head of the International Committee of the Red Cross in Somalia . "  The daily struggle for survival is exhausting their capacity to cope . " Humanitarian groups expressed concern , too , that Somalis will not have access to medical care . The international medical agency Doctors Without Borders said it was forced to close an outpatient clinic in Mogadishu to ensure safety for its staff . "  With so few medical facilities available in Somalia , it is crucial that people are able to access those that are still functioning , " said Alfonso Laguna , head of the agency in the region . The new round of fighting stems from an interpretation of sharia law , or Islamic law , the spokesman said . Somalia 's new President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed has recently approved implementing sharia law , but the rebel group wants the country to institute a stricter form . A spokesman for the rebel group said it has recruited many fighters for the battle against the government . "  It is not only Somali jihadists that are fighting in Mogadishu against the government . There are also foreign Muslim jihadist brothers who are fighting side by side with us , " said Sheikh Hassan Ya ` qub , a spokesman for al-Shabaab . Abdiraman Abdi Shakur Warsame , minister of international cooperation for Somalia 's transitional government , issued a stern warning to the rebels in an address to a young audience celebrating Somali youth day at the capital . "  The government is determined to defend itself from these religious gangs who are covering in the name of Islam and I assure you that in the course of coming days , we will eliminate these elements and some of them will be forced out of the country , " Warsame said . The U.S. Embassy in Kenya released a statement about the fighting . "  The extremists who are instigating these attacks have no regard for the well-being of Somalis and are undermining the peaceful efforts of the legitimate government to further national reconciliation , " the statement said . "  The United States is particularly disturbed at reports that foreign fighters and those who rejected dialogue in 2006 are participating in this effort to forcibly remove a legitimate Somali government from power . " Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Government forces are fighting a rebel group in Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu Somali officials say 103 people have been killed , hundreds more wounded Rebel fighters want a stricter form of sharia law introduced in Somalia Fighting started in early May , rebels say they 're recruiting more supporters
CNN  -- The mysterious deaths of 21 prized polo horses Sunday at a club in Florida provides a peek inside the private world of a sport that generally is off limits to all but the very wealthy . The Lechuza Caracas polo team may not recover from the loss of 21 ponies for years , a polo executive says . The University of Florida College of Veterinary Medicine in Gainesville and the state-run Kissimmee Diagnostic Laboratories near Orlando are conducting necropsies on the animals . Initial tests failed to reveal a cause , said Liz Compton , a representative of the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services . Tissues , organ samples and blood are now being screened for toxic agents , she said . Scientists have ruled out any contagious disease because the animals died so quickly , said state Agriculture Department spokesman Mark Fagan . Authorities initially requested necropsies for only the eight horses that were insured , according to Sarah Carey , a representative of the veterinary school , which got the bodies of 15 horses . Later , the order was expanded to all 15 horses , she said . The U.S. Polo Association is among the parties cooperating in the investigation . "  In the meantime , we all mourn the loss of these horses , " U.S. Polo Association Executive Director Peter Rizzo said in a news release . "  There are no words to describe the grief and sadness shared by everyone -- particularly the devastated owners of those magnificent horses . " Watch what investigators are studying " Players form strong emotional bonds with the horses they ride , said John Wash , operations president of the International Polo Club Palm Beach in Wellington , Florida , where the horses fell ill . "  I 've heard a couple of polo players who were affected with this loss the other day , a couple of them I do n't think have left their house since Sunday night , " Wash said . "  There were a lot of tears there -- these big , tough guys just on their hands and knees , crying over what happened . " The U.S. Open Polo Championship that was interrupted by the tragedy will resume Wednesday with semifinal matches , Wash said . Lechuza Caracas , the team whose horses died , was offered spare mounts from other competitors so they could remain in the competition , but the devastated team chose to withdraw , Wash said . The Wellington tournament is one of the sport 's three major championships , on a par with the U.S. Open in tennis or golf . Authorities say they believe that the competition facility is safe for the other horses and that whatever killed the 21 horses entered their bodies away from the site . Fifteen of the animals fell ill shortly before they were to compete Sunday ; some died immediately and others lingered for almost an hour . Six others died overnight Sunday to Monday as they were kept in the same trailer in Wellington . Animals are not kept overnight at the competition site , so no special precautions are in place regarding food , water or bedding , Wash said . Organizers are planning a short memorial and laying of wreaths in honor of the horses , he said . Grief counselors are on hand at the facility to help employees deal with the trauma , Wash said . "  The scene can be described as almost like an airplane crash that involved not human life , but horses , " he said . "  It was horrific . " Polo ponies in the United States are not drug-tested , but the U.S. Polo Association has been considering taking up the practice for several years , Wash said . "  People are calling for reform , and maybe that needs to happen , but until toxicology reports come back , and autopsy reports , we do n't even know if -LSB- Sunday 's incident is -RSB- anything related to that . " The Humane Society of the United States has no record of abuse of polo ponies , but that may be a function of the sport 's exclusive nature , society spokeswoman Holly Hazard said . "  We are learning about this , as is everyone else , " she said . "  It may be that perhaps because it 's not televised or not as popular as other sports , it 's not something that either our constituents or our program is particularly focused on . "  But if there are either performance-enhancing drugs or some problem that is associated with this , we will investigate and we will offer a reward to bring whoever is responsible to justice . " Keith Dane , director of the Humane Society 's equine protection program , was en route to Florida on Tuesday to interview people involved in the incident and keep an eye on the investigation , Hazard said . No evidence has been brought forth suggesting someone deliberately poisoned the animals . "  I guess everything 's possible , " Wash said . "  I 've heard all different rumors . I do n't know if I even want to go there and think about that . " Compton , the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services representative , said authorities have seen no evidence of criminal activity in the case . "  Clearly , law enforcement has gotten involved , given the complexity and the scope of the deaths , and they are fact-finding and gathering information , and once we have a specific cause of death , then they can determine where their investigation will go , " she said . The devastated team , Lechuza Caracas , is one of the top teams in the world . The loss could set it back for years , Wash said . "  It 's just like baseball or basketball or football , " he said . "  You 're taking years of grooming , training , nurturing to create , really , a first string of horses . And for four polo players , it takes anywhere from six to eight horses per polo player to play a game of polo . So if you 're taking 21 horses , they 're probably 21 of your first-string horses ... and you 've just lost every one of your best players . "  It 's not like you could just go out and buy 21 new horses and start at that point . " Polo ponies are thoroughbreds , many of them former racehorses retrained for the game , but they cover a wide range of ages , Wash said . When they get too old to play , they are retired to pasture or stud , he said . "  A polo horse is treated quite well , " Wash said . "  In fact , when you 're a polo horse , you might play three months here in Palm Beach , you might take three months off , you might play another three months , say , in Argentina or England , you take three months off . They 're not pushed 12 months out of the year . " CNN 's Kim Segal and John Couwels contributed to this report .	Investigators try to determine what killed 21 polo ponies in Florida Contagious disease ruled out ; tissue samples sent for further study Players form close bonds with horses , club executive says Humane Society of the United States sends official to watch investigation
TIME.com  -- With pollen and other spring allergens in the air , researchers investigated whether place of birth affected the risk of developing allergies , and the answer turns out to be -- yes . Having an allergic reaction -- with its sneezing , wheezing , itchy eyes and runny nose -- is an all too familiar experience for many Americans , particularly children . About 11 % of youngsters suffer from asthma , and up to 20 % may experience some immune-based reaction to allergens such as pollen , dust , animal hair and even foods . But this relatively high prevalence seems to be unique to the United States , so researchers delved into whether different environmental exposures , dictated by where children were born , could affect risk of allergic disease . Reporting in JAMA Pediatrics , the scientists studied 91,642 kids between the ages 0 to 17 , all currently living in the United States , who participated in the 2007 - 2008 National Survey of Children 's Health . The children or their parents answered questions about where they were born , and if they were born outside of the country , they were asked to note how long they had lived in the United States . The researchers also collected medical information about the children 's allergic diseases , including asthma , eczema , hay fever and food allergies . TIME.com : Bullying over food allergies When they compared place of birth with allergic-disease prevalence , the scientists found that children born outside of the United States were less likely to develop asthma or allergies compared with those born in the United States : 20 % of foreign-born kids developed allergic diseases compared with 34 % of the American-born children . The prevalence of asthma was even lower , with those born outside of the country 47 % less likely to develop the condition than those born in the United States . Even after the researchers accounted for factors that could affect rates of allergies , such as race or ethnicity and socioeconomic status , the strong association between being born in the United States and the higher risk of allergic diseases remained . TIME.com : Why we 're going nuts over nut allergies In fact , it was clear that the U.S. environment played some role in the trend , since foreign-born children who had lived in America for more than 10 years were three times as likely to develop allergic diseases as those who spent less than two years Stateside . And foreign-born children whose parents were also born outside of the United States seemed to benefit from additional protection from these conditions : 18 % of these children developed allergic disease compared with 33 % of foreign-born children whose parents were born in the United States . The results confirm those of previous studies that found higher rates of asthma among American children compared with kids from other countries , and investigators have also reported similar differences in allergic diseases between immigrants and native-born citizens in Italy , Israel and Australia . What does birthplace have to do with how the immune-system functions ? The most likely explanation could involve the "  hygiene hypothesis , " which suggests that improved sanitation methods and efforts to keep germs at bay may deprive young , still-developing immune systems from being trained to recognize and react appropriately to the right types of irritants . "  The hygiene hypothesis suggests that early-life exposures to infection or an unclean environment may protect against allergies . Children born and raised outside the U.S. likely have more and/or different infectious exposures than those born in the U.S. , " says study author Dr. Jonathan Silverberg of St. Luke 's - Roosevelt Hospital Center in New York . "  That American cities are ` too clean ' may be overstated . However , previous studies suggest that rolling in the dirt from time to time may be a good thing for kids . " TIME.com : Why kids with known food allergies are still at risk Parental behaviors and cultural practices may also play a role . "  Parents born and raised outside the United States may , for example , follow a healthier diet or have foods with a different antigenic profile than typically encountered in the Western diet , " the authors write . "  Some cultures more commonly use spices , such as curcumin , and green tea that have antiallergy and inflammatory properties . " Such factors could explain why having foreign-born parents seemed to lower risk of allergic disease in their children even further ; the finding held even after the researchers accounted for differences in race , ethnicity , socioeconomic status , and whether or not the child lived in a metropolitan area . Sneezing and wheezing solutions : Surprising ways to relieve spring allergies In terms of what features of the American lifestyle or culture could be contributing to an increased risk of these diseases , previous studies from the same team of scientists suggested that factors such as climate , obesity , the Western diet and various types of infections could play a role . The current study was n't designed to identify which specific environmental factors might be the most influential , but Silverberg says , "  one of our goals is to determine which factor -LSB- or factors -RSB- have the greatest impact on allergic disease , and to help develop public-health interventions to decrease rates of allergic disease in the U.S. " -- because those influences would likely be far easier to change than where you 're born . This story originally published on TIME.com : Location , location : Being born in the U.S. puts kids at higher risk of allergies & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	The U.S. environment seems to play some role in the allergy trend ` Hygiene hypothesis ' may have something to do with it Parental behaviors and cultural practices may also play a role
CNN  -- Luis Suarez will have to wait until late October to make his debut for Spanish club Barcelona after the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  partially upheld the Uruguay star 's ban for biting an opponent on Thursday . The striker was suspended from all football-related activity for four months -- preventing him from even training -- after he bit Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini on the shoulder during a World Cup group game in Brazil in late June , and banned for nine international matches . Switzerland-based CAS heard the 27-year-old 's case last week as he appealed against the punishment imposed by soccer 's world governing body FIFA . Suarez and his legal team had spent five hours before a three-man CAS appeal panel in Lausanne in an attempt to reduce the suspension , but the ban on playing was upheld along with a fine of $ 111,000 . However , CAS said he is free to take part in other football-related duties "  such as training , promotional activities and administrative matters " and confirmed Suarez would be available to play friendly matches for Barcelona and the Uruguay national team during his suspension . "  The CAS Panel found that the sanctions imposed on the player were generally proportionate to the offense committed , " the ruling stated . "  It has however considered that the stadium ban and the ban from ` any football-related activity ' were excessive given that such measures are not appropriate to sanction the offense committed by the player and would still have an impact on his activity after the end of the suspension . " Suarez 's ban from competitive matches expires on October 25 , and Barcelona 's next match is the "  El Clasico " grudge match with rival Real Madrid the following day . In a statement on its website , the Catalan giants said Suarez would join a training session Friday morning and will be officially unveiled during Monday 's Joan Gamper Trophy match at the Nou Camp against Leon . Because he is now free to play in friendly games , Suarez could also make his first appearance for Barca in that match against the Mexican club side . Uruguay also has three friendly internationals scheduled before the end of October so its star striker is available to play against Japan on September 5 . But Suarez will still have eight matches of his nine-game ban from competitive internationals to serve and Uruguay FA president Wilmar Valdez said he was disappointed with the CAS ruling . "  It 's a cultural matter . The way we live football in South America is different to Europe , for us there are things which are normal and which deserve sanctions , but not such harsh ones , " he said . But leading Spanish sports lawyer Xavier Canal said the CAS decision was to be expected . "  I find it logical that the player is allowed to train with his colleagues and he can be presented by the club , " he told CNN . "  The infraction happened while playing for Uruguay , and I think it 's logical that the ban on playing for his country  in competitive matches  still stands . " The Chiellini incident was the third time Suarez had bitten a player -- he had previously been banned for similar transgressions while playing for Dutch club Ajax and English side Liverpool . With Suarez sidelined , Uruguay lost its last-16 match to Colombia and was knocked out of the World Cup . Suarez eventually apologized for his actions , but lost his appeal to FIFA over the sanctions before deciding to take the matter to CAS -- an independent "  last resort " body that deals with sporting disputes . FIFA 's punishment did not stop Barcelona signing Suarez from Liverpool in a $ 127 million deal last month which will give the club a star-studded attack when he finally lines up alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar . Suarez was top scorer in the English Premier League last season , winning the two major player of the year awards for his outstanding performances in helping Liverpool to second place and a return to the European Champions League . He suffered a knee injury at the end of the season which threatened his participation in the World Cup . He missed Uruguay 's first game but recovered to score two goals that ended England 's hopes of reaching the knockout stages as the South Americans on 2-1 . But in the final group game , his bite on Chiellini -- captured by television cameras -- provided the most notorious moment of the World Cup , overshadowing a 1-0 victory by Uruguay that eliminated Italy . In other football news Thursday , UEFA 's appeals panel has upheld the decision to expel Legia Warsaw from the Champions League for fielding an ineligible player . Legia won its third qualifying round match against Scottish champions Celtic 6-1 on aggregate , but brought on defender Bartosz Beresynski with four minutes remaining of the second leg . He had been given a three-game ban after being sent off in Legia 's final Europa League game last season and duly sat out two matches in the second qualifying round and the first leg of the tie against Celtic . But Legia had failed to officially register Beresynski as a player , leading to the UEFA action . The punishment means it will drop to the Europa League with Celtic reinstated to the final qualifying round of the Champions League , but Legia club officials said they would be making a further appeal to the CAS to overturn the decision .	Luis Suarez 's "  biting ban " is upheld by independent appeals panel Uruguay forward can not play for new club Barcelona until late October However , he can now take part in training and promotional activities CAS rules that FIFA 's sanctions were "  generally proportionate to the offense committed "
CNN  -- He 'd said his daddy always told him that a fool never changes his mind . And Elwin Wilson did n't want to be a fool . Wilson , a former Ku Klux Klan member who apologized for his racist past and specifically for beating a black man who went on to become a U.S. congressman , has died . He was 76 . Wilson came to national attention when he publicly apologized to Georgia Rep. John Lewis . He and his friends attacked Lewis at a bus station in South Carolina some 50 years ago . "  My daddy always told me that a fool never changes his mind , and a smart man changes his mind . And that 's what I 've done , and I 'm not ashamed of it , " Wilson told CNN 's Don Lemon in 2009 . "  I feel like I 'm apologizing to the world right now . " Lewis , who appeared on the same show , said he forgave Wilson . "  It is very much in keeping with the philosophy and the discipline of nonviolence , to have the ability , the capacity , to say I 'm sorry , forgive me , and the person that received the attack will say you 're forgiven . Because hate is too heavy a burden to bear , " Lewis told Lemon . He said that Wilson was the first and only person who had attacked him and apologized for it . "  Maybe Mr. Wilson will inspire others to come forth , " Lewis said . Wilson died Thursday at Piedmont Medical Center in Rock Hill , South Carolina . He was a native of Gaston County , North Carolina , and a veteran of the U.S. Air Force , according to an obituary on a funeral home website . Wilson loved to collect antiques , especially clocks . He is survived by his wife , a son , two grandchildren and a great-grandchild . The cause of his death was not immediately clear . "  He was a good man , " said Christopher Hope Wilson Sr. , Wilson 's son . Funeral services are scheduled for Monday . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Elwin Wilson apologized for beating Rep. John Lewis at a bus station some 50 years ago He died Thursday at a hospital in South Carolina Wilson is survived by his wife , a son , two grandchildren and a great-grandchild
CNN  -- Mythical mermaids have fascinated humans for centuries , and alluring creatures in bikini tops and fish tails seem to be keeping the love alive . One of the first mermaid shows in the United States can be traced back to Weeki Wachee Springs in Florida , where mermaids debuted synchronized ballet moves at an 18-seat theater in October 1947 . Mermaid shows have evolved from that Florida roadside attraction off U.S. 19 . Here are five spots where mermaids are making a big splash : The Sip 'n Dip Lounge : Great Falls , Montana The mermaid attraction at the Sip 'n Dip Lounge in Great Falls , Montana , started when a housekeeper at the adjoining O'Haire Motor Inn agreed to put on a costume and swim around for guests on New Year 's Eve 1995 . A glass wall between the bar and the 21,000 gallon swimming pool provided a perfect place for tiki lounge patrons to take in a show . A live piano bar had been the primary entertainment until Sip 'n Dip general manager Sandra Johnson-Thares and her mother came up with the idea to add mermaids . They thought it would boost the lounge 's "  fun factor . " "  I never in my life believed the mermaid attraction would be such a big hit , " said Johnson-Thares . Both locals and tourists are drawn by the kitschy entertainment . Celebrities like "  Splash " mermaid Daryl Hannah have stopped in for a visit , too . "  People are fascinated with them , and it 's not something you 'd expect to see in Montana , " she chuckled . Johnson-Thares makes the mermaid costumes using stretch velvet fabric and "  a lot of sequins . " Six women work part-time as mermaids five days a week . "  Some of our mermaids are students and others are moms , " she said . "  We use the newspaper and radio to advertise for mermaid positions when they open up . " Photos : Mermaid parade is ' a hidden exotic gem ' Downtown Aquarium : Denver , Colorado By day , Denver native Allison Wos is an executive assistant at a health care company . But after hours , the 26-year-old transforms herself into a mermaid . "  It 's really enjoyable work , and I feel privileged to do it , " she said . "  Our audiences get a kick out of it , too , and seem mesmerized by our shows . " Wos said she is one of eight women who dress up and perform as mermaids at Denver 's Downtown Aquarium , an aquarium , entertainment and dining facility . One of her favorite aspects of the job is swimming alongside the various sea life in the salt water tanks . "  I consider eels , sea turtles , Queensland groupers , yellowtail snappers and a whole host of fish my co-workers , " she laughed . The sea turtles are her favorite because they seem to like the spotlight and interact nicely with the mermaid team . The "  Mystic Mermaids , " as they 're called , perform daily in a family-friendly show at the aquarium 's "  Under the Sea " exhibit and in a tank adjoined to the restaurant . Dive Bar : Sacramento , California Guests of the upscale Dive Bar are treated to performances by mermaids and mermen mingling with fish inside a 7,500-gallon tank . "  The crowd goes wild when the guys hop in the tank and are treated almost like rock stars , " said Rachel Smith , a mermaid at Dive Bar . "  The guys who work as mermen are very macho and portray a warrior and tough guy look inside the tank . " Smith , who has been a professional mermaid for a year and a half , said she landed the job after sending her employers a videotape resume of sorts of her swimming in a mermaid outfit . "  I love to swim and made my own mermaid tails as a side hobby . When I found out about this job , I just knew it had to be mine , " she said . Smith helps design the costumes her fellow mermaids and mermen wear inside the tank . She enjoys picking out jewelry , sequins and other accessories for their outfits . The bar is open seven days a week until 2 a.m. , according to its website . Wreck Bar : Fort Lauderdale , Florida The landmark Wreck Bar at the Sheraton Fort Lauderdale Hotel draws guests with its shipwreck theme and underwater mermaid show . Marina Duran-Anderson is the creator and director of the MeduSirena Underwater Swimshow at the bar and has five trained aquatic performers and four apprentices who entertain crowds on Fridays and Saturdays . "  You never see the same show twice , since our shows do n't follow a stage show review format , " Duran-Anderson said . "  Our shows are organic . " Their 30-minute performances take place in the hotel 's chlorinated pool , which features several portholes with a view into the lounge underneath . Duran-Anderson , who has been performing underwater for more than 25 years , goes by the stage name "  MeduSirena " as well as "  Marina the Fire Eating Mermaid " since she is also an expert fire-eater and will include this skill in some of her acts . If you happen to make your way to a show one day , be sure to toast the performers with a "  Fire Eating Mermaid " cocktail at the bar . Silverton Casino : Las Vegas , Nevada You can find just about anything you could ever desire in Las Vegas -- including mermaids . The Silverton Casino Hotel 's Mermaid Restaurant and Lounge is home to a 117,000-gallon saltwater aquarium where five mermaids share a home with more than 4,000 tropical fish . Heather Carrasco , who is also a synchronized swimmer and an Olympic Gold medalist from the 1996 Games , said swimming with the sea life is one of the best aspects of her job as a mermaid . "  Believe it or not , stingrays are very loving , and I especially enjoy swimming with them in the aquarium . " The mermaid show , which is free of charge , is the only one in Las Vegas , according to Carrasco , and they swim Thursdays through Sundays . Carrasco said she has two children who often remind her that she has the "  coolest job ever . " Got another theme bar recommendation ? Share your favorites below .	Mermaids have long captured the imagination of humans These five venues feature live mermaid performances Las Vegas venue features an Olympic Gold medalist
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- Luge is a dangerous sport in which accidents happen . That was the refrain from athlete after athlete when asked how they felt about the death of Georgian luger Nodar Kumaritashvili , who was killed when he flew off the Olympic track during training in Whistler on Friday . But luge athletes will be the first to tell you they are more driving technicians than adrenaline junkies , and when pressed about why they would participate in a sport that 's so dangerous , several concede they do n't consider the sport to be that risky . Amidst the shock at the death of a young athlete , the fact has been lost that in the hands -- and feet -- of masters , luge is relatively safe . A 1997 paper in the American Journal of Sports Medicine analyzed luge injuries between 1985 and '92 on the Lake Placid , New York , luge course , a track that sliders consider to be technically trickier , though slower , than Whistler . The conclusion was that luge on that difficult track is remarkably safe . With "  injury rates comparable with recreational skiing , " the study says , "  the sport of luge is quite safe ... despite the appearance of danger . " The study analyzed 57,244 runs by competitive , or training to be competitive , men and women from 12 - to 35-years-old . It recorded 407 injuries . The vast majority of those were bruises , scrapes and muscle strains . Luge is rough on the back and neck muscles . During the seven years , a mere 10 injuries were serious enough , like a broken bone , to force the athlete to miss a week or more of practice . According to the study , athletes were more likely to get hurt away from the track while carrying their sleds than to suffer a major injury on it . The grand total of concussions recorded was 10 . A six-year study of the National Football League found , conservatively , that a concussion happened about every other game . Because 16 games are played on the opening NFL weekend , concussions during pro football should surpass seven years of Lake Placid luge in Week 2 of the season . And never mind boxing , where athletes are occasionally killed , and the actual goal is to physically insult the brain of a competitor until he or she is unable to stand . It 's a discrepancy that Canadian luge coach Wolfgang Staudinger , who was angered that the men 's race was moved to the lower women 's start after Kumaritashvili 's death , was quick to address . The speed of race cars is not reduced every time a professional driver crashes and dies , he said . For that matter , nor are speed limits on roads , where 37,261 people in the United States died in crashes in 2008 . That said , nothing would be wrong with reducing speeds at the Whistler course ; the sport is just as exciting for fans at 80 mph as at 90 mph . As for the Lake Placid luge analysis , study author Dr. Robert Cummings , an orthopedic surgeon in Concord , New Hampshire , said different tracks have different hazards .  Cummings was a competitive luger himself , and said he never suffered a serious injury . Much was made of the Whistler track being the world 's fastest after a German slider topped 95 mph on it last year . Kumaritashvili was going 88 mph when he crashed . And yet , in the three years of its existence , the Whistler track 's crash stats are in line with other tracks around the world , according to officials from the International Luge Federation . Out of more than 30,000 runs in the three sliding sports -- bobsled , luge and skeleton -- Whistler has seen 340 crashes . Lugers and coaches at the Olympics said that they 've never seen an athlete fly off the course entirely , as Kumaritashvili did . "  Everything came together at the same time , " said Tony Benshoof , a U.S. luger who finished eighth on Sunday , "  but there are places on every track where that could feasibly happen . " For another view , click here But it essentially does n't happen . This was a terrible , terrible , freak accident . U.S. luge coach Wolfgang Schaedler says he has n't seen an athlete fly off a course in his 35 years in the sport . That is n't to say that the modifications in Whistler -- the ice on curve 16 was shaved to make it harder for sleds to go up the wall , a new retaining wall was put in place and a lower start is being used -- are not perfectly prudent . Perhaps retaining walls should be put along every curve at every track in the world . Even the athletes who were upset at the change of their starting spots said the luge federation had to show the world how serious it is about safety . What happened to Kumaritashvili was a tragedy so deeply affecting that athletes who should have been basking in the realization of their Olympic dreams were frequently choking back tears . Still , they agreed that the rush to see every luge run as a gambler 's game of life and death is a characterization that can only be made by those who started following the sport on that tragic Friday . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Epstein .	David Epstein says Georgian luger 's death at Whistler track was a freak accident Epstein : Whistler track has crash statistics that are in line with other tracks around the world Study of dangerous Lake Placid track found sport "  quite safe , " similar to skiing , he writes That said , Epstein says , modifications in Whistler prudent ; reducing speed would n't hurt
CNN  -- Do you ever get sick of your phone ringing ? What about Facebook fatigue ? Does Twitter sometimes give you stress headaches , making you occasionally wish you could just yank the plug on your online life ? Do you get nervous when your smart phone rings ? A report says you 're not alone . Well , you 're not alone , according to a recent report from the Pew Internet and American Life Project , a nonprofit research group in Washington . The report , written by John Horrigan , the project 's associate director of research , says 7 percent of Americans use the Internet as their primary means of social communication and also feel conflicted about that fact . These online social network users , which Horrigan calls "  ambivalent networkers , " are so connected they feel like they ca n't quit . But Horrigan , who counts himself among this group , says there is hope for these conflicted techies.Take a quiz to find out what kind of tech user you are "  I do think it 's a matter of society and individuals in society understanding these tools . So tools can be used for good and tools can be used for ill as well . They can have negative impacts , " he said . CNN spoke with Horrigan by phone about the various ways people are using cell phones and the Internet today , including the 14 percent of people who use neither . The following is an edited version of that conversation : CNN : Tell me about the report . Horrigan : We recently produced a report called "  The Mobile Difference , " which places American adults into 10 different user types , depending on how they feel about information technology , what kind of information technology they have in their lives and how they use information technology in their lives . CNN : You give the names for these categories some fun titles . Tell me more about what we know about these groups of people . Horrigan : The most high-tech group we labeled the "  digital collaborators . " The digital collaborators are the ones with the most technology , doing the most with it and loving it the most , and really are about not just using technology to communicate with others but to cultivate their creative lives . Another is the "  ambivalent networkers , " which is a fun group in that they 're the youngest of any group ... they 're the most active in using mobile devices for a range of different purposes , yet , at the same time they express fairly high levels of concern about always being available to others . CNN : I find that group interesting . What 's behind that conflicted sentiment ? Horrigan : There 's a sense that it might be costly for them not to be on the network . So if you think of that group of "  ambivalent networkers " as being a youthful group , all of whom have cell phones , probably the very majority of their social networks are online . They 're always texting or communicating or e-mailing to keep in touch and make plans . So if you 're in a social milieu like that and you want a break , you may feel like going off the grid would be a bad thing , because you wo n't know what your friends are up to , you wo n't know what the plan is for Saturday evening , or you might worry that your friends will be worried if you 're not instantly responsive to their queries . CNN : Do you have a sense whether those negative feelings are a growing trend , or if people are becoming more mobile and on the whole are liking it ? Horrigan : What I think the message is with all these new tools -- Twitter , for instance -- is that Twitter is a great way to put yourself out there . It also could be a tool for managing your connectivity . You might start to use your Facebook page or your Twitter account as a means to say , "  Hey guys , I 'm shutting down for a while , so do n't worry about me if I do n't respond to you immediately . " So I think a challenge for people going forward is to see these tools as tools , meaning you can use them to identify yourself as being offline at a particular moment , and not see them as perpetual obligations to be available at all times to all people . CNN : Have you heard of any interesting ways people might be dealing with that ? Horrigan : I think it 's fairly well known in the tech community that traffic for blogs and so-forth dives on the weekends , so I think people tend to use the weekends as a way to take a little bit of a breather . CNN : The people who are off the network entirely , do you have a sense if that population is growing , or if those people will eventually end up on the network ? Horrigan : The off-network share of Americans was approximately the same in 2008 as it was in 2006 , when we looked at it before . I think that will shrink over time as people become more dependent on the cell phone , which we do see as a rising trend . People who are off the network tend to be older and lower income . I think as time marches on you 'll see technology that 's tailored more towards older Americans . So we can expect that -LSB- group -RSB- to shrink over time , but maybe not at a tremendously rapid rate . CNN : If you were to pick one of these groups , which would you fall into ? Horrigan : I took the test and I was an "  ambivalent networker . " I answered on the quiz that I sometimes do n't get all too charged up when that cell phone rings or vibrates . So I 'm someone who does like to have a bit of a break from the Internet from time to time or with cell phone availability . And I kind of struggle with that occasionally . CNN : How do you handle that ? Horrigan : It 's a matter of self-discipline : turning the cell phone off from time to time and spending , when I can , part of the workday not in front of the computer .	CNN talks with researcher about how people today use phone and Internet Some high-tech people feel conflicted about their gadgets Research group says 7 percent of U.S. adults fit this category About 14 percent of adults do n't have cell phones or Internet access , Pew says
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- At least 76 people died in Norway in a terror attack July 22 that started with a bomb blast in the capital Oslo and continued with an hour-long gun rampage at a camp for Labour Party teens and young adults on nearby Utoya Island . Police arrested a lone gunman , Anders Breivik , 32 . Here are the latest developments . NEW DEVELOPMENTS -- Anders Breivik was " a little bit surprised " that his attacks succeeded , his lawyer Geir Lippestad says Tuesday , adding that Breivik had not expected to get to Utoya Island . -- The suspect was on drugs to make him stronger and more awake during the attacks , Lippestad says . He says Breivik "  may be " insane , but that it is too early to say if he will mount an insanity defense . -- Police say they will announce Tuesday when they will publish the list of names of the victims . -- Police continue to search Utoya island and the surrounding waters for four or five missing people , and the island itself for clues . PREVIOUSLY REPORTED -- Anders Breivik , 32 , appeared in closed court Monday . Judge Kim Heger later says Breivik admits carrying out the attacks but claims they were necessary to prevent the "  colonization " of the country by Muslims . Breivik says the deaths are the price the Labour Party had to pay for its "  treason , " the judge says . -- Judge Heger orders Breivik held in custody for eight weeks , until his next court date . The first four weeks are to be in solitary confinement to prevent the possibility of tampering with evidence , the judge says . -- The suspect 's father , Jens Breivik , tells Norway 's TV2 that his son must have mental problems . "  In my darkest moments , I think that rather than killing all those people , he should have taken his own life , " the father says , answering a reporter 's question about mental illness by saying : "  There is no other way to explain it . A normal person would never do such a thing . " -- Police announce Monday that the number of confirmed dead in the bombing is eight , an increase of one from previous reports . The number of dead on Utoya is 68 , down from earlier reports as high as 86 . That makes the confirmed death toll 76 , down from earlier reports of 93 . -- Police say they are investigating Breivik claims that two other terror cells assisted him in the attack . They do not confirm the existence of the cells . -- Breivik is charged with two acts of terrorism , police spokesman Henning Holtaas says . The maximum sentence is 21 years in prison , with the possibility of an extension at the end of the term if the court rules Breivik is still a threat . Norway does not execute people . -- A 1,518-page manifesto bearing Breivik 's name circulates online , containing rants about the rising number of Muslims in Europe , describing detailed plans for getting weapons , explosives and fake uniforms , and saying how to avoid detection by police while preparing the attack . -- Almost 200,000 people participate in a memorial Monday in downtown Oslo to honor the victims , authorities say . Ringerike hospital chief surgeon Colin Poole says he has never seen gunshot wounds like those of the victims from the island , and speculates the injuries were caused by expanding or "  dum-dum " bullets , a hospital spokesman says . Police decline to comment on the type of bullets the gunman used .	The suspect was on drugs to make him stronger and more awake during the attacks , Lippestad says . Police say they will announce Tuesday when they will publish the list of names of the victims . Police continue to search Utoya island and the surrounding waters for four or five missing people , and the island itself for clues .
CNN  -- A lawyer for Howard K. Stern says the longtime partner of late sex symbol Anna Nicole Smith will fight conspiracy charges announced Thursday . Krista Barth , an attorney for Howard K. Stern , says it 's not appropriate to talk publicly about details of the case . Stern was Smith 's "  chief enabler , " obtaining a variety of prescription drugs to keep the former Playboy model sedated and compliant , California Attorney General Jerry Brown said in announcing the charges against Stern and two doctors . Lisa Bloom of In Session and guest host Joy Behar questioned Stern 's attorney Krista Barth Friday night on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " BEHAR : Did Howard see this all coming ? BARTH : No , we did not see this coming . We knew that there was obviously the raid earlier on Dr. -LSB- Sandeep -RSB- Kapoor 's office . But this was something that we honestly never expected . Watch part of the discussion " BEHAR : Well , they are very serious charges . There are so many counts here , eight felonies . Will he plead not guilty ? What 's he going to do ? BARTH : Well , he will plead not guilty because he is not guilty . BEHAR : Now , the attorney general , Jerry Brown , called Stern "  the principal enabler " in what he says was a conspiracy among three individuals . Do you have a reaction to that ? BARTH : I think it 's reminiscent of what happened at Duke . I do n't think that this was something that should have been stated in a public forum . I think it 's contrary to the rules of professional conduct regarding trial publicity . And you have to wonder why such a statement was made . But to say that something like that would not bias my client is beyond me . I ca n't even be -- I ca n't even venture a guess . BLOOM : Krista , the difference , though , between the Duke case and this case is that we know that she had at least 11 different medications in her system , the very same medications that are in this criminal complaint . We know that she was taking these drugs for years . We saw her zoned out of her mind with the slurred speech on her reality show and every awards show . So it was pretty common knowledge that Anna Nicole was an addict . And I think your client has even admitted that . There 's a substantial amount of evidence here . It does n't mean your client is guilty . But I think it 's enough to raise eyebrows so that ever since she 's died , people have wondered : How did she get all of those medications ? How was it possible that doctors were giving her all that stuff ? BARTH : The most basic tenet of our judicial system is that Mr. Stern is presumed innocent . ... And the concern that I have is that the public nature of the statements by the attorney general in the state of California is a bit troubling . And when I make the analogy to the Duke case , I think you 're missing the point , in that that was done during an election campaign . There are sometimes political motivations for things that are done . You have to ask why is this case important to so many when what Attorney General Brown is talking about is a pervasive , over-prescription of prescription drugs . BEHAR : How much responsibility do the tabloids have in this case ? I mean , it really was all over the place . BLOOM : I think that 's going to be part of the defense , that they got prescriptions under false names because the tabloids were after her and they wanted every detail and she wanted some privacy . And as a celebrity , she may be entitled to that . I think that may be a valid defense as to why they were under false names . But there 's no defense that I can see why thousands of pills . BEHAR : Krista , where did she get thousands of pills ? BARTH : Well , you know what ? Discussing the details of this is not appropriate . I think that the most important thing to focus on here is the way that our judicial system is supposed to work . I mean how often does that happen , that we 're talking about a situation , you are not supposed to say , and I 'm quoting here , something that you know reasonably should , or reasonably should know will have a substantial likelihood of materially prejudicing an adjudicative proceeding in this matter ?	California attorney general 's comments are prejudicial , lawyer says Brown saying too much about Anna Nicole Smith case , Krista Barth says Barth is attorney for Smith 's ex-partner , Howard K. Stern Stern , two others charged with conspiring to supply Smith with drugs
CNN  -- Preliminary results in Honduras ' presidential election show ruling party candidate Juan Hernandez with the lead . With more than 40 % of the votes counted , he had 34 % , while his closest competitor , Xiomara Castro , the wife of ousted President Manuel Zelaya , had 28 % , according to the country 's elections authority . Both candidates , however , declared victory Sunday night -- setting the stage for a potential showdown in a country wracked by security concerns and economic hardship . Castro announced her win on live television , while Hernandez did so on Twitter . "  Thank you my God and thanks to the Honduran people for this victory ! " he wrote . Eight candidates competed in the election . Term limits prevented President Porfirio Lobo , who was elected several months after the 2009 coup that removed Zelaya from power , from seeking a second term . He and Hernandez are from the same party . According to Honduras ' elections authority , 700 international and 14,000 national observers supervised this year 's election , which also included votes for national and local lawmakers . Honduras has the world 's highest murder rate , according to the United Nations . The economy is also a top issue in the Central American country , where about 60 % of the population lives below the poverty line . Inmates running the asylum ? In Honduran prisons , that 's no joke CNN 's Claudia Dominguez , Elwyn Lopez and journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report .	NEW : Early results show ruling party candidate Juan Hernandez with the lead NEW : At the same time , the wife of ousted President Manuel Zelaya claims victory Security concerns and economic woes are top issues for voters
CNN  -- Futuristic . Space-age . A ` world symbol . ' An ` icon for an icon . ' Given Real Madrid is listed by Forbes as the world 's most valuable sports team , perhaps it 's understandable there is a tinge of hyperbole in the marketing of the redevelopment of Real Madrid 's home -- the Estadio Santiago Bernabeu "  We were inspired by medieval cathedrals , with all their sculptures and paintings around the building telling their stories , " Volkwin Marg , who heads up the German architectural firm Gerkan , Marg and Partners that designed the new arena , told CNN . When its proposed refurbishment ends in around six years ' time , the Bernabeu -- where Real beat great rivals Barcelona on Saturday -- will be wrapped in a skin of LEDs and ` polished mirror . ' Housing a retail area , restaurants and hotel among the attractions under its metallic membrane , the multipurpose arena will transform a stadium where construction began 70 years ago today . Its new exterior will also be able to beam out the most famous moments of the 10-time European champions upon completion , although that date is still uncertain due to legal wrangles . "  For this ` holy grail ' , we have created a glass podium designed as a communications screen displaying the history of Real Madrid -- which appears as a huge screen from the outside , " said Marg . "  The stadium 's skin is polished like a mirror and it will glow and vibrate thanks to the LED lighting system . " Bold , state-of-the-art and televisual -- the venue will be unimaginably distant to the wartime rubble where Real Madrid began its rise from the ashes . Literally so since the wooden stands at the old Chamartin stadium , adjacent to where work started on the Bernabeu on October 27 1944 , had been broken down for firewood by those trying to survive the 1936-1939 Spanish Civil War . That was far from the only damage inflicted upon both the Chamartin and Madrid during the fighting . The Spanish capital suffered immensely as it became the first European city to ever be bombed but the Republican stronghold held firm against General Francisco Franco 's Nationalists until just four days before the war 's end . Five years later , it was the legendary figure of Santiago Bernabeu -- who had been elected Real president in 1943 -- who wielded the pickaxe that first broke ground on the stadium that would bear his name . Yet a betrayal within Real meant the former youth team player , captain and manager almost never had the chance to shape the club 's destiny . "  On the outbreak of war , Bernabeu , unsure of how the wind was to blow , went into hiding , taking refuge in the French Embassy , " wrote Phil Ball in his book ` White Storm : 101 years of Real Madrid ' . "  As a good example of how Republican Real Madrid was at that time , Carlos Alonso , coordinator of the club 's administration and an outspoken Communist , actually reported Bernabeu to the authorities . "  In this overwhelmingly anti-fascist atmosphere , it was only the intervention of the Spanish Ambassador to France that saved Santiago 's bacon . " Whether this incident prompted Bernabeu to turn against the Republicans is unclear but what is known is that he fought for the Nationalists -- with distinction -- during the war . "  If Franco had n't won the war , nobody would ever have heard of Bernabeu -- that much is true , " Ball told CNN . Despite his initial uncertainties , the qualifier lawyer had backed the right side in the war and having helped the Francoists take power , they assisted his revival of a club that had been largely destroyed by the fighting -- with even its trophy cabinet stripped bare . With a bank of credit from his experiences at war and with Real -- for whom the former striker scored nearly 350 goals -- Bernabeu used his connections to create his phoenix . "  To buy a stadium , you need to buy land and you need credit for that , " Ball explained . "  Bernabeu was quite well known , and had been decorated in the Civil War . " "  The Banco Mercantil lent him the money but they were n't stupid -- there was a future in earning collateral through Real Madrid . " Even if they were ranked below city rivals Atletico Madrid , Athletic Bilbao and Barcelona at the time . The stadium , which opened in 1947 , took shape in what was then a verdant part of northern Madrid but the city 's growth means the prestigious bank-lined Paseo de la Castellana is now in the center . The challenge for today 's architects is to build the stadium , whose capacity will increase from 85,454 to 90,000 , within its urban confines . "  I think it will become one of the most iconic stadiums in the world , and the special thing is that it will sit very tightly in the center of a vital town , " said Marg . "  Normally if you have a stadium in the middle of town , then it tends to be a big black dirt box . It 's not a shiny thing living together with the life of the town and this will be the new effect of this building . " "  It 's a very complex building and it 's going to be a 24-hour stadium -- open all the time . " That 's because Real Madrid will effectively play their home games alongside a massive mall , crammed with shops , restaurants and business lounges to sit alongside the hotel , improved club museum and underground parking . "  It was a challenge to make a new type of stadium -- a real urban stadium , which is not just one-functional , as in a pitch surrounded by spectators , but a multipurpose arena with a retractable roof , " said Marg . "  Everybody who comes will say ` where is the old stadium ? ' It will be hidden in the new one . " "  Florentino Perez , who was absolutely engaged in this project , wants to write history in stadium building , " added Marg , referring to Real 's current president . "  He asked for an ` icon for an icon ' but as a clever businessman , he also wanted this icon to earn more money than the existing stadium . " The retractable roof , which can open in 15 minutes , will allow the stadium to host events such as music concerts safe in the knowledge that inclement weather will be no danger . Fittingly for an arena that installed the first ever video screens , the stadium will also present a video screen ` ring ' under the roof that can be seen from every seat in the stadium -- including those in the hotel rooms and business lounges that open onto the pitch . "  We want it to be the best stadium in the world , with maximum comfort , an icon of architecture and cutting edge , " said Perez when the plans were unveiled earlier this year . "  It will be a world symbol . " The construction magnate has a big call to make though . To fund -- or partly fund -- a project costing a reported 400 million euros  $ 507 million  , Perez is looking to sell naming rights to the refurbished Bernabeu . One heavily linked party is the International Petroleum Investment Company  IPIC  , with whom Real are set to announce a partnership agreement on Tuesday . This will initially be in relation to general sponsorship but Spanish media is also tipping the Abu Dhabi group to buy the naming rights . A report by website ` Soy Madridista ' even suggests IPIC could have full naming rights , removing any mention of Santiago Bernabeu -- a move which could upset Real fans , should they cough up over a billion euros to build a new stadium in a different part of town . This rumor has arisen given the legal obstacles currently challenging the refurbishment plans , with a Spanish court suspending the plans because Real is currently under investigation by the European Commission . This is in relation to possible illegal state aid , meaning a key agreement between Real and the Madrid government with regard to the remodeled Bernabeu is temporarily suspended . Nonetheless , a Real spokesperson told CNN last week that the work on the existing site will start in "  around two years ' time . " Meanwhile , the architects of a space-age stadium are pressing ahead with plans for takeoff . "  We are now preparing everything , " said Marg . "  We are just waiting for the green light . "	Construction work on the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium started 70 years ago today Stadium is set to undergo spectacular refurbishment should existing plans go ahead Arena will have increased capacity , a hotel and retail , leisure and restaurant zones Plans are in danger due to an ongoing legal investigation
CNN  -- Something about the Facebook privacy hoax has gotten people to click "  share . " First , the faux copyright legalese spread like wildfire across the social networking site . Many users recently found their news feeds awash with postings suggesting that the users who displayed them would get extra copyright and privacy protection . Then came the predictable backlash , as Internet users rushed in to debunk this latest theory . Even still , some people kept posting the message and it continued to spread on Tuesday morning . Facebook has issued a statement saying the text posts are a hoax : "  Anyone who uses Facebook owns and controls the content and information they post , as stated in our terms . They control how that content and information is shared . That is our policy , and it always has been . " This meme is similar to a previous scheme years ago that suggested website owners place protective text on their pages , says the hoax-debunking site Snopes.com . While many Facebook and Twitter posts snickered about the hubbub , concerns about online privacy linger . "  It may have been a hoax , but it did not hurt ! " wrote one Facebook user . There are questions , too . In a world of social media dominated by complex terms of use and sometimes-fuzzy privacy arrangements , could some Facebook users have taken solace in the possibility of having some bit of extra control over their data , even if it was a hoax ? Or , is this an issue of social media literacy ? Perhaps more needs to be done to educate people about telling a hoax from something that is real . We 'd like to know what you think about the hoax . What does this say about our online world ? Do you feel that your information is safe ? What can be done to improve online privacy ? Share your views in the comments area below or post video commentary on CNN iReport .	The Facebook copyright hoax became the talk of the Internet , but what does it say about online privacy ? Tell us what you think . Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on CNN iReport
It 's a potential game changer in the fight against HIV , and doctors say it happened almost by accident . A baby with the virus that causes AIDS was given high doses of three antiretroviral drugs within 30 hours of her birth . Doctors knew the mother was HIV positive and administered the drugs in hopes of controlling the virus . Two years later , there is no evidence of HIV in the child 's blood . The Mississippi girl is the first child to be "  functionally cured " of HIV , researchers announced Sunday . They said they believe early intervention with the antiretroviral drugs was key to the outcome . A "  functional cure " is when the presence of the virus is so small , lifelong treatment is not necessary and standard clinical tests can not detect the virus in the blood . Timeline : AIDS moments to remember The finding was announced at the 2013 Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections in Atlanta . The unidentified girl was born HIV positive to a mother who received no prenatal care and was not diagnosed as HIV positive herself until just before delivery . "  We did n't have the opportunity to treat the mom during the pregnancy as we would like to be able do to prevent transmission to the baby , " said Dr. Hannah Gay , a pediatric HIV specialist at the University of Mississippi Medical Center . Gay told CNN the timing of intervention -- before the baby 's HIV diagnosis -- may deserve "  more emphasis than the particular drugs or number of drugs used . " "  We are hoping that future studies will show that very early institution of effective therapy will result in this same outcome consistently , " she said on the eve of the Atlanta conference . High-risk exposure Dr. Katherine Luzuriaga , an immunologist at the University of Massachusetts who worked closely with Gay , called the developments fascinating , including the fact that the toddler was found to have no virus in her blood even after her mother stopped giving her treatment for eight to 10 months . "  This is the very first case in which we 've conclusively been able to document that the baby was infected and then after a period of treatment has been able to go off treatment without viral rebound , " Luzuriaga told CNN . Once it was determined the Mississippi mother was HIV positive , Gay immediately began giving the infant antiretroviral drugs upon the baby 's delivery in an attempt to control HIV infection . Read more : Why youths are n't getting tested for HIV "  We started therapy as early as possible , which in this case was about 30 hours of age , " the physician said . "  And because it was a high-risk exposure , I decided to use three drugs rather than one . " Within a couple of days , Gay confirmed the child was HIV positive . She said the baby had probably been infected in the womb . The child remained on antiretroviral drugs for about 15 months . Her mother then stopped administering the drug for some reason , and care was resumed after health officials intervened , Gay said . Researchers have long known that treating HIV-positive mothers early on is important , because they pass antibodies on to their babies . "  One hundred percent of  HIV-positive  moms will pass those antibodies , but in the absence of treatment , only 30 % of moms will transmit the actual virus , " Luzuriaga told CNN . HIV-positive mothers given appropriate treatment pass the virus on in less than 2 % of cases , Luzuriaga said . "  So all babies are born antibody positive , but only a fraction of babies born to HIV-positive women will actually get the virus , and that fraction depends on whether the mom and baby are getting antiviral prophylaxis  preventative treatment  or not , " Luzuriaga said . Newborns are considered high-risk if their mothers ' HIV infections are not under control or if they are found to be HIV positive when they 're close to delivering . Moving quickly to suppress the virus Usually , these infants would get antiviral drugs at preventative doses for six weeks to prevent infection , then start therapy if HIV is diagnosed . Investigators said the Mississippi case may change that practice because it highlights the potential for cure with early standard antiretroviral therapy , or ART . ART is a combination of at least three drugs used to suppress the virus and stop the progression of the disease . But they do not kill the virus . Tests showed the virus in the Mississippi baby 's blood continued to decrease and reached undetectable levels within 29 days of the initial treatment . Dr. Deborah Persaud , a virologist with Johns Hopkins Children 's Center , was lead author on the report presented at the conference . The early treatment likely led to the infant 's cure , she said . ` Like pulling teeth ' to get doctors to test for HIV "  Prompt antiviral therapy in newborns that begins within days of exposure may help infants clear the virus and achieve long-term remission without lifelong treatment by preventing such viral hideouts from forming in the first place , " Persaud said . Persaud and Luzuriaga are part of a group of researchers working to explore and document possible pediatric HIV cure cases . The group was funded by a grant from amfAR , the Foundation for AIDS Research , and the National Institutes of Health . Dr. Rowena Johnston , amfAR vice president and director of research , said it is "  imperative that we learn more about a newborn 's immune system , how it differs from an adults and what factors made it possible for the child to be cured . " Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , said he is enthusiastic about the findings . "  The best way to either eliminate the virus or allow the immune system to suppress residual virus is to treat someone as early as possible after infection so as not to allow a substantial reservoir of the virus to take hold , " Fauci told CNN . "  At the same time , you prevent the immune system from being severely damaged by the continual replication of  the  virus for an extended period of time , " he said . "  The situation with a child born of an infected mother where most of the infections are transmitted to the newborn at or around the time of delivery provides an excellent opportunity to cure an infected baby , and this approach deserves further study . " ` Berlin patient ' Researchers say the only other documented case of an HIV cure is that of Timothy Brown , known as the "  Berlin patient . " In 2007 , Brown , an HIV-positive American living in Germany , was battling both leukemia and HIV when he underwent a bone marrow transplant that cured not only his cancer but his HIV . In an interview last year , Brown told Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , he was still HIV-free . "  I 've been tested everywhere possible , " said Brown , who now lives in San Francisco . "  My blood 's been tested by many , many agencies . I 've had two colonoscopies to test to see if they could find HIV in my colon , and they have n't been able to find any . " But Brown 's case is rare . And the procedure , which is extremely dangerous , wo n't work in most patients because the bone marrow he received had a special genetic mutation that made the stem cells in it naturally resistant to the virus . Researchers tell CNN only 1 % of Caucasians -- mostly Northern Europeans -- and no African-Americans or Asians have this particular mutation . In June , five years after he was "  cured , " reports surfaced that "  traces " of the virus had been found in Brown 's blood . Even then , some HIV experts said that does n't matter , that he 's been cured . In fact , many AIDS experts said they believe Brown has experienced what 's called a "  sterilizing " cure , meaning the virus has been eliminated from the body entirely . Routine clinical testing on the Mississippi toddler continues , Gay said . So far , there is no evidence of the virus . "  On the ultra-sensitive testing , we are occasionally getting signals so we can not say with certainty that this child is absolutely clear of HIV , but we will continue to follow up with the baby , " Luzuriaga said . "  We have formed a hypothesis and that is already driving the design of new studies and clinical trials that will help us to answer the question of whether by coming in very early we will be able to treat children for a while and then remove them from therapy . " Get the latest news from CNN Health	Doctors treat girl who was born HIV positive They treated her with drugs before diagnosis was confirmed She is now considered "  functionally cured " of HIV , researchers say Researchers hope to one day improve outcomes for other people
I met a woman named Yvonne in Greenville , South Carolina , where the CNN Express was reporting on the rollout of Obamacare . Yvonne had a big smile and was very excited -- you could n't miss her . I first noticed her standing in line , waiting patiently to ask a few questions about health care . Most of the questions I had been asked up until that time revolved around the logistics of signing up , whether they could pick a particular doctor and how much all this was going to cost . Yvonne , who did n't give her last name , started by telling me that she had been able to get off Medicaid in the past year . Before that , she had been living in her car , intermittently staying with friends . Now she has a place to live , and she 's excited about the prospect of finally being able to get private health care insurance for the first time in her life . Yvonne , 35 , told me she works part-time as a hairstylist assistant . She said she makes $ 9 an hour , which at 20 hours a week works out to about $ 9,360 a year . She is still impoverished , but considers herself lucky because she 's never had a major illness . As we spoke about South Carolina 's sign-up process , I realized I was explaining some unwelcome news : Yvonne is not eligible for any assistance toward buying health insurance . Let me try to explain : In a state that has chosen not to expand Medicaid , Yvonne is in the staggering position of now making too much money to qualify for Medicaid , and too little to obtain subsidies through the Affordable Care Act . This was n't how it was supposed to go down for Yvonne and others like her all over the country . When you imagine the people likely to benefit the most from the Affordable Care Act , you probably think of someone just like her . By obtaining a real job with enough income , Yvonne has disqualified herself from her state 's Medicaid program . But in order to qualify for subsidies in South Carolina , she needs to get above the poverty line , and she is not quite there . Yvonne and an estimated 7 million others now find themselves in a coverage gap . The tax subsidies available through the health exchanges were intended to make private insurance coverage affordable for those between the poverty line and four times as much -- people who now shoulder the responsibility , by law , of purchasing their own coverage . Last year , in its landmark ruling that left most of the ACA in place , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the Medicaid expansion is optional for states . South Carolina , and 25 other states , turned it down . As a result , a big swath of the uninsured will stay that way when new coverage options kick in January 1 . I asked Kentucky Senate hopeful Matt Bevin , a Republican , who was against the expansion in his state , about this . Democratic Gov. Steve Beshear has been a proponent of the law , and Kentucky has expanded Medicaid to cover anyone making up to 138 % of the poverty line . When I described Yvonne 's situation to Bevin , he was sympathetic but immediately replied , "  Where is the money going to come from ? " His is a common sentiment among leaders of states that have refused Medicaid dollars from the federal government . For the time being , the money comes from the federal government . In the states that accepted Medicaid expansion , the federal government will pick up 100 % of the tab for four years . For the next three years , it will pay for slightly less . Beyond 2020 it will cover 90 % of the cost . The man who oversees the health insurance expansion in Maryland , Dr Joshua Sharfstein , was stunned that so many states turned the money down . According to the analysis in Maryland , the economic benefits of Medicaid expansion would be in the billions . As I walked with him , I asked if he could give a single reason -- medically or financially -- for a state not to accept the Medicaid dollars . He thought about it for a moment , and said "  none . " "  This is just politics , " he added . Yvonne does n't have many options . She ca n't get subsidies , Medicaid or health insurance . One small solace is that she wo n't be forced to pay any tax penalty for not having insurance . "  Oh well , I guess that is good , " Yvonne replied when I told her . She had worked so hard to come off Medicaid , but asked me at the end of the day for a list of states where she might move to get back on the Medicaid program once again .	Some earn too much money to qualify for Medicaid , but not enough to obtain ACA subsidies 26 states decided not to expand Medicaid after the Supreme Court 's decision Those who ca n't get Medicaid or subsidies wo n't pay a fine for not having health insurance
CNN  -- In Afghanistan 's historic presidential election , former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah is leading the early returns from last week 's voting , the country 's Independent Election Commission chairman said Sunday . Abdullah has 41.9 % of the vote , according to Ahmad Yousuf Nuristani , who cautioned that it was too early to tell if a single candidate would get the majority of the vote needed to win the presidency without a runoff . Former Finance Minister Ashraf Ghani was second with 37.6 % of the vote , officials said . Ballots are being hand-counted across the nation , and results will take time to tally . About 7 million Afghans voted in the elections on April 5 , in the country 's first democratic transfer of presidential power , choosing a successor to outgoing President Hamid Karzai . He is constitutionally required to step down . A large number of Afghans turned out last week , in the third election since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 . Voter registration started almost a year ago and 2.5 million names were added to the electoral roll . According to the election commission , polling hours were extended to allow everyone in line to vote . "  Today I came here to select my next president and I hope whoever it is ... is a good person , who will help the people and bring changes to Afghanistan , " a voter at a polling station told CNN . Another , in Kabul , said the president must secure the war-torn nation . "  We need a good president so the bombings and war stops , " the voter said . "  I want my children to go to school without fear . " While Afghans cast their ballots , there was heavy security in the capital , Kabul , and throughout the nation . The Taliban had threatened to disrupt the process and punish all involved in the election . About 20 people were killed in violence across the country on Election Day , Afghan Interior Minister Mohammad Umer Daudzai told reporters , and at least 43 people were wounded in attacks targeting voting centers . Most of the wounded , he said , were civilians . Abdullah told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in February that if he won the presidency , he would sign an agreement to keep international forces in Afghanistan and aid dollars coming into the nation . NATO troops are scheduled to draw down from Afghanistan by the end of the year . Karzai has refused to sign the bilateral agreement , also known as the Status of Forces Agreement . Watch CNN 's Christiane Amanpour 's recent interview with Ashraf Ghani CNN 's Anna Coren , Masoud Popalzai and Qadir Sediqi contributed to this report .	Election is first democratic transfer of power in Afghanistan Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah is leading in early returns , officials say Too early to tell if a single candidate will get majority of the vote and avoid runoff
Jakarta  CNN  An Indonesian court has rejected a bid by two Australian drug smugglers -- members of the "  Bali Nine " -- to challenge their planned executions . Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia 's "  execution island " for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot . A panel of three judges in the state administrative court in Jakarta on Monday confirmed an earlier ruling that it lacked the jurisdiction to hear challenges against President Joko Widodo 's refusal to grant clemency . Lawyers for the pair had argued that Widodo had failed to individually consider their cases . One of the condemned men 's lawyers , Leonard Aritonang , said he was disappointed with the rulings but would respect the court 's decision . He said his team would file a further review , asking the Constitutional Court to explain Widodo 's obligations regarding granting clemency . "  I 'm hoping the government still respects ... any ongoing proceedings , " he said . Tony Spontana , a spokesman for the Indonesian attorney general 's office , told CNN that the state administrative court 's ruling was "  a relief . " "  We had predicted it will be rejected because clemency is a prerogative right of the President , as head of the government , not an object of a suit at the administrative court , " he said in a message . "  With this decision , it 's a step closer towards the scheduled execution . " Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with Indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths . Indonesia has long taken a hard line on drug smugglers , and since assuming office in October , Widodo has made it clear he intends to be tough on those found guilty of such crimes . In an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in January , he said there would be "  no compromise " on drug dealers . "  Indonesia is in a drug emergency , so we need to have something that 's firm , " said Widodo . "  They can ask for amnesty from the President . ... But I 'm telling you there will be no amnesty for drug dealers . " In December , six prisoners convicted of drug offenses were killed by firing squad , including five foreigners from Brazil , the Netherlands , Malawi , Nigeria and Vietnam . Chan and Sukumaran have been jailed since April 2005 for a failed bid to smuggle more than 8 kilograms of heroin from Bali to Australia . The Bali Nine were arrested after Indonesian police received a tip from Australian Federal Police . Chan , 31 , was called the ringleader of the plot , while Sukumaran was described as Chan 's collaborator . Seven other people who participated in the plan are serving lengthy prison sentences . Police caught four people at the Denpasar airport with more than 8 kilograms of heroin strapped to their bodies . Another four -- including Sukumaran -- were arrested at a hotel in the village of Kuta . Chan was detained after boarding a plane to Sydney ; he was n't carrying any drugs but was named by others as the mastermind of the plot . Opinion : Why executions wo n't win Indonesia 's drug war Sukumaran and Chan have become model prisoners during their time behind bars , according to fellow inmates and the jail 's chief warden . Sukumaran is studying fine arts and has set up a class for fellow inmates . Chan has found spirituality , which he uses to counsel inmates with drug problems . Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has said that their rehabilitation is genuine . Australians have shown public support for the men , with politicians and members of the public turning out for a dawn vigil to demonstrate opposition to the planned executions . Australia lodges formal complaint over Bali Nine transfer CNN 's Euan McKirdy contributed to this report .	Two Australian drug traffickers on death row in Indonesia have had legal bids rejected The men were seeking to challenge President Widodo 's decision to refuse clemency in their cases Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are members of the "  Bali Nine " drug syndicate
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The photograph is a jarring image that shows Nazi Party members , shovels in hand , digging up graves of American soldiers held as slaves by Nazi Germany during World War II . Members of the Nazi Party are forced to dig up mass graves of U.S. soldiers while American GIs look on . While the men dig up the site , U.S. soldiers investigating war crimes stand over them . Two crosses with helmets placed atop them -- the sign of a fallen soldier -- are visible . Two Germans are knee deep in mud . Another , with a handlebar mustache , has the look of a defeated man . The bodies of 22 American soldiers were found in at least seven graves , according to the photographer . On the back of the photo is written , "  Nazi Party members digging up American bodies at Berga . " Berga an der Elster was a slave labor camp where 350 U.S. soldiers were beaten , starved , and forced to work in tunnels for the German government . The soldiers were singled out for "  looking like Jews " or "  sounding like Jews , " or dubbed as undesirables , according to survivors . More than 100 soldiers perished at the camp or on a forced death march . It was on this day six decades ago , April 23 , 1945 , when most of the slave labor camp soldiers were liberated by advancing U.S. troops . The emaciated soldiers , many weighing just 80 pounds , had been forced by Nazi commanders to march more than 150 miles before their rescue . Watch survivor break down in tears over liberation " The new photograph was likely taken in May or June 1945 when U.S. war crimes investigators combed Berga . It was donated earlier this month to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum by Jim Martin and his family , whose father , Elmore "  Bud " Martin , is believed to have snapped the picture as part of the war crimes investigation team . The photo and dozens of others sat for years in Jim Martin 's closet . Some of the photos , including graphic images of American corpses , were placed on record at the National Archives years ago . See shocking photos of the slave camp " But the image of Nazi Party members digging up graves does n't appear to be part of that collection . Martin said he was proud to hand over the photos . "  People have to see these . This is something that 's history and it belongs with something that 's historical to tell that story . It does n't belong in my closet . " "  To be honest , I 'm kind of sorry I have n't done it sooner . We did n't realize what it was . " Elmore Martin , who won a Silver Star for his valor in capturing images during the war , was 28 when he shot the photographs . Before the war , he worked as a photographer for the St. Paul Dispatch and Pioneer Press . Martin 's son said his dad , who died several years ago , struggled to keep a job when he returned home . "  I now see where it all started , " he said . What Elmore Martin and the war crimes soldiers seen in the photo could n't have known that day was how the case would evolve . The two Berga commanders -- Erwin Metz and his superior , Hauptmann Ludwig Merz -- were tried for war crimes and initially sentenced to die by hanging . But the U.S. government commuted their death sentences in 1948 , and both men were eventually released in the 1950s . One other Berga commander , Lt. Willy Hack , was executed , but not by the United States . He died by hanging , justice carried out by the Soviets . Jim Martin said his father would have been upset at the freeing of the Berga commanders after the atrocities he documented . "  He knew it happened and to see that these people were released would be pretty devastating . " Efraim Zuroff , who has spent nearly 30 years hunting Nazis responsible for the Holocaust , said the U.S. government commuted the sentences and freed hundreds of war criminals like those at Berga after the war , as the Cold War began to intensify . "  They were more concerned about keeping out Communists than admitting victims of the Nazis , " he said . "  The realities out there were very conducive of letting these people off the hook . " How should Americans feel six decades later that the government freed the Nazi commanders responsible for atrocities against U.S. soldiers ? "  We 're supposed to feel very pissed off about that , to be perfectly honest , and that feeling is very justified , " Zuroff said . The German government has since made reparations to the soldiers held at Berga . Zuroff said now it 's time for the U.S. government to do "  the right thing . " "  To apologize , " he said . The Army said it is trying to figure out the best way to honor the Berga soldiers . There are about 20 known survivors still living . "  The U.S. Army honors the service and sacrifice of all veterans who have fought our nation 's wars . The Army is working to identify the most dignified and personal way to honor the soldiers held at the Nazi slave camp , known as Berga , " Army spokesman Lt. Col. Willie Harris said in a written statement . The Army refused to answer further questions about the Berga case . Listen in as an elderly man learns about his brother 's death at the camp " Survivors have long wanted to know why the sentences of the commanders were commuted . In a letter dated June 11 , 1948 , to an attorney whose nephew died at Berga , the U.S. War Department said the sentences of Metz and Merz were commuted because they were "  underlings . " The letter goes on to say that Metz "  though guilty of a generally cruel course of conduct toward prisoners was not directly responsible for the death of any prisoners , except one who was killed during the course of an attempt to escape . " That soldier was Morton Goldstein . Survivors say Goldstein tried to escape but was captured . They say Metz stood him against a wall , walked up to him and shot him , execution-style , through the head . As his body lay on the ground , guards riddled him with bullets , according to survivors . The soldiers who survived were not called to testify at the war crimes trial against Metz and Merz , instead prosecutors relied on about a dozen soldiers ' statements gathered through the course of the investigation . At the trial , Metz blamed any deaths at the camp on U.S. medics . "  They bore the sole responsibility for the medical care , " Metz told the court , according to the book "  Given Up for Dead , " by Flint Whitlock , citing trial transcripts . "  I ask you : Who must bear the responsibility ? The answer is obvious : The U.S. medics . " Those comments do n't sit well with Berga survivors . "  He was terrible , absolutely terrible . He lied , " said Tony Acevedo , a U.S. medic who catalogued the deaths in a diary at the camp . "  Everybody hated his guts . " "  Even the German guards were scared of him . " Flip through Acevedo 's diary from the slave camp " Berga survivors say they await any recognition from the Army that may come , especially after all these years . Morton Brooks , 83 , said he constantly thinks about the day he was liberated . He was rail thin and had walked by political prisoners shot in the head during the forced death march . In the final hours before his rescue , his attitude was , "  Let them kill us , " he said . "  I think all the time that I 'm a survivor of this and I 'm still around , " said Brooks . "  To me , it just amazes me . I do n't know how I got through . " Jim Martin said he 's still trying to process his father 's role as a forgotten American war hero , armed not with a gun , but a camera . "  The worst part is I 'm just finding it out , " he said .	New photo surfaces of Nazi slave labor camp where U.S. soldiers held during WWII Photo donated to U.S. Holocaust museum by family of U.S. war crimes photographer "  People have to see these . This is something that 's history , " Jim Martin says Today marks the anniversary of the liberation of the soldiers held at the camp
CNN  -- Donald Sterling is digging into his wallet to dig into the NBA and its owners . In his latest salvo against the league that 's moved to oust him over racist remarks , the embattled Los Angeles Clippers co-owner has hired "  multiple private investigation firms " to look into alleged discriminatory conduct by fellow team owners and the NBA itself , said a person familiar with Sterling 's legal strategy . He will give each firm a budget of $ 50,000 and 30 days to finish an investigation , according to this source , who is not authorized to speak publicly and spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity . The billionaire real estate mogul bought the Clippers in 1981 for about $ 12 million ; his estranged wife , Shelly , recently reached an agreement with former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer to sell the franchise for $ 2 billion . After initially signaling his openness to this deal , Sterling has backed off . Not only wo n't he sell the franchise -- as league leaders have insisted should happen -- but Sterling insists he wo n't pay a $ 2.5 million fine or accept a lifetime ban ordered by NBA Commissioner Adam Silver . Sterling 's camp recently filed a lawsuit against the NBA and its efforts to force a sale . Asked whether the latest development -- hiring private eyes to look into the league 's business and its 29 other owners -- means that Sterling has decided to take the proverbial gloves off to fight the NBA , the source familiar with his legal strategy said that assessment was not fair . "  I think the NBA took the gloves off , " said the source , citing the league 's actions and its siding in court with Shelly Sterling in her own efforts to finish off the Clippers ' sale . A source with knowledge of the NBA 's position said Friday that the decision to hire private investigators "  is not uncommon practice by lawyers to drum up allegations and scare tactics to attempt to obfuscate the real issue . " In this case , according to this source , the apparent aim is to cover up "  the conduct of Mr. Sterling that led to his deserved ban and $ 2.5 million fine . " "  This is not just obfuscation , " the source added , "  but a strategy of intimidation that will not work and only further demonstrate that Mr. Sterling is unfit to own a team . " Private eyes will probe bias cases , pay for execs The source said that the private investigators will look into discrimination cases filed by African-Americans and women targeting the NBA . Sterling 's camp knows of at least 12 such cases of alleged discrimination dating back to 2008 , about half of which involve pregnant women who filed complaints against the league office , said the source . The investigators will also try to dig up instances where league owners made questionable remarks , including anything that would be considered sexist or racist , a source told the Associated Press . The AP described its source as a person familiar with Sterling 's legal strategy , though it was n't immediately clear whether this was the same person who talked to CNN . Sterling came under fire in April , when TMZ posted audio of him talking to his companion V. Stiviano . The release spurred an uproar among league officials , fans and players , who reportedly threatened to boycott playing in the NBA playoffs if Sterling still was in control of the Clippers . That 's when Adam Silver stepped in , swiftly banishing Sterling from any team or league activities and promising to work to oust him as an owner . The Clippers co-owner defended his actions -- including a CNN interview that drew more harsh criticism for remarks about basketball legend Magic Johnson -- and went back-and-forth about what to do , before apparently settling on an all-out fight with the league . Sterling voiced particular dismay about the NBA commissioner , who took over that job earlier in 2014 after years in the league office . To that end , the investigators he 's hired will look into compensation paid to top NBA executives , past and present , according to CNN 's source familiar with Sterling 's legal strategy . As to investigating fellow NBA owners , this source said Sterling was reluctant to do so , but felt he needed to at this time . Dispute over Sterling 's mental state , family trust While a large-scale investigation certainly marks an escalation , it ca n't come as a total surprise . Earlier this week , the 80-year-old Sterling defiantly called the NBA "  a band of hypocrites and bullies " that needs to examine its own "  discriminatory practices " rather than try to take away his personal property . This happened days after he sued the NBA for more than $ 1 billion over its decision to ban him for life and force him to sell the franchise . "  We have to fight for the rights of all Americans . We have to fight these despicable monsters , " Sterling wrote in a statement , provided to CNN by Bobby Samini , one of his lawyers . Talking to ABC about the Sterling accusation at the halftime of an NBA finals game between the San Antonio Spurs and the Miami Heat , Silver said he had "  no idea what he 's talking about . " "  This is about Donald Sterling and his conduct , " the commissioner said . "  And if he wants to litigate , he 'll litigate . " The NBA is n't alone in its fight . It 's joined by Shelly Sterling , who has asked a Los Angeles probate court to uphold her negotiated sale of the team despite her husband 's objections . The probate court will hold a four-day hearing next month that will focus on whether she has the power to sell the team if her co-owner is incapacitated . The AP source said the probate court decision prompted Sterling to hire the investigators . "  It 's unfortunate . Mrs. Sterling regrets having to go to court and publicly air this problem , " said her attorney , Pierce O'Donnell . "  But Mr. Sterling 's conduct in reneging on the sale requires her to do so . " Though the Clippers are owned by a family trust , Shelly Sterling 's attorney has said three physicians certified that Donald Sterling lacks the mental capacity to function as a trustee . "  The trust agreement provides that if two qualified physicians certify that he 's mentally incapacitated , he 's removed , " O'Donnell said . Though she said three doctors have reviewed evidence and concluded that Donald Sterling is mentally incapacitated , his lawyer has said he is far from incapacitated . Who is Steve Ballmer ? Probate court to hold trial on Shelly Sterling 's plan to sell Clippers Donald Sterling says NBA officials are ` bullies , ' ` hypocrites , ' ` monsters ' CNN 's Jill Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Source tied to NBA : Hiring investigators part of a "  strategy of intimidation " "  Multiple private investigation firms " have been hired by Sterling , a source says Source : They each have a $ 50,000 budget , 30 days to finish their probes Investigators will look into instances of discrimination , NBA executives pay
MIAMI BEACH , Florida  CNN  -- On the grainy , silent black and white video , it 's hard to tell exactly what happened the night of June 14 in Miami Beach . But one thing is certain : A tourist , Husien Shehada , can be seen falling to the ground , shot by a police officer . Shehada , 29 , later died . Husien Shehada , at left with his brother , Samer , was shot dead by Miami Beach police on June 14 . Four nights later , again in Miami Beach , Lawrence McCoy allegedly pistol-whipped a cab driver and led police on a chase . Police say shots were exchanged . McCoy , also 29 , was killed . Officer Adam Tavss , a 34-year-old former history teacher with three years on the force , was involved in both police shootings , the first in Miami Beach since 2003 . Although it is not yet clear whether Tavss fired one of the shots that killed McCoy , questions are being raised as to whether the officer was cleared for patrol duty too soon after the first shooting . Police and the Miami-Dade County state attorney 's office are investigating the shootings . The inquiry is expected to last several more months . All the records and reports have been sealed . Watch surveillance video of the first shooting " The families of Shehada and McCoy are asking the Justice Department to investigate . Tavss , who is now assigned to desk duty , declined through his attorney to speak with CNN , citing the ongoing investigation . Miami Beach Police Chief Carlos Noriega has defended both shootings . "  It is important to note that the subjects in both cases had exhibited aggressive , violent , non-compliant and criminal behavior , " the chief said in a statement to the media . Noriega added that officers "  are required to make split-second decisions based on a variety of factors and can not afford to hesitate or be wrong . " The Miami Beach department 's standard operating procedure for use of force , a copy of which was obtained by CNN , states that any officer involved in a fatal shooting must be assigned to administrative duties for at least 72 hours . The department also mandates psychological support . Tavss was removed from duty for 72 hours , evaluated and then cleared by Noriega to return to patrol , which is departmental policy . On his first day back out on the street , Tavss was involved in the second shooting . Each of the nation 's 20,000 police departments sets its own policy for police involved in shootings and fatalities . Some departments keep the officers off the streets for a week or longer . In virtually all cases , psychological evaluation and counseling are mandatory . Watch CNN 's report on the shootings " Maria Haberfeld , a professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York and an expert on police use of force and stress management , said she had never heard of an officer being involved in two shootings within four days . "  I think it 's a gross error of judgment for any police department to maintain a rule that allows an officer who was involved in a fatal shooting to be back on the streets four days after the incident , " Haberfeld said . A study by the Justice Department 's National Institute of Justice found that officers involved in fatal shootings can be affected for months afterward . "  In the days , weeks and months that follow a shooting , officers may suffer adverse reactions such as sleep interruption , anxiety and depression , " a report on the study said . Officers "  experienced a range of psychological , emotional and physiological reactions that distorted time , distance , sight and sound , " the study concluded . In some cases , the study found , officers could not recall firing their weapons . But even experts are undecided on just how much time off the street is enough , because every incident and every police officer is different . "  It 's hard for me to estimate whether it 's weeks or a little bit more , but certainly not days ; certainly not hours . It 's just too irresponsible toward the officer and toward the society the officer needs to serve , " Haberfeld said . Police officers across the country train on how to make difficult split-second decisions on the use of deadly force . The sheriff in neighboring Broward County uses an interactive video screen that places officers into scenarios they might face while on patrol . "  In less than half a second , your pulse may go from 60 to 160 , 170 , and your heart 's beating out of your chest , and you have to make a split-second decision , " Broward Sheriff 's Sgt. Bill Pennypacker said . Witnesses , police and surveillance video obtained by CNN provide the following , sometimes conflicting , accounts of what happened during the two Miami Beach shootings : Husien Shehada and his brother , Samer , had come from Virginia to spend a long weekend with their girlfriends in Miami Beach . Early on Sunday , June 14 , they got into a scuffle with another group of men , who intervened after Samer Shehada allegedly assaulted his girlfriend . Investigators said they believe that the two brothers were looking for revenge against those men when somebody called 911 , reporting that two men were walking down the street and that one of them might be carrying a machine gun . The callers said they could see the outline of a large gun underneath his white shirt , and he was carrying it in his left hand . In a color security camera tape released by the Miami Beach Police Department , it appears that one of the brothers was carrying something under his shirt , holding it with his left hand . Tavss and other officers approached the brothers in front of Twist , a popular South Beach nightclub . A grainy black and white videotape shows the brothers together and Husien Shehada falling to the ground . A police officer can then be seen approaching . Samer Shehada said he and his brother were cooperating . "  His hands were up for a good two seconds , three seconds , " Samer Shehada said . "  He was n't in the process of raising his hands . His hands were up . " One witness told CNN that when Tavss approached the brothers with his gun drawn , the brothers were belligerent . The witness , Derek Reynolds , was working security at the club that night . He said the two men cursed at police and would n't put their hands up . "  It got intense . ... They were n't cooperating , " he said . "  One guy reached behind him , and he got shot . " Law enforcement sources say a coat hanger and a bottle were found at the scene , but no gun was found . Samer Shehada said that neither he nor his brother was carrying a coat hanger , much less a gun . After the shooting , Tavss was relieved of duty for 72 hours , per department policy . When he returned to street patrol , he was one of several officers who responded to a 911 call reporting that that a taxi driver had been pistol-whipped and his cab stolen . Police confronted Lawrence McCoy on a Miami Beach causeway . According to police , McCoy ran and fired at the officers . McCoy was shot dead by police . It is not yet known whether Tavss fired any shots . John Contini , an attorney representing the families of both men shot by police , said McCoy was shot nine to 11 times . No weapon was found on McCoy . Police found a gun several days later in Biscayne Bay , but they say they do n't know if it belonged to McCoy . Lawrence McCoy Sr. said his son 's civil rights were violated . "  Michael Vick was convicted and put in jail for two years for killing dogs -- for killing dogs . I want justice for my son , " he said . Contini said Tavss should be in jail . He also questioned the policy that allowed him back on the street so quickly . "  In fairness to the officer , you do n't put him on the street , with a gun and a badge , to be in this situation without allowing for a period of decompression -- for the officer 's sake , to get some help , " Contini said .	Miami Beach police officer Adam Tavss is involved in two police shootings Second shooting happened on his first day back on street Questions are being raised as to whether he was cleared for duty too soon Miami Beach police chief decides when an officer is ready to return
CNN  -- Men with knives attacked travelers at the Guangzhou Train Station Plaza in southern China , injuring six people , police said Tuesday . All of the injured were taken to the hospital for treatment . Police said they shot and captured one of the attackers . The incident comes less than a week after bombing and knife attacks at a rail station in western China killed one person and injured nearly 80 others , Xinhua reported . Two suspects , described as religious extremists , also died . The attacks took place Wednesday at Urumqi South Railway Station in restive Xinjiang province . Police said "  knife-wielding mobs " attacked people at one of the station 's exits following an explosion . There has been a rise in separatist violence in the autonomous region in the northwest of the country .	The violence took place at a railway station in Guangzhou city in southern China A bombing at a station in western China last week killed one and injured about 80 There has been a rise in separatist violence in restive Xinjiang province
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- International Criminal Court prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo arrived Tuesday in Libya following the weekend capture of Moammar Gadhafi 's son and the late Libyan leader 's intelligence chief , the ICC said . Moreno-Ocampo said that Saif al-Islam Gadhafi and Abdullah al-Senussi -- suspects in crimes against humanity -- "  must face justice . " Moreno-Ocampo said Libya was obliged to cooperate with the court under U.N. Security Council Resolution 1970 . "  This is not a military or political issue ; it is a legal requirement , " he said . Libyan authorities have said they want to try Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , once his father 's heir apparent , in Libya . But Moreno-Ocampo suggested the matter was not settled . "  The issue of where the trials will be held has to be resolved through consultations with the court . In the end , the ICC judges will decide . There are legal standards which will have to be adhered to , " he said . Moreno-Ocampo and ICC deputy prosecutor Fatou Bensouda are due to meet with Libyan authorities to "  understand their plans moving ahead , " the prosecutor said . Meanwhile , two delegates from the International Committee of the Red Cross met with Saif al-Islam Gadhafi in the western town of Zintan on Tuesday , spokesman Steven Anderson told CNN . "  We are currently conducting visits to detainees in Libya , and this was part of these visits , " Anderson said . "  Saif al-Islam Gadhafi appeared to be in good health and not in any harm . At this stage we do not have any indications with regards him being tried in Libya or handed over to the ICC . " Anderson said the Red Cross had not yet met with al-Senussi and had no indication of when it might . As Libyans continue to transition after Moammar Gadhafi 's fall , Abdurrahim El-Keib , Libya 's acting prime minister , is expected to submit a Cabinet lineup for approval to the National Transitional Council on Tuesday . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza and Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : Red Cross officials meet with Moammar Gadhafi 's son , say his health is good Luis Moreno-Ocampo wants Saif al-Islam Gadhafi tried at the International Criminal Court Libyan authorities say they want Saif al-Islam Gadhafi to face justice at home Saif al-Islam Gadhafi and intelligence chief Abdullah al-Senussi captured over weekend
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A controversial Facebook page calling for another Palestinian intifada has been pulled off the social media website , following complaints from the Israeli government that it incited violence against Jews . A statement from Facebook said the group page entitled the "  Third Palestinian Intifada " -- which had garnered more than 350,000 "  likes " over the course of the past month -- was removed from the website because it contained direct calls for violence . "  The page ... began as a call for peaceful protest , even though it used a term that has been associated with violence in the past . In addition , the administrators initially removed comments that promoted violence , " the company statement said . "  However , after the publicity of the page , more comments deteriorated to direct calls for violence . Eventually , the administrators also participated in these calls . After administrators of the page received repeated warnings about posts that violated our policies , we removed the page . "  We continue to believe that people on Facebook should be able to express their opinions , and we do n't typically take down content that speaks out against countries , religions , political entities , or ideas . However , we monitor pages that are reported to us and when they degrade to direct calls for violence or expressions of hate -- as occurred in this case -- we have and will continue to take them down , " Facebook said . A few other identically named pages have popped up since then , some with the same messages the previous page had . The page 's removal follows heavy criticism from the Israeli government and pro-Israel organizations that Facebook was ignoring its own terms-of-service guidelines , which prohibit the posting of content that is "  hateful , threatening , or ... incites violence . " Yuli Edelstein , Israel 's minister of public diplomacy and diaspora affairs , said Tuesday in a statement that the removal of the page showed that "  Facebook management understood that the page is a blunt abuse of freedom of speech to incite to violent actions . " The Anti-Defamation League also praised the move . "  By taking this action , Facebook has now recognized an important standard to be applied when evaluating issues of non-compliance with its terms of service involving distinctions between incitement to violence and legitimate calls for collective expressions of opinion and action , " said a statement Tuesday from Abraham H. Foxman , national director of the group . "  As it continues to monitor its pages , Facebook should be able to apply this standard in response to complaints about other pages with similar content . We hope that they will continue to vigilantly monitor their pages for other groups that call for violence or terrorism against Jews and Israel . " Edelstein sent a letter to Facebook founder and chairman Mark Zuckerberg last week , complaining of content on the page that promoted "  the killing of Israelis and Jews and the ` liberating ' of Jerusalem and of Palestine through acts of violence . " "  You are obviously aware of the site 's great potential to rally the masses around good causes , and we are all thankful for that . However , such potential comes hand in hand with the ability to cause great harm such as in the case of the wild incitement , " Edelstein 's letter said . Edelstein 's office had said Monday it was satisfied with moves the social media giant had made in monitoring the site and removing objectionable content . The Facebook page in question was set up in early March by a group of unidentified activists who called for a third intifada to start on May 15 , a date known by Palestinians as the Nakba -- or catastrophe -- which commemorates the displacement of hundred of thousands of Palestinians from their homes in warfare that led to the establishment of Israel in 1948 . The word intifada -- which is literally translated as "  shaking off " -- is popularly used to describe a revolt or rebellion . Palestinians have staged two intifadas , which began in 1987 and 2000 respectively . Violence surrounding the second intifada claimed the lives of thousands of Israelis and Palestinians . In an administrative post , the activists wrote that the purpose of the page was to liberate Palestine and fight "  against injustice , division , and corruption " following the protest movements in Tunisia , Egypt , and Libya . In a March 24 post , the administrators said their approach was peaceful and that they were committed to maintaining freedom of expression . They also suggested it was not fair to single out their page when thousands of pages on the social media website contained similar content , and threatened a mass Muslim boycott of Facebook if the page was pulled down .	NEW : Facebook says it removed the page because it called for violence Other pages with the same name have been created on Facebook The Israeli government said the page promoted the killing of Jews The creators of the page said it promotes the liberation of Palestine
Mashable  -- According to a report Thursday , more than 600,000 Macs could be infected with the nasty Flashback Trojan . We 've already detailed how to check your Mac to see if you 're infected -- but that requires some command line code , and we know that not all users are comfortable doing that . Now we 've gone one step further and wrapped those commands into two AppleScripts . Why two ? Well , there are actually two areas of your hard drive that need to be checked for nasty files . These files simply run the terminal commands and let users know if they have anything to worry about . They are n't the most beautiful creations , but they do the job . You can download the scripts here  hosted by CloudApp  . After unzipping , simply double-click on "  trojan-check " and "  trojan-check-2 . " If you get an image that looks like the image at left  click to enlarge it  , you 're in the clear . If either of the scripts reports something other than "  does not exist , " go to F-Secure 's website and follow their removal instructions . Even if you are n't infected , make sure you install the latest Apple security update for Java to fix the vulnerability that allowed this nasty exploit to exist in the first place . Did you find yourself infected ? Let us know in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	There are two areas of your hard drive that need to be checked for nasty files To check if your Mac is infected , you can download the scripts hosted by CloudApp If infected , you will need to go to the F-Secure 's website and follow the instructions
CNN  -- Juventus became the first Italian club to reach 100 points in the league after comfortably defeating Cagliari 3-0 in their final Serie A match of the season . The Old Lady of Turn had already secured their third scudetto in a row but goals from Fernando Llorente , Claudio Marchisio and an own goal by Cagliari goalkeeper Marco Silvestri , from a stunning Andrea Pirlo free kick that hit the post and bounced in off Silvestri , ensured that Juve finished on a record 102 points . It has been a chaotic season of football in Italy , marred by fan violence , racism and continued failure in the UEFA Champions League . Earlier this month the Italian Cup Final was delayed after three Napoli fans were shot before the game , causing Napoli 's ultras to riot and throw flares on to the pitch . But , domestically at least , Juve has been devastatingly consistent with a season of records for Antonio Conte 's side . The victory ensured that they maintained a 100 percent record of home victories throughout the season , winning 33 of their 38 games and finishing an incredible 17 points clear of their nearest rivals Roma . "  I want to say a massive thank you to all the players , every one of them has been phenomenal , " Conte told Sky Sports Italia after the match . "  Our objective was to win a third consecutive scudetto , instead we 've set record after record . " Incredibly , given Conte 's success since taking charge of Juventus , his position has been in some doubt with rumors suggesting he was Monaco bound . "  Tonight the appointment is to celebrate the title , " Conte said when asked about his future . "  My appointment with the club will come later . "	Juventus beat Cagliari 3-0 in their final game of the season They had already won the league title , their third in a row Juve finish on 102 points , an Italian record Coach Conte in discussions to stay in charge
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama on Thursday strongly criticized controversial anti-homosexuality legislation being considered by Uganda 's legislature . It is "  unconscionable to target gays or lesbians for who they are , " Obama said during an appearance at the National Prayer Breakfast . The measure being considered in Uganda is "  odious , " he added . The organization which sponsors the breakfast , the Fellowship Foundation , has been associated with efforts to pass the bill , according to the ethics group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington . The measure would punish sexual activity between persons of the same sex with long jail terms or death . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also criticized the bill during an appearance at the breakfast . CREW had protested Obama 's appearance at the breakfast , claiming in a statement that the event "  designed to appear as if government-sanctioned , actually serves as a meeting and recruiting event for the shadowy Fellowship Foundation , " also known as "  The Foundation " and "  The Family . " A Ugandan legislator who introduced the bill -- which has been roundly condemned by human rights groups -- was scheduled to attend the breakfast before his invitation was revoked , CREW claimed . The breakfast is held annually on the first Thursday in February . The president , members of Congress and other dignitaries regularly attend . Members of the Fellowship Foundation could not be reached for comment early Thursday . CREW did not divulge the source of its information . J. Robert Hunter , a member of The Fellowship who has spoken publicly about the group , told The New York Times in a story published Thursday that it was unfair to blame the group for the Uganda legislation . About 30 family members , all Americans who are active in Africa , conveyed their dismay about the legislation to Ugandan politicians , including the bill 's sponsor , Hunter said . CREW asked Obama and members of Congress on Monday not to attend the breakfast . On Wednesday , it asked television network C-SPAN to refrain from broadcasting the prayer breakfast , or at least to properly identify its sponsor as the Fellowship . "  The Fellowship has been cultivating an unorthodox brand of Christianity amongst the political , military and economic elite of America and other countries for over 50 years , focused on meeting Jesus ` man-to-man , ' " CREW said . "  The organization operates under an intense veil of secrecy , staying largely out of the public eye and hiding its donors ' identities . " Its leader , Doug Coe , has led the group since 1969 , according to CREW . The fellowship operates a residence and meeting place on Capitol Hill that has been linked to "  ethically troubled " politicians , including Sen. John Ensign and South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , the ethics group said . "  The president and members of Congress should not legitimize this cult-like group -- the head of which has praised the organizing abilities of Hitler and bin Laden -- by attending the breakfast , " Melanie Sloan , CREW executive director , said in a statement .	NEW : Obama calls Uganda 's proposed law "  odious " in speech at prayer breakfast Ethics group says foundation that sponsors breakfast supports the anti-gay legislation Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington asked Obama not to attend breakfast
On Wednesday , the Massachusetts Supreme Court issued an opinion in the matter of Commonwealth v. Michael Robertson , holding that it is not illegal to secretly photograph underneath a person 's skirt on the subway , a practice widely known as "  upskirting . " The court , and the justice who wrote the opinion , have since weathered harsh -- and undeserved -- criticism . On Thursday , state lawmakers passed a bill banning upskirting , but that new law -- which yet to be signed by the governor -- will still be subject to the same judicial scrutiny if it fails to adequately define the crime and the elements thereof . No one , including the members of the Massachusetts Supreme Court , condones upskirting . But the court is not in the business of "  condoning " activity , nor is it in a position to adjudicate the fairness of the outcome . The court is in the very limited business of applying the law enacted by the legislatures , and it did just that . In fact , it carefully applied the definitions provided by both the Legislature and Webster 's dictionary . The problem is n't the justice ; it 's the statute , as wrtitten , itself . General Laws c. 272 ,  105  b  provides : "  Whoever willfully photographs , videotapes or electronically surveils another person who is nude or partially nude , with the intent to secretly conduct or hide such activity , when the other person in such place and circumstance would have a reasonable expectation of privacy in not being so photographed , videotaped or electronically surveilled , and without that person 's knowledge and consent , shall be  guilty and punished  . " The Court recognized that the statute , as written , breaks down into five elements : 1 . The defendant willfully photographed . 2 . The victim was nude or partially nude . 3 . The defendant intended to photograph surreptitiously . 4 . The victim was in a place where she would have a reasonable expectation of privacy in not being "  so photographed . " 5 . The absence of consent . The only elements really in dispute were Nos. 2 and 4 . The defendant 's argument was that , under the statute , the female passenger was not "  nude or partially nude , " nor was she in a place where she had a reasonable expectation of privacy . The Commonwealth had to prove both of these for a conviction , along with the other elements . The failure of any one of these elements meant the failure of them all . Let 's break this down . Partial nudity First , consider the legal definition of "  partially nude . " Most of our personal definitions of partial nudity were formed by vague warnings from opening credits on Cinemax movies in the 1990s . But "  partial nudity " is actually a legal concept , with a legal definition . The law defines it as "  the exposure of the human genitals , buttocks , pubic area or female breast below a point immediately above the top of the areola . " Unfortunately , the statute , as written , ded not provide a definition of "  exposure , " so the court properly turned to Webster 's dictionary , which defines it as "  a condition or instance of being laid bare or exposed to view . " To the court , "  partially nude " means having private parts that are uncovered and visible to another person 's eyes . "  A person who is ... partially nude , " according to the court , is a person who is partially clothed but whose private parts are exposed in plain view when photographed . It appears from the court 's opinion that "  partially nude " is not to be confused with "  almost nude , " as one might be if one 's private parts are covered but she or he is wearing only underwear . Who knew nudity was so complicated ? What happened to "  I know it when I see it ? " Apparently , that phrase works for defining pornography , but when it comes to nudity , the court is a bit of a stickler . In Massachusetts , it appears that a "  female passenger on a MBTA trolley who is wearing a skirt , dress , or the like covering these parts of her body is not a person who is ` partially nude , ' no matter what is or is not underneath the skirt by way of underwear or other clothing . " Reasonable expectation of privacy The court went on to discuss the fourth statutory element : whether the victims were "  in such place and circumstance  where the person  would have a reasonable expectation of privacy in not being so photographed . " To the court , because the Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority is a public transit system operating in a public place that uses cameras , the two alleged victims -- and all female straphangers -- were not in a place where they reasonably would or could have had an expectation of privacy . The prosecution valiantly argued that privacy is less about the location where the photographing occurs than the location on the body photographed . The court dismissed this argument . While on the subway , a woman has a diminished expectation of privacy ; she wears a skirt at her own risk . Though reasonable minds can definitely disagree about where we have "  reasonable " expectations of privacy , for purposes of this case , it 's immaterial . The way the statute was written , the defendant was "  not guilty " the moment any one of the statutory elements failed . This case was over at "  partial nudity . " The opinion raises privacy issues unique to female clothing -- and , in particular , the skirt . It 's a garment that from 90 % of vantage points completely conceals undergarments . It 's the other 10 % that is problematic ; sit or stand in the wrong place or position , and undergarments are now visible . Even more problematic , if a defendant photographs a woman at the beach in a bikini , she is neither partially nude nor does she have an expectation of privacy . But if she then puts on a sarong and hops on a bus , should it be illegal to photograph up her skirt ? This definitely feels like a moral invasion of privacy , but under statutes like the one here , it might not be an illegal invasion of privacy . Unfortunately for female subway passengers -- and men in kilts -- being upskirted in public by a disturbed person and his camera-phone is still not illegal in Massachusetts . Under the statute the Court considered , the act neither photographs partial nudity nor violates a reasonable expectation of privacy . That understandably drew some ire . Indeed , if the law does not change , it represents a harbinger of failed future prosecutions of subway peeping Toms . But ire at the Massachusetts Supreme Court is misdirected . After all , the justices only interpreted the statute ; they did n't write it .	Danny Cevallos : People appalled by Mass. "  upskirt " ruling , but justices enforcing law as written He says victim was n't partially nude , was in non-private place ; law lets photog take picture He says opinion raises privacy and moral issues unique to female clothing , mainly skirts Cevallos : Do n't be angry with court ; be angry with legislators who enacted law
CNN  -- Stoppages due to injuries and fouls are routine in football matches , but it 's not often squirrels stop play . But that 's what happened on Saturday at a second-tier English football match between Queens Park Rangers and Leicester City at Loftus Road in London . The grey squirrel invaded the pitch during Leicester 's 1-0 win , forcing the game to be stopped for a couple of minutes . QPR 's website said Leicester City forward David Nugent and QPR captain skipper Clint Hill did their best to chase away the rodent , before play resumed . Squirrels seem particularly fond of the Loftus Road grass -- in March 2012 one turned up when QPR played Everton in an English Premier League game . Soon afterwards a Twitter account -- @QPRSquirrel1 -- was set up . Including the hashtag -- NUTS -- in its profile and the account now has 214 followers . Squirrels are not the only animals to have invaded English football pitches in recent years . A cat popped up at Liverpool 's home ground against Tottenham in February 2012 . Nicknamed the "  Anfield Cat " it too found Twitter fame -- @Anfield Cat has over 58,000 followers . Grey squirrels were not native to Britain but spread rapidly across the country after being introduced from the United States and Canada around the start of the 20th century .	Squirrel stops plays at second-tier English football game Championship match between QPR and Leicester halted for two minutes A squirrel also invaded Loftus Road pitch in March 2012
Manila 's international airport is on high alert after authorities foiled an alleged bomb plot Monday , state-run media in the Philippines report . Counter-terror agents acting on a tip interrupted a group of men allegedly assembling improvised explosive devices in a white truck parked outside a terminal at Ninoy Aquino International Airport , said the Philippines News Agency , or PNA . The agency initially said four suspects had been arrested but later revised the number of arrests to three . The white truck had been parked outside terminal three of the airport when it was intercepted about 1:45 a.m. local time  1:45 p.m. Sunday ET  , PNA said . The agents from the Philippines National Bureau of Investigation also seized firearms from the men , it said . The names of the suspects have not yet been released , and investigators are trying to establish who was behind the alleged plot and their motive . The investigation is continuing . Rebel groups in the Philippines have been fighting to establish an independent Muslim homeland in the south of the predominantly Christian country .	Manila 's international airport is on high alert after an alleged bomb plot is foiled A group of men was allegedly trying to detonate explosives outside , state-run media report The Philippines News Agency said the suspects were caught before dawn Monday after a tip Agents from the Philippines National Bureau of Investigation are investigating the incident
CNN  -- Two sailors from a ship that capsized in the Irish Sea in gale-forced winds were rescued "  in reasonable condition " Sunday while five remained missing , the British coast guard said . The body of an eighth sailor was recovered , the coast guard said . After a daylong search in rough seas , the British coast guard ended the effort to find the five missing men as darkness fell , according to a coast guard press officer . "  Today at roughly 16:45 GMT  11:45 a.m. ET  , a decision was made by the coast guard to call off the search and rescue mission for the five remaining missing sailors in the Irish Sea , " press officer Jo Groenenberg told CNN . A Ministry of Defence spokesman earlier confirmed to CNN that Prince William was the co-pilot of the helicopter that plucked the two rescued sailors from a life raft . The crew of the Swanland sent out a mayday call about 2 a.m. local time , saying the ship was caught in strong winds and had a cracked hull , the coast guard 's press office said . A few ships responded , but the Swanland had capsized by the time they got there , the office said . The coast guard dispatched two helicopters , including one from RAF Valley base , where Prince William is a search-and-rescue pilot . The helicopter pulled two men from the water . A coast guard spokesman later said the two -- who included the ship 's second officer -- were in "  reasonable condition " after the helicopter had carried them to the military base .	The British coast guard calls off a search for five missing sailors Two rescued sailors are "  in reasonable condition ; " a third is in unknown condition The ship capsized in gale-force winds Prince William was co-pilot of a rescue helicopter
CNN  -- The father of George Zimmerman , the man accused of shooting and killing an unarmed black teen , says the teen threatened to kill Zimmerman and then beat him so badly that it forced Zimmerman to shoot him . "  Trayvon Martin said something to the effect of , ` You 're going to die now ' or ` You 're going to die tonight , ' something to that effect , " Robert Zimmerman told Orlando TV station WOFL . "  He continued to beat George . At some point , George pulled his pistol . Did what he did . " In the interview Robert Zimmerman , his face obscured because he says he fears for his safety , vehemently defended the shooting , which has caused outrage throughout the nation , moved President Barack Obama to call it a tragedy , and prompted a federal investigation . Robert Zimmerman told the news station that Martin confronted his son first and pummeled his son continually . "  He was punched in the nose . His nose was broken , " Robert Zimmerman said . "  He was knocked to the concrete . Trayvon Martin got on top of him and just started beating him . In the face . In his nose , hitting his head on the concrete . " Robert Zimmerman was not there the night of the shooting and did not say during the interview how he knew the details of the altercation . The elder Zimmerman 's account was disputed by Martin 's family attorney and several other legal experts . A surveillance video taken the night of the incident at police headquarters shows Zimmerman , his hands cuffed , exiting a patrol car . The video , first broadcast Wednesday by ABCNews.com , shows an officer looking at the back of Zimmerman 's head . The video does not provide a close-up of Zimmerman 's head , but some say it shows Zimmerman did not have significant injuries to his face . "  The injuries that made it sound as though he really should have been on a stretcher are not apparent in this tape at all , " said Marcia Clark , the former prosecutor in the O.J. Simpson trial . "  He moves freely . He moves fluidly , not like someone who has just been through a beating in any way , shape or form , someone whose head has been pounded on the pavement as hard as described , someone whose nose was broken and bleeding . That tells you a great deal . " Sybrina Fulton , Martin 's mother , said the video is another strong piece of evidence proving her son was killed unjustly . "  I believe that this video is the icing on the cake , " she said . "  This is not the first part of the evidence that they have had . They have had the 911 tapes and they have also have witnesses . This is in addition to what the Sanford Police Department has always had . There is no problem with this case and he needs to be arrested . " The 17-year-old was shot to death February 26 by George Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , as Martin was walking back to his father 's fiancee 's house in Sanford , Florida . He was wearing a hoodie and carrying Skittles candy and a can of iced tea he had purchased from a nearby convenience store . Evolution of the hoodie Zimmerman says he killed Martin in self defense after the teen attacked him in the gated community . Zimmerman has not been arrested , and authorities have said he has not been charged because there are no grounds to disprove his account of what happened . The shooting has hit a nerve in the nation , sparked a debate about racial profiling , and ignited protests and calls for Zimmerman 's arrest . Spike Lee apologizes for retweet error Robert Zimmerman said his son is having a hard time dealing with the criticism . "  I never foresaw so much hate coming from the president , the Congressional Black Caucus , the NAACP . Every organization imaginable is trying to get notoriety or profit from this in some way , " Robert Zimmerman told WOFL . "  But there 's so much hate that I have never been involved in hate and George has n't . It 's really unbelievable . " Robert Zimmerman said his son is not racist and race had nothing to do with the incident . "  He would do anything to help anybody at any time . He 's colorblind when it comes to any race , " Robert Zimmerman said . Tracy Martin , Trayvon Martin 's father , said Wednesday that the 911 tape shows Zimmerman was profiling his son . In a recording of Zimmerman 's call to police , some people have said they hear what sounds like a possible racial slur . CNN enhanced the sound of the 911 call , and several members of CNN 's editorial staff repeatedly reviewed the tape but could reach no consensus on whether Zimmerman used a slur . Angela Corey , the special prosecutor assigned to investigate the case , said Tuesday that investigators would look into the allegations that Zimmerman used a racial slur . Martin , who lived in Miami , was visiting Sanford after receiving a 10-day suspension from school , a family spokesman has said . An empty plastic bag found in his book bag had been determined to contain marijuana residue . Benjamin Crump , Martin 's parents ' attorney , said information regarding the suspension was irrelevant and amounts to a smear campaign against the youth . Florida law allows the use of deadly force anywhere a person feels a reasonable fear of death or serious injury . It has been cited in a number of justifiable homicide cases in Florida . But as more and more information surfaces , the picture of what happened becomes more complicated . What the witnesses are saying Despite the twists and turns in the case , Fulton , Martin 's mother , says she still has faith in authorities investigating her son 's case . "  I feel confident that they 're going to do a thorough investigation , " Fulton said . "  We 're trying to be patient , even though it 's been over a month . We 're trying to be patient , and we 're trying to press on for justice . " CNN 's Umaro Djau , Deirdre Walsh , Ed Payne and Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	"  He continued to beat George , " father tells news station A video shows Zimmerman at police station Martin family , some legal experts say video shows Zimmerman not severely beaten
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan elders will decide whether any U.S. military who stay in the country after 2014 will be granted immunity from prosecution , President Hamid Karzai told reporters Monday in his palace . "  The issue of granting immunity to American soldiers is not a decision that could be made by Afghan government . This is a decision that the Afghan people can make , " he said . "  This is a decision that should be made by the Afghan people in a Loya Jirga : whether they are granting immunity to them or not ; if yes , how and under what conditions . " A Loya Jirga is a gathering of elders and peoples ' representatives . Karzai was referring to a comment made last week during his meeting in Washington with U.S. President Barack Obama , who told him that the continued presence of any U.S. troops in Afghanistan after the planned withdrawal of NATO forces in 2014 would depend on their being granted immunity from prosecution by Afghan courts . "  The United States already has arrangements like this with countries all around the world , and nowhere does the U.S. have any kind of security agreement with a country without immunity for our troops , " Obama said . But there is little doubt about what decision the Loya Jirga will reach , Karzai said Sunday in an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  I can tell you with relatively good confidence that they will say , ` All right , let 's do it , ' " Karzai predicted . "  I could argue for it , I could sell it , and I 'm sure they would understand . Loya Jirga is always reasonable . " Karzai said there was little chance the United States would remove all of its troops from Afghanistan after the pullout is completed at the end of 2014 . "  The United States will continue to have the use of facilities in Afghanistan and , in order to run those facilities well for the purposes of continuing to fight al Qaeda and train and equip Afghan forces , the United States will need to have a limited number of forces in Afghanistan . " How many will remain is a decision that rests with U.S. officials , he said . But he predicted that domestic forces would prove capable of handling the responsibility . "  We have to provide for our own security ; we have to provide for our own bread and butter , and I 'm sure we are able and the Afghan people are willing overwhelmingly to do that . " Already , he said , stability has improved in areas vacated by departing international forces . Karzai also said that Afghanistan has turned the corner in terms of battling the Taliban . He predicted Islamic fundamentalists will not regain the strength to enforce their radical agenda , which has included the closing of girls ' schools and the subjugation of women . "  I think there is now a critical mass in Afghanistan of the educated , of the Afghan people who want a future of progress and stability . And I think , also , that the Taliban have recognized that the corner has been turned . " CNN 's Samuel Burke contributed to this report	The Loya Jirga , a gathering of elders , will decide on immunity , Afghan President Karzai says Karzai says he thinks the Loya Jirga "  is always reasonable " and will grant immunity Karzai says he is confident that Afghan troops can provide security after NATO leaves
CNN  -- The rise of Brazil as an economic force has brought with it a policy challenge familiar here in the United States : immigration . Recently crowned the world 's sixth-largest economy , Brazil has become an immigration magnet , both to low-skilled workers -- some of whom enter illegally -- and high-skilled workers looking for opportunities in the country 's thriving sectors . Brazil historically has been welcoming to immigrants , but the challenge now is more pronounced as the government seeks to accept foreigners while protecting its hard-won prosperity . The country faces two simultaneous challenges : how to deal with recent illegal immigration , mostly from Haiti , and how to make it easier for highly educated immigrants to get work permits . A number of Brazilian ministries have either proposed or are deliberating policies as the country ushers in a new era of immigration . "  You can not become the sixth economy in the world with impunity , " Defense Minister Celso Amorim , a former foreign minister , said recently . Before , people left Brazil to chase a better life , he said . Now , the tide has turned . "  Naturally , we have to study how to act during this new situation . It 's not just Haitians , but Brazilians who are returning . We have to try to exercise the same humanitarian spirit that 's present in Haiti  where Brazil leads a U.N. mission  , and in a manner that compatible with our means , " Amorim said . In 2011 through September , Brazil processed 52,353 work permits to immigrants , a 32.8 % increase over 2010 . Brazil 's needs and wants have created the situation where there are ideas to limit the entry of some immigrants and entice the entry of others . In recent decades in Brazil , the education levels of the population have increased significantly , said Ernesto Amaral , a demographer and professor at the Federal University of Minas Gerais , Brazil . In that period , an increase in the number of educated workers meant more competition for jobs and a negative impact on wages , he said . "  But this negative impact is decreasing because we have the demand for skilled labor in Brazil , " he said . In other words , Brazil 's boom has created an environment where the demand for high-skilled jobs is now outpacing the growth of Brazil 's educated workforce . To meet this challenge , Brazil will have to ramp up its education efforts even more . "  Immigration is important in the short run . We need these workers in Brazil right now , " he said . At the same time , an opposite effect is happening for low-skilled work , Amaral said . The percentage of low-educated Brazilians is decreasing , but the demand for low-skilled labor is decreasing faster , he said . Amaral summed up the way that Brazilians , usually welcoming to immigrants , see this development : "  We want to help these low-skilled people , but there is a limit . " Facing with illegal immigration from Haiti , Brazil 's National Council on Immigration agreed this month to provide 1,200 work visas per year to Haitians affected by the 2010 earthquake who emigrate to Brazil . The work permits will be good for five years , a period during which the immigrants will find jobs and apply for extensions , or will return home . Unlike other work visas in Brazil , applicants need not have a job contract in hand when they arrive . Under the plan , those immigrants already in the country who entered illegally will be "  regularized . " Unlike the United States , where illegal entry by low-skilled workers is often viewed as a threat , Brazilians are extolling the positives such newly-legalized immigrants can bring . "  For example , the Haitians speak French and could be useful in the cities where the World Cup games will be held , " Labor Minister Paulo Roberto dos Santos Pinto said . The country 's justice secretary , Paulo Abrao , is another immigration cheerleader . "  Brazil can be an example to the world of an immigration policy that is open and democratic that reflects our historical welcoming tradition , " he said on Twitter this week . He continued : "  Immigrants add cultural value to Brazil and collaborate in the development of the nation . " In addition to providing visas for the Haitians , the health department offered 1.3 million reais  U.S. $ 745,000  for healthcare for them . But pleasantries aside , Brazil has an economy to protect , and the work visas might signify a closing of a door rather than an opening . "  The attempt to grant visas is an attempt to limit and control the number that come , rather than being generous and open , " said Albert Fishlow , professor emeritus at Columbia University and the author of "  Starting Over : Brazil Since 1985 . " The approach toward immigration by Brazil and the United States is n't that different after all , he said . "  Both countries want to benefit from advances in technology and both countries want to attract people who are relatively skilled and have an opportunity to contribute to that , " Fishlow said . As for low-skilled immigration , there are other forces raising opposition to their entry . The Haitian immigrants are arriving mostly to the western states of Amazonas and Acre , in the heart of the Amazon rain forest . A debate of great importance in Brazil currently is how to protect the Amazon . This is the larger issue behind the immigration debate , Fishlow said : will the Amazon be less protected with an influx of newcomers ? Meanwhile , the country 's Secretary of Strategic Affairs has created a team that will propose a new national immigration policy wit emphasis on high-skilled workers . One reported proposal would create two "  lines " for foreigners applying for work visas in Brazil . One for highly-educated applicants , and one for everyone else . The coordinator for the project , Ricardo Paes de Barros , declined to speak to CNN about the commission 's deliberations .	Brazil is experiencing an increase in immigration It 's economy is attracting both low - and high-skilled labor The country has been open to immigration , but challenges remain
During Monday night 's foreign-policy focused presidential debate , President Barack Obama made the case that al Qaeda in Pakistan is decimated while former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney argued they are on the rise in other countries : The claims : Obama : Al Qaeda 's core leadership has been decimated . Romney : This is a group that is now involved in 10 or 12 countries , and it presents an enormous threat to our friends , to the world , to America , long term , and we must have a comprehensive strategy to help reject this kind of extremism . Fact Check : Romney , Obama and Iraq The facts : There 's no disputing that al Qaeda 's leader , Osama bin Laden , was killed in 2011 in a highly successful mission in Pakistan approved by Obama . Romney has tipped his hat to the military and intelligence professionals who orchestrated that raid . The Obama administration also dramatically upped the operation of armed unmanned aircraft in Pakistan , with nearly 300 strikes so far and greatly increased the number of al Qaeda and other extremists taken off the battlefield . Most of those killed were foot soldiers , but besides bin Laden , some of the key players killed in recent years include : Atiyah Abd al-Rahman , the No. 2 to current leader Ayman al Zawahiri ; Sayeed al-Masri , No. 3 in the hierarchy ; and Abu Ayyub al Masri , the leader of al Qaeda in Iraq . Although Obama at times speaks more broadly about al Qaeda being on the run , his top national security team has consistently zeroed in on al Qaeda 's core leadership , which is hiding out in Pakistan . Obama was careful to specify that in this last debate . Fact Check : Comparing costs of Iraq , Libya missions Just last month , National Counterterrorism Director Matt Olsen said , "  The intelligence picture shows that al Qaeda 's core is a shadow of its former self and the overall threat from al Qaeda in Pakistan is diminished . " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta predicted last year after the bin Laden strike that if the U.S. keeps up the pressure , "  I 'm convinced that we 're within reach of strategically defeating al Qaeda , " again a reference to the Pakistan-based leaders . What 's worrisome are al Qaeda affiliates in Yemen , North Africa and elsewhere in the Mideast . "  Even as al Qaeda 's leadership in Pakistan struggles to remain relevant , the terrorist threat we face has become more diverse , " Olsen said . "  Al Qaeda has turned to other groups to carry out attacks and to advance its ideology . These groups are based in an array of countries , including Yemen , Somalia , Nigeria and in Iraq . " Of particular concern is al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which operates in Yemen . When Obama took office in 2009 , AQAP was a newly formed affiliate , the result of a merger between al Qaeda forces fleeing Saudi Arabia and jihadists in Yemen . A locally focused group quickly became a more powerful al Qaeda franchise soon plotting attacks outside Yemen 's borders . First there was the failed attempt by a suicide bomber in the summer of 2009 to kill the Saudi prince who ran the country 's counterterrorism campaign . By the end of that year , AQAP was behind the attempt by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab to blow up a Northwest Airlines flight as it approached Detroit on Christmas Day . Plans by AQAP to blow up cargo planes destined for the United States in 2010 and to put a suicide bomber aboard a passenger aircraft earlier this year were thwarted by U.S. and allied intelligence services . Fact Check : Romney against Afghanistan 2012 deadline ? AQAP and al-Shabaab , the affiliated extremist group in Somalia , have been under sustained pressure by government and regional forces with assistance from the United States , but CIA Director David Petraeus said at a congressional hearing earlier this year that although AQAP , al-Shabaab and others have "  sustained important losses ... the threat of terrorism remains significant and we must sustain the campaign , we must maintain the pressure on al Qaeda and its affiliates . " The Arab Spring has resulted in fundamental changes in many parts of the region , but the continued instability and fledgling governments also prevent an opportunity for terrorists . "  Al Qaeda was not part of this change , but the group is seeking to take advantage of the unrest in some areas , seeking to establish safe havens and recruit extremists where security is diminished , " Olsen said . Of particular concern are large swaths of Libya and Mali where extremists , some associated with al Qaeda , have found refuge . Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  , which operates in northern Africa , is one of the group seen to be taking advantage of the situation . Lt. Gen. Ronald Burgess , recently retired as Defense Intelligence Agency director , told Congress that "  AQIM acquired weapons from Libya this year , kidnapped Westerners and continues its support to Nigerian based Boko Haram . " Boko Haram is an insurgent group in Nigeria with a goal of creating an Islamic state in the northern part of the country . The unrest in Syria has provided an opportunity for al Qaeda in Iraq  AQI  which according to Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has extended its reach into the war-torn nation . Although AQI 's presense in Syria is considered small , intelligence officials worry it will grow as the chaos continues . Clapper said that while al Qaeda core 's in Pakistan will remain mostly a symbolic importance to the global jihadist movement , the regional affiliates "  will drive the global jihad agenda . " Fact Check : Obama 's apology tour ? The conclusion : Both claims are true . Al Qaeda 's core leadership has been seriously weakened , but the affiliates remain active , particularly in Yemen and North Africa , where the threat to Western interests and plotting against the homeland remain strong . Romney 's claim that al Qaeda is in 10 to 12 countries is in the ballpark , and the administration would seem to agree that poses an enormous threat . Complete coverage : CNN Fact Checks	Obama says al Qaeda 's core leadership in Pakistan has been severely weakened Romney claims al Qaeda branches have spread to almost a dozen countries Al Qaeda operatives in Yemen are particularly worrisome to U.S.
CNN  -- Three men were sentenced to death Friday for the gang rapes of two women in the Indian city of Mumbai last year , public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam said . The men -- Vijay Jadhav , Mohammad Qasim and Salim Ansari -- were sentenced to die under an amended Indian law that sets death as the maximum sentence if convicted of more than one sexual assault , according to Nikam . The three were found guilty of gang-raping a telephone operator a month before attacking a photojournalist in a deserted Mumbai mill in August . Five people , including a young boy , were involved in the photojournalist rape case , Nikam said . One of them has been sentenced to life in prison , while the youngest is facing a trial before a juvenile justice board . Those convicted can appeal their sentences to a higher court . Violent crimes against women have been in the spotlight in India since a 23-year-old woman was raped and beaten by several men on a bus in December 2012 . The victim later died in a Singapore hospital . The shocking attack provoked outrage across India , leading to calls for improved safety and treatment of women . Since then , the Indian media have intensified their focus on rape cases . Attacks against foreign women have also been reported . The 2012 case prompted lawmakers to change statutes to fast-track the arrest and questioning of anyone implicated in a rape . INTERACTIVE : The girl whose rape changed a country	The gang rapes took place in Mumbai A December 2012 rape provoked outrage across India The 2012 case prompted new statutes fast-tracking arrests in rape cases
London  CNN  -- Young stars shone at the Olympic pool Monday as Yannick Agnel of France won his second gold medal of the London Games , American teen sensation Missy Franklin won her first and a 15-year-old Lithuanian stunned the women 's 100-meter breaststroke field . The 20-year-old Agnel , just a day after swimming an amazing anchor leg in leading France to victory in the men 's 4x100 meter free style relay , routed the field in the 200-meter freestyle . He beat both silver medalists , Park Taehwan of South Korea and Yang Sun of China , by 1.79 seconds . Ryan Lochte of the United States finished fourth . Franklin , just 17 , swam an American record 58.33 in the 100-meter backstroke , ahead of Australia 's Emily Seebohm and Japan 's Aya Terakawa . Seebohm led at the halfway point but with the two side-by-side , the young American overpowered her down the stretch . Only 20 minutes earlier Franklin had swum in the 200-meter freestyle semifinals , qualifying for Tuesday 's final . Lithuanian Ruta Meilutyte won her country 's first swimming medal ever as an independent nation , winning gold in the final medal event of the night , the women 's 100-meter breaststroke . "  It 's too much for me , " the clearly overwhelmed 15-year-old said . "  I ca n't believe it . " Matt Grevers of the United States won the men 's 100-meter backstroke . The hearts of the host nation were broken when teen diving star Tom Daley failed to bring home a medal in the 10-meter synchronized platform event . The 18-year-old and his appropriately-named partner Pete Waterfield finished fourth , with favorites Yuan Cao and Yanquan Zhang of China taking gold . The disappointment was tempered somewhat by the men 's gymnastics team , which took bronze , its first medal in the sport in 100 years . When the results were first announced Great Britain was to get silver , but the fourth-place Japanese team protested a score for one of its gymnasts . The judges upped Kohei Uchimura 's mark on the pommel horse , giving Japan 271.952 to Great Britain 's 271.711 and Ukraine 's 271.526 . As many expected , China won the team title , as it did in two of the past three Olympics . The United States drew level with China for the total number of medals so far , with 17 apiece , but nine of China 's are gold , compared with five for Team USA . In equestrian , Queen Elizabeth 's granddaughter Zara Phillips had a good day in Greenwich , where she and Great Britain are in medal contention . As 50,000 people , including Prince William and Prince Harry , watched , Phillips cleared all 28 jumps during the cross-country portion of the team eventing contest . Germany leads the competition , which concludes Tuesday , with Great Britain second and Sweden third . Meanwhile , a controversy was averted as the International Olympic Committee and the International Judo Federation approved allowing Saudi judo competitor Wojdan Shaherkani to wear her headscarf , Saudi National Olympic Committee spokesman Razan Baker told CNN 's Nic Robertson . This year is the first time every nation has sent women athletes to the Olympics . Saudi Arabia was the last nation to agree to send women . Her first match is on Friday . Money , medals and more : The Olympics by the numbers CNN 's Allysen Miller contributed to this report .	NEW : A controversy at men 's gymnastics affects the medal winners NEW : The queen 's granddaughter stays on course for an equestrian medal A 15-year-old is among the young swimmers to top the medal stand A Saudi Arabian judo competitor is allowed to compete wearing a headscarf
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Militants launched a fresh attack Monday in Nigeria 's second largest city , Kano , which is already reeling from a series of bombings and shootings that killed more than 200 people earlier this month . A police station in Mandawari was attacked at 6 a.m. , just after the dusk-to-dawn curfew was lifted , police said . No one was hurt . Hours earlier , gunmen on motorbikes hit a police station in Naibowa , killing two people . The Sunday evening attack lasted about 40 minutes , said Sani Abdu , a resident who lives close to the station . No one immediately claimed responsibility , but suspicion fell on the militant group Boko Haram , which has carried out multiple bombings and shootings across the north in recent days . On January 20 , at least 211 people were killed in Kano in attacks that left the police headquarters and other government buildings in charred ruins . In response , President Goodluck Jonathan fired the west African nation 's inspector general of police . Depending on the faction , Boko Haram 's ambitions range from the stricter enforcement of Islamic Sharia law to the total destruction of the government . Its grievances remain local , but it has attacked international institutions -- such as the United Nations -- on Nigerian soil . An August 26 attack -- during which a Boko Haram suicide bomber drove a Jeep laden with explosives into the U.N. headquarters in Abuja -- was one of the deadliest in the world body 's history . Twenty-four people were killed , including 12 U.N. staff . The group was formed in 2002 by Islamic preacher Mohammad Yusuf as an outgrowth of ethnic tensions in the country in the 1990s . Nigeria 's population is split between mostly Muslims living in the north and predominantly Christians in the south . Yusuf advocated the institution of Sharia law throughout the northern states and opposed democracy . The group operated openly out of northeastern Nigeria and staged small-scale attacks against government targets . In 2009 , Nigerian police forces moved to crack down on Boko Haram . Harsh police tactics led to an armed uprising and the arrest of Yusuf , who later died in police custody . The death spurred the group to begin its attacks on police stations . Ensuing clashes between group members and the police killed hundreds . Journalist Hassan John in Jos contributed to this report	Attacks on police stations are becoming commonplace Police say the Islamist group Boko Haram was behind the attack The group has been blamed for a wave of violence
CNN  Rafael Nadal says he 's unsure if he will play at this month 's Australian Open after slumping to defeat in the opening round of the Qatar Open in Doha . The world No. 3 was dumped out of the season opener by 34-year-old German qualifier Michael Berrer 1-6 , 6-3 , 6-4 in a match lasting a little under two hours . Nadal , who defeated Gael Monfils in the final 12 months ago , admitted to being nervous in his first tour match since undergoing appendix surgery last November . "  I was playing with more nerves than usual . I knew that winning a couple of matches here will help me , so that makes me play a little bit more under more tension , " Nadal said , the ATP Tour website reported . His second defeat inside a week -- Nadal lost in straight sets to Andy Murray at an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi on January 3 -- has cast doubt in his own mind if he is ready for the season 's opening grand slam in Melbourne which gets underway on January 19 . "  This is the third comeback of my career after injury , so we will see how it goes in a couple of months . I wanted to start well , but it was not the case today , " Nadal said , Agence France-Presse reported . "  I also want to play in the Australian Open which is a tournament I like a lot . I do n't know if that will be the case either , but I am going to work for it . If not I will be playing at Rio and Buenos Aires  ATP Tour clay court tournaments taking place in February  . "  The season is long . After coming back from injury you ca n't see the immediate moment , you have to look further ahead a little bit . " After suffering a back injury in last year 's Australian Open final defeat to Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka , and missing the U.S. Open in September with a wrist injury , Nadal could be forgiven for being cautious about his return . Tsonga out of Melbourne While Nadal 's participation remains in doubt , Jo-Wilfried Tsonga will definitely not be in the draw for Melbourne . The 29-year-old Frenchman , who reached the final in 2008 , has yet to recover from an arm injury sustained during France 's defeat to Switzerland in the Davis Cup final last November . "  It is with great disappointment that I have to postpone today the start of my season , pulling out of the Australian Open , " Tsonga said Wednesday . "  I 'm still suffering from a forearm inflammation  intersection syndrome  and that prevents me from being at full capacity . " There seem to be no such health worries for world No. 1 Novak Djokovic who was forced to withdraw from last weekend 's final against Murray in Abu Dhabi with a fever . The Serb cruised through his opening match in Doha , seeing off his compatriot Dusan Lajovic 6-2 6-1 in 59 minutes . Djokovic will play Ukraine 's Sergiy Stakhovsky in round two .	Spaniard loses on return to action at Qatar Open in Doha World No. 3 defeated in three sets by German qualifier Michael Berrer The 14-time major champion had appendix surgery last November Jo-Wilfried Tsonga pulls out of Aus Open due to ongoing arm injury
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former White House press secretary Tony Snow -- who once told reporters "  I 'm a very lucky guy " -- died at the age of 53 early Saturday after a second battle with cancer . Snow , who had been undergoing chemotherapy treatments for a recurrence of the disease , left his White House job September 14 , 2007 , and joined CNN in April as a conservative commentator . President Bush said Saturday that he and first lady Laura Bush were "  deeply saddened " by Snow 's death . "  The Snow family has lost a beloved husband and father . And America has lost a devoted public servant and a man of character , " the president said in a statement . "  It was a joy to watch Tony at the podium each day . " Snow also worked for the first President Bush , who commented Saturday : "  In this case it is n't a press secretary . It is n't a speech writer . It was a dear , valued friend that went on to heaven . ... He won the respect of even those who violently disagree with the president 's proposals and policies . For that I think he 'll be remembered . He brought a certain civility to this very contentious job . " Snow 's successor , White House press secretary Dana Perino , said , "  The White House is so deeply saddened by this loss . He was a great friend and colleague and a fantastic press secretary . And his dear family is in our thoughts and prayers . " See images from Tony Snow 's White House days " Republican Rep. John Boehner called Snow "  a proud son of Cincinnati , " the Ohio city that Boehner represents in Congress and where Snow grew up . "  Churchill said , ' I like a man who grins when he fights , ' and that was Tony Snow , " Boehner said . "  For 35 years , as a writer , broadcaster , and spokesman , he fought fiercely for what he believed in , and he did it with a smile on his face and a twinkle in his eye . His loss is a loss for our country . " Gallery : Journalists and elected officials respond to Snow 's death " In 2007 , Chief of Staff Josh Bolten had told senior White House staffers that unless they could commit to staying until Bush leaves office in January 2009 , they should leave by Labor Day 2007 , so Snow resigned . In parting comments to reporters at his final White House news conference , Snow said , "  I feel great . " He also called the job "  the most fun I 've ever had . " Snow said he was leaving the White House position to make more money for his family . His White House salary was $ 168,000 , and he said he had taken out a loan so he could take the job . Snow said he was leaving because the loan money ran out . Watch the White House staff 's warm send-off " Snow is survived by his wife , Jill Walker , and three children -- Kendall , Robbie and Kristi . Snow was first diagnosed with colon cancer in February 2005 . His colon was removed , and after six months of treatment , doctors said the cancer was in remission . A recurrence of the illness was diagnosed 11 months after he began the White House media job . At that time , doctors also discovered that the colon cancer had spread to his liver . He underwent five weeks of treatment before resuming his daily briefings to the press corps . He was greeted with applause upon his return . "  Not everybody will survive cancer , " Snow told the reporters , "  but on the other hand , you have got to realize you 've got the gift of life , so make the most of it . That is my view , and I 'm going to make the most of my time with you . " Perino announced March 27 , 2007 , that Snow 's cancer had recurred , and said doctors had removed a growth from his abdomen the day before . Watch how Snow fought through the illness " Bush tapped Snow to replace Scott McClellan in April 2006 . Snow had been an anchor for "  Fox News Sunday " and a political analyst for Fox News Channel , which he joined in 1996 . He also hosted "  The Tony Snow Show " on Fox News Radio . During the 1990s , he was a regular guest host for Rush Limbaugh 's radio program . During that decade he was a writer , correspondent and host of a PBS news special , "  The New Militant Center , " a regular commentator for National Public Radio and a frequent guest on television news programs . Snow was known for his candor . In a November 11 , 2005 , column , Snow wrote that Bush 's "  wavering conservatism has become an active concern among Republicans , who wish he would stop cowering under the bed and start fighting back against the likes of Harry Reid , Nancy Pelosi and Joe Wilson . " "  The newly passive George Bush has become something of an embarrassment , " Snow 's column said . "  I asked him about those comments , " the president joked at the time of Snow 's appointment . "  And he said , ` You should have heard what I said about the other guy . ' " iReport.com : Share your memories of Snow Bush said Snow 's long career as a journalist helped him understand "  the importance of the relationship between government and those whose job it is to cover the government . " Robert Anthony Snow was born June 1 , 1955 , in Berea , Kentucky , and was raised in Cincinnati . When he was 17 , his mother died of colon cancer at age 38 . After receiving a bachelor 's degree in philosophy from Davidson College near Charlotte , North Carolina , in 1977 , Snow pursued graduate work in philosophy and economics at the University of Chicago . He worked as an editorial writer and editor at several newspapers , including The Washington Times and the Detroit News . He wrote a column in Detroit , and later wrote a syndicated column . Snow joined the administration of Bush 's father , George H.W. Bush , in 1991 , first as chief speech writer and later as deputy assistant to the president for media affairs . Snow became a television personality when he launched his news shows on Fox in 1993 . When he returned to work at the White House on April 30 , 2007 , after the second cancer diagnosis , a usually articulate and loquacious Snow stumbled to find words . "  You never anticipate this stuff , " he said . "  It just happens . " "  I want to thank you all . It really meant the world to me . Anybody who does not not believe that thoughts and prayers make a difference , they 're just wrong . " He then prefaced a discussion of his health by saying , "  I 'm a very lucky guy . " Outside of work , Snow played the guitar , saxophone and flute , and was in a band called Beats Workin ' with other Washington professionals .	NEW : Former Bush spokesman a smiling fighter , congressman says President calls Snow "  a devoted public servant and a man of character " Former Fox commentator had recently joined CNN Snow resigned White House job , saying he needed higher income
CNN  -- It was like Mary Pipher was on a runaway train of success . She had multiple best-selling books and was much in demand as a therapist and an inspirational speaker . And at one point in 2002 , she felt like she had given all she could give , and she suffered a meltdown . She detailed the struggles in her life and her recovery in her latest book , "  Seeking Peace : Chronicles of the Worst Buddhist in the World . " And in the wake of that book , she is sounding an alarm about danger of being a joyless "  constant working machine . " "  If you ask anyone how they 've been any more , they always say , ` busy , ' " Pipher said . "  I 'm just stubborn enough that sometimes I say , ` You know , it 's been really slow for me lately , ' just to see people 's shocked looks , because nobody in America ever says that anymore . " Pipher , the author of "  Reviving Ophelia , " an acclaimed book that examined the stresses and perils young girls face , took some time off to heal herself by just sitting and enjoying simple things like birdwatching and viewing sunsets . Now that she has slowed down , she 's noticed how so many adults are living at a fast pace despite their feelings of being burdened , anxious and confused . She also fears that her too-busy country has developed what she calls "  a culture of anhedonia , " or the lack of ability to feel pleasure and joy . "  People just are not laughing as much , " Pipher said , adding that she rarely hears anyone walking around singing or whistling , like she did growing up . The psychologist says many people fault themselves for being too busy and think they just have to grab more control of their lives . Women put too many expectations on themselves : having a career , being physically fit , being in good relationships with family and friends , reading good literature , doing community work , recycling and buying green , and being involved in some sort of spiritual quest . And when they fail to accomplish all that in one day , she said , "  they go to sleep thinking , ' I did n't get done what I needed to , and somehow that is my fault . ' " Men are also heading down the path of feeling like a failure , as more of them share the "  second shift " work of child care , cooking and cleaning at home . But the workplace has n't shifted much to accommodate men who are more involved in their families , Pipher says . People 's efforts to squeeze so much more work into the unchanging number of hours in a day has caused them to abandon the mammalian rhythms that "  we 've operated on since the beginning of the human race . " Breaking those natural rhythms , Pipher says , leads people to avoid eye contact as they tell themselves it might distract them from the busy and important work that they 've got to rush to do . Also , moving too fast makes it difficult to see anything that is n't moving at the same speed , again leading to people not seeing each other . "  That 's got to be some kind of enormous human tragedy on a cultural level , " she noted . "  Our time famine is actually diminishing the quality of the human experience in a very serious way . " Our too-frenetic lives also dulls our senses , she says , leading us to "  lose all capacity for joy , because joy comes from actually appreciating and being in the senses and being in the body . " Pipher realizes that most people do n't have the ability or the money to take an extended leave , like she did for about three months . But she says there are other ways they can slow down . The author says she has become a "  seeker of moments " : those times when you stop in your tracks and really pay attention to something beautiful or feel a connection to another person . She suggests ways others can capture such moments :  Take part in any daily practice that allows for stillness and quiet , such as meditation , sitting and drinking a cup of tea , stopping to watch a sunset or just lying in bed and being aware of your breathing for five minutes every morning before getting up .  Make a gratitude list at the end of the day to remind you where there was joy , or something spontaneous or fun during the day .  Choose to make human connections by looking directly into the eyes of the barista taking your latte order , your coworker or your child 's teacher or day care provider .  Set aside an area in your home -- a room or even a chair -- that is the quiet or calm spot . And any member of the family can go there and be undisturbed while they "  deal with their own inner architecture for a little while . "  Turn off machines and live as close as possible to olden times by walking , talking or cooking with others .  Interact with pets . "  Dogs and cats move at the same speed in 2010 as they did in 1910 , " so there is a calmness in being with them , and they do n't care if you 're a high achiever or successful or well-paid .	Best-selling author Mary Pipher : People work so much they miss joy , other people She says people fault themselves for being too busy , try to grab more control "  Time famine is actually diminishing the quality of the human experience "
Rolling Stone  -- No rock icon has sealed his vault as tightly as Bob Seger . Six early albums have been out of print for decades , he has no box set , and the words "  bonus track " seem to be anathema to him . He held back on a two-disc hits collection for years , but he 's finally relented . Good thing . Previous sets did n't have his 1968 garage-jam classic "  Ramblin ' Gamblin ' Man , " and this set has a smoking cover of Little Richard 's "  Hey Hey Hey Hey  Going Back to Birmingham  . " Off the Cuff : ` Muppets ' Star Jason Segel Cried When He Met Kermit All the big hits are here , though nothing sounds as glorious as the live "  Travelin ' Man/Beautiful Loser " medley . The Black Keys Show Off a Decade of Hard Work at Album Release Show An insane amount of material still remains locked up , however . Hey , Bob , cough it up ! Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	This set has a smoking cover of Little Richard 's "  Hey Hey Hey Hey " Nothing sounds as glorious as the live "  Travelin ' Man/Beautiful Loser " medley An insane amount of material still remains locked up
CNN  -- Online classified service Craigslist 's decision to censor its adult services section is a "  good step but a continuing battle has to be fought , " a leader in the fight against prostitution ads said on Sunday . "  I 'm very pleased by this very solid and significant apparent step in the right direction , " said Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal , who spearheaded a recent letter from 17 attorneys general urging Craigslist to discontinue its adult services section . "  I say apparent because we have received no definite or definitive word from Craigslist that the shutdown is permanent or complete , " Blumenthal told CNN 's Tom Foreman . Blumenthal said he wants to broaden his fight against online prostitution ads but that "  right now our focus is really on Craigslist . " "  We 're taking it one step at a time , " he said . "  We want to verify and confirm that Craigslist is in fact shutting down  its adult services section  . " The embattled website has been under fire for allegations that it promotes prostitution . "  These prostitution ads enable human trafficking and assaults on women , " Blumenthal said Saturday . "  They are flagrant and rampant . Craigslist has lacked the wherewithal or will to effectively screen them out . " The section that usually reads "  adult services " on Craigslist was replaced Saturday by the word "  censored . " It was not clear whether Craigslist removed the adult services and replaced them with the "  censored " section , which had a link that was not active . But for users who accessed the account outside the United States , the adult services link was still active . Craigslist representatives said on Saturday that they will release a statement at a later time . "  If it remains shut down it will be a model for other sites , we hope , because Craigslist is by far the biggest , " said Blumenthal , who is running for the U.S. Senate in Connecticut as a Democrat . He said that he would try to change federal laws to make it easier to prosecute sites like Craigslist . "  Craigslist says it can not be held legally responsible for anything on its site , " he said . "  My belief is strongly ... that we need to change that . " In the August 24 letter to Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster and founder Craig Newmark , the attorneys general wrote : "  The increasingly sharp public criticism of Craigslist 's Adult Services section reflects a growing recognition that ads for prostitution -- including ads trafficking children -- are rampant on it . " Blumenthal said on Sunday that attorneys general from three more states have joined his campaign against Craigslist 's adult services ads . Blumenthal did n't say which attorneys general joined the initial list of 17 . A Craigslist spokeswoman said at the time that the site agreed with at least some of the letter . "  We strongly support the attorneys general desire to end trafficking in children and women , through the internet or by any other means , " said Susan MacTavish Best , who handles press inquiries for Craigslist . "  We hope to work closely with them , as we are with experts at nonprofits and in law enforcement , to prevent misuse of our site in facilitation of trafficking , and to combat such crimes wherever they appear , online or offline . " In their letter , the attorneys general highlighted an open letter , which appeared as a Washington Post ad , in which two girls said they were sold for sex on Craigslist . When the ad came out , Buckmaster wrote a blog post in response that said , "  Craigslist is anxious to know that the perpetrators in these girls ' cases are behind bars . " The letter also highlighted a report in May by CNN 's Amber Lyon , who posted a fake ad for a girl 's services in the adult section . She received 15 calls soliciting sex in three hours . Earlier this month , Lyon interviewed a woman named "  Jessica " who sells sex on Craigslist . The woman said a Craigslist ad was "  the fastest , quickest way you 're for sure going to see somebody that day . " In a later blog post , Buckmaster said Craigslist implemented manual screening of adult services ads in May 2009 . "  Since that time , before being posted each individual ad is reviewed by an attorney , " the post said . He said the attorneys are trained to enforce Craigslist 's posting guidelines , "  which are stricter than those typically used by yellow pages , newspapers , or any other company that we are aware of . " Attorneys general from Arkansas , Connecticut , Idaho , Illinois , Iowa , Kansas , Maryland , Michigan , Mississippi , Missouri , New Hampshire , Ohio , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas and Virginia made the request a week after accused "  Craigslist killer " Philip Markoff committed suicide in jail . Markoff was charged with the April 2009 killing of Julissa Brisman . Boston Police said that Brisman , a model , advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist , and Markoff might have met her through the website . In 2008 , under pressure from state prosecutors , the website raised the fees for posting adult services ads . In 2009 , it started donating portions of the money generated by adult ads to charity . A CNN investigation of Craigslist 's adult services section , which replaced "  erotic services ads " two years ago , counted more than 7,000 ads in a single day . Many offered thinly veiled "  services " for anything from $ 50 for a half-hour to $ 400 an hour . CNN 's Deborah Doft and Nicky Robertson contributed to this report .	NEW : Connecticut attorney general says Craigslist action is a "  good step " NEW : Richard Blumenthal wants law change to make Craigslist legally accountable The word "  censored " replaces Craigslist section where adult services used to be The website has been accused of promoting prostitution in its adult services section
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli government 's press division is apologizing for circulating a link to a video that mocks activists aboard a ship headed to Gaza earlier this week that was blocked by an Israeli raid . "  Due to a misunderstanding on our part , earlier  Friday  we inadvertently issued a video link that had been sent for our perusal , " according to a statement from Israel 's Government Press Office , which distributed the link to media outlets . "  It was not intended for general release , " the statement said . "  The contents of the video in no way represent the official policy of either the Government Press Office or of the State of Israel . " The video , titled "  We Con the World " -- set to the tune of the 1985 hit , "  We are the World " -- was put together by Caroline Glick , a former member of the Israel Defense Forces and columnist for the Jerusalem Post . In the video , up to a dozen members of the so-called "  Flotilla Choir " -- some wearing a variation of traditional Arab dress -- sing satirical verses , such as : "  There 's no people dying , so the best that we can do is create the biggest bluff of all . " On her blog , Glick , who briefly appears in the video , says , "  We produced a clip in English . There we feature the Turkish-Hamas ` love boat ' captain , crew and passengers in a musical explanation of how they con the world . " "  We think this is an important Israeli contribution to the discussion of recent events and we hope you distribute it far and wide , " she adds . Nine Turkish citizens were killed Monday after violence erupted on one of six ships in a flotilla carrying humanitarian aid to the Palestinian Gaza Strip . A number of other people were wounded . Israel said the passengers initiated the attack ; the passengers blamed the troops . That incident drew widespread condemnation and cast a spotlight on the dynamics of the Gaza crisis . On Saturday , Israel intercepted the final boat that was part of the flotilla , though the incident aboard the Irish-owned MV Rachel Corrie ended peacefully about 22 miles off the Gaza coast . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev dismissed the the video link , saying , "  The GPO sends out lots of articles . It does n't mean they like it . " Regev said he first noticed the video on the New York Times website . "  I called my kids in to watch it because I thought it was funny , " he said . "  It is what Israelis feel . But the government has nothing to do with it . The GPO distributes non-government items , things that we think that show our side of the story . " It was not the first time the Israeli GPO stirred controversy with its public communications on the Gaza flotilla . Prior to the storming of the Turkish ship , the GPO sent an e-mail to journalists sarcastically recommending that while covering "  alleged humanitarian difficulties , " journalists should dine at one of Gaza 's few restaurants . "  We have been told the beef stroganoff and cream of spinach soup are highly recommended , " the e-mail said . The message included an internet link to an old promotional video for the restaurant . The e-mail drew criticism from the foreign press and pro-Palestinian activists . In an interview with the Jerusalem Post , GPO director Danny Seaman defended the communication , arguing that foreign media coverage of Gaza was not balanced . CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	NEW : E-mail sent by press office prior to ship 's storming also sparked controversy Israeli press office sorry for distributing video mocking flotilla activists "  We Con the World " video created by Jerusalem Post columnist Israeli PM spokesman : Video captures what "  Israelis feel "
CNN  -- Shark attacks on humans were at the lowest levels in half a decade last year , and a Florida researcher says hard economic times may be to blame . Fewer people in the water means less chance for sharks to attack , ichthyologist George Burgess says . Sharks attacked 59 people in 2008 , the lowest number of attacks since 57 in 2003 , according to George Burgess , director of the International Shark Attack File , part of the Florida Museum of Natural History on the University of Florida campus in Gainesville . There were 71 attacks in 2007 . "  One ca n't help but think that the downturn in the economy played a part in it , " Burgess said . Fewer people , especially outside of the United States , have the resources to go to the beach , he said . "  To have a shark attack , you have to have humans and sharks in the water at the same time , " Burgess said . "  If you have a reduction in the number of people in the water , you 're going to have a reduction in the opportunities for people and sharks to get together . " "  We noticed similar declines during the recession that followed the events of 2001 , despite the fact that human populations continued to rise , " the ichthyologist said . Sharks killed four people in 2008 , Burgess said : one in California , one in Australia and two in Mexico . Forty-one of the 59 attacks worldwide came in the United States , and 32 of those occurred in Florida . Surfers accounted for 57 percent of shark attacks , swimmers and waders were the targets in 36 percent of the attacks , and divers the rest , he said . Burgess said the U.S. tends to see more attacks because of a large number of surfers , who are a favorite target of sharks . And neither the economy nor the attacks tend to keep American surfers from practicing their sport . "  All they have to do is drive to the beach with the board and get into the water , and the rest is free , " he said . And while an attack may make them a bit more wary , he said , "  I 've yet to find a surfer who says he or she wo n't go back into the water after a bite or a nip . " When the economy improves , shark attack numbers are likely to go up again , according to Burgess , predicting the number of attacks in the next decade will surpass those of the past 10 years . "  We 're putting so many people in the water that humans are dictating the shark attack situation , " he said .	Sharks attacked 59 people worldwide in 2008 , Florida researcher reports Four people killed by sharks last year Economic downturn means fewer people hitting beaches , researcher says Surfers account for 57 percent of shark attacks
Fifty-two people are missing after a South Korean fishing boat sank in the Bering Sea , the South Korean government said . The vessel sank Monday with 60 crew members on board . Eight people were rescued , but one of them later died , said Kim Hong-won , an official at the South Korean Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries . The cause of the sinking , in the frigid waters that lie between far-eastern Russia and Alaska , was n't clear . The crew consisted of 35 Indonesians , 13 Filipinos , 11 South Koreans and one Russian , Kim said .	Eight people were rescued , but one of them later died , authorities say The vessel 's crew included Indonesians , Filipinos , South Koreans and a Russian
CNN  -- In Pennsylvania , Tyler Dix , a 16-year-old movie buff , is wide awake by 7 a.m. to cook breakfast for his younger siblings . Moranda Hern and Kaylei Deakin started Sisterhood of the Traveling BDUs , or battle dress uniforms . In Georgia , Tucker Simmons , a 14-year old novice guitarist , prepares ice packs for his mother whenever her chronic lower back pain kicks in . In California , Kaylei Deakin , an avid 17-year old rock climber , disciplines her little sisters when they act out . Tyler , Tucker and Kaylei are three teenagers from across the country who have very different interests , but one experience that bonds them : They grew up fast -- sometimes too quickly -- to fill the shoes of mom or dad when their parent was shipped off to wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . As the death toll from the two wars has risen over the last eight years , the fight has also affected a growing number of children left at home to cope without a parent . Whether it 's raising their siblings or getting an after-school job , teens with parents in the military feel pressure to step up . "  These teens are expected to take on the responsibility the deployed parent used to take care of , " said Mary Carolyn Voght , director of programs for Our Military Kids , a nonprofit organization that provides support to children with a deployed parent in the National Guard . "  There 's usually the expectation that they will pitch in and help out more . " More than 30,000 teens between 12 and 18 have at least one parent in the National Guard deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan , according to the Department of Defense . When all military branches are taken into consideration , the American Psychological Association estimates about 700,000 children under the age of 18 have a parent deployed overseas for military duty . Playing mom and dad "  This is nothing , " said Tyler Dix modestly , describing his daily task of taking his 9-year-old sister Tayana to ballet and violin lessons and being a crying shoulder for his 13-year-old brother , Tevin , when he misses dad . "  It 's a lot of responsibility , but I do n't really have a choice . My dad told me I am the man of the house , and I have to act like it , " he said . Last December , Tyler 's father , Darryl Dix , was called to serve in Iraq . The family had a tearful goodbye at the Olive Garden , his father 's favorite restaurant . Tyler talks to his father by phone , from once a week to several times , updating him on how the rest of the family is doing . If military teens adjust well to deployment , they can be more adaptive and resilient than their peers , said Angela Huebner , associate professor of human development at Virginia Tech . The wars have changed the military course for National Guard members , many who joined under the slogan "  one weekend a month , two weeks a year . " Guard member families say they anticipated their loved one would be gone occasionally to help with domestic disasters , but not to an international war that has lasted this long . Reserve Guard members are serving for longer periods of time -- up to 15 months -- and sometimes have multiple deployments . "  Multiple deployments have multiple effects , " said Darrell Partee , chief of the service support division in the Georgia National Guard . "  It 's not like this is a latchkey kid or a parent who is traveling on business . We may not know for a long time what kind of impact these deployments are having on our children . " Fifteen-year-old Tucker Simmons ' father was sent to Iraq in 2007 for three months , and will leave again next month . While his father was gone , he learned to fix leaky plumbing in the house . He comforted his younger sister Julia when the family cat passed away , holding her hand all the way home from the vet . Tucker says he missed hanging out with his father , joking around and playing Xbox games together . "  We chose the perspective that it 's our duty to share our daddy , " Tucker 's mom Joy Simmons said . "  That feels much better than being sad all the time . But of course we miss him . " Coping without a parent Deployment can cause a child to become depressed angry and isolated , some studies show . Last year , Department of Defense documents showed a spike in the number of military children who have undergone out-patient counseling since 9/11 . Dealing with a parent 's absence is no easier for teenagers , who are already confronting the growing pains of adolescence . "  All across the board , these kids are carrying an enormous burden , " explained Patricia Barron , who runs the youth initiative programs at the nonprofit National Military Families Association . Kari McLevy of Jacksonville , Florida , recalled going through trouble after her mother , a single parent , was deployed to Iraq in 2007 for a year . Kari , 16 at the time , and her younger sister were sent to live with a family friend . Kari became reclusive and confused . It did n't help that the media was blitzed with images of war . Just a few months after her mother left , she was arrested for shoplifting . "  I pretty much realized I had to stop being a child , " said Kari , who has graduated from high school . When her mother was at war , she got a job at a deli , saving up money to get her own apartment and attend community college . "  I ca n't just rely on my parents and I have to learn to do it myself . " The Sisterhood of the Traveling BDUs Having a parent in the National Guard comes with its own challenges . National Guard members live civilian lives , so their families are often geographically isolated from others like them -- but the children of career military members live near and attend school with other kids whose parents may be sent overseas . High school student Kaylei Deakin of California remembered being teased when she wore her father 's jacket to school after he was deployed to Afghanistan in April 2007 . Jokingly , students without parents in the military asked her , "  Was your dad shot at ? " Kaylei felt alone , thinking no one could understand her , especially when her mother became depressed shortly after her father left . But Deakin said she kept busy babysitting her sisters , 8 and 3 at the time . "  I was emotional but I tried not to be in front of my sisters , " Kaylei said . This summer , while their friends were busy deciding what to wear to the pool , Kaylei and Moranda Hern , another 17-year-old California teen with a father deployed to Afghanistan with the National Guard , created the Sisterhood of the Traveling BDUs , short for "  battle dress uniform . " They 've planned a 2010 conference that will bring together 400 military girls from across the state to address the issues of being a military child . In organizing the conference , the two assumed responsibilities many college students have yet to experience : filling out tax exemption forms , developing a curriculum for participants , soliciting donations from major companies . "  If you pass by us , we do n't really have a normal teenage conversation , " said Moranda in a high-pitched bubbly voice . She 's been working on the project the entire summer . "  We sound like 35-year-old businessmen . "	Children of parents deployed to wars overseas assume adult responsibilities Deployments cause stress but also force teens to become more resilient "  My dad told me I am the man of the house , and I have to act like it , " says Tyler Dix , 16 Teens created the Sisterhood of the BDUs to bring girls together
CNN  -- Honduran authorities on Monday clashed with supporters of deposed President Jose Manuel Zelaya , but the extent of the unrest appeared limited . Zelaya supporters burn tires Monday near the presidential palace in the Honduran capital , Tegucigalpa . The Telesur TV network showed soldiers advancing on some streets of the capital , Tegucigalpa , and blue-helmeted police clashing with noisy demonstrators , one day after military troops detained Zelaya and sent him into exile . Other images showed troops , tanks and other military assets deployed around the presidential grounds . The station , a conglomerate formed by several Latin American governments and partially funded by the pro-Zelaya Venezuelan government , also aired images of demonstrators setting fires in the streets . Gauging the size and scope of the demonstrations and clashes was difficult because of limitations that journalists reported . Adriana Sivori , a reporter for Telesur , reported that she and other journalists were briefly detained and mistreated by Honduran soldiers . She was live on television as she described the troops transporting them at gunpoint . Two national television stations were taken off the air following Sunday 's military-led coup , and a third station told CNN en Espaol that its content was being limited by authorities . CNN en Espaol correspondent Krupskaia Alis , who witnessed Monday 's protests , said the demonstrators numbered in the hundreds . At least 15 were injured Monday , the newspaper La Prensa reported . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share your photos , videos The military deposed Zelaya early Sunday and flew him to Costa Rica . Roberto Micheletti , president of the Congress , was sworn in as provisional president . Zelaya had been at odds with the other branches of government over a referendum he wanted to hold Sunday . The nation 's Supreme Court ruled the referendum was illegal and Congress voted not to hold it . The Supreme Court also overturned Zelaya 's dismissal of Honduras ' top general , who said the military would not participate in the referendum . The court ordered he general be reinstated immediately . Zelaya disregarded those actions and vowed to hold the vote Sunday anyway . Watch details on "  curious situation " in Honduras " On Monday , Micheletti began to build his provisional government . He named seven new members to his cabinet , which he said will be in place until the planned presidential elections slated for November of this year . Micheletti , formerly the president of Congress , has said the change in power was not a coup , but a democratic process that saw the ousting of a president who had exceeded his power . The Honduran Supreme Court said after the coup that it had authorized the military action . The United States and most Latin American nations have condemned the coup , the first in Latin America since the end of the Cold War . While military interventions were once routine in Latin America , civilian governments have held sway across the region since the 1980s , and previously all-powerful militaries have receded into the background . "  That history is a thing of the past , and it should be buried so that it never happens again , " Jorge Arturo Reina , Honduras ' ambassador to the U.N. told CNN en Espaol , following a meeting of the General Assembly to address the issue . The head of the Organization of American States also condemned the coup . President Obama on Monday called the turmoil in Honduras a step backward from the "  enormous progress of the last 20 years in establishing democratic traditions in Latin America . " Watch what Obama has to say about the coup " "  We believe that the coup was not legal and that President Zelaya remains the president of Honduras , " Obama said . Though deposed , Zelaya continued to carry out his presidential duties , attending a special meeting of the leftist group ALBA , the Spanish acronym for Bolivarian Alternative for the Peoples of Our Americas , in Nicaragua . ALBA , founded by Cuba and Venezuela in 2004 to counter U.S. influence in Latin America , said member nations would withdraw ambassadors and top diplomats from Honduras until Zelaya is restored to power . Zelaya is expected to travel to the United Nations on Tuesday . Despite widespread condemnation for the coup , analysts see plenty of blame to go around -- and no easy solution . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share your photos , videos "  There are no heroes in this story , " said Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs . "  These people are caricatures of rectitude rather than examples of it . " The Honduran Supreme Court , he said , is "  one of the most corrupt institutions in Latin America . " And Zelaya overplayed his hand , Birns and others said . "  Zelaya was part of the problem , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue policy institute . "  He 's partly responsible for what happened . He was pushing too hard on a very fragile political institution . He was just plowing ahead against the wishes of every political institution , including his own political party . " Zelaya 's removal also raises larger issues for many fragile Latin American democracies . "  What happens when the Supreme Court decides against the president and the president ignores it ? Who enforces it ? " asked Robert Pastor , a Latin America national security adviser for President Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s . What happens next is clearly unknown . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday that an OAS delegation would travel to Honduras as early as Tuesday to begin working on restoring a constitutional government . That might not be an easy task . "  According to mainstream Honduran media sources , Zelaya 's removal has the widespread support of the political and business elite and the military , and it appears doubtful that he will be able to return to power , " said Heather Berkman , an analyst with the Eurasia Group consulting firm . "  An exit strategy is needed , " Birns said . "  But it 's going to be extremely difficult to come out with an exit strategy unless they get consent of key players like the national legislature . " Pastor holds out some hope . "  I do n't think it 's impossible , " he said . Said Hakim : "  You can never put the toothpaste back in the tube . But you can provide a peaceful transition process . " CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Zelaya remains the president of Honduras , " says President Obama NEW : Journalists briefly detained , mistreated by Honduran soldiers New government declares indefinite curfew , shuts down media sources Politicians call for new government to be isolated diplomatically , politically
CNN  -- A recent article in The New York Times noted that the nation 's divorce rate -- which plateaued for years at around 50 % -- has significantly dropped -- to just above 40 % . As almost an aside , the writer mentioned that only one group , the 50-plusers , have seen their rate of divorce surge 50 % in the past 20 years . Oops -- to this boomer , that is "  burying the lead . " Why would only the boomers have a significant growth in marital dissolution -- one in four divorces after age 50 -- while other ages do not ? After all , it 's counterintuitive : Traditionally marriages are most vulnerable to divorce in the first seven to 10 years . Should we see this as a harbinger of doom for 30-year-olds getting married today ? We might surmise from these data that the only reason the 20 - and 30-somethings ' divorce rate is lower is that they just have n't lived as long . And , to be sure , some demographers do believe that eventually we can expect the marriages of Generation Xers and millennials to meet the same fate as all of those divorcing boomers . However , I would like to float this idea : It wo n't necessarily happen that way . Boomers ' unique social history may make them more divorce-prone than other groups . Why ? Baby boomers , those 79 million born roughly between 1945 and 1964 , are a specific cohort because of the conditions and events that they both experienced and , sometimes , created . Boomers came of age as relatively pampered children of a great postwar economy . With their adolescent disrespect for the past and their theme of "  sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll , " they pushed against the restrictive conventions of social life their parents more or less had accepted . They cut a swath through history partly because of their bulk -- 26 % of the U.S. population -- and partly because of their critical approach to the status quo . As young adults , large numbers of them were part of the civil rights , anti-war , gay rights and women 's movements . Books and magazine articles in their time attacked  and counterattacked  traditional gender roles -- and the institution of marriage and its traditions . Boomer women experienced more recreational sex and more sex partners than women in previous generations . New job opportunities and careers helped create the changes in household formation  such as who was or was n't home during the day , who did less or more housework , and who wanted more or less sex  that disrupted traditional marriage . As a result , the boomers experienced decades of relationship innovation , creating cultural confusion about whether marriage was necessary , and what made an excellent -- or even adequate -- marriage . As boomer men and women wavered between choosing self-fulfillment over older traditions of duty , loyalty and lifetime marriage at any cost , the institution of marriage became , over time , more of a voluntary association than a predictably permanent one . Sociologist and demographer Andrew Cherlin has written that between the 1960s and '70s the divorce rate skyrocketed , correlating exactly with the first divorces at the leading edge of the boomer generation . And while the rate leveled out in the 1980s , a large number of people had already defected toward new opportunities for emotional and sexual self-fulfillment . In many ways , divorce rates are the boomers ' legacy . But why does this group continue to make marital changes even in middle and late middle age ? Because they are still making it up as they go along , inventing middle age pretty much the same way they made up adolescence and marriage , redefining the parameters of personal relationships and reinventing what different stages of the life cycle could look like . They are fighting fiercely to remain youthful , to stay employed and/or passionately engaged with life , sexually vibrant  particularly with the help of new medical interventions  and regard their 50s and 60s as every bit the opportunity for love and sexual attraction that their 20s and 30s were . At age 55 or 65 , they look at spending 20 or 30 more years with the same person -- and unlike their parents , whose sense of duty was stronger and opportunities to repair weaker , they are ready to walk if things are n't up to their hopes , dreams or delusions about marriage . So why do n't I think this same cycle will happen for our 30-somethings ?  They are more sober about marriage than boomers were at the same ages . They 've seen what high divorce rates felt like when their parents split up -- and many of them desperately want to avoid that kind of emotional carnage for their children or for themselves . Indeed a Pew Research study on social and demographic trends found that "  when it comes to divorce , the baby boomers are less conservative than younger generations : 66 % say divorce is preferable to staying in an unhappy marriage , compared with 54 % of younger adults who say so . "  They are getting married later : The average age for college-educated men and women is in their late 20s . They are more mature , already gaining or losing traction in their chosen work or career , and potential partners can better gauge them as a marriage prospect . Finally , they have been out of school longer , most of them have lived with someone one or more times , and they know more about the world and relationships .  They have experienced a treacherous economy . Their parents grew up in a lush financial period , but they did not . Young couples are more like their grandparents or great grandparents : aware of the need to pull together for economic security . While not all boomers prospered during the hot economy that attended most of their adult years , they did n't start out being careful about the economic consequences of divorce in the way that their children -- and their own parents -- had to do . Of course there is no telling if the divorce rate will continue to decline into the future . Sadly , I would not predict that it will . We expect too much from marriage ; we have much too high expectations for what a partner should be throughout a long life cycle -- and we live a long time . It 's hard to keep a marriage strong , passionate and relevant over so many decades . But there is that 40 % divorce rate . Maybe not exactly something to crow about , but better odds of having a marriage worth staying in is all to the good for the couple , our society and certainly the next generation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pepper Schwartz .	Pepper Schwartz : Baby boomers ' divorce rate doubled while U.S. divorce rate is down She says boomers redid rules on marriage and want fulfillment as they age , not tradition Schwartz : Young people face tough economy and are marrying later They may not divorce like boomers as they grower older , she says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Dr. David Ores , or Dr. Dave as he 's referred to by his patients , is n't your average neighborhood doctor . It 's not because his arms are covered with tattoos of nearly naked women or because he drives a Harley to work , but because eight months ago he started New York City 's first health care cooperative for restaurant workers . The Harley-riding Dr. David Ores has started New York 's first health care cooperative for restaurant workers . The Restaurant Worker 's Health Care Cooperative , currently servicing 15 restaurants in lower Manhattan , provides free health care to all restaurant employees , from bus boys to bartenders . Every month the owner or manager of each restaurant contributes money into a common fund based on its number of employees . In return , their workers can go see Dr. Dave with any kind of health issue they may have . Dr. Dave , a graduate of Columbia Medical School , has been treating uninsured people for more than a decade . He decided to start the co-op after noticing a trend among patients working in the restaurant industry . "  Over the past ten years , I 've seen many patients that work in restaurants , and there were always two things in common : They had no real access to any kind of medical care , and they also waited a long time to come see a doctor , " Ores says . "  I decided to form this co-op in order to get them early , basic health care . " Watch the doctor at work " The restaurant workers , many of whom have never been medically insured , can now make appointments , stop by the office , text medical questions and even send photos of their injuries to Dr. Dave , free of charge . "  This is my first checkup ever , " Asaf , a waiter at Macao Trading Co. , told CNN in the waiting room . "  It 's an example of how someone finds an easy and fair solution to a serious problem or a need . " And statistics show there is , in fact , a need . According to a 2005 study by the Restaurant Opportunities Center of New York , about 73 percent of all New York restaurant workers -- about 160,000 people -- have no health insurance . The co-op comes as a relief to restaurant owners who would ideally like to provide medical insurance to their employees but can not afford to do so . "  Obviously we want to take care of our people , but financially we 're only capable of doing so much , " says restaurant owner Billy Gilroy . "  This was the perfect opportunity to be able to extend the ability to find medical services through the restaurant , but in a way that 's affordable . " The price for use of the co-op 's services ranges from as little as $ 50 a month for an establishment with a couple of employees to $ 400 a month for a larger restaurant . Dr. Dave , who works as a general practitioner and sees other patients , is able to support himself because both his office and apartment are located in rent-stabilized buildings operated by the Lower East Side People 's Mutual Housing Association , a not-for-profit housing group that charges him only $ 800 a month for rent . With health care currently a hot-button political issue , Dr. Dave sees this local , not-for-profit health system as a model for how national health care in America could work . "  I 'm not against profit , " he says . "  I just do n't think you can have a for-profit health system that provides everyone with proper health care . It 's just never going to work . " In the meantime , Dr. Dave has plans to expand . "  In the next year I 'd like for our little health co-op to offer more services . Maybe dental , more hours in the evening , maybe hire a second doctor . " He also hopes to offer routine checkups for all workers , so he can catch illnesses early and hopefully prevent steeper medical costs down the road . Although Dr. Dave started the program only eight months ago , he 's no stranger to helping others . "  I would call him a pioneer in health care , I would call him a pioneer as a human being , and also as a doctor , " says restaurant owner and longtime friend Julio Pea , who has been benefiting from Dr. Dave 's services for quite a while . "  We 've been trading pasta and cappuccinos for stitching somebody up with him for years , and now that he 's doing it with other people , it 's great . "	Health care cooperative helps New York restaurant workers Not-for-profit system now enables workers to see a doctor when necessary "  Dr. Dave " now has plans to expand coverage , hours of service "  I would call him a pioneer in health care , " friend says of Dr. Dave
A Chinese court has sentenced four people to death for their roles in last year 's deadly riots in the western city of Urumqi , state media said Tuesday . The sentences for the defendants were to be carried out immediately . They were charged with "  extremely serious crimes , " said state-run Xinjiang Daily . The newspaper said a fifth person , who was also sentenced to death , was granted a two-year reprieve . Several others were given varying jail sentences , including life imprisonment . They were on trial for incidents of "  vandalism , burning and serious violence , " the newspaper said . Urumqi , the capital of the Xinjiang region , was shaken last July when long-simmering resentment between minority Uyghurs and majority Han Chinese erupted into riots and left more than 200 people dead . The following month , a series of series of syringe stabbings added to the unrest .	July riots between minority Uyghurs and Han Chinese left more than 200 dead Four sentenced to death were charged with "  extremely serious crimes " Another person sentenced to death but given two-year reprieve Others given varying jail sentences , including life imprisonment
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A blogger believed to be the target of the attack that brought down Twitter Thursday has told CNN the cyber assault was politically motivated and timed to coincide with the one-year anniversary of the Russia-Georgia conflict . Cyxymu 's Twitter account was said by Facebook 's security officer to be the target of Thursday 's attack . "  Cyxymu " has identified himself to CNN as "  George , " and the owner of the Twitter , Facebook and LiveJournal accounts named by Facebook 's security officer as being the target of a coordinated online attack . George told CNN in an e-mail his username is "  the name of my home town , the capital of Abkhazia  Sokhum  written in Russian and typed in Latin letters . " He confirmed he is 34 years old and based in Tbilisi , Georgia , but declined to give further information which may reveal his identity . George told CNN his blogposts may have "  irritated " someone enough to incite a cyber attack . His recent posts include : "  How Russia was preparing military agression  sic  against Georgia , how they were training soldiers and mobilizing military equipment , what kind of provocations were carried out by the separatists prior to the war . " "  Seems somebody did not like such a chronicle of events , " he told CNN . "  I was also writing about all reforms implemented in Georgia in recent times so that all people outside Georgia could have proper information . " He said the main purpose of his blogs was to promote the resumption of relations between the Abkhazian and Georgian people . "  I assume the above-mentioned could irritate those who are the authors of the given cyber attack and who will never accept the idea of the United , independent , democratic and prosperous Georgia , " he said . Twitter -- a micro-blogging site where users post 140-character messages to their followers -- went down for around two hours Thursday . Twitter said the site 's blackout was caused by a "  denial-of-service attack , " which likely means a hacker used a number of infected computers to send enough automated requests to the site to overwhelm it . Facebook and LiveJournal , a blogging site , also experienced problems . In a statement , Facebook said the attack , "  resulted in a short period of degraded site experience for some visitors . No user data was at risk and the matter is now resolved for the majority of users . " Facebook security officer Max Kelly told CNet news Thursday the attack was designed to silence an outspoken blogger known by the username , "  cyxymu . " "  It was a simultaneous attack across a number of properties targeting him to keep his voice from being heard , " Kelly told CNet . "  We 're actively investigating the source of the attacks and we hope to be able to find out the individuals involved in the back end and to take action against them if we can . " The Georgian government has confirmed it 's investigating potential links between the attacks and the user in Tbilisi , Georgia , according to Shota Utiashvili , head of the Department of Information and Analysis at the Ministry of the Interior . Although they had no details yet , the spokesman said there were suspicions that the attack may have come from Russia , but it will take "  some more time " before they could reach any conclusions . The Interior Ministry could not confirm the user 's identity . Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant at computer security firm Sophos told CNN it was unlikely the attacker intended to cripple Twitter , or to cause widespread disruption . "  I suspect that whoever did this did n't really want to bring down the likes of Twitter and cause problems for those other sites , they just wanted that material off because they objected to what it was saying , perhaps for a political reason , " he said . Cluley said Thursday 's attacks started with a spamming campaign , called a "  joejob , " which is designed to tar a victim 's online reputation by appearing to be the source of a wave of spam . "  The first thing they did was they started spamming out e-mails , using his name , pointing to Web pages he has on those Web sites , " Cluely said . "  Some people have speculated that the ` denial-of-service ' happened after people received these e-mails and clicked on the links . But I think that 's poppycock . I do n't think many people would have clicked on the links . "  I think that instead what happened is that whoever had a vendetta against it took it one stage further and decided to launch a ` denial-of-service ' attack against his pages , hoping of course that the pages would be taken down and he 'd been taken off these sites . " Cluely said "  denial-of-service " attacks were reported last year when Russia deployed troops to South Ossetia to repel Georgian forces . "  We saw a series of denial of service attacks coming both from Russia and from Georgia a year ago when the conflict took off . " Read more about recent conflict in the region "  It 's not unusual now , when there 's a tense part of the world where there 's conflict happening , for hackers to take matters into their own hands and to take potshots like this , " he said . "  But in this case , it looks like that collateral damage was all of Twitter . "	"  Cyxymu " is username of a 34-year-old pro-Georgia blogger named "  George " Facebook security officer names "  cyxymu " as the target of cyber assault Twitter went down for two hours Thursday after "  denial-of-service " attack "  Denial-of-service " attack coincides with anniversary of Russia-Georgia conflict
CNN  -- Former England cricket captain Michael Atherton has called him "  ruthless , " but for Lalit Modi , the man behind cricket 's revolutionary Indian Premier League and vice-president of the Board of Control for Cricket in India  BCCI  , this is less of a criticism and more a statement of fact . Bringing glitz to the game , Lalit Modi is the man behind cricket 's Indian revolution . "  I am ruthless , without doubt , " he told CNN 's Talk Asia in Mumbai . "  Otherwise we would n't get where we were . " Many believe that Modi , 44 , has taken cricket into a new era , turning a sport that can be baffling to watch and take five days to play , into a brightly-colored instant hit of action taking just a few hours . With cheerleaders , the best players in the world and even Bollywood stars as part owners of some of the teams , Modi has concocted a recipe fit for prime-time TV consumption , in a country renown for its passion for the game . Modi 's came up with the idea of a new Indian cricket league came 14 years ago , but resisted the involvement of the BBCI at that time , citing too many vested interested within India 's main cricketing body that would have spoiled his ideas . While ruthless he is also astute to the financial potential of cricket in India and the IPL . After graduating from Duke University in the U.S. in sports management he returned to India to launch ESPN and 10 Sports . Coming from a family that controls Modi Enterprise , an industrial conglomerate worth $ 1.5 billion , Modi admits his family were concerned that he was moving away from business and spending so much time with cricket while setting up the IPL . "  They did n't think that I 'll be spending so much time with cricket , and cricket has taken up so much time of my time , but the job has made it so demanding . Either I do it well , and if I do it well then I need to give the time for it , " he told CNN . It 's been time well spent , both professionally and personally : Modi has his own private jet , gets mobbed in the streets by fans and can hang out with Bollywood stars . Yet he has n't made a fortune from the IPL : "  I have an honorary position and BCCI is a charity and a trust . It 's a nonprofit-making organization and we do this for development of the game and I 'm passionate about the game . " However as vice-president of the BCCI he has been instrumental in boosting its revenues , brokering television deals and sponsorship associations that could see it top the $ 1 billion mark in the next five years . It 's no surprise that such an iconoclastic figure in a game rooted in tradition has his personal critics and those that are skeptical about the direction he is taking the game . Modi was not without controversy himself , as he was accused of drug dealing and abduction while at university , claims that were never proven . The 20-over version of the game played in the IPL has worried some that the finer points of the game may be sacrificed for the instant , mass-market appeal . But for Modi , it 's quite simple : "  We 've hit records in viewership , record numbers in sponsorships sales , record number in team franchise sales , the owner themselves have done so well , the stadiums are full . We got Bollywood involved , I mean it 's a script that I could n't have written better myself . "	Lalit Modi is the man behind cricket 's Indian Premier League Has been credited with transforming the game , although not without criticism Modi has been called ` the most influential man ' in cricket
CNN  Nine British citizens were arrested in Turkey on Wednesday , suspected of trying to cross illegally into Syria , the Turkish military said on its website . The group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11 , with the youngest born in 2013 , a Turkish official told CNN on condition of anonymity . The nine were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border , the Turkish military said . It did n't say why the group allegedly was trying to get into Syria , which has been torn by a roughly four-year war between Syrian government forces and Islamist extremist groups and other rebels . Among the war 's combatants is ISIS , which has taken over parts of Syria and Iraq for what it claims is its Islamic caliphate , and which is known to have been recruiting Westerners . Accompanying the children were three men and two women ; all nine had British passports , the Turkish official said . UK police charge man with terror offenses after Turkey trip The British Foreign Office said Wednesday that it is aware of reports of the arrests and that it is seeking information about the incident from Turkish authorities . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul , and Elaine Ly reported from London . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	The group included four children , Turkish official says Turkish military did n't say what group 's intent was UK Foreign Office says it is trying to get information from Turkish officials
CNN  A Connecticut 17-year-old who was forced to undergo nearly six months of chemotherapy to treat Hodgkin lymphoma is in remission , her attorney said Monday . "  Cassandra C. , " as she is identified in court papers , was diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma in September . Medical experts gave her an 85 % chance of survival if treated with chemotherapy . Without it , doctors said at the time , she was likely to die within two years . After her diagnosis , the young woman and her mother missed follow-up appointments , prompting the hospital to contact the Connecticut Department of Children and Families . They were concerned it was a case of medical neglect . After an investigation , the department requested temporary custody of Cassandra . She was removed from her mother 's home and placed with a relative . A judge then allowed her to return home under the supervision of Department of Children and Families on condition she agree to complete the recommended treatment . After two days of chemotherapy in November , Cassandra ran away for a week , according to court documents . When she returned home she said she wanted to discontinue the treatment . Her mother , Jackie Fortin , who said she is opposed to chemotherapy , said her daughter did n't want the treatment because she did not want to put the "  poison " in her body . In December , a judge returned Cassandra to the custody of Department of Children and Families after hearing testimony from her attorney . She was admitted to Connecticut Children 's Medical Center in Hartford . Doctors surgically implanted a port in Cassandra 's chest to administer chemotherapy medications , which began in spite of legal maneuvers to halt them . Now , she has just two treatments left , according to her state appointed attorney , Josh Michtom , who said she is feeling well and she is in good shape as far as her health is concerned . "  She 's seen in her case the side effects were n't bad and she 's been well treated by the nurses and doctors and does want to complete the treatment , " he said . In January , he and an attorney for Cassandra 's mother failed in their effort before the Connecticut Supreme Court to make the case that Cassandra was mature enough to make her own medical decision . In a statement emailed to CNN on Monday , Department of Children and Families Commissioner Joette Katz said , "  We are very pleased with Cassandra 's progress toward a complete recovery . We understand how difficult this has been for Cassandra and her family , but we have had full confidence throughout that the medical professionals involved in her treatment would be successful in saving her life . " The agency has denied CNN 's request to speak with Cassandra or her physicians . Michtom said he will return to juvenile court next week to try to persuade a judge that Cassandra should be returned to her mother 's custody . He will argue she is no longer in imminent risk of harm from her illness and that she wants to complete her treatment . According to Michtom , Department of Children and Families could have withdrawn its position for an order of custody but has n't . He said the department sees Cassandra as a flight risk . In the meantime , Cassandra is said to spend her days reading , watching TV and drawing . "  The hospital is effectively jail , " Michtom said .	Cassandra C in remission after nearly 6 months of forced chemo for Hodgkin lymphoma Attorney will ask judge to return teen to her mother 's custody Teen is no longer opposed to chemotherapy treatments
CNN  -- In the middle of a shooting spree that killed three people and unleashed terror on Southern California motorists Tuesday morning , Ali Syed told one of his carjacking victims to walk away , police say . "  Mr. Syed ... said , ' I do n't want to hurt you , I killed somebody . Today 's my last day . Give me your keys , ' " Tustin Police Chief Scott Jordan told reporters . According to preliminary accounts from police , Syed , 20 , did n't intentionally spare another target . Police say they believe Syed , a part-time college student , fatally shot a woman at his family 's Ladera Ranch home before killing two other people -- including a senior citizen executed outside his vehicle -- and wounding three others as he fired a shotgun at Orange County motorists on the Costa Mesa Freeway and committed three carjackings . The spree ended when Syed died after he turned his gun on himself as police approached on a road north of Tustin , authorities say . The Orange County Sheriff 's Department says it was called to the Ladera Ranch home , where Syed lived with his parents , on a report of shots fired about 4:45 a.m. PT . A woman in her 20s was found dead there . Police said she was n't related to Syed , but they did n't release her name , and they said they did n't know why she was at the home . Syed left the home in his parents ' SUV , police said . About 25 minutes after that police call and 20 miles to the northwest , Syed drove into a Denny 's and Big Lots parking lot in Tustin , exited the vehicle and shot a driver in the back of the head , Jordan said . The wounded motorist -- a man who was waiting for his son to carpool with him to work -- managed to drive away before stopping near an overpass , Jordan said . The victim was being treated Tuesday , police said . That 's when Syed , whose SUV had a flat tire , approached the man he would spare . Syed ran toward the man at a nearby gas station , took his keys and drove the pickup truck away without firing at him , Jordan said . Syed then drove south on the Costa Mesa Freeway , exited onto a transition road , got out of the vehicle and fired a shotgun at southbound vehicles on the freeway , hitting three vehicles , police said . One of the freeway drivers was wounded in the hand and face , but investigators do n't know whether the wounds were from shotgun rounds or debris , according to Jordan . Police said Syed then drove to nearby Santa Ana , crashing the pickup into a curb on a freeway off-ramp . There , he pointed the shotgun at Melvin L. Edwards , 69 , of Laguna Hills , who was in a BMW at a stop sign . "  Syed ... got  Edwards  out of the car at gunpoint , walked him across the road and executed him -- shot him three times , " Jordan said . Syed drove Edwards ' BMW to the parking lot of a Tustin-area Micro Center computer store , where police said he found his next two shooting victims . Syed shot and killed Jeremy Lewis , 26 , of Fullerton , who was in a vehicle in the lot , police said . Lewis had worked at a construction site across the street . People from the construction site then approached , and Syed shot and wounded one of them in the arm , Jordan said . Syed entered that person 's vehicle and drove north on the Costa Mesa Freeway before exiting again . By that time , authorities had received many phone calls about the shootings , and California Highway Patrol officers found Syed driving at an intersection about 5 miles north of Tustin , Jordan said . Syed exited the vehicle as it slowly rolled near the intersection , according to police . "  There really was n't a confrontation at that very end , " Jordan said . "  As soon as he got out of his vehicle , before it actually came to a complete stop , he shot and killed himself , " Jordan said . Syed was unemployed and taking one class at Saddleback College in Mission Viejo , an Orange County Sheriff 's Department spokesman said . Police said they 're trying to determine what led to the shootings , and that they did n't yet know of a motive . CNN 's John Fricke contributed to this report .	Ali Syed killed three , wounded three during spree that involved carjackings in Orange County , police say Authorities : Syed first killed woman at his parents ' home , then shot at motorists Suspect killed himself after police spotted him north of Tustin , police say
Washington  CNN  -- A bill that offers a path to citizenship to some illegal immigrants who entered the United States as children failed a procedural vote in the Senate on Saturday . Known formally as the Development , Relief and Education for Alien Minors Act , the DREAM Act fell five votes short of the 60 needed to be considered for final passage . The measure passed in the House earlier this month by a vote of 216-198 . In a statement released shortly after the vote , President Obama called it "  an incredibly disappointing vote . " "  A minority of senators prevented the Senate from doing what most Americans understand is best for the country . There was simply no reason not to pass this important legislation , " Obama said in a statement . "  It is disappointing that common sense did not prevail today . " The president vowed to continue to fight for the legislation , which would offer legal standing to immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children under the age of 16 and have lived in the country for at least five years . Other requirements include graduating from high school or obtaining a General Education Development diploma and demonstrating "  good moral character . " Even then , only a six-year conditional status would be awarded . Before moving to the next phase , the students would need to meet additional requirements -- attending college or serving in the military for at least two years , and passing criminal background checks . Proponents , such as Obama and Democratic leaders , say the bill would give legal standing to young people brought to the United States who have bettered themselves and served their new country . Democratic senators lined up Saturday to excoriate their Republican colleagues and assure Latino supporters they wo n't give up on the legislation . Several made reference to busloads of Texas students who drove all night from Austin to witness the vote . "  America is a country where dreams are made , not crushed . And today dreams were crushed , " U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer  D-California  said . "  My message to these young people is ` never fear , ' we 're not going anywhere . We 're going to continue to fight because this is the right thing to do . " Republicans , such as Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama , called the measure an amnesty on Saturday before the vote to invoke cloture -- which would end or limit debate . "  If we pass this amnesty , we will signal to the world that we 're not serious about the enforcement of our laws or our borders , " Sessions said . "  It will say , you make plans -- you can make plans to bring in your brother , your sister , your cousin , your nephew , your friend , into the country illegally as a teenager , and there will be no principled reason in the future for the next congress then sitting to not pass another "  dream " act . And it will only be a matter of time before that next group illegally here will make the same heartfelt pleas that we hear today . " Republicans who voted to advance the bill were Sens. Bob Bennett of Utah , Richard Lugar of Indiana and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska . Democrats against it included Max Baucus and Jon Tester of Montana , Ben Nelson of Nebraska , Kay Hagan of North Carolina , and Mark Pryor of Arkansas .	NEW : Obama calls failure "  incredibly disappointing " The measure fell five votes short of 60 needed to be considered for final passage The bill would offer a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants who entered the U.S. as children The measure passed in the House this month
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- With all eyes focused on how the Democrats will do this November , the story about the divisions unfolding within the Republican Party have equally important long-term consequences for national politics . And now with the Tea Party movement as an additional force in the party , Republican leaders are struggling to contain tensions between right-wing activists and fiscal conservatives . In recent months , these tensions have been growing because new faces have emerged within the Republican Party that do n't fit neatly within the Tea Party fold . One of the candidates who has received the most buzz in Republican circles is New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , dubbed "  Gov. Wrecking Ball " by one columnist . How Christie fares in the coming year will be a critical test to gauging where the GOP might be in 2012 . The blunt and humorous Republican who replaced Democratic Gov. Jon Corzine has been making a name for himself by taking on New Jersey 's fiscal mess . Christie , a former U.S. attorney general who looks and sounds like the kind of guy you would sit next to at a New York Jets game , has focused all of his energy on reducing the budget and limiting property tax increases . He has been willing to challenge powerful interest groups like the teachers ' unions , and he did n't budge when citizen protesters took to the streets and railed against the impact of his budget . Christie also instituted reforms to the pensions of government workers . He has received some grudging support from Democrats and has persuaded the state legislature to go along with many controversial proposals , primarily because most experts acknowledge tough steps are needed to avoid having New Jersey become another California . The first test for Christie will be the political response when New Jersey residents see the impact of the budget cuts . Historically , at the national level , Republicans have often backed off from tough talk about spending reduction when programs proved to be more popular than conservatives expected . This is what happened when President Ronald Reagan was forced to back off Social Security cuts in 1981-1982 and the Republican Congress stepped away from Medicare cuts in 1995-1996 . In New Jersey , it is one thing for voters to hear tough talk on controlling spending coming out of Trenton , but quite another to see your child 's school program shut down . Now that congressional Democrats are on the verge of passing legislation to provide aid to the states in these areas of government , the contrast will be even sharper . There are also many questions about whether Christie 's actions will really be able to stop property taxes from rising . The second test has to do with whether Christie , assuming that he continues to be successful , can find a place at the national Republican Party table . In the era of the Tea Party , the Republican leadership has been moving toward the right on many nonfiscal issues . Last week , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said he favored the idea of reviewing the 14th Amendment -- originally passed to protect the citizenship rights of freed African-American slaves . Some Republicans , including South Carolina Sen. Lindsay Graham , want to make sure that citizenship rights are not granted to children who are born to illegal immigrants in the United States . Also , the ruling by a federal judge that California 's ban on gay marriage is unconstitutional is sure to generate pressure on Republicans to take a tough stand on this issue . Following the 2008 election , the conservative commentator and former speechwriter for President George W. Bush , David Frum , a CNN contributor , had warned that Republicans needed to be cautious about doing things to win in 2010 that would harm them in 2012 and beyond . The threat is to radicalize the party by moving it so far off center that future Republican candidates would have trouble winning national office . As Frum wrote in his blog post with regard to health care reform , "  We followed the most radical voices in the party and the movement , and they led us to abject and irreversible defeat . " If Republicans want to rebuild their party , they must make room for more pragmatic , fiscally minded conservatives like Christie , who are generating excitement in famously blue states . If Christie can survive politically from the fallout of the budget cuts , he and other Republicans like him could cause significant trouble for Democrats by focusing on issues like taxes , deficits and spending that , at least on the campaign trail , have often had far more impact than the social issues that tend to excite the Republican Party 's base . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is earning praise for tackling budget problems He says Christie 's focus on cutting spending is a test for the Republican party It runs counter to a national GOP trend of stressing issues such as birthright citizenship , he says Zelizer : Christie , others in GOP like him could give Democrats trouble in many states
He 's a Grammy-winning musician , with a band that 's brought in hundreds of millions of dollars from touring , and to cap it off , his latest release , "  Away From the World , " just topped the Billboard album charts . But Dave Matthews was still frightened when it came to showing his art in a professional New York exhibit . "  I 've always drawn and painted , but as my own thing , " the musician said . "  I 've never done anything as ambitious as this . " The result of the singer 's ambition is "  Itica Pritica "  the "  C " sounds like a "  K "  , an exhibition of more than 20 silk-screened works by Matthews and close friend Beezy Bailey at the Robert Miller Gallery in Chelsea . "  I 'm very afraid of things like this , " Matthews said . "  For years , Beezy has said , ` Come on , let 's do something together . ' " A fellow South African , Bailey knew just what to say to get Matthews over his fears and into the gallery . " ` No one 's ever died making a painting , ' I told him , " recalled Bailey , an artist with more than 30 years ' experience . The paintings , on display until April 13 , may have taken only two weeks to complete , but they reveal some of the singer 's personal feelings to the world , according to Matthews . He says his favorite piece , covered with meticulous etchings , displays his compulsive side while other works show his hatred for the poaching of the African rhino . The art is not all serious . Like classic Matthews lyrics , there are works celebrating the idea of "  Eat , drink and be merry . " The "  fat man , " an alter ego for Bailey , appears as an explorer in many of the pieces . "  I just ca n't get enough of him . I ca n't . When we did anything , I 'd say , ` Let 's put the fat man on it , ' " Matthews said . "  I wo n't apologize for the fat man . I wo n't apologize for the fact that we used him so much . He 's glorious . " Matthews said getting over this first artistic hump might open the floodgates for more art shows . "  Of the points in my life that I 'll look back on as monumental to me , this will definitely be one , " he said . The famous singer might be OK with his mug all over TV and film , but he apparently is a bit apprehensive when it comes to his face on his art . One piece has his face plastered more than 20 times throughout . The work sIts sequestered in the back , and Matthews joked about it coming to an untimely end . "  I hate it , " he said . "  If there 's a fire in the building , leave that s ** t in ! "	Dave Matthews says he was nervous about displaying his art in a New York exhibit More than 20 of silk-screens by Matthews and Beezy Bailey are at a Hell 's Kitchen gallery The exhibit might open the floodgates to more art shows , the singer says
Protesters threw a grenade at a vehicle carrying anti-riot police in Mombasa Tuesday , killing one officer and wounding 13 others , a police official said . The violence came on the second day of protests after a radical Muslim cleric was killed in the same city Monday by assailants his wife claims were police . Provincial police chief Aggrey Adoli told CNN the police were on their way to help beef up security because of the ongoing riots . An unknown perpetrator hurled a grenade at the police truck , causing the fatality and injuries . The wounded are being treated at two hospitals in Mombasa , Adoli added . Earlier , protesters barricaded roads with stones and blocked access to and from the Majengo neighborhood , where Aboud Rogo Mohammed often preached . Demonstrators stopped vehicles from coming into or leaving the area , and threw stones at police , who responded with tear gas . The radical Islamic cleric , who faced charges relating to terrorism , was killed in a daylight ambush Monday morning in the coastal city of Mombasa , Kenya police said . Aboud Rogo Mohammed was accused of supporting Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia and was blacklisted by the United States and the United Nations Security Council . He also faced charges before a Kenyan court for planning terror attacks in Mombasa , Kenya 's second-largest city and a popular tourist destination . Kenya Police spokesman Eric Kiraithe said Monday authorities were taking Rogo 's death seriously . "  It is disappointing to us , because we had a case in court and we had evidence to go to its logical conclusion , " Kiraithe said . But Rogo 's wife , Hania Said , claimed Monday the shooters were Kenyan police . Kiraithe dismissed that claim and asked for the public to give the police information . "  That can only be nonsense , " he said . "  For what conceivable reason would that happen ? What we need is for everyone to cooperate without any fear . We have a witness protection program now . " Rogo 's wife said the cleric was traveling with his family in a van on the Mombasa-Malindi highway when they were ambushed by a group of men who shot her husband more than a dozen times . She said she was shot in the leg and Rogo 's father was shot in the hand . Their van , a 14-seat white Nissan , was riddled with bullets and splattered with blood . Police tried to take away Rogo 's body , but a group of supporters refused and took it away to be buried in the Muslim public cemetery . The shooting sparked immediate protests by Mombasa 's Muslim community . Anti-riot police responded with tear gas , and a government vehicle was burned near a mosque where Rogo once preached . After violence broke out Monday , Prime Minister Raila Odinga called for restraint by residents of Mombasa , and asked that the government be allowed to get to the bottom of the matter . "  I appeal to our people not to use this sad act to inflict more pain and suffering on our country , " said a statement on the prime minister 's website . "  Let us come together in calm instead and join hands in order to get to the bottom of the murder . " Aside from its sandy white beaches that draw big tourism dollars for the Kenyan economy , Mombasa features a large port that is used for transportation by neighboring landlocked countries . Any prolonged unrest could affect regional trade . The violence could also derail efforts to rebuild the region 's international reputation , after the coastal area outside the city saw a string of kidnappings of western foreigners last year . A U.N. report in July said that Rogo "  threatened the peace , security , or stability of Somalia , by providing financial , material , logistical or technical support to Al-Shabaab . " It also claimed that he was a key recruiter of Kenyan Muslims to fight with Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-linked militant group that is trying to overthrow the Somali government .	One police officer is killed when protesters throw a grenade in Mombasa Aboud Rogo Mohammed was accused of supporting Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia Kenya Police are disappointed there will be no trial , a spokesman says Rogo 's wife , Hania Said , claims the shooters were Kenyan police
CNN  -- There are some sports figures who , no matter who else is playing , make you simply want to turn on the television to see what kind of excitement they will bring to the game . Barry Sanders . Deion Sanders . Michael Jordan . Reggie Jackson . Wayne Gretzky . Pele . They make up some of the greatest to ever play their respective sports , and when they hit the field , court or ice , all eyes were on them . Texas A&M University quarterback Johnny Manziel has n't remotely achieved their level of stardom , but when it comes to being Mr. Excitement in college football , man , this kid can flat electrify the crowd with his play and leave his opponents shaking their heads in frustration . I do n't care about Chip Kelly 's offense or Alabama 's defense or how Bill Snyder has revived Kansas State 's football program . There is no doubt that Johnny "  Football " Manziel has taken the college football world by storm , and maybe by the end of the season , he could be the first freshman ever to win the Heisman Trophy . Yes , the kid is just that good . When Texas A&M made the decision to leave the Big 12 to play in the Southeastern Conference , fans and the media alike forecasted a tough few years for the Aggies . Everyone said , "  Welcome to big boy football , " citing the recent national champions that have hailed from the conference . The critics said the noble men of Kyle Field -- Texas A&M 's home stadium -- would be the doormat of the league , languishing at the bottom and following the path of Arkansas , who left the Aggies in the Southwest Conference in 1991 for the SEC and disappeared into oblivion . See highlights from Texas A&M 's win over Alabama All of that changed last Saturday when the Aggies went to Tuscaloosa , Alabama , for the first time and knocked off the defending national champions and the No. 1-ranked team in the country , the Alabama Crimson Tide . The one play that will be remembered was the touchdown where Manziel stepped up in the pocket , ran into one of his own players , the ball popped up in the air , he caught it , rolled left and found Ryan Swope in the back of the end zone . He is a fearless kid . Slide after a big run ? Nope . Manziel wants to take the head off a linebacker or a safety by slamming into them . He 's not built like a Mack truck in the mold of Tim Tebow . But after the hit , he pops up and runs around the field like an 8-year-old ready for the next play . The mania around Johnny Football has taken on epic proportions . And it 's only going to get bigger , which says a lot in Texas , where football has long been like a religion . Manziel 's emergence is excellent for the ninth-ranked Texas A&M Aggies and first-year Coach Kevin Sumlin . For decades , Texas A&M has played in the shadows of its archrival , the Texas Longhorns . While A&M has enjoyed some successful teams in the last two decades , the Longhorns have long been a national power . The success of the Aggies with Manziel will no doubt help recruiting . And if the runaway candidate to be the MVP of the SEC continues to meet the Heisman hype , the legend of Johnny Football will only grow . That 's good for my alma mater , Texas A&M ; good for the SEC ; and good the casual fan who desires a mythical figure to root for .	Roland Martin : Texas A&M QB Johnny Manziel has taken the college football world by storm By season 's end , Manziel may be the first freshman ever to win the Heisman Trophy Martin : "  The legend of Johnny Football will only grow "
One day when she was 76 years old , Rosa Rodrigo took a wrong turn out of a shopping center parking lot and found she had no idea where to turn next . "  It was a little scary because I did n't remember where I came from , or where I was going , " she recalls . While Rodrigo and her family were alarmed , it was only after several more years of fading memory and worsening mental condition that Rodrigo was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease . Almost since the disease was identified back in 1906 by Dr. Alois Alzheimer , scientists have been looking for ways to identify it earlier . We do know the disease process begins in the brain 10 to 15 years before a patient 's symptoms start . And , by the time memory problems develop , 40 % to 50 % of a patient 's brain cells have already been affected or destroyed . There are certain hallmarks of Alzheimer 's , including the accumulation of sticky plaques in the brain , made up of proteins called beta amyloid . The problem is that current technology can not conclusively confirm the presence of the plaques . Last year , the Food and Drug Administration approved a brain imaging test -- a type of PET scan -- to detect the presence of amyloid proteins in the brain . The FDA made clear , however , that the scan alone is not enough to diagnose Alzheimer 's . And , while examination of the spinal fluid or even a brain biopsy may offer a more definitive glimpse of what is happening in the brain , they require invasive procedures and it is not even clear who would be a candidate . In most instances , the best we have now is a clinical neurological exam after the patient has already suffered memory loss . More on Alzheimer 's disease That is why recent research caught my attention . Studying cadavers , researchers at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles made an interesting observation : The amount of beta amyloid protein in the brain corresponded closely to the amount of that same protein in the retina , in the very back of the eye . It makes sense because , as our bodies develop from embryos , the retina is ultimately formed from the same tissue that makes up the brain . Based on that finding , the research team developed a noninvasive test to check the retina for the telltale beta amyloid plaques . They 're now conducting a clinical trial to see if the test can identify patients who are starting to develop Alzheimer 's but do n't show symptoms yet . Rosa Rodrigo knows that in a very real sense , her disease was caught too late . Most days , she copes with grace . "  I do n't even worry about it . If I remember -LSB- something -RSB- , fine . If I do n't , que sera , sera . What will be , will be , " she said . But even though she knows she wo n't reap direct benefits , she signed up for the Cedars-Sinai trial . "  I 'm very happy I can help somebody . " We do n't know yet if the test will provide to be a good predictor of Alzheimer 's , but officials at the Chicago-based Alzheimer 's Association say the work is promising . A reliable eye test "  would be a very important contribution , " says Maria Carrillo , the Vice-President of Medical and Scientific Relations at the Alzheimer 's Association . "  People tend to go to the opthamologist more frequently as we age . If you could add a quick test to see if neurogenic pathology is going on the brain , it would be really helpful . " This research is important , because 1 in 8 people who are 65 and older have Alzheimer 's disease , and the incidence of the disease is expected to nearly triple by 2050 as the number of older Americans grows . The expected cost of care at that time is expected to be more than $ 1 trillion a year . The 10 warning signs of Alzheimer 's The trial at Cedars-Sinai is not the only one to focus on the eyes , Carrillo says . Another company , Cognoptix , has a test that looks for amyloid proteins in the lens of the eye . "  We think it will provide greater sensitivity and specificity than looking in the retina , " says Paul Hartung , the company 's president and CEO . Cognoptix presented early data at the June meeting of the Alzheimer 's Association , and is currently in the midst of a clinical trial with 40 patients . If it proves effective , says Hartung , the test would run approximately one-tenth the cost of the PET scan procedure . Another test being developed tracks subtle eye flickers known as saccadic movements , says Carrillo . "  When people start to have cognitive changes , these movements become more erratic , and slower , " she explains . Yet another approach looks for changes in blood vessel infrastructure . "  It may not be specific to Alzheimer 's , " Carrillo notes , "  but a big part of this research initiative is trying to find what is different between this and other neurological disorders . " ` Dementia village ' inspires new way to care Dr. Keith Black , a neurosurgeon who is leading the Cedars-Sinai trial and who helped found a company to develop the retinal imaging test , says the problem with treatments being tested currently is that they 're being given to patients at the end stage of the disease . "  If we can identify patients at 50 who are accumulating these plaques , and stop these plaques from accumulating , we have a much better chance of having an effective treatment , " Black said . I want to be careful to not overstate the significance of early detection , however . While we doctors always love to catch things early , it is with the hope that it leads to earlier treatment . Unfortunately , with Alzheimer 's , there is n't yet a treatment proven to cure or even slow down the disease . While it is certainly possible that a technology like this could present an opportunity to intervene earlier and to create strategies to measure the effectiveness of those interventions , the ultimate advice to patients may sound very familiar : Eat right and get plenty of physical exercise , which is something we should all be doing anyway . I do think this raises something else to consider : The psychological perspective . I am not entirely sure I would want to know the fate of my brain 10 to 15 years ahead of time , unless there was something I could certainly do about it . Would you ?	Researchers developed a test to check the retina for signs of Alzheimer 's Trial is looking at whether this test can identify patients before symptoms begin 1 in 8 people who are 65 and older have Alzheimer 's disease
CNN  -- Former Liberian President Charles Taylor should receive an 80-year sentence for his conviction for aiding and abetting war crimes in neighboring Sierra Leone 's civil war , the chief prosecutor in the international court case recommended Thursday . "  Should the trial chamber decide to impose a global sentence , 80 years ' imprisonment would be appropriate , " said a signed statement by Brenda Hollis , chief prosecutor for the Special Court for Sierra Leone , according to the court 's press and outreach officer . "  The recommended sentence is appropriate to reflect the essential role that Mr. Taylor played in crimes of such extreme scope and gravity , " said the prosecutor 's report . "  It also reflects the critical and unique contributions Mr. Taylor made to the crimes . But for Charles Taylor 's criminal conduct , thousands of people would not have had limbs amputated , would not have been raped , would not have been killed . Further , the recommended sentence provides fair and adequate response to the outrage these crimes caused in victims , their families and relatives , the Sierra Leonean people and the world at large . " Last week 's landmark ruling by the international tribunal was the first war crimes conviction of a former head of state by an international court since the Nuremberg trials of Nazi leaders after World War II . Prosecutors , however , failed to prove that Taylor had direct command over the rebels who committed the atrocities , said Justice Richard Lussick of the Special Court for Sierra Leone . A three-judge panel issued a unanimous decision that Taylor , 64 , was guilty on all 11 counts of the indictment against him . The judges found him guilty of aiding and abetting rebel forces in a campaign of terror that involved murder , rape , sexual slavery , conscripting children younger than 15 and mining diamonds to pay for guns . There is no death penalty in international criminal law , and Taylor would serve out any sentence in a British prison . Taylor 's lawyer , Courtenay Griffiths , suggested the trial was politically motivated . He claimed his client 's conviction was "  obtained on tainted and corrupted evidence " based on the testimony of witnesses from Sierra Leone who were paid to appear in court . Griffiths portrayed Taylor as a legitimate leader who aided rebels in a neighboring nation . Those rebels , not Taylor , should be held accountable for their actions , the lawyer contended . U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay noted that Taylor can appeal the verdict , and it could be overturned . That said , she called his conviction "  immensely significant , " saying it sends out a message that even the most powerful are not above the law . "  This is undoubtedly a historic moment in the development of international justice , " she said . "  A former president , who once wielded immense influence in a neighboring country where tens of thousands of people were killed , mutilated , raped , robbed and repeatedly displaced for years on end , has been arrested , tried in a fair and thorough international procedure . " Taylor has been a pivotal figure in Liberian politics for decades after he overthrew the regime of Samuel Doe in 1989 , plunging the country into a bloody civil war that left 200,000 dead over the next 14 years . After he was forced out of office under international pressure in 2003 , he lived in exile in Nigeria , where border guards arrested him in 2006 as he was attempting to cross into Chad amid international pressure . That culminated in his trial , which began in 2007 at the special court for Sierra Leone in The Hague , Netherlands . U.N. officials and the Sierra Leone government jointly set up the tribunal to try those who played the biggest role in the atrocities . The court was moved from Sierra Leone , where emotions about the civil war still run high . Prosecutors accused Taylor of financing and giving orders to Revolutionary United Front rebels in Sierra Leone 's civil war that ultimately left 50,000 dead or missing . His support for the rebels fueled the bloody war , prosecutors said . Fighters included teenagers forced to kill , rape and plunder placed under the influence of drugs to provoke violent behavior . Witnesses testified about grisly violence by the rebels during the conflict , including shooting and disemboweling pregnant women and children . Sometimes , rebels asked people if they wanted long sleeves or short sleeves . The former meant hacking off hands ; the latter , forearms . Taylor becomes the first former head of state since Adm. Karl Doenitz , who became president of Germany briefly after Adolf Hitler 's suicide , to be convicted of war crimes or crimes against humanity by an international tribunal . Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic was tried by an international tribunal but died before a judgment was issued . The International Criminal Court has charged Laurent Gbagbo , the former Ivory Coast president , with crimes against humanity . It also has a warrant out for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , who , so far , has been able to elude arrest . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : Thousands would have been spared but for Charles Taylor 's role , prosecutor says The former Liberian president was convicted last week of war crimes charges There is no death penalty in the case ; Taylor would serve time in a British prison Taylor aided fighters in a civil war in neighboring Sierra Leone
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Morocco 's ambitious plans The North African country is heading to the polls this week after suffering unrest earlier this year . The International Monetary Fund estimates unemployment in Morocco at 9 % this year as the country is trying to diversify its economy and provide jobs . MME looks at how Morocco is using its geographical proximity to Europe to boost its economy and put itself on the global shipping map . FACETIME : Zahi Khouri , Chairman , Palestinian National Beverage Co. . As the Palestinians continue with their statehood bid at the U.N. , ongoing restrictions in the Palestinian territories have stifled economic growth . MME spent a day with Palestinian businessman and entrepreneur , Zahi Khouri , to see the challenges of doing business in the West Bank . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursdays : 1645 , Fridays : 0945 , Saturdays : 0715 , Sundays : 0615 , 1645	The IMF estimates Morocco 's unemployment figures at 9 % this year Morocco 's proximity to Europe combined with global shipping options could be the solution MME talks with Palestinian entrepreneur Zahi Khouri about doing business in the West Bank
If you 're planning to enjoy this spring or summer at a national park , you 'd better leave your drone at home . On Friday , Yosemite National Park in California turned heads when it announced that drones , the unmanned aircraft increasingly making their way into private hands , are n't welcome in the park , famous for its picturesque valley of towering granite cliffs , waterfalls and Giant Sequoia groves . Apparently using drones to capture experiences at the park , on the western edge of the Sierra Nevada mountains , is becoming a trend . "  The park has experienced an increase in visitors using drones within park boundaries over the last few years , " park management said in a news release . "  Drones have been witnessed filming climbers ascending climbing routes , filming views above tree-tops , and filming aerial footage of the park . " And it 's not just Yosemite . The buzzing aerial machines , which have become handy for everything from scaring off unwanted birds to delivering medicine and pizzas , are n't welcome at any of the 58 national parks . 15 ways drones will change your life "  The ... regulations cited at Yosemite apply at all units of the National Park System , " spokesman John Quincy said in an e-mail to CNN . The Code of Federal Regulations states that "  delivering or retrieving a person or object by parachute , helicopter , or other airborne means , except in emergencies involving public safety or serious property loss , or pursuant to the terms and conditions of a permit " is illegal . The parks system says that applies to drones , though privately owned , unmanned aircraft probably were n't on anyone 's mind when it was written . Yosemite 's news release cited a list of ways the aircraft can be harmful . Among them : Ruining the experience for visitors with their noise , interfering with rescue operations and endangering wildlife in the area -- particularly the peregrine falcons that nest in the park 's cliff walls . A quick search on YouTube finds a host of of videos shot using drones at Yosemite and other national parks . Some merely show shaky video from beginners sending their craft into the sky for the first time , while others are more professional productions that provide breathtaking views of the park 's mountains , trees and cyclists and hikers . In a bit of irony , firefighters used a drone to battle the Yosemite Rim blaze that raged in and around the park last August .	The U.S. National Park Service says drones are not welcome Yosemite National , in California , said they 're being used to shoot video Drones make noise and can disrupt delicate wildlife , parks say YouTube shows a host of drone videos from Yosemite
Mental Floss  -- When it comes to parasites , it 's all about perspective . You may call a lifetime of growing and feeding off another organism lazy , but we call it opportunistic . In fact , these life-sucking go-getters have managed to carve out some of the most ingenious survival strategies in the world . This snapper refused comment when asked if he still had a tongue . 1 . Cymothoa exigua : Biting your tongue , so you do n't have to When fish mommies want to strike fear in the hearts of their misbehaving fish babies , we suspect they draw on the chilling animal savagery of the Cymothoa exigua . As a youngster , this nasty little parasitic crustacean begins a life of terror by fighting its way through the gills of its fish host of choice , the snapper . Once there , it attaches itself to the fish 's tongue and begins feeding on the rich blood pumping through the artery underneath . As the parasite grows , it drinks more blood and eventually causes the tongue to atrophy and disintegrate . But does the Cymothoa mouth-squatter leave its fishy friend tongueless ? Of course not . It does what any crafty parasite would do and replaces the old tongue with its own body . The fish is actually able to use the parasite just like a normal tongue , only it has to share all the food with its new friend . Yes , the whole foster-tongue thing seems like a pretty nice gesture on the part of ol' Cymothoa -- until you remember there was nothing wrong with the fish 's old tongue in the first place . 2 . Sacculina carcini : Reasons you should n't pick up a hitchhiker If you ever have a choice between being possessed by the devil and being possessed by a Sacculina carcini , opt for the devil -- no contest . A female sacculina begins life as a tiny free-floating slug in the sea , drifting around until she encounters a crab . When that fateful day arrives , she finds a chink in the crab 's armor  usually an elbow or leg joint  and thrusts a kind of hollow dagger into its body . After that , she  how to put this ?  "  injects " herself into the crab , sluicing through the dagger and leaving behind a husk . Once inside , the jellylike sacculina starts to take over . She grows "  roots " that extend to every part of the crab 's body -- wrapping around its eyestalks and deep into its legs and arms . The female feeds and grows until eventually she pops out the top of the crab , and from this knobby protrusion , she will steer the Good Ship Unlucky Crab for the rest of their commingled life . Packed full of parasite , the crab will forgo its own needs to serve those of its master . It wo n't molt , grow reproductive organs , or attempt to reproduce . It wo n't even regrow appendages , as healthy crabs can . Rather than waste the nutrients on itself , a host crab will hobble along and continue to look for food with which to feed its parasite master . 3 . Filarial Worms : Proof you need thicker skin Filarial worms are the nasty little suckers you can thank for lymphatic filariasis , which , according to the Pacific Program to Eliminate Lymphatic Filariasis , is the second-leading cause of permanent and long-term disability in the world .  Mental illness is No. 1 . Filarial worms are round , thread-like parasites that travel from human to human via that harbinger of disease transmission , the mosquito . How do they make the leap of host ? In an interesting  if scary  example of parasite ingenuity , filarial worm embryos living underneath the skin can sense the onset of night , which is their cue to head upward to the skin 's surface in order to increase their chances of being picked up by a passing ` skeeter . Should they get sucked up , they grow into larvae within the mosquito 's muscle fibers and then get themselves injected into new hosts . Once they 've returned to a human home , they open up a franchise in the family business -- Wreaking Havoc . Filaria often lodge in the body 's lymphatic system , where they can inflict any number of torturous symptoms , not the least of which involves carting your genitals off to the elephantiasis clinic in a wheelbarrow . 4 . Guinea Worms : Exposing parts nobody wants to see Where there are guinea worms , there is Guinea Worm Disease -- and that 's usually in Africa . When a human consumes water contaminated with guinea worms , the little buggers infiltrate their host 's intestinal walls and commence mating . After conception , the males die off , and the females hang around for about a year , growing and eating . Eventually , these slender ladies get bored and decide they need to lay some eggs . To do so , they make their way down the body to the lower extremities , where they bore a small hole through the skin . The resulting lesion begins to fester and burn , which usually leads the host to plunge his or her foot into a soothing bucket of water .  Of course , in areas where an entire village shares a single water source , this helps spread the infection . Unfortunately for the sufferer , the water does n't solve the problem of having a three-foot female worm dangling its genitalia out of your foot . And to complicate matters , if you yank on that sucker , it 'll break apart and could cause a fatal infection . So how do you rid yourself of the not-so-little hitchhiker ? You go see a doctor , who -- over the course of three or four weeks -- will kindly wind the worm around a stick , inch by agonizing inch . Not the most pleasant method , but certainly a proven one . This cure for a guinea worm infection has been around so long , some believe it 's where we get the snakes-around-a-staff symbol for medicine . 5 . Leucochloridium paradoxum : Parasite for sore eyes Prepare to be dazzled . This parasite 's got a life cycle more mind-bending and chilling than an M. Night Shyamalan film . Leucochloridium paradoxum are a type of fluke  a.k.a. , parasitic flatworm  that prey on birds -- a fascinating turn of events considering they begin their lives as eggs in bird droppings . Thus , the problem facing baby Leucochloridium paradoxum is , "  How do I get myself back into one of those feathery things ? " Taking a page from Greek history , the infant flatworms rely on Trojan trickery . First , they hang out in the droppings until a snail happens along and eats the bird dung . Then they initiate their devious plan of action by taking up residence in the snail 's eyestalks .  Sure , it sounds slimy and gross to us , but after a childhood spent living in bird feces , it 's a step up . As they mature , the flukes become visible through the snail 's translucent skin . And that 's when things really get interesting . To a bird , this fluke-filled eyestalk looks like a caterpillar . So the bird devours the stalk and ends up with a bellyful of Leucochloridium paradoxum that will , of course , lay eggs and begin the cycle again . Meanwhile , the snail shakes its head , shops for an eye patch , and vows never to eat feces again . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Cymothoa exigua destroys fish 's tongue Sacculina carcini turns victim into zombie Guinea Worms can only be removed inch-by-inch Filarial Worms are second-leading cause of permanent disability
Rejoice , single travelers . Traveling alone during the Christmas holidays can be less gloomy -- provided you take the advice of Keisuke Jinushi . Earlier this year , Keisuke , a 28-year-old freelance Japanese photographer and writer , gained Internet fame with a set of curious Instagram photos capturing him in various settings with his "  girlfriend . " The images depicted a young lady feeding Keisuke and even lovingly wiping ketchup from his face . The twist ? "  She " was actually Keisuke . All the photos were single-handedly shot by the unattached Keisuke , with no girlfriend or anyone else involved . How -- and why -- he did it Keisuke started blogging about how to create fake couples photos two years ago . He calls the practice the "  hitori date " or "  one-man date . " In an early post he wrote : "  Photos  one takes  while traveling alone may make one feel lonely and sad when you look at them . So I recommend the ` hitori date photo ' technique . Looking at these photos makes me feel blissful . " Anxious to uncover the secrets of his bizarre success , CNN tracked down Keisuke . In the process , we found an engaging spirit who may just be the most amusing and honest blogger in Japan . CNN : Where did the idea for the "  one-man date " photos come from ? Keisuke Jinushi : Sometimes I go to cafes on my own , just to kill time . When I look around , I see couples spoon-feeding each other . I then have a strong feeling -- I want this too ! In order to have that , I needed a girlfriend , but I did n't have one . I was distressed . The platform  Daily Portal  where I started my blog gathers lots of writers who write on their interests . I asked myself , what 's my interest ? "  A girlfriend ! " Since then I have been blogging my feelings about it . Unexpectedly , it 's been well received -- everyone wants a lover ! More : 20 most annoying things people do on planes CNN : What kind of responses do you get ? Keisuke Jinushi : Most readers comment it 's "  interesting " or "  fun . " Some people want to copy my style . Some say , "  I hope you can get a real girlfriend . " Although there are female readers leaving comments , none of them have said , "  Let me be your girlfriend . " What a grim world ! CNN : What do your friends and family think ? Keisuke Jinushi : My male friends say , "  You seem happy ! " But my grandma said she burst into tears after reading my blog because her grandson seems pathetic in these photos . CNN : What are the essentials for one-man date travel photo ? Keisuke Jinushi : First of all , do n't be shy . I include a step-by-step , pictured guide on my blog . I have to bring a tripod with me . That 's embarrassing and my heart still races whenever I -LSB- take hitori date photos -RSB- . Taking a picture on your own may be embarrassing , but think about all the jealousy you 'll get after uploading it on SNS -- for that sake , just bear the embarrassment . You should also observe what couples do , then practice at home on your own . But in order to take the perfect "  hitori date " photo , the biggest trick is not having a girlfriend in the first place . You wo n't have to take "  hitori date " photos if you 've got a girlfriend . More : Coolest hotel opening this month : an underwater room on a remote island CNN : Anything embarrassing ever happen during a shoot ? Keisuke Jinushi : Once I was taking "  hitori date " shots in a caf . A man asked me , "  What are you doing ? " I did n't know how to respond , so I told him , "  It 's art . " He tilted his head after hearing what I said . It was embarrassing even though I did n't start the conversation . CNN : Wigs are a big part of your "  art . " Keisuke Jinushi : I 'm always taking pictures with wigs , so I stock a lot of wigs at my place . Recently I started calling them "  my girlfriend . " CNN : Are you a traveler ? Which way do you prefer to travel -- alone or in group ? Keisuke Jinushi : I travel mostly on my own or with my editor . I want to go on group travel ! That would be my goal for next year . More : 7 reasons package tours are n't lame CNN : What are the most ideal places to travel for singles ? The worst ? Keisuke Jinushi : The most suitable place -LSB- for loners -RSB- would be Japan . Many Japanese couples are so shy so they only hold hands . The worst place for singles is France . Couples are kissing everywhere . It makes you feel so jealous and it 's even more painful for you to be on your own . If you are single , please come to Japan ! More : 6 places where cats outshine tourist attractions CNN : Any Christmas photo tips ? Keisuke : The best way is to get a real girlfriend ! This is hard for me , so I 'm always thinking about "  hitori date . " Now I 'm experimenting with "  kissing photos , " but most likely I ca n't get it done by Christmas . So it 's going to be a lonely Christmas for me . In fact , even if I find the way to take "  kissing photos , " I 'm still facing a lonely Christmas on my own . CNN : Any message for single souls around the world ? Keisuke : Do n't be ashamed of being single . Rather , you should be puffed up with pride and say , "  Yes I am on my own . " You should act like it 's normal to be alone . Then the world will be slightly brighter . And stay out as long as possible to avoid feeling lonely at home . More : Tokyo company takes your stuffed animals on vacation ... without you	Japanese blogger Keisuke Jinushi started the "  hitori date "  one-man date  blog two years ago "  Hitori date " shows how to taking selfies with a make-believe girlfriend Keisuke 's grandmother on the fake girlfriend photos : "  Pathetic . " Keisuke 's message : "  Do n't be ashamed of being single . "
CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced that 300 companies -- including Apple , Wal-Mart and others -- have signed a pledge to help the long-term unemployed by making sure they do n't have barriers in their hiring practices . This is good news , but it wo n't solve the problem . The best we can hope for is that the companies now will make special efforts to seek out and employ those who have suffered long-term joblessness . That 's a nice start , but feel-good gestures wo n't cut it when there are almost 4 million Americans who have been out of work for more than six months . That 's a big number . What 's disconcerting is that the current long-term unemployment is more serious than in previous economic downturns . Data from previous business cycles show people suffering from long-run joblessness at worst accounted for about 20 % to 25 % of the unemployed . In recent months , that percentage has jumped to nearly 40 % -- an all-time record ! Indeed , America is beginning to look like Europe . It used to be that long-term unemployment in the U.S. was only a fraction of Europe 's , but the latest data from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development show that the United States has caught up to many of Europe 's welfare states . That 's not a race we want to be part of , much less win . So what 's the solution ? There 's no silver bullet , but economic growth is the single most important key . All forms of unemployment get worse when the economy is weak . But when the economy is booming , the job market gets better for everybody -- including those who have been unemployed for long periods . Unfortunately , economic growth has n't proven easy . The recession may have ended officially in the summer of 2009 , but we 're still suffering through a sluggish economic cycle . Recent improvements in the overall employment rate are in large part the result of people dropping out of the labor force , and the problem of long-run unemployment has barely budged . To boost employment , we need the kind of strong growth America enjoyed during the Reagan and Clinton years , when millions of new jobs were created and the unemployment rate fell dramatically . To get there , we need a return to the types of free-market policies we got under Reagan and Clinton : a lower burden of government spending and less intervention from Washington . Unfortunately , we 've been moving in the exact opposite direction . Under both Presidents Bush and Obama , the size and scope of government has expanded , and the United States -- which had the world 's third-most free-market economy when Bill Clinton left office -- has now dropped to 17th in the Economic Freedom of the World rankings . We also need to make sure the unemployed do n't get lured into long-term dependency . One glaring example of misguided big-government policy is the argument to endlessly extend unemployment benefits . That sounds compassionate , but according to economists such policies discourage the unemployed from aggressively seeking new jobs . There is also persuasive evidence that employers are reluctant to hire people  regardless of any "  pledges " they may sign  who have been out of work for lengthy periods , which makes the President 's preferred approach of more unemployment benefits akin to an overprotective parent who hinders a child 's development . Moreover , Obama 's proposed hike in the minimum wage would actually counteract any good his pledge would do . Why ? Increasing the minimum wage is the equivalent of sawing off the bottom rungs on the economic ladder . Simply stated , businesses create jobs when they think a new employee will help the bottom line . Artificially raising the cost of workers -- particularly those with marginal skills -- is a recipe for creating more unemployment . The president 's effort to get companies on board with hiring the long-term unemployed should be applauded , but he should n't for one second think that it will solve the problem . In fact , too many of his other proposals would serve only to exacerbate the problem the long-term unemployed are facing . Instead , Obama should take a page out of the Reagan and Clinton presidencies and take action to get to the root of unemployment : economic growth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel J. Mitchell .	300 companies pledged to aid Obama initiative to help the long-term unemployed Daniel Mitchell : This is a nice gesture , but nearly 4 million Americans need jobs He says economic growth is key and free-market polices are what we need Mitchell : The unemployed should not get lured into long-term dependency
CNN  -- When you suit up in green on Sunday and head to the St. Patrick 's Day parade or your favorite Irish bar to celebrate , dropping these facts and figures about the holiday 's origins will impress your fellow revelers ! 5 : St. Patrick 's Day began as a religious holiday to honor the saint who , in the fifth century , introduced Christianity to Ireland . 1762 : The first St. Patrick 's Day parade happened in New York on March 17 , 1762 . 133 million : People in the U.S. who plan to celebrate St. Patrick 's Day in 2013 . 84.2 % : Percentage of those celebrating who plan to wear green . $ 4.7 billion : Expected St. Patrick 's Day spending in 2013 . 2,900 : Species of snakes . According to legend , St. Patrick drove all of the snakes from Ireland . 1 in 10,000 : Occurrence of a white four-leaf clover for every common three-leaved clover . 40 : Pounds of dye needed to turn the Chicago River green for the city 's St. Patrick 's Day parade . 7 : Places in the U.S. named Shamrock . 13 : Places in the U.S. named Dublin . 17-641 : Pantone number for emerald , the 2013 Pantone color of the year . 6 : Movies in the original "  Leprechaun " franchise . Jennifer Aniston had one of her first starring roles in the original "  Leprechaun , " released in 1993 . A reboot is planned for possible release this year . 4 : Ireland 's global rank in beer consumption per capita in 2011 , with 101.1 liters . 15 : The U.S. rank in beer consumption per capita , with 76.6 liters . 34.5 million : People in the U.S. with Irish ancestry , as of 2011 . 530 : Calories in a 12-ounce McDonald 's limited-edition green Shamrock Shake .	Americans could spend nearly $ 5 billion celebrating St. Patrick 's Day this year Emerald green is the 2013 Pantone color of the year With almost 35 million citizens of Irish ancestry , U.S. remembers Ireland in town names
CNN  -- Phil Rudd , the drummer for legendary hard rock band AC/DC , has been charged with attempting to have two men killed . The 60-year-old appeared in a New Zealand court Thursday afternoon facing a count of attempting to procure the murder of two men , said Bay of Plenty Police District representative Kim Perks . He was also charged with threatening to kill , possession of methamphetamine and possession of cannabis , Perks said . The names of the men he allegedly wanted killed and the name of the alleged potential hit man are suppressed , CNN affiliate TVNZ reported . Rudd entered no plea to the charges at the Tauranga District Court , and was bailed until November 27 , local media reported . Police searched Rudd 's waterfront home in Tauranga on Thursday morning , TVNZ reported . The Australian-born drummer moved to New Zealand in 1983 , after being sacked by the group . He rejoined the band years later . AC/DC is one of the world 's biggest-selling musical acts , and in 2003 was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . The band 's latest album , "  Rock or Bust , " is scheduled for release December 2 . In a statement Thursday , the band said Rudd 's absence would n't affect the album 's release or a tour scheduled for next year . "  We 've only become aware of Phil 's arrest as the news was breaking , " the statement said . "  We have no further comment . " AC/DC 's Malcolm Young leaving band	NEW : AC/DC says drummer Phil Rudd 's arrest wo n't affect new album Rudd is also charged with drug possession , threatening to kill The 60-year-old New Zealand resident entered no plea and has been bailed , say reports The group is to release a new album in December , its website says
CNN  -- How difficult is it to board a plane with a stolen passport ? Not as hard as you might think . In any major international airport , it 's not uncommon to have your passport checked four times or more between check-in and boarding the aircraft . But if passenger documents are n't checked against Interpol 's database of stolen and lost travel documents , travelers using those documents can slip through layers of security . Reports that two passengers on missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 were traveling on stolen Austrian and Italian passports have highlighted security concerns that have troubled Interpol for years , the international law enforcement agency said Sunday . The flight , carrying more than 200 passengers , disappeared from radar Saturday and has n't been seen or heard from since . Interpol identified the men using the stolen passports as Pouri Nourmohammadi , 18 , and Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza , 29 , both Iranians . Malaysian police believe Nourmohammadi was trying to emigrate to Germany using the stolen Austrian passport . The men entered Malaysia on February 28 using valid Iranian passports , Interpol said . "  Interpol is asking why only a handful of countries worldwide are taking care to make sure that persons possessing stolen passports are not boarding international flights , " Interpol Secretary General Ronald K. Noble said in a statement . Before the departure of Flight 370 , no country had checked the stolen passports against Interpol 's list since they were added to the lost-documents database in 2012 and 2013 , Interpol said . Countries , but not airlines , have access to Interpol 's data , and many governments do n't routinely check passports against the database . In 2013 , passengers were able to board planes more than 1 billion times without having their travel documents checked against Interpol 's data , the agency said . Airlines carried more than 3.1 billion passengers globally in 2013 , according to estimates from the International Air Transport Association . Are stolen passports related to plane 's disappearance ? Interpol head Noble said Tuesday that the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 does not appear to be related to terrorism . "  The more information we get , the more we 're inclined to conclude that it was not a terrorist incident , " Noble said at a news conference in Lyon , France . There 's no evidence to suggest either of the men traveling on the missing Malaysia Airlines flight was connected to any terrorist organizations , according to Malaysian investigators . On any given day , many people travel using stolen or fake passports for reasons that have nothing to do with terrorism , aviation security expert Richard Bloom told CNN . They might be trying to immigrate illegally to another country , or they might be smuggling stolen goods , people , drugs or weapons or trying to import otherwise legal goods without paying taxes , said Bloom , director of terrorism , intelligence and security studies at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University . "  For all of those reasons , the very notion that passports might be important in this particular situation may be a red herring , " Bloom said . Noble said Sunday that the fact that any passenger was able to board an international flight using a stolen passport listed in Interpol 's databases is a big concern . "  This is a situation we had hoped never to see , " he said . "  For years Interpol has asked why should countries wait for a tragedy to put prudent security measures in place at borders and boarding gates ? " Few countries look up stolen passports Interpol does not charge countries for access to its databases , but some of the 190 Interpol member countries may not have the technical capacity or resources to access the network , according to Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director . "  It 's just up to the will of the country to set it up and do it , " Fuentes said . Interpol 's Stolen and Lost Travel Documents database was created in 2002 , following the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , to help countries secure their borders . Since then , it has expanded from a few thousand passports and searches to more than 40 million entries and more than 800 million searches per year . About 60,000 of those 800 million searches yield hits against stolen or lost documents , according to Interpol . The United States searches the database more than 250 million times annually , the United Kingdom more than 120 million times annually and the United Arab Emirates more than 50 million times annually , Interpol said .  Some 300,000 passports are lost or stolen each year in the United States , according to the U.S. State Department , which collects reports of stolen passports and sends them to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and Interpol . According to the Department of Homeland Security , Customs and Border Protection vets all travelers booked on flights to , from and heading through the United States through the Advanced Passenger Information System . It conducts a thorough review of all relevant domestic and international criminal databases , including Interpol 's , for any issues of concern . This review includes reports of stolen documents . "  If Malaysia Airlines and all airlines worldwide were able to check the passport details of prospective passengers against Interpol 's database , then we would not have to speculate whether stolen passports were used by terrorists to board MH 370 , " Interpol 's Noble said . The Thailand connection The Austrian and Italian passports were stolen in Thailand in 2012 and 2013 , respectively , according to Interpol . Thailand is a booming market for stolen passports . Paul Quaglia , who has been working in the region as a security and risk analyst for 14 years , said the situation in Thailand is better than it was five to 10 years ago "  but still not up to international standards . " "  Unfortunately , Thailand remains a robust venue for the sale of high-quality false passports  which includes altered stolen passports  and other supporting documentation , " he said . Not all "  lost " passports are necessarily "  stolen " passports , Quaglia said . "  Some passports ` lost ' are actually sold by the passport holder . Some young men and others traveling to Thailand , short on cash after extended partying and high living , can be approached to sell a passport , which can be easily replaced at embassies upon presentation of a routine ` lost passport ' police report , " he said . Searching for true identities An investigation was launched into the Flight 370 matter , with Malaysian and aviation authorities reviewing video and other documentation to try to identify not only who the passengers were that used the stolen passports but how the illegal passports cleared security . In an interview with CNN on Monday , Thailand Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra said the country is cooperating with Interpol in the investigation . Interpol 's Noble urged countries and airlines to adopt routine checks against its lost and stolen document database . "  I sincerely hope that governments and airlines worldwide will learn from the tragedy of missing flight MH 370 and begin to screen all passengers ' passports prior to allowing them to board flights , " Noble said . "  Doing so will indeed take us a step closer to ensuring safer travel . "	Two passengers on the missing Malaysian Airlines flight were traveling on stolen passports Authorities say there 's no indication of terrorism links Travelers smuggling drugs , other contraband might use stolen passports , experts say Human traffickers also may travel on passports to hide their identities , they say
CNN  -- An Alaska judge has denied Bristol Palin 's request that her court fight with ex-boyfriend Levi Johnston over custody of their son be kept private to avoid a "  media circus . " The daughter of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is seeking full custody of 1-year-old Tripp , contending that Johnston is too immature to be a responsible father and that his mother 's felony drug conviction makes her a danger to the child . Bristol Palin filed for full custody in November , but Johnston is seeking shared custody . Both parents are 19 . Their teenage relationship fell under an intense public spotlight after Sen. John McCain picked Sarah Palin as his vice presidential running mate in August 2008 . Court documents , now unsealed , were published online Monday by the Anchorage Daily News . Johnston joined the family at the Republican National Convention after the campaign confirmed that Bristol , then 17 , was five months pregnant with his child . The couple broke off their engagement about two months after their son 's birth in December 2008 . Johnston has asked that the case conducted in public to protect himself from Sarah Palin , whom he said was "  powerful , politically ambitious and has a reputation for being extremely vindictive . " But Bristol Palin 's request that the case be sealed said public proceedings "  will turn this custody case into a media circus which is not in Tripp 's best interest . " "  In this day and age of the Internet , media stories remain available for years , even decades , after they are first published , and anything printed in the media  whether it is true or not  will be available to Tripp when he is old enough to read , " Palin said in a sworn affidavit . She said Johnston wanted a public case so he could "  continue to make a spectacle of this custody dispute for his own self-promotion . " Johnston was set to take part in a reality show in Alaska , she said . "  I do not believe that it would be in Tripp 's best interest for Levi 's reality show to be filming this case as it unfolds , or for Levi Johnston to be capitalizing off of this custody case through his reality show , " Palin said . Johnston 's sworn statement said he feared what Sarah Palin might do against him if the case were kept secret . "  I really think that closing the court could make this matter very uncivil and potentially open the door for poor influences on Bristol and her attorney that may be extremely inappropriate and potentially harmful to Tripp , " he said . While Johnston said his former girlfriend would never be malicious toward him , "  her mother is powerful , politically ambitious and has a reputation for being extremely vindictive . " "  So , I think a public case might go a long way in reducing Sarah Palin 's instinct to attack and allow the real parties in this litigation , Bristol and I , to work things out a lot more peacefully than we could if there is any more meddling from Sarah Palin , " Johnston said . Bristol Palin 's affidavit said her mother is not involved in the custody case , except as a grandmother . But Johnston 's lawyer , Rex Butler , said in his own affidavit that his client does not trust closed proceedings because "  Sarah Palin is known to deal forcefully with those she perceives as political enemies . " "  He feels Sarah Palin , through her lawyer , under the guise of Bristol Palin 's name , would run roughshod over his very bones , " Butler said . The judge 's ruling , signed last week , concludes that Bristol Palin "  failed to demonstrate that this case involves ` matters of a sensitive and highly personal nature ' of such a magnitude that ` protection of the party 's name outweighs the public 's interest in disclosure . ' " Her filing for full custody argued that Levi was "  not ready for the demands of parenthood and the sacrifices that would entail to a 19-year-old aspiring actor/model . " "  Levi remains without a regular job or steady source of income , " the petition states . While he 's not enrolled in school "  to learn a trade or earn a degree , " he has made money by selling stories about his son and the Palins to news outlets and engaged in "  risque modeling for Playgirl magazine , " it states . The photos published last month showed Johnston in semi-nude poses , not with the full frontal nudity that 's Palin 's filing cited . The petition cited a series of messages posted on the online social network Twitter.com as evidence that Johnston "  may have substance abuse issues , based on statements he has made about seeking ` weed . ' " Johnston 's response said he does not have a Twitter account "  and has made no such statements about the use of marijuana . " But Palin 's harshest attack was on Levi 's mother , Sherry Johnston , who pleaded guilty to a felony drug charge earlier this year . Palin asked that the paternal grandmother be barred from having any unsupervised visitation with Tripp . Her petition said she "  may re-offend , keep medications around the house which could be accessible to the baby , have illegal drug users come to the house  or she could take the baby in her car during a drug sale  . " Palin also said that since Sherry Johnston "  could fall asleep or be too drowsy to appropriately monitor the baby . " "  She is also a chronic pain patient and undergoes daily , regular and sustained narcotic infusions , " Palin 's petition said . Johnston 's response said his mother 's "  chronic pain condition is currently being managed in coordination with the Department of Corrections . " "  Sherry Johnston will not be left to take care of the minor child alone , but will simply be there to assist to the best of her ability , " Johnston 's filing said . She was released from an Alaska prison last week to serve the remainder of her three-year sentence under house arrest at her home in Wasilla , Alaska . She must wear an ankle bracelet for electronic monitoring , Corrections Department spokesman Richard Schmitz said .	Levi Johnston is seeking shared custody of Tripp Palin , now a year old Bristol Palin requested that proceedings be closed to prevent a "  media circus " Johnston wanted case kept public to protect himself from ex-fiancee 's powerful mom Unsealed court documents were published online by the Anchorage Daily News
CNN  -- The Sudanese president has vowed to "  never give up " a disputed oil-rich region that has escalated tensions with South Sudan and sparked fears of the two neighbors ' return to war . Clashes between the two nations soared in the past week after South Sudan declared the disputed Heglig region is under its control . Sudan also claims ownership and has lodged complaints with the United Nations and the African Union , urging them to pressure South Sudan to withdraw troops from its territory . The United States on Thursday called for both sides to stop the hostilities . "  We condemn South Sudan 's military involvement in the attack on and seizure of Heglig , an act which goes beyond self-defense and has increased tensions between Sudan and South Sudan to dangerous levels , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . "  We also condemn the continued aerial bombardment in South Sudan by the Sudanese Armed Forces . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged both countries to return to the negotiating table . "  The last thing the people of these two countries need is another war -- a war that could claim countless lives , destroy hope and ruin the prospects of peace and stability and prosperity of all Sudanese people , " he said . China , which has invested heavily Sudan 's oil industry , also argued for calm . "  China again calls for the two countries to immediately stop hostility and respect each other 's sovereignty , " Liu Weiming , a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said at a regular news briefing Thursday . During a rally broadcast on state media , Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir said , "  We will never give up an inch of our land . And we have said it before , whoever extends his hand toward Sudan , we will cut it off . " The international community has urged Sudan and South Sudan to return to the table amid intensified tensions . South Sudan split from its neighbor in July under the terms of a 2005 peace agreement that ended decades of a civil war . During the defiant speech , the Sudanese leader told citizens that "  Heglig is in Kordofan , " referring to a border state owned by the nation . "  We will punish them ... and it will be the last lesson for them , " he said . "  If they do not understand , we will make them get it by force . We extended our hand before for peace and unity . But they deceived us . Heglig is the start . " South Sudan did not immediately respond to the latest speech , but a military official vowed to retain a grip on the region a day earlier . "  We will hold this position , " said Maj. Gen. Mangar Buong , a deputy commander for the South Sudanese military . Princeton Lyman , the U.S. Special Envoy for Sudan and South Sudan , has been in both countries recently , holding meetings with government officials . There is "  an enormous amount of very emotional , very powerful rhetoric coming from here in Khartoum raising the stakes in many ways and that 's worrisome in and of itself , " he said on a conference call from Khartoum on Thursday . But he said that based on the discussions he 'd had in both Khartoum and Juba , "  I can say with confidence that virtually everyone I have talked to has said , ` Look , we do n't want to go to all out war with the other , we need to find a way out . ' " Tensions run deep between the two nations , which have outstanding issues despite their divorce last year . Unresolved issues include status of citizens , how much the landlocked South should pay to transport its oil through Sudan and the division of national debt , among others . The fate of disputed border areas is also a point of contention . As long-simmering tensions soar , rights group are warning of deteriorating humanitarian conditions . "  The deteriorating situation right now is making the overall humanitarian issues very challenging , " said Alex Neve , secretary-general of Amnesty International Canada . Neve , who is in the South Sudan capital of Juba , said supply lines at refugee camps have been cut off and failure to get key supplies before the rains will lead to a humanitarian crisis . In addition , there are reports of human rights violations . "  The refugees coming in across the border have consistent stories of aerial bombardments and ground attacks " from Sudanese soldiers , he said . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , David McKenzie , Faith Karimi and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. envoy says both sides want to avoid war despite rhetoric China and the U.N. call for an end to hostilities by both sides Clashes between the two nations soar in the past week Tensions intensified after South Sudan said it seized the disputed Heglig region
Washington  CNN  -- In testimony that sharply contradicted the Obama administration 's initial narrative of the September 11 , 2012 , terrorist attacks in Benghazi , Libya , three witnesses shared firsthand accounts this week of what happened before , during and after the attack . The three testified before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , recounting the horrific events that took the lives of four heroic Americans that day at the U.S. Consulate . Much of what we have known about Benghazi to this point has come from Obama administration sources . The accounts of these brave witnesses raise troubling questions about the veracity of what we 've been told by official sources since the attack took place . The first contradiction pits former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's explanation of security conditions at the compound against that of Eric Nordstrom , the former regional security officer at the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli . In his testimony Wednesday , he repeated assertions he 'd made to Congressional investigators last year that his recommendations to upgrade security were ignored at the highest levels . Yet roughly four months after the attacks , Clinton told the House Committee on Foreign Affairs that "  specific requests and decision making " on security "  rest with the security professionals . " Even more disturbing was the discrepancy over what happened during the attack . The official story in the Accountability Review Board  ARB  report concluded there was no "  undue " denial of support or assets . Yet we heard testimony from Deputy Chief of Mission Greg Hicks that four special operations military personnel in Tripoli were preparing to go to Benghazi on a rescue mission when they were told to stand down . This is jarring , taken against then-Defense Secretary Leon Panetta 's claim in February that "  time , distance , the lack of an adequate warning ... prevented a more immediate response . " Opinion : Benghazi hearing 's real target : Clinton in 2016 Furthermore , the Foreign Emergency Support Team  FEST  , which the State Department 's website calls "  the United States Government 's only interagency , on-call , short-notice team poised to respond to terrorist incidents worldwide " was not called into action . For nearly two weeks after the attack , the Obama administration continued to peddle the story that it began as a demonstration against a video and got out of hand -- a claim that is now universally understood to be false . But at Wednesday 's hearing , Rep. Trey Gowdy , R-South Carolina , quoted what he said was an internal e-mail dated the day after the attack in which Assistant Secretary of State Beth Jones told the Libyan ambassador that Islamic group Ansar al-Sharia was responsible for the attack . The video claim was pure fiction , but Hicks testified that he was reassigned to a lower-level position after he questioned it .  A State Department spokesman maintains that Hicks was not subjected to retaliation . More troubling than the initial video claim , however , is the allegation of serious flaws in the report issued by the Accountability Review Board , convened by Clinton , whose members include retired diplomat Thomas R. Pickering and retired Adm. Mike Mullen , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . All three career diplomats who testified Wednesday complained about the report , which they said was incomplete and assigned blame to the wrong personnel . As Congressional investigators have tried to get answers , the State Department has thrown up roadblocks . For example , Hicks testified that the State Department sent a lawyer from Washington in an unsuccessful attempt to ensure that I did not speak to him privately during my visit to Libya after the attacks . These concerted efforts by the State Department to conceal information from Congress should raise red flags . We have four dead Americans . To date , nobody has been captured or killed . The terrorists are still on the run . And we have an increasing number of contradictions between what we were led to believe and what the witnesses say actually happened . It 's hard to take any refutations of the testimony seriously given the impeccable credentials of the witnesses and the despicable record of misdirection from this administration . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Chaffetz .	Jason Chaffetz : Testimony this week on Benghazi contradicts administration 's initial narrative He says 3 diplomats ' firsthand testimony cast doubt on veracity of administration 's account Rep. Gowdy said an email showed State Dept. knew Islamists , not video , behind attack Chaffetz : Administration has repeatedly misdirected , thwarted Congressional investigators
CNN  Cristiano Ronaldo has beaten Lionel Messi to the Ballon d'Or for the second successive year . The 29-year-old was voted best player in the world ahead of the Argentina and Barcelona forward and German international and Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer at a FIFA ceremony held in Zurich , Switzerland . Ronaldo received the most votes from a panel made up of captains and coaches of national teams and a selection of the world 's media . "  I would like to thank all of those who voted for me , " Ronaldo said after receiving the award . "  It has been an incredible year . I would like to continue the work that I have done so far . I want to try to improve , to become better as each day goes by . "  I never thought that I would bring this trophy back home on three occasions . I want to become one of the greatest players of all time . " Ronaldo , who picked up his first world player of the year award in 2008 and repeated the feat in 2013 , was hotly tipped to scoop the title for the third time after completing another spectacular season at Real Madrid . The Portuguese scored 56 goals in 51 appearances for Los Blancos in all competitions in 2014 and netted a total of 61 goals from 60 appearances during the calendar year . He was instrumental in helping Carlo Ancelotti 's side lift a 10th UEFA Champions League title as well as winning the Copa del Rey and the UEFA Super Cup . Ronaldo also broke the record for most La Liga hat-tricks in December last year . His three goals against Celta Vigo took him to a total of 23 hat-tricks , one more than La Liga legend Telmo Zarra and Real Madrid icon Alfredo di Stefano . In the same match he also notched up his 200th La Liga goal . The Portuguese has enjoyed a remarkable La Liga season so far , scoring 26 times in 17 matches for table-topping Real Madrid this term . Messi , who won the FIFA award for four consecutive years from 2009 to 2012 , admitted in an interview at the weekend that it would be "  difficult " to win this year when Ronaldo and Neuer had enjoyed such success in 2014 -- the German was a key member of country 's World Cup winning side in Brazil and conceded just 40 goals in 62 matches all year . If nothing else , the trip to Zurich was a welcome distraction from speculation about his future at Barcelona . Rumors have circulated recently that the Argentine is unhappy at the Nou Camp -- Messi was recently left out of the starting line up in a La Liga match against Real Sociedad and missed a training session the following day with "  a stomach bug . " Reports have suggested that he is unhappy with manager Luis Enrique 's coaching methods and is seeking suitors in the English Premier League . But he was quick to dismiss any idea of a move . Speaking to Barcelona TV after the Catalan club 's 3-1 win against Atletico Madrid , Messi said suggestions that he wanted to leave the Spanish giants were "  lies . " "  I have n't asked for anything to stay here because I have never wanted to go anywhere else . I have also heard that I have spoken to Chelsea and -LSB- Manchester -RSB- City ... but it 's all lies , " Messi told the Spanish club 's TV channel . Stories circulating that he had poor relationships with former coach Pep Guardiola , former star players including Samuel Eto'o and Zlatan Ibrahimovic and asked for them to be moved on were "  in no way true , " he said . "  I am tired of hearing things about me . They say that I run the club when I am just another player . I do n't make those decisions , nor have I asked to make them . " However , at the awards ceremony , Messi sent the rumor mill turning when he admitted : "  I do n't know where I 'll be next year . " He added : "  I always said that I would finish my career at Barcelona and then at  his home town club in Argentina  Newell 's . "  As Cristiano  Ronaldo  said recently , football has many twists and anything can happen . " Low on a high A number of other awards were given out during the star-studded ceremony including the World Coach of the Year which went to the man who masterminded Germany 's World Cup win last July , Joachim Low . "  It is the icing on the cake , the cake being the World Cup , " Low said . "  I know this award is not just for me , I am taking it here on behalf of all those who have assisted . We have had excellent conditions to produce what we have been able to produce . "  It 's a consequence of many years of hard work . I 'd like to say thank you to all of the German coaches who do so much with the young players every day . " The award for the Women 's World Player of the Year went to German midfielder Nadine Kessler who beat Brazil striker Marta and Abby Wambach , the U.S. team 's all-time leading goalscorer to the title . Kessler succeeds her compatriot Nadine Angerer , who became the first goalkeeper to win the award 12 months ago . James Rodriguez 's sensational volley at the 2014 World Cup won the FIFA Puskas Award for the best goal of 2014 . The 23-year-old netted his goal during Colombia 's 2-0 win against South American rivals Uruguay in the last 16 . It was one of six goals Rodriguez scored during the tournament -- a total that earned him the coveted Golden Boot award , given to the player who scores most goals at a World Cup Finals . "  I 'd like to thank everybody who has voted for me . This was a very special moment for me and everyone in Colombia . I feel incredibly happy . " Rodriguez 's goal -- scored in front thousands of spectators at the Maracana stadium in Rio and watched by millions on television -- pipped Stephanie Roche 's volley . Roche 's spectacular goal was witnessed by an altogether smaller audience -- just 95 people were at Peamount 's National League game against Wexford Youths . Even so Roche 's effort beat Robin van Persie 's flying header -- scored for Holland against Spain in the World Cup -- into third .	Cristiano Ronaldo wins the FIFA Ballon d'Or 2014 Ronaldo wins the award for second successive year and third time in total Award for world footballer of the year voted for by national coaches , captains and world media Germany international manager Joachim Low wins World Coach of the Year
Three people washed off their crippled ship and engulfed by Atlantic waters roiled by Hurricane Sandy scrambled for help on Monday , the U.S. Coast Guard said , but only one of them made it to safety . When the HMS Bounty 's crew members realized their lives were in danger off the North Carolina coast in the dark morning hours , they made a short journey they hoped they 'd never have to take -- to two waiting life rafts . But only 13 of the 16 people aboard got off the ship safely , initially , and only one of the three washed overboard made it into a raft , Coast Guard Vice Adm. Robert Parker told CNN . That left rescuers scrambling to find them in the frenzied ocean , Parker said . One of them -- the Bounty 's longtime captain , Robin Walbridge -- remained missing as night approached Monday , said Lt. Mike Patterson , a Coast Guard spokesman . The body of the second , deckhand Claudene Christian , was found Monday evening , the Coast Guard announced . Crane partially collapses , dangles over New York street The 180-foot , three-masted ship , a replica of the famous British vessel , foundered about 90 miles off North Carolina as Sandy 's fury churned the Atlantic into 18-foot seas , its owner , Bob Hansen , told CNN affilliate KUSA . Hansen said Walbridge was attempting to head east , away from the hurricane , when the ship began taking on water . "  At that time it was n't considered an emergency , even though they had several feet of water inside the boat , " Hansen said . "  She 's a very large ship , and that little bit of water really does not do anything to her . But somehow we lost power in our generator and in our main engines , and as a result , we could not pump any water out of the boat . " As the waves continued to batter the ship , "  it just got to the point where she could n't stay afloat anymore . " CNN meteorologists say the water temperature varies greatly in that part of the ocean because of the gulf stream . So the water could be anywhere from 50 to 64 degrees Fahrenheit . All of the crew members were wearing orange survival suits with strobe lights designed to keep them afloat , warm and easy to find . "  But in these conditions , it 's very problematic , " Parker said , adding that a timely deployment of search-and-rescue aircraft and ships gives the missing a chance . A C-130 aircraft and a helicopter have been monitoring the area around the shipwreck . Two Coast Guard cutters were en route to the scene to help with search-and-rescue , with one expected to arrive later on Monday and the other expected on Tuesday , Parker said . Coast Guard helicopters plucked 14 people out of two lifeboats around 6:30 a.m. , Petty Officer Brandyn Hill said . "  The first guy we pulled up , he was really happy to see us . That 's for sure , " said Aviation Survival Technician 2 Randy Haba , a Coast Guard rescue swimmer . "  We got him up there , and he was all excited and saying , ` That 's a good job , ' and everything was great . He was just a little cold , but he was good to go . " The life boats were designed to hold 25 people and had canopies for shelter against pelting rain and winds . All of those rescued arrived at the Coast Guard air station in Elizabeth City , North Carolina , and were in good health , Parker said . Initial reports said 17 crew members were aboard , but the Coast Guard later corrected that number . The Coast Guard said it has "  diminished search-and-rescue capabilities " as Category 1 Hurricane Sandy batters the U.S. East Coast . More sea rescues prompted by Sandy were reported in Delaware Bay . The ship was built for the 1962 film version of "  Mutiny on the Bounty , " starring Marlon Brando , and appeared in the 2006 blockbuster "  Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man 's Chest . " It was once owned by America 's Cup winner and CNN founder Ted Turner , who acquired it in 1986 along with the rights to the MGM film library . "  Among the many troubling reports on the devastating impact of Hurricane Sandy , I am deeply saddened to hear that the HMS Bounty was overtaken by the storm , " Turner said in a statement Monday night . "  As a sailor and former owner of the Bounty , my heart goes out to the families of the missing crew members , and I am truly hopeful for their safe recovery . " The ship departed New London , Connecticut , for St. Petersburg , Florida , on October 25 , according to the ship 's Facebook page . Facebook postings bearing that date say things such as "  I 'm sure that Hurricane Sandy will be a major consideration when Bounty leaves for St. Petersburg later today , " and "  Bounty will be sailing East out to sea before heading South to avoid the brunt of Hurricane Sandy . " The ship was scheduled to arrive at the Pier in St. Petersburg as early as November 7 for a public display on November 10 and 11 , the Pier 's general manager , Carol Everson , said Monday . The St. Petersburg/Clearwater Area Convention and Vistors Bureau is promoting "  The HMS Bounty Returns To The Pier " on its website . Everson said it 's hard to believe the Bounty , which has docked in St. Petersburg for long stretches since the 1970s , is buried under the ocean . Streets turn to rivers , residents trapped in homes "  It had such a history , not only because of ` Mutiny on the Bounty , ' but it 's been a great part of St. Petersburg for so many years . It 's going to be missed , " Everson said . "  It had a majestic look with its tall masts . It had an aura about it . " While following the ship 's Facebook timeline , you can read a mixture of trepidation and attempts at soothing fears . On Saturday , this post appeared : "  Bounty 's current voyage is a calculated decision ... NOT AT ALL ... irresponsible or with a lack of foresight as some have suggested . The fact of the matter is ... A SHIP IS SAFER AT SEA THAN IN PORT ! " No one responded to the contact e-mail or phone number listed on the ship 's website and Facebook account . Sandy is evoking memories of the "  nor'easter " that struck off New England in 1991 and inspired the best-selling book and movie "  The Perfect Storm . " Ray Leonard , who survived that storm on his sailboat before the Coast Guard rescued him , said being besieged by high winds and waves can be exhausting , but sometimes sailors just have to deal with that physical discomfort . "  You do n't really have time to think about much outside , because there 's always about six jobs that need doing , " Leonard said Monday . Leonard said he never felt terribly vulnerable in ' 91 . However , he said , Hurricane Sandy 's immensity poses more of a quandary for sailors . "  The one I was in was different , because you could do something . In Sandy , you ca n't do much , " Leonard said . How to help	Former owner Ted Turner says he 's "  deeply saddened " by the Bounty 's loss A deckhand 's body has been found and the captain is missing The Coast Guard says 14 rescued crew members are "  in good health " The Bounty was en route to St. Petersburg , Florida , when it sank in heavy seas
London , England  CNN  -- An interview with a Swedish footballer playing in his home country 's fourth tier usually only engages the interest of the most parochial of soccer fans , but when Anton Hysen agreed to speak to a local magazine last month , it unexpectedly created headlines from Brazil to China . The 20-year old midfielder -- a former under-17 Swedish international now playing for Utsiktens BK of Gothenburg , a team that rarely attracts crowds of more than a few hundred -- made history as well as headlines . "  I am a footballer and -LSB- I am -RSB- gay . If I perform as a footballer , then I do not think it matters if I like girls or boys , " he told Swedish football magazine Offside . In a heartbeat Hysen became the world 's only current professional footballer to go public on being gay , breaking the game 's last taboo . Homosexuality in professional sport remains a controversial issue . But as attitudes have changed , sportsmen and women like Martina Navratilova , arguably the greatest women 's tennis player of all time , to basketball 's John Amaechi , have publicly announced their sexuality despite the pressure from both the locker room and the prejudice of fans . Yet whilst tennis , basketball , cricket and even rugby union have acknowledged the presence of gay players , football has been oddly , and stubbornly , resistant . Even in the past six months , for every Mario Gomez or Manuel Neur -- two German internationals who have urged gay players to go public -- there 's a Vlatko Markovic , the head of the Croatian Football Federation , who told Croat newspaper Vercernji List that : "  While I 'm president of the Croatian Football Federation , there will be no homosexuals playing in the national team ... thankfully only normal people play football . " And FIFA president Sepp Blatter was caught out too when he joked that gay supporters should refrain from having sex at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar . Homosexuality is illegal in the emirate . Football lags behind But why is it that soccer , which has waged a largely successfully battle against racism and sexism in western Europe , remains one of the few bastions of homophobia in sport ? The answer according to the "  Justin Campaign " -- a group that campaigns for more tolerance for homosexuality in football -- is the fear of reprisals from fans . "  Football , with its roots in working-class male culture , has always had a far more aggressive and vocal support , " explains spokesman Alan Duffy . "  That 's not to say that middle class people are n't racist or homophobic . Simply that often they will keep their views to themselves . Footballers receive crowd abuse for everything and anything . Fans now know not to openly express racist views at grounds . We need to get to a stage where they know that homophobic chanting is unacceptable too . " The campaign is named after the only other professional footballer , aside from Anton Hysen , who went public about their sexuality . Fashanu was a promising young English striker who in 1981 became Britain 's first # 1 million  $ 1.6 million  black player when he signed for then-European Cup winners Nottingham Forest . In 1990 he came out after a British newspaper planned to run an expose of Fashanu 's affair with a politician . But according to gay activist and friend Peter Tatchell , the pressure of leading a double life , coupled later with the abuse he received from supporters everywhere he played , left an indelible mark . "  During that decade of closeted double life he found it immensely difficult to cope with the strain of hiding his gayness in the macho world of football , " he recalled . "  Justin suffered racism too ... they would make monkey noises and gestures , and throw bananas on the pitch . But it was the anti-gay prejudice that ultimately dragged him down . " Fashanu never fulfilled his potential and drifted down the divisions . In 1998 , after falsely believing that a warrant had been issued for his arrest in the U.S. following allegations of a sexual assault , Fashanu hanged himself . He was 37 years old . According to the Justin Campaign , the experiences of Fashanu , and the vitriol it unleashed , has made it harder to persuade high-profile footballers to come out . Only last year , the English Football Association  FA  delayed the launch of a viral video tackling the issue of homophobia in the game when it emerged that every footballer and agent the FA approached had declined to endorse it . "  I suspect agents and clubs shied away from it , " Peter Clayton , chair of the FA 's Homophobia in Football advisory group , told British newspaper the Daily Mail . "  A player coming forward to appear in it would feel he might ignite more vitriol . " Agents or fans ? Indeed , new research has suggested that it is the football clubs and football agents themselves , rather than the fans , that might be the real barrier to players coming out . Dr Ellis Cashmore , professor of culture media and sport at Staffordshire University , conducted an anonymous survey of over 3,000 fans and footballers , and discovered that 91 % believed that only a player 's performance on the pitch mattered , whilst just 9 % believed that a player 's sexuality posed a problem . "  Before we did the research the big homophobia barrier was fans and the players did n't want to confront hostile fans , " Dr Cashmore told CNN . "  But they -LSB- the fans surveyed -RSB- said that they thought it was the clubs , because no clubs want to take a risk because they feel it will hurt the brand of the club . " It was sentiment echoed by Max Clifford , a UK media impresario who last year revealed that he represented two gay Premier League footballers but urged them to stay in the closet . "  Do I think it 's right ? Of course not ... It 's a very sad state of affairs . But it 's a fact that homophobia in football is as strong now as 10 years ago . " Dr. Cashmore agrees . "  They -LSB- football clubs and agents -RSB- have read Max Clifford 's remarks . Agents make money from commission . Agents will ask players : ` We have $ 6.5 million in endorsement contracts , would it damage your reputation -LSB- to come out -RSB- ? ' It 's how they think about this . By nature they are cautious . You have two conservative forces here . Clubs who are institutions and agents who want to protect their own income streams . Many of them reluctantly concede that perception . " The English FA believes it is now on the right track when it comes to dealing with homophobic abuse , perhaps even setting the stage for a footballer to follow Anton Hysen . "  The FA is communicating with experts in tackling homophobia on a regular basis ... there is an FA strategy in place to implement those over the next 12 months and beyond , " explained the FA 's Matt Phillips . The next Hysen ? Some , like Dr. Cashmore , believe that far from being a barrier to earning money , an openly gay player would be able to significantly raise their profile , an experience borne out by the interest in Anton Hysen 's story . But even with the changing attitudes in society , gay footballers still look as much to the experiences of Fashanu as Hysen . "  Would a player face the same vitriol as Justin ? It 's hard to say , " said Duffy . "  He may well do . But there would be also many many more words of encouragement . Something that would help and something that Justin did n't get , unfortunately . "	Anton Hysen , a fourth division Swedish footballer , recently declared he was gay He became only the second professional footballer to do so The first , Justin Fashanu , hanged himself in 1998 CNN looks at the reasons why sexuality remains the last taboo in football
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Ukraine 's Prime Minister called Tuesday for a peaceful resolution to the actions that have targeted his government in recent days . "  We are open to dialogue , we are ready to discuss with peaceful demonstrators all terms of our agreements , " Mykola Azarov told parliament here shortly after opposition lawmakers failed to garner the 226 votes they would have needed to bring down his government . Azarov said he was extending his hand to the opposition , but warned that he was working from a position of strength . "  If we find a fist , I say frankly , we have enough forces , " he said , according to a government website . Azarov said the government is supported by most Ukrainians , who want the government to restore order "  and continue the course to democratic transformation , to European integration . In this we are united with those honest demonstrators who came on the squares . " "  Talk is cheap , " said Mustafa Nayem , a protest organizer and journalist , in an interview with CNN International . Citing the use of force by the government against peaceful demonstrators , he said , "  Now , I do n't think that the people will accept this government . " Opposition leaders Vitaly Klitschko and Arseniy Yatsenyuk called on President Viktor Yanukovych to sack the Prime Minister and his government by executive order . Klitschko , who gained fame as a boxer , vowed that the opposition would make sure their demands were met . Among those demands were for someone to be held responsible for the violence against the demonstrators , he said . "  It 's not enough to tell just ` sorry , ' it happens , ' " Klitschko told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  How many times do we have to listen to that ? " As he spoke , thousands of protesters remained in the streets , undeterred by the freezing weather and demanding new elections . They took to the streets and plunged the nation into crisis after Kiev 's last-minute decision not to sign a political and trade agreement with the European Union . Protests gain strength Over the weekend , tens of thousands of protesters descended on the capital 's Independence Square to voice their anger , and demonstrations continued Monday , when they blocked the government 's main headquarters with trash bins and containers , preventing employees from going to work . Many set up tents and remained in the square , waving flags and chanting against the government in the biggest protests in Ukraine since the 2004 Orange Revolution -- a populist movement that booted Yanukovych , then Prime Minister , from office . "  The protests will go on until the opposition finds a way to solve this , " protester Sergey Vysotsky , 24 , told CNN . "  My guess is that they wo n't go back to their homes until they accomplish what they came here for . " Their numbers swelled Tuesday , with one group remaining in the square and another marching toward the President 's administration building after the vote . "  If they are not following the will of the nation , they are illegitimate , " said demonstrator Yehven Buleha . "  We need to create our own government and introduce our order , our right to vote . " The protests have been largely peaceful , though violence flared Sunday when demonstrators using a bulldozer were met with stun guns and tear gas as they tried to push through barricades at the President 's administration building . That night , police chased and beat protesters with batons . Dozens were hurt on both sides . In a statement , NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said the organization condemned the use of violence against the demonstrators and called on all parties to refrain from violence . "  Obviously we fully respect Ukrainian decisions on their alliance affiliations and to which organizations they want to belong or with which organizations they want to cooperate , " he said . "  But I would expect such decision-making processes to be truly democratic . " In Brussels , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said there was "  very powerful evidence " that Ukrainians want to be associated with the European Union . "  We stand with the vast majority of the Ukrainians who want to see this future for their country , " he told reporters . "  They ought to be able to decide who they want to affiliate with , without a bidding war either in personal terms or in national terms but rather , based on the benefits that are available to them and the life that comes with it . " U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland is to visit Ukraine on Wednesday , he said , adding that he himself was looking forward to visiting the country "  when it too gets back on the path of European integration and economic responsibility . " The president of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , Ranko Krivokapic , said in a statement that he was "  deeply concerned " over the violence , in which protesters , police and journalists were hurt . "  As a participating state in the OSCE , Ukraine has committed itself to protect its citizens ' right to assemble and protest peacefully , " he said . "  The world will be watching Ukraine to make sure those rights are safeguarded in the days ahead . " Yanukovych , who departed Ukraine on Tuesday for China , told reporters on Monday that he supports a peaceful resolution to the "  questions brought on by our citizens . " But he also warned his opponents : "  As for the politicians participating in this , I consider any radicalization of the political process will only have negative consequences . " Azarov has said the government was being blocked from performing its basic functions , which could affect the payment of pensions and salaries . "  It 's a path leading to nowhere , " he said . Ukraine 's central bank said it would seek to maintain financial stability amid the protests . In a video statement , National Bank of Ukraine chairman Ihor Sorkin urged depositors to have confidence in the banking system and not withdraw their savings . Ukraine 's east-west split Ukraine is split between pro-European regions in the west of the country and a more Russia-oriented east . At the heart of the protests is Ukraine 's about-face after a year of insisting that it would sign a political and trade agreement with the European Union . The deal , the EU 's "  Eastern Partnership , " was aimed at fostering closer political ties and generating economic growth among the nations of Eastern Europe and the Caucasus , including Ukraine , Moldova , Georgia , Armenia , Azerbaijan and Belarus . On November 21 , Yanukovych 's government suspended talks with the EU , angering many Ukrainians . The agreement with the EU would have opened borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion , they said . Chief among Yanukovych 's reasons for backpedaling was Russia 's opposition to it . Russia threatened its smaller neighbor with trade sanctions and steep gas bills if it forged ahead with an EU deal , but promised deep discounts on natural gas if it were to join the Moscow-led Customs Union instead . Yanukovych was also facing an EU demand that he was unwilling to meet : Free former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , his political opponent . The Orange Revolution that swept him from office also swept Tymoshenko to power . Two years ago , she was found guilty of abuse of office in a Russian gas deal and sentenced to seven years in prison in a case widely seen as politically motivated . Her supporters say she needs to travel abroad for medical treatment . Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed the protests Monday , saying they are unrelated to Ukraine 's turn away from the European Union . He called them reminiscent of a "  pogrom " rather than a revolution and an effort by the opposition to destabilize the government , Russia 's state news agency RIA Novosti said . "  These actions are , in my opinion , prepared not in view of current events , but for the 2015 election campaign , " Putin said . Echoes of the Orange Revolution Yatsenyuk , the leader of the Motherland opposition party , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Monday that the demonstrations were "  like a legacy of the Orange Revolution . " "  Due to the Orange Revolution , people have the spirit of freedom in my country , " he said . The European Union , Yatsenyuk said , had been "  very clear " that signing a trade deal would not be an auction . "  You ca n't sell the country to the European Union or to Russia , " he said . As the crisis worsened , Yanukovych on Monday asked the European Commission to receive a Ukrainian delegation to discuss "  some aspects " of the agreement Kiev had been expected to sign , according to a statement from Brussels . Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso acceded to the request , but noted that the commission was not prepared "  to reopen any kind of negotiations . " OPINION : Beware Russia 's power play in Ukraine CNN 's Elise Labott and Journalist Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Talk is cheap , " says protest organizer Opposition leaders call on the President to sack the Cabinet by executive order Ukrainian opposition fails to topple the government in a no-confidence vote "  If we find a fist , I say frankly , we have enough forces , " PM Azarov says
CNN  -- Chris Brown is a free man , for now . The troubled singer was released from a Los Angeles County jail just after midnight Monday , a Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department representative confirmed to CNN . Brown had been in jail since March . He was ordered to be held after being expelled from a court-ordered rehabilitation facility . He had been ejected from the facility for violating the rules . In May , Brown admitted to violating his probation for his arrest last year for an alleged assault in Washington . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James Brandlin sentenced Brown to serve 365 days in jail for the admitted probation violation , and the singer was given credit for serving 234 days because of the rehab and jail time . The case against Brown in Washington , in which he and his bodyguard Christopher Hollosy were accused of beating a man who tried to take a photo of Brown last October , is still pending . Brown has been charged with misdemeanor assault .	The singer was released from a Los Angeles County jail early Monday In May , he admitted to a probation violation He still faces charges in Washington
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- The cabbie probably thought nothing of it when the young couple left their large hard-sided suitcase in the trunk of his car and went back into the five-star hotel . They said they needed to find the other person they were with and to pay their bill . But after a lengthy wait , the young man and woman still had n't returned . Puzzled , the driver called hotel security . The suitcase in the trunk looked very odd . It was wrapped in a bedsheet . Then the cabbie saw blood . When authorities at the South Kuta station in Bali , Indonesia , opened the case , they found inside the badly beaten body of Sheila von Weise Mack , wrapped in a blood-stained bedsheet . Two smaller suitcases were found in the St. Regis Bali Resort garden . Both contained hotel towels with blood on them , according to police . Those are the events that police say unfolded Tuesday . Mack , 62 , of Chicago , had been staying at the posh St. Regis with her daughter , Heather Mack , and the daughter 's boyfriend , Tommy Schaefer . The daughter and her boyfriend were found Wednesday morning at another hotel about 15 kilometers  9 miles  away . The couple 's St. Regis room was "  very messy , " with clothes still inside . The couple told police they had been taken captive at the resort by an armed gang , whose members killed Sheila von Weise Mack , but they escaped , CNN affiliate Trans TV reported . Djoko Hari Utomo , police chief of Denpasar , the capital of Bali , said Thursday that the pair have been declared suspects in the case . According to Indonesian law , police can keep suspects in custody for up to 20 days . Djoko said that police had n't found anything on surveillance camera footage from the hotel that supported the claim of an attack by an armed gang . He said the footage showed the mother and daughter arguing near the hotel 's front desk on Tuesday . A lawyer appointed for the couple told Reuters that Heather Mack did n't want to comment on the incident . She repeatedly asked for a lawyer from the United States , he said . Djoko said Thursday he was looking into whether it was possible under Indonesian law to meet that request . The two suspects will be questioned separately , he said . Police also plan to carry out psychological assessments of the couple . U.S. officials will offer consular guidance to the two Americans . A doctor who examined the body said that judging by the bruises and other wounds , Mack was struck on the face and other parts of her head with a blunt object . She also had a gash on her forehead . Dr. Ida Bagus Putu Alit told CNN that there was evidence -- a broken fingernail and bruises on both wrists -- of an apparent struggle . A spokesman for the St. Regis , where rooms go for $ 500 to $ 8,200 a night , said the hotel staff is "  deeply saddened " by the incident and is doing all it can to assist investigators . A profile of Mack published by The Caxton Club of Chicago  PDF  says she worked for Edward M. "  Ted " Kennedy , the late U.S. senator from Massachusetts , and studied with Pulitzer Prize-winning writer Saul Bellow for 10 years . For years , the Macks lived in the affluent suburb of Oak Park , Illinois . An Oak Park police spokesman said a quick check showed officers had gone to the family 's home 86 times between 2004 and 2013 . The calls were for a variety of reasons including domestic trouble , missing persons reports and followups to 911 hangups , David Powers said . There were no records that anyone was arrested , he added . A man who said he was the Macks ' neighbor told the CNN affiliate WGN that Sheila von Weise Mack moved last year in hopes it would help improve family relations and for her to be closer to the arts . "  She was very much involved in the arts so you would see her at concerts , you 'd see her at lectures , " Allen Parchem told the station . "  I knew that she had a very active arts life downtown too , attending events , so with the move to downtown I think she was hoping to be even more a part of that scene . " A friend of the family described her as warm and thoughtful . Mark Bacharach , who had known her for 27 years , said she "  did not have a condescending , malicious bone in her body . " Bacharach said mother and daughter had a tumultuous relationship . "  Heather  could be extremely charming to guests , but mean to her mother , " he said . Sheila von Weise Mack 's husband , James , was a well-known figure in the Chicago music scene , having worked on dozens of albums . The Chicago Tribune reported he died of a pulmonary embolism in Athens , Greece , during a family vacation in 2006 . Toronto police : Floating suitcase had human remains Body of missing Michigan woman found in a suitcase in Indiana Grandfather , mother convicted in death of 4-year-old found in suitcase CNN 's Roger Clark reported from Jakarta and Steve Almasy reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Brian Todd , Pamela Brown , Eric Marrapodi , Joshua Berlinger , Brian Walker , Shawn Nottingham , Jethro Mullen and journalist Tasha Tampubolon contributed to this report .	NEW : The victim 's daughter and the daughter 's boyfriend are now suspects , police say Body of Sheila von Weise Mack , 62 , was found in a suitcase in the trunk of a taxi Police in Illinois had responded to 86 calls at the family home over nine years Couple say they were taken captive by an armed gang that killed the mother
CNN  -- A chance Facebook encounter has given two Michigan brothers a chance to walk free after nearly 25 years behind bars for a murder they say they never committed . Raymond and Thomas Highers , both 46 , were sentenced to life in prison for the 1987 murder of a suspected Detroit drug dealer . They are now getting a new trial -- set to start in mid August , according to court authorities -- after developments stemming from conversations on a Facebook page for people who had lived in a Detroit neighborhood in past decades . One of those former neighborhood residents , Mary Evans , mentioned the Highers and "  how horrible it is " that they remained in jail for a crime that she said many believed they did not commit . That prompted a man named Kevin Zieleniewski to converse about his former roommate who apparently witnessed two men with guns enter victim Robert Karey 's home just prior to a shooting that left Karey dead . The ex-roommate , John Hielscher , said a total of four men entered the house that night on June 26 , 1987 , according to a 2011 affidavit . Hielscher described all four men as African-American , according to the affidavit . Raymond and Thomas Highers are white . Hielscher 's testimony prompted Wayne County Court Judge Lawrence Talon to throw out the decades-old murder convictions last week . "  The court found that the new evidence we found was reliable and credible , " said Highers ' attorney Janet Napp . "  These men have proclaimed their innocence all these years and nothing has changed . Finally because of Facebook , witnesses have been discovered . " In the affidavit , Hielscher said he had n't come forward out of fear the real killers would come after him . The Wayne County prosecutors office declined to comment , though it can appeal the court 's decision to overturn the past conviction , according to office spokeswoman Maria Miller . Court authorities confirmed the new trial , but declined additional comment . "  I always believed that they were innocent , " said the Highers brothers ' aunt , Janet Hirth . "  The brothers  are relieved . Their spirits are great . They 're not bitter , they just want to move forward . " A bond hearing is scheduled for August 13 . Under Michigan state law , a judge must review inmates ' conduct in prison before releasing them even if their convictions are set aside .	Two Michigan brothers are granted a new trial after 25 years New testimony from a purported witness was uncovered through Facebook , officials say The new testimony led a judge to throw out convictions , according to officials Raymond and Thomas Highers , both 46 , were sentenced to life in prison for a 1987 murder
CNET  -- Microsoft has applied for a patent on metered , pay-as-you-go computing . Under a Microsoft proposal , consumers would receive heavily discounted PCs , then pay fees for usage . U.S. patent application number 20080319910 , published on Christmas Day , details Microsoft 's vision of a situation where a "  standard model " of PC is given away or heavily subsidized by someone in the supply chain . The end user then pays to use the computer , with charges based on both the length of usage time and the performance levels utilized , along with a "  one-time charge . " Microsoft notes in the application that the end user could end up paying more for the computer , compared with the one-off cost entailed in the existing PC business model , but argues the user would benefit by having a PC with an extended "  useful life . " "  A computer with scalable performance level components and selectable software and service options has a user interface that allows individual performance levels to be selected , " reads the patent application 's abstract . The patent application was filed June 21 , 2007 . "  The scalable performance level components may include a processor , memory , graphics controller , etc. . Software and services may include word processing , email , browsing , database access , etc. . To support a pay-per-use business model , each selectable item may have a cost associated with it , allowing a user to pay for the services actually selected and that presumably correspond to the task or tasks being performed , " the abstract continues . Integral to Microsoft 's vision is a security module , embedded in the PC , that would effectively lock the PC to a certain supplier . "  The metering agents and specific elements of the security module ... allow an underwriter in the supply chain to confidently supply a computer at little or no upfront cost to a user or business , aware that their investment is protected and that the scalable performance capabilities generate revenue commensurate with actual performance level settings and usage , " the application reads . ' A more granular approach ' According to the application , the issue with the existing PC business model is that it "  requires more or less a one chance at the consumer kind of mentality , where elasticity curves are based on the pressure to maximize profits on a one-time-sale , one-shot-at-the-consumer mentality . " Microsoft 's proposed model , on the other hand , could "  allow a more granular approach to hardware and software sales , " the application states , adding that the user "  may be able to select a level of performance related to processor , memory , graphics power , etc that is driven not by a lifetime maximum requirement but rather by the need of the moment . " "  When the need is browsing , a low level of performance may be used and , when network-based interactive gaming is the need of the moment , the highest available performance may be made available to the user , " the document reads . "  Because the user only pays for the performance level of the moment , the user may see no reason to not acquire a device with a high degree of functionality , in terms of both hardware and software , and experiment with a usage level that suits different performance requirements . " By way of example , the application posits a situation involving three "  bundles " of applications and performance : office , gaming , and browsing . "  The office bundle may include word-processing and spreadsheet applications , medium graphics performance and two of three processor cores , " the document reads . "  The gaming bundle may include no productivity applications but may include 3D graphics support and three of three processor cores . The browsing bundle may include no productivity applications , medium graphics performance and high-speed network interface . " "  Charging for the various bundles may be by bundle and by duration . For example , the office bundle may be $ 1.00 -LSB- 68 pence -RSB- per hour , the gaming bundle may be $ 1.25 per hour and the browsing bundle may be $ 0.80 per hour . The usage charges may be abstracted to ` units/hour ' to make currency conversions simpler . Alternatively , a bundle may incur a one-time charge that is operable until changed or for a fixed-usage period , " the document reads . Microsoft 's patent application does acknowledge that a per-use model of computing would probably increase the cost of ownership over the PC 's lifetime . The company argues in its application , however , that "  the payments can be deferred and the user can extend the useful life of the computer beyond that of the one-time purchase machine . " The document suggests that "  both users and suppliers benefit from this new business model " because "  the user is able to migrate the performance level of the computer as needs change over time , while the supplier can develop a revenue stream business that may actually have higher value than the one-time purchase model currently practiced . " "  Rather than suffering through less-than-adequate performance for a significant portion of the life of a computer , a user can increase performance level over time , at a slight premium of payments , " the application reads . "  When the performance level finally reaches its maximum and still better performance is required , then the user may upgrade to a new computer , running at a relatively low performance level , probably with little or no change in the cost of use . "  2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Microsoft has applied for a patent on metered , pay-as-you-go computing Under its plan , a standard PC would be given away or heavily subsidized Consumers would then pay regular fees to use the computer Charges would be based on length of usage time and PC performance levels
