LONDON , England  CNN  -- Russian supermodel Natalia Vodianova 's life has been a classic rags-to-riches fairytale , taking her from poverty in provincial Russia to a cosmopolitan life of wealth and aristocracy . Supermodel Natalia Vodianova was discovered in Moscow in a classic rags-to-riches tale . Her intelligence , poise and charm  as well as stunning features and long limbs  , have propelled her from anonymity to being one of the most recognizable and respected models in the fashion industry . Her success has earned her the nickname Supernova . Not content to grace the covers of glossy magazines and the catwalks of the world 's glamorous fashion capitals , Vodianova has also carved a role as a philanthropist . In 2005 she founded the Naked Heart Foundation , a charity that builds playgrounds for children across Russia . "  Giving back just feels so great and I always try to open each play park with myself being present for the children because it makes it more special for them . I go to very remote parts of Russia that are far from Moscow and it gives these children an extra message of love , " she told CNN . Vodianova was born on February 28 1982 in Nizhni Novgorod , the fourth largest city in Russia . She lived in a poor district of the city with her mother and two sisters , one of whom has cerebral palsy . Watch Natalia Vodianova take CNN on a tour of Moscow " The young Vodianova was regularly taken to the opera and the ballet by her grandparents . They offered some respite from the troubles at home and taught her the importance of manners . When Vodianova was 11 she began to help out on the family 's fruit stall , and at the age of 15 she had moved into her own apartment with her best friend . "  It was a lot of survival and a lot of struggling but overall we were a good team , " Vodianova told CNN . "  We worked really hard , all of us , and stood up for each other . My mum was amazing -- she lived for us . I appreciate what she has done for me and the way she raised me " In 1999 a Parisian model scout held an open casting in Nizhni Novgorod . Vodianova impressed him and he sent her to Paris to sign with Viva Models on the condition that she learn English within three months . Luckily for her she took his advice . A year later Vodianova would find herself settled in Paris and sitting at a dinner party in the Pompidou Center restaurant . It was there she met artistic , English aristocratic playboy the Honorable Justin Portman , third son of the late Viscount Edward Henry Berkeley Portman . See Natalia Vodianova 's life in front of the camera . " The Portman family is one of the wealthiest in Britain , owning over 100 acres of prime land in central London and 3000 acres in Herefordshire , as well as expansive properties in Antigua and Australia . The pair fell in love and after a quick civil wedding Vodianova gave birth to their first child , Lucas , in December 2001 , when she was still only 19 . Vodianova lost a huge amount of weight after the birth and just a few weeks later at the castings for Paris Fashion Week she was the clear favorite among the designers . She opened and closed the prestigious Yves Saint Laurent show , as well as 40 other runway bookings and landed a Gucci perfume campaign , shot by iconic fashion photographer Mario Testino . On September 1 2002 Vodianova and Portman were married again , this time in a ceremony at St Vladimir 's Cathedral in St Petersburg , followed by a lavish reception for 110 guests at the Palace of Catherine the Great . Over the next few years two more children followed . Her daughter Neva was born in March 2006 and another son , Viktor , was born in September 2007 . Vodianova still found time to walk the runway for the world 's great fashion houses , including Chanel , Givenchy , Versace , Balenciaga , Prada , Ralph Lauren , Christian Lacroix , Dolce & Gabbana , Gucci and her good friend Diane Von Furstenberg . She "  officially " retired from the catwalk after Valentino 's emotional final show , during the Spring/Summer 2008 season . Afterwards , Vodianova took Valentino for a well-deserved holiday to her much-loved city of Moscow . "  Moscow is the heart of my country so it gathers the best of what I love about my country - and I can find it all here in this place . I love the people , I love what I find here , I love being here and it 's sad that I do n't actually live here . It would be my dream " Vodianova told CNN . Following a brief return to the catwalk for Diane Von Furstenberg and Balenciaga at the end of 2008 the supermodel is now fronting campaigns for Calvin Klein and David Yurman jewelry . At the age of 27 Natalia Vodianova has achieved more than most people could ever dream of . She 's got age on her side , as well as beauty , fame and fortune , and yet she remains admirably grounded . "  The most important things to me are my children , my family and my husband . It 's really about people in general -- I really love people and I try to never say no if someone needs my help . "	Russian supermodel Natalia Vodianova grew up in a poor neighborhood Her charity , the "  Naked Heart Foundation , " builds playgrounds in Russia She is married to English aristocrat Justin Portman and has three children Vodianova now fronts campaigns for Calvin Klein and David Yurman jewelry
The number of American "  patriot " extremist groups has reached a record level , according to a new study , and experts are warning of a wave of anti-government violence . A report released Tuesday by the Southern Poverty Law Center counted 1,360 "  patriot " extremist groups in 2012 -- up by 7 % from 2011 . The study defines patriot groups as anti-government militias driven by their fear that authorities will strip them of their guns and liberties . "  They believe the Constitution is being raped . With hate groups , things are going to get worse because they feel like they 're in battle , " said David Gletty a former FBI informant who spent time undercover with various militia and extremist groups . "  It 's not surprising with their hatred of President  Barack  Obama that there are even more hate groups out there . " The study said California has the most patriot extremist groups , with 81 . The SPLC report also offers a bit of good news : The number of "  immigrant-bashing " extremist groups -- so-called nativism organizations -- is way down from 2011 , falling by 88 % . Related : Oberlin College cancels classes to address racial incidents The new statistics come after a string of crimes linked to extremist groups . A year ago , a Michigan militia leader and his son pleaded guilty to federal gun charges . Last August , a 40-year-old ex-soldier-turned singer for a white supremacist rock band shot up a Sikh temple in Oak Creek , Wisconsin , killing six people , before taking his own life . A few weeks later , a group of Georgia men was linked to an anti-government militia plot to assassinate Obama . Obama 's election as the first African-American president and his pro-gun control stance have fueled the increase in anti-government groups , according to the report . "  We are seeing a huge reaction to the potential for gun control , and that reaction is so angry that it 's hard not to be afraid of what 's coming down the road , " said Mark Potok of the SPLC . Domestic terror : Are we doing enough ? The rise in such groups echoes a period almost 20 years ago , around the time when Congress passed the 1993 Brady Bill and the 1994 ban on assault weapons , the SPLC said . That legislation came near a period of infamous and deadly anti-government violence in Waco , Texas ; Ruby Ridge , Idaho ; and Oklahoma City , "  and led to the first wave of the patriot movement , " the report said . Extremists , Gletty warned , "  are in a battle in their minds . Their backs are against the wall . " Skeptics But Jesse Walker , of the Reason Foundation and author of an upcoming book , "  The United States of Paranoia : A Conspiracy Theory , " said counting groups is n't a good way to measure the threat . "  It 's dubious to assume growth in numbers is related to violence . " Also , the center 's definition of hate groups has changed in the past year , kicking up a controversy . Critics accused the group of unfairly bundling together organizations with vastly different points of view -- and painting them all as potentially violent . For example a North Carolina-based group calling itself "  Granny Warriors " appears on the SPLC list of active "  patriots . " But founder Linda Hunnicutt says her organization is harmless . "  I am deadly ! " she joked . "  I 'm 74 years old . I have COPD . I have congestive heart failure . I 'm sewing a quilt . " Hunnicutt acknowledges she 's no friend of the federal government , but , she wishes no harm on anyone . "  All these people that want to bomb places and kill children , come on , " she said . "  Who would be in sympathy with them ? " Hunnicutt said she and her group just want Uncle Sam to leave them alone . When Granny Warriors showed up on the SPLC list , Hunnicutt said she was n't surprised . But it made her wonder , "  Is this all they have to do ? " Nonetheless , Hunnicutt 's thankful to be on the list because she said it increases her group 's notoriety . Fringe elements Gletty said most of the fringe elements characterized in the report hate the government more than they do specific races . They hate everyone , Gletty said . Now a private investigator , Gletty spent years undercover as an FBI informant watching the internal workings of white supremacist groups . The groups named in the SPLC study came from information compiled from "  field reports , Patriot publications , the Internet , law enforcement sources and news reports . " Other highlights of the report include : -- The state with the most neo-Nazi groups : California , with 9 . -- The state with the most Ku Klux Klan groups : Texas , with 26 . -- The report breaks out a group it calls "  Christian Identity , " which the SLPC defines as "  a religion that is fundamentally racist and anti-Semitic . " Texas has the most , with five . -- Another category in the report , called "  General Hate , " is defined as groups that are anti-gay , Holocaust deniers , racist musicians or radical traditionalist Catholics . California has the most such groups , with 37 . "  The country needs to do better , " Potok wrote in an editorial . The Department of Homeland Security , he said , needs to act to avoid a repeat of the kind of hate-based violence the nation saw in the 1990s .	74-year-old "  patriot " group founder says her Granny Warriors are harmless Southern Poverty Law Center : The number of such groups has risen by 7 % in the past year Ex-FBI informant David Gletty expects anti-government sentiment will worsen
CNN  -- Nearly 800 classified U.S. military documents obtained by WikiLeaks reveal extraordinary details about the alleged terrorist activities of al Qaeda operatives captured and housed at the U.S. Navy 's detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The secret documents have been made available to several news organizations , including the New York Times and the Washington Post -- and some have been published by WikiLeaks , an organization that facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information . CNN was not among the news organizations granted early access to the latest files . The documents shed light on the way detainees behaved while at Guantanamo and on how they were assessed in terms of their danger to the United States . They are intelligence assessments of nearly every one of the 779 individuals who have been held at Guantanamo since 2002 , according to the Post . The American Civil Liberties Union said in a statement that the documents underscore a need for an independent judicial review of the cases of those being held at Guantanamo . "  These documents are remarkable because they show just how questionable the government 's basis has been for detaining hundreds of people , in some cases indefinitely , at Guantanamo , " said Hina Shamsi , director of the ACLU 's National Security Project , in the statement . "  The one-sided assessments are rife with uncorroborated evidence , information obtained through torture , speculation , errors and allegations that have been proven false . "  These documents are the fruit of the original sin by which the rule of law was scrapped when Guantanamo detainees were first rounded up , " Shamsi said . "  if the government had followed the law , it would have established a meaningful and prompt process to separate the innocent from those who are legally detainable . " The classified files described some of the detainees as being compliant while others threatened violence against guards . One stated he would fly planes into houses . They also paint in great detail a portrait of al Qaeda as it grew stronger in Afghanistan in the 1990s , prepared for the September 11 attacks and scattered in their aftermath . Among the files already published by WikiLeaks and examined by CNN is that of Ahmed Khalfan Gailani , recently convicted by a New York court of taking part in the bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania in 1998 . The file , from 2006 when Gailani was transferred to Guantanamo , includes details of his time as a bodyguard and cook to Osama bin Laden shortly before the 9/11 attacks . Gailani is cited as telling interrogators that the al Qaeda leader had a "  normal diet " and usually ate with about 15 bodyguards . The document says Gailani later became one of al Qaeda 's few forgers of travel documents . He also opted for training in using explosives to avoid front-line combat . A document from July 2008 profiles another bodyguard for bin Laden , Sanad Yislam al Kazimi , who stated that he "  would have been willing to die for UBL "  the shorthand used for the al Qaeda leader  . It says al Kazimi may have had knowledge of al Qaeda 's nuclear and chemical programs . Al Kazimi escaped from Afghanistan after the fall of the Taliban in 2001 and returned to Yemen , where he continued to train for terrorist attacks , according to the document . He was arrested in 2002 after being lured to Dubai while planning an attack on Port Rashid in the United Arab Emirates . It adds that while at Guantanamo , al Kazimi made "  numerous threats against U.S. personnel including the President . " Al Kazimi reportedly said "  he would like to tell his friends in Iraq to find the interrogator , slice him up , and make a shwarma  a type of sandwich  out of him , with the interrogator 's head sticking out of the end of the shwarma . " Another Yemeni , Abdu Ali Sharqawi , is described as a "  senior al Qaeda facilitator " with links to the 9/11 plotters . He was allegedly responsible for arranging the travel of Yemeni jihadists to Afghanistan in the 1990s , and when he also moved to Afghanistan , he became a confidant of bin Laden 's . The 11-page document about his activities says that "  on occasion detainee hiked mountain trails with UBL , who hiked them on a daily basis . " Sharqawi told his interrogators that bin Laden had been in good health , even though he had one kidney . The document suggests that al Qaeda had plenty of money in the aftermath of September 11 , asserting that "  detainee received and passed on over $ 500,000 " while helping jihadists to escape Afghanistan . According to the Washington Post , the documents provide detailed insight into Osama bin Laden 's thinking and movements immediately after 9/11 . "  Among other previously unknown meetings , the documents describe a major gathering of some of al Qaeda 's most senior operatives in early December 2001 in Zormat , a mountainous region of Afghanistan between Kabul and Khost , " the newspaper reports . "  There , the operatives began to plan new attacks , a process that would consume them , according to the assessments , until they were finally captured . " The documents show that detainees ' accounts were extensively cross-checked against each other , with at least four detainees confirming that al Kazimi was a bodyguard to bin Laden . Among the more remarkable statements is one from a detainee who claimed that bin Laden had written to Yemen 's president , Ali Abdullah Saleh , before the September 11 attacks , requesting the release of al Kazimi  who 'd been detained in 1995  and another man from jail . A short time later , they were freed and went to Afghanistan . The documents include substantial detail about the travel of the detainees . In one instance , a Spanish jihadist by the name of Ahmad Abd Al Rahman Ahmad , after spending time in Britain and France , is instructed to travel to Afghanistan via Iran . The document notes : "  Travel through Iran is a known modus operandi for al Qaeda operatives to get into Afghanistan via a chain of safe-houses and operatives . " According to the New York Times , the documents show that most of the 172 prisoners still held at Guantanamo have been rated as a "  high risk " of posing a threat to the United States and its allies if released without adequate rehabilitation . But they also show that many others who have been released or transferred to other countries were also designated "  high risk , " the newspaper says . Detainees are assessed "  high , " "  medium " or "  low " in terms of their intelligence value , the threat they pose while in detention and the continued threat they might pose to the United States if released . The newspaper says the documents include details about detainees ' illnesses and behavior at Guantanamo , including "  punching guards , tearing apart shower shoes , shouting across cell blocks . " But the documents appear to shed little light on interrogation tactics at Guantanamo , which have drawn widespread criticism . The New York Times says the documents lay bare "  the patchwork and contradictory evidence that in many cases would never have stood up in criminal court or a military tribunal . " The British newspaper , the Daily Telegraph , also reports that the documents suggest that much of the evidence used to detain jihadist suspects was flimsy . It says that "  people wearing a certain model of Casio watch from the 1980s were seized by American forces in Afghanistan on suspicion of being terrorists , because the watches were used as timers by al Qaeda . " Most were subsequently release for lack of evidence . Others , according to the New York Times , were not so fortunate despite a lack of evidence . One man detained in May 2003 insisted that he was a shepherd and , according to his debriefers at Guantanamo Bay , knew nothing of "  simple military and political concepts . " Yet a military tribunal declared him an "  enemy combatant " anyway , and he was not sent home until 2006 , the Times reports . "  It 's not too late to change course and we need more legal process , not less , to make sure we 're holding the right people , " Shamsi said . "  The cases of the remaining Guantanamo detainees cry out for independent judicial review . " The U.S. Defense Department condemned the release of the documents , known as DABs . Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell and Ambassador Daniel Fried , the Obama administration 's special envoy on detainee issues , said in a statement : "  The Guantanamo Review Task Force , established in January 2009 , considered the DABs during its review of detainee information . In some cases , the Task Force came to the same conclusions as the DABs . In other instances the Review Task Force came to different conclusions , based on updated or other available information . " WikiLeaks gained international prominence after leaking thousands of papers about the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan . Earlier this year it released a huge cache of secret American diplomatic papers .	NEW : The ACLU says the documents point to a need for judicial review of the cases The documents paint a portrait of how al Qaeda prepared for the 9/11 attacks They also provide insights into bin Laden 's thinking after the attacks The detainees accounts were cross-checked against each other , the papers say
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- The UAE recalled its ambassador to Iran on Thursday in protest of a visit by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to a disputed island . Abu Mousa is one of three Persian Gulf islands that are the subject of a longtime border dispute between the two countries . The UAE 's Foreign Ministry said it was summoning Tehran envoy Saif Mohammed Obaid Al Zaabi for consultations . The move comes a day after Foreign Minister Abdullah bin Zayed condemned Ahmadinejad 's visit to Abu Mousa "  in the strongest possible terms , " according to a report by state news agency WAM . The UAE says Iran has illegally occupied Abu Mousa since 1971 . The two other disputed islands are the Greater and Lesser Tunbs . The foreign minister described the visit as a "  flagrant violation " of UAE sovereignty and said it was a setback to efforts to find a peaceful resolution to the issue , WAM reported . Ahmadinejad used his visit to Abu Mousa to comment on the historical basis for the Persian Gulf 's name , according to Iranian state news agency IRNA . Arab states refer to the body of water as the Arabian Gulf . Iran views the islands as part of its territory . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visited the disputed island of Abu Mousa UAE foreign minister described the visit as a "  flagrant violation " of his country 's sovereignty The UAE and Iran are involved in a long-running dispute over three Persian Gulf islands
CNN  -- Andriy Shevchenko 's agent admits it is highly unlikely the AC Milan striker will stay at the San Siro beyond the end of the season . Shevchenko has made just two Serie A appearances in a disappointing season for Milan . Shevchenko returned to Milan on loan from Chelsea last summer but has disappointed since his move back to Italy . The Ukraine striker has found himself mainly on the substitutes ' bench , making just two league appearances this season , and agent Fabio Parisi believes his client will not be in Italy next season . "  Shevchenko is a player on loan at Milan from Chelsea and I think he will return to London , " he told www.Calciomercato.it . "  Frankly , I do n't think it 's possible that the Rossoneri will decide to keep him . I do n't know what kind of rapport he has found with coach  Carlo  Ancelotti and his team-mates , the only problem is that he is a player on loan and , given how the season has gone , I think Andriy will return to Chelsea . "  It does depend on who will be the coach and what he wants to do -- but I do n't think the doors of Italy will re-open for him next season . "  Anyway , Sheva will decide on his own , he 's quite calm , he does n't need anyone 's help . However , another country seems to me the more likely option . " Shevchenko admitted at the end of March that he would probably return to London but , after scoring for Ukraine against England and providing a crucial assist against Lecce , the 32-year-old claimed earlier this month that he hoped to still be at the San Siro next season .	Andriy Shevchenko unlikely to stay at AC Milan next season claims his agent Ukrainian Shevchenko returned to San Siro on loan from Chelsea last summer However he has played only two Serie A matches in a disappointing campaign
CNN  Former One Direction member Zayn Malik spoke for the first time since leaving the group this week -- and said he 's sorry for the pain he 's caused . "  I feel like I 've let the fans down , but I ca n't do this anymore , " he told the UK 's outlet The Sun . "  It 's not that I 've turned my back on them or anything , it 's just that I just ca n't do that anymore , because it 's not the real me . " He said that he had been feeling uncomfortable in recent months and that his departure was best for everyone concerned . "  I did try to do something that I was n't happy doing for a while , for the sake of other people 's happiness , " the 22-year-old said . But now , he added , "  I 've never felt more in control in my life . And I feel like I 'm doing what 's right -- right by myself and right by the boys , so I feel good . " iReport : Fan says ` We need Zayn ' He 's getting along fine with the other members of the band , he observed . According to Us magazine , Malik has started working on a solo project . One Direction , which also included Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , Niall Horan and Liam Payne , will continue as a foursome . The group 's hits include "  Best Song Ever . " The band 's announcement Wednesday that Malik was leaving caused mass disbelief among fans all over the world , with many taking to the Internet to express their sadness and devastation .	Zayn Malik says that being in One Direction was "  not the real me " He told the UK 's Sun that he feels "  like I 'm doing what 's right " The band announced Wednesday that Malik was leaving
Mashable  -- United Airlines announced Tuesday that it is replacing its pilots ' flight decks with iPads . Rather than carry around 38 pounds of operating manuals , charts and logbooks , the 11,000 pilots at United and Continental will use a pre-loaded iPad . United started distributing iPads to pilots earlier this month and plans to have devices to all pilots by the end of the year . United joins a growing list of airlines that have started converting some or all of their pilots to using electronic flight bags . Alaska Airlines announced in May its intentions to switch from paper to the iPad . Last week , Delta and British Airways started testing the use of iPad and other consumer tablets as replacements for traditional paper flight bags . According to United , moving away from paper to the iPad will do more than increase efficiency and improve safety : "  Each iPad , which weighs less than 1.5 pounds , will replace approximately 38 pounds of paper operating manuals , navigation charts , reference handbooks , flight checklists , logbooks and weather information in a pilot 's flight bag . A conventional flight bag full of paper materials contains an average of 12,000 sheets of paper per pilot . The green benefits of moving to EFBs are two-fold it significantly reduces paper use and printing , and , in turn , reduces fuel consumption . The airline projects EFBs will save nearly 16 million sheets of paper a year which is equivalent to more than 1,900 trees not cut down . Saving 326,000 gallons of jet fuel a year reduces greenhouse gas emissions by 3,208 metric tons . " Electronic flight decks will allow pilots to update their materials instead of waiting for printed distribution , and the decrease in weight will also be easier on a pilot 's luggage . Our question is : what happens in the event of a device failure ? We assume that backup systems will be in place so that paper flight kits or replacement iPad devices will be available in the event of a broken pre-flight tablet . See the original article at Mashable.com	United Continental plans to replace its pilots ' flight decks with iPads The company will distribute 11,000 iPads by the end of the year Alaska Airlines previously announced a similar initiative
CNN  -- The 2012 London Olympic Games fostered a generation of hope . I witnessed women participating for the very first time , representing every nation . Congratulations to 800 meter runner Sara Attar and judoka Wokdan Ali Seraj Abdulrahim Shahrkhani . Shahrkhani represented Saudi Arabia in judo and was among a number of other pioneer women who were part of the very first Olympics in which every country sending a team to London included at least one female athlete . Read more : Arab sportswomen finally in the picture Their participation and that of athletes from Libya , Iraq , Jordan , Oman , Yemen , Qatar and other nations exemplifies how far we 've come , on a global level . The celebration of 40 years of title IX -- legislation that guaranteed equal opportunities in women 's college athletics -- what a year to celebrate ! The performances of USA women 's basketball  five consecutive gold medals  , USA women 's soccer  bouncing back from the World Cup loss to capture the gold against Japan  , Kerri Walsh-Jennings and Misty May-Treanor , after motherhood showed they are still the "  Queens of the Beach " with an historic three-peat , and let 's not forget double-gold for the Williams family in tennis and the stunning performance of Tianna Madison , Allyson Felix , Bianca Knight and Carmelita Jeter breaking a 27-year-old world record in the 4x100m relay , and Jamaican Frazier-Price winning back-to-back gold in the women 's 100 meters and Ethiopian Tiunesh Dibaba making history in the women 's 10,000 meters . Sanya Richards-Ross  400m  , Felix  200m  , Australia 's Sally Pearson 100m hurdles , Brittany Reese  long jump  and Jenn Suhr  pole vault  , as well as teenagers like Missy Franklin  swimming  , Gabby Douglas  gymnastics  , Claressa Shields  boxing  , all claimed their very first individual gold medals . Jessica Ennis of Great Britain , the face of the games , lived up to the pressure and became an Olympic champion by winning the most demanding event  in my opinion  for a female athlete ; the hepthalon . Opinion : Why we need Gabby Dawn Harper , Jeter , Dee Dee Trotter , Brigetta Barrett , LaShinda Demus , Veronica Campbell , Lia Neal  second African American in swimming to bring home a medal  and the U.S. indoor volleyball team also all came away with medals . To each of those remarkable athletes , and all of the women  and men  from around the world who came to London and put forth their very best efforts I extend a heartfelt congratulations . It was an honor for me to watch you , providing a wonderful trip down memory lane . As exciting as these games were for women , it saddened me to know that women 's softball was n't a part of these Olympic Games and we still must not forget our female athletes come from grass roots programs and lack of funding is always an issue . We live in a world where sports have the potential to bridge the gap between racism , sexism and discrimination . The 2012 Olympic Games was a great start but hopefully what these games taught us is that if women are given an opportunity on an equal playing field the possibilities for women are endless . Read more : Was London 2012 the women 's Olympics ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jackie Joyner-Kersee .	Jackie Joyner-Kersee : The Games fostered a generation of hope Participation of female athletes from around the world showed how far we 've come , she says But she says it was saddening that women 's softball were n't a part of these Olympics games Joyner-Kersee : We must not forget that lack of funding can be an issue for female athletes
CNN  -- President Barack Obama will convene a summit Monday at the White House of the heads of every key African nation -- except three : Ebola-plagued Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone . And as of now , the African Ebola epidemic , the largest on record , is not officially on the summit agenda . As their epidemics spin out of control in a contagion more than three times larger than any prior Ebola outbreak , Presidents Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf of Liberia , Alpha CondÃ © of Guinea and Ernest Bai Koroma of Sierra Leone are staying home . They are taking drastic measures in hopes of slowing the spread of the deadly hemorrhagic disease : Banning public gatherings , closing schools , deploying their armies to stop attacks on health workers and maintain quarantines . It is tragic that Sirleaf , CondÃ © and Koroma will not be able to plead their nations ' cases at the White House summit because their countries desperately need help . There is great danger that the fear of the virus spreading globally will stigmatize Liberians , Sierra Leonians and Guineans , and that their West African neighbors -- especially Nigeria -- will try to ward off Ebola by isolating the countries in ways that will hurt their fragile economies , further imperiling the health of their people . It is time to take a cold , clear look at the implications of this out-of-control epidemic and think carefully about what steps the international community should take next . The outbreak began in Guinea in March and has spread slowly , inexorably in the three desperately poor countries for months . It reached dangerous epidemic scale in June , but only as July draws to its end has it registered with urgency with international media and political leaders . Why now ? Because two Americans volunteers are fighting for their lives in the region , and a third American succumbed to Ebola in Lagos , Nigeria , having acquired his infection in Liberia . The specter of Ebola spreading via air travel to Nigeria , the most populous African nation , prompted the UK government to issue a national medical alert this week . The fear also threatens the creation of a vast cordon sanitaire -- or barrier -- around the three afflicted countries . Short-term focus on Ebola control can not be disconnected from a longer term commitment to economic and technical support of these nations ' health care systems , roads , schools and general development . These countries face Ebola today , but they also contend with Lassa fever virus , which also causes hemorrhagic disease . There also are mosquitoes carrying yellow fever and malaria , and a long list of microbial dangers are always lurking in their rainforests . To show how ill-equipped these nations are to battle disease , per capita spending on health care , combining personal and governmental , amounts to only $ 171 a year in Sierra Leone , $ 88 a year in Liberia and $ 67 a year in Guinea , according to the Kaiser Foundation . There is also a dire shortage of health care workers . Before the Ebola epidemic claimed the lives of several of the nations ' leading physicians and nurses , Liberia had 0.014 physicians per 1,000 people ; Sierra Leone 's doctor-to-patient ratio was 0.022 and Guinea 's was 0.1 . To put that in perspective , rich countries have a thousand times more physicians per capita . In the United States , there are 2.5 doctors per 1,000 people . When this Ebola epidemic eventually ends , the health budgets of these nations will have been bankrupted , and many of their most skilled and courageous physicians , nurses , Red Cross volunteers and hospital workers will have perished . Nigeria is the tipping point . Were Ebola to take hold in that country , spreading from person-to-person in a densely populated , chaotic city such as Lagos , the worldwide response would swiftly spin into uncharted political and global health territory . Consider the following : Nigerian physicians are on strike nationwide ; hundreds of girls have been kidnapped from their schools and villages over the past six months by Boko Haram Islamist militants -- and none has been successfully freed from their captors by the Abuja government . Nigeria is in the midst of national election campaigning . President Goodluck Jonathan 's government is , at best , weak . The nation is torn apart by religious tension , pitting the Muslim north against the Christian south . Islamists in the north have long distrusted Western medicine . They have opposed polio vaccination and have kidnapped and assaulted central government health providers . Nigeria , the most populous nation in Africa , has just surpassed South Africa as its richest . It has a large , elite class that is highly mobile . Its international airports buzz with activity as hundreds of thousands of Nigerians travel all over Africa , take college studies in Europe and North America , visit second homes in London , New York , Toronto and other cities , and conduct business on the international stage . Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia are three of the poorest , most remote nations on Earth while Nigeria is Africa 's muscle , hustle and oil . One way or another , Obama must take advantage of Monday 's Africa summit to press the case for calm and appropriate responses . These would include specific post-Ebola financial commitments to Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . The possibility that the epidemic might take hold in Nigeria must be confronted , and plans of action must be considered . The world can not afford to make decisions in the heat of panic about such things as international airport closures , withdrawal of foreign oil workers , negotiations for outbreak responses with northern imams , hospital and clinic infection control training across thousands of Nigerian health facilities , deployment of international assistance teams for rapid diagnostics and lab assistance and countless other contingencies . Roughly 70 % of diagnosed Ebola patients in this epidemic have perished . The potential for global panic is genuine . If responsible leaders worldwide hope to stave off hysterical reactions to the virus and bring this epidemic to a halt , serious contingencies and agreements must be reached immediately . Please , President Obama , do not squander the opportunity to place such contingency planning on your Monday summit agenda . As NPR talk show host Diane Rehm asked me on her show , "  Ca n't the White House put Presidents Sirleaf and Koroma on Skype , to plead their case to the summit ? " That would be a start .	President Obama 's Africa summit does not have Ebola epidemic on agenda Record-breaking epidemic hits poverty-stricken Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone Laurie Garrett : We need to make long-term commitment to Ebola-struck nations Garrett : Summit urgently needs to address this and plan for the worst if it hits populous Nigeria
New York  CNN  -- You have heard of the seven-year itch in marriage . Now , the itch caused by bedbugs is causing relationships to come under even more pressure . New Yorkers say they have increasingly heard tales of couples breaking up because of the little creatures that have infested New York homes , stores and movie theaters . One man , interviewed randomly on the street , said he knew someone who broke up because of the bugs who like to hide in mattresses . He said that 's "  because they were scared to death about bugs . She would n't date him because he had bedbugs , and she freaked out . " The fear of bedbugs is also heightening intimacy tensions . Stacie Handwerker , a real estate attorney , said , "  I was dating a guy , and he asked me do you have any bedbugs in -LSB- your -RSB- apartment ? Because if you do , you wo n't be seeing me ! " The exterminators are on the front lines of the bedbug battles , and they have seen the casualties : romance . Timothy Wong , the technical director of M&M Environmental exterminators in lower Manhattan , said he has seen couples break up because of bedbugs . "  The girlfriend had them at home , and the boyfriend did n't stick by her , so it actually destroyed that relationship , " he said . "  I got rid of the bedbugs , but I was n't able to salvage the relationship , but I 'm sure there were other problems before that , " said Wong . The phones were ringing nonstop in his offices . Wong says the callers are usually the ones not getting bitten . Some of the callers blame their loved one , claiming they do n't have any bites . Relationship and life coach Donna Barnes said bedbugs are a creepy aspect to dating right now . She advises not telling people on the first date you have bedbugs . She says that when the relationship is escalating , it 's a good idea to inform the other person if you are bringing him or her into areas of potential exposure , Barnes said . She recalled a client who admitted having bedbugs . "  She was horrified , embarrassed and did n't want to tell anybody . " Barnes cautions "  if that 's the case , you 're better off to not date for a little while and clean out the problem first and then go out . " Handwerker , who was interviewed while out with friends at a bar , said "  what an age we live in where people now are vetting you out to see if you have bedbugs first . He did n't even ask me if I had any diseases . He does n't want to be eaten by bedbugs . " Based on interviews , it appears women have more resistance to meeting a man who might have bedbugs . One woman said "  men and women are different . A woman would care if a guy had bedbugs but if a man met a hot girl , he probably would n't care if she had bedbugs . " A man at the bar confirmed this , admitting "  come back to my place " would be his response to an attractive woman with bedbugs . There are no official figures regarding the effects of bedbugs on relationships in New York . Many New Yorkers questioned reported no contact with bedbugs or any relationship strains because of the fear . One woman said , "  I think there 's enough excuses not to date someone in New York . ... Bedbugs does n't need to be added to it . "	Bedbug infestation has added new wrinkle to New York City 's dating scene Exterminator says he 's seen relationships killed when one partner gets bedbugs Life coach on one of her clients : "  She was horrified , embarrassed "
CNN  -- On Monday night , Avigdor Liberman was sworn in as Israel 's foreign minister after an absence of almost a year , amid a crescendo of opposition protests in the Knesset . A comfortable majority vote -- 62 members voting for , 17 against and one abstention -- paved his way back into office . But his hard-line attitude on Israeli-Palestinian peace talks may put him in the diplomatic deep end with those trying to advance the process . Labor Party leader Shelly Yachimovich said reappointing Liberman was a mistake . "  In light of the attempts to reignite the negotiations with the Palestinians and delicate relations with the U.S. and especially the complex diplomacy involved in the Iranian situation , a foreign minister like Liberman will deepen the rifts and pour fuel on fires rather than putting them out , " she said . "  This is not good for Israel . " Liberman views Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas as an obstacle to peace . His Yisrael Beiteinu party is also supportive of West Bank Jewish settlements , whose presence is reviled by Palestinians and many Israelis , who consider them obstacles to a peace agreement . Read more : Israel warns against unilateral Palestinian move Liberman 's view seems to contradict the position of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has entered into a negotiating process with the Palestinian Authority . Liberman was acquitted last week on charges of breach of trust and fraud . Netanyahu had held the Foreign Ministry position for almost a year after Liberman resigned to face the charges , and welcomed him back into the government . The trial centered on claims Liberman had pushed to get the Israeli ambassador to Belarus transferred after the diplomat allegedly handed over confidential information that included details of a secret police inquiry regarding Liberman . Liberman denied violating any laws . Liberman has faced international criticism for his hard-line stance on Israel 's Arab minorities . His ultranationalist party is especially popular with immigrants from the former Soviet Union , where he was born and raised .	Avigdor Liberman was sworn in as Israel 's foreign minister again on Monday On November 6 , a court acquitted him of breach of trust and fraud charges Liberman had resigned as foreign minister in December 2012 to face the charges Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu held the position open for Liberman 's return
New York  CNN  -- Everyone remembers the iconic image of Brandi Chastain on her knees after the U.S. women 's soccer team won the 1999 World Cup Championship . Hope Solo was only 17 then , inspired by the American women on the field . Now , Solo , the goalie of the 2011 team , is poised with her teammates to repeat the drama of all those years ago . After winning several games in dramatic fashion , the U.S. women face Japan Sunday for the championship in Frankfurt , Germany . The 1999 team set the bar high , Solo told CNN Friday . But she wanted to set the record straight : her team wants its own bragging rights . "  Twelve years later , this team wants to write their own storybook ending , " Solo said . "  We want to end with our legacy and we are a very different team from the '99 team . So , you know , we do hope that looking forward , people remember the 2011 U.S. women 's soccer team . " Sunday 's game will determine what kind of lasting memories Solo 's team will be able to etch , but it was hard not to know Solo 's name Friday . She became somewhat of an instant celebrity , especially on Twitter , where a trending topic was "  marrymehope . " She dodged the question about the topic on CNN 's "  American Morning , " instead focusing on the team spirit that catapulted America to the finals . Others may find it surprising that the United States emerged as the new darling of 2011 soccer , she said , but not the team . "  We came into this tournament with one goal , " Solo said . "  It was n't to beat Brazil in the quarterfinal . It was n't to make it to the final . Our only goal of this tournament was to win the whole thing . I think when you get this close , you would have a lot of regrets if you walked away and you did n't win it all . " Japan may have world 's collective sympathy after the devastating earthquake and tsunami , but America is not going down to the sentimentality , Solo said . "  This team is truly a team , and , as cliche as that is in sports these days , this team will fight until the bitter end to find a way to win , " she said . "  It 's not always pretty but everybody on the field is trying to find a way to win , " she said . "  I think it 's the American way . It 's the American spirit . I think America is so behind us because you can feel that spirit and you can feel the fight in our team . And people kind of grab on to that . " If they win Sunday , the U.S. women would become the first team to win the Women 's World Cup three times , after taking titles in 1991 and 1999 . Just as she was inspired by the 1999 team , Solo hopes to awaken the thrill of soccer among the next generation of American women . "  You ca n't not think about it when you see the kids come to our games , when you see all of the inspirational signs that are at the training fields , at the playing fields , " Solo said . "  I do my best to be a good role model and I do my best to inspire people , especially the youth of America . " She wants to give back , she said , because the fans instill confidence , give her joy . And that 's what will make her thrive come the all-important game Sunday .	Hope Solo was only 17 when the U.S. women won the 1999 World Cup She says she was inspired by her predecessors But the 2011 team wants to leave its own legacy In turn , she wants to be a good role model to younger Americans
CNN  -- Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice , a possible nominee to be the next secretary of state , came to Capitol Hill Tuesday to perform a private mea culpa to key Republican senators for her erroneous initial public statements about the perpetrators of the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi in September in which four Americans were killed . It did n't work . After Tuesday 's meeting with Rice , Sen. John McCain said , "  It is clear that the information that she gave the American people was incorrect when she said that it was a spontaneous demonstration triggered by a hateful video . " Sen. Lindsey Graham who also met with Rice observed , "  Bottom line : I 'm more disturbed now than I was before . " What is the Republican theory of the case against Rice ? It appears to boil down to the idea that leading Democrats covered up the involvement of terrorists in some way connected to al Qaeda in the Benghazi attack during the run-up to the close presidential election because President Obama and others in his administration had for some time said that al Qaeda was close to strategic defeat . News : Rice fails to subdue Republicans ' criticism over Libya attack Does this case make sense ? First , you would have to accept that Obama , Rice and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton all knowingly deceived the American public about what had happened at the Benghazi consulate . When this notion was raised in October during the second presidential debate , Obama scolded Republican challenger Mitt Romney saying , "  the suggestion that anybody in my team , whether the secretary of state , our U.N. ambassador -- anybody on my team -- would play politics or mislead when we 've lost four of our own , Governor , is offensive . " According to a CNN poll released Tuesday most Americans agree with the president and do not believe that anyone in his administration intentionally tried to mislead them about what happened in Benghazi . Second , it was the intelligence community , not officials at the White House or State Department , that eliminated from the talking points used by Rice after the Benghazi attack the suspected involvement of the Libyan jihadist group , Ansar al-Sharia . According to accounts of former CIA director David Petraeus ' closed door testimony about Benghazi to congressional intelligence committees earlier this month , the intelligence community eliminated references to Ansar al-Sharia in the talking points so as not to tip off members of the terrorist group that the CIA believed that they were responsible for the attack . Ayotte : Rice ` certainly ' misled on Benghazi , but unsure of motive The conspiracy therefore was not to mislead the American public but to mislead America 's enemies . If Rice had gone beyond her unclassified talking points and said that Ansar al-Sharia was suspected to be behind the Benghazi attacks , no doubt she would now be being hounded for the unauthorized disclosure of classified information . Third , it is worth recalling that whenever there is a news event in a chaotic country on the other side of the world , first accounts about the event are often wrong . Remember the erroneous reports about another big news event last year ; the death of Osama bin Laden . Initially , it was portrayed by the Obama administration that bin Laden had died during a firefight with U.S. forces in Pakistan and had used his wife as a human shield . As more accurate information subsequently came in from the field , administration officials clarified that bin Laden put up no resistance and had not used his wife as a shield . This is not conspiracy ; this is the fog of war . It is also worth recalling that the situation in Benghazi was so chaotic and dangerous that it took three weeks for the FBI to get in to the city to investigate what had happened at the consulate . And it took even more time for the facts to emerge that the Benghazi mission was n't really a consulate in any conventional sense , but was more of a CIA listening station and that two of the four Americans who had died in the attack were n't diplomats as initially portrayed but were , in fact , CIA contractors . Opinion : Why attacks on Rice are misguided The fact that Republicans have pressed to learn more about the security arrangements at the consulate and security in Benghazi overall as well as the details of what happened the night of the attack has ended up bringing to light much useful information . But none of that information has changed the basic fact that a tragedy occurred at Benghazi , not a cover up . Rubio : Why we need answers on Benghazi Stepping back from the whole debate about how Rice came to make inaccurate public statements about Benghazi , there is another premise of the Republican attacks upon her that deserves considerable skepticism . We are supposed to believe that because Ansar al-Sharia -- a group inspired by al Qaeda 's ideas , but having no links to the terrorist group that attacked the United States on 9/11 -- was able to pull off a deadly attack in a Middle Eastern country ravaged by a recent war against a lightly defended U.S. mission , killing four , that al Qaeda is suddenly an important threat again to the United States . If you buy that , I have a bridge in Benghazi I 'd like to sell you .	Peter Bergen : Susan Rice 's trip to Capitol Hill was n't a success , senators said He says the GOP continues to bash Rice for her mistaken explanation for Benghazi attack Bergen says the argument that Obama administration deliberately lied does n't hold up The intelligence community decided not to initially reveal truth about attack , he says
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Two bombings overnight near major shrines in the holy Shiite city of Karbala left at least three people dead and 15 others wounded , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said Thursday . One of the blasts to hit Karbala came close to the Imam Abbas mosque , pictured here in August . There were no claims of responsibility so far for incidents at the Imam Hussein and Imam Abbas mosques -- two of the holiest shrines for Shiite Muslims -- who regularly make pilgrimages to the sites in the south-central Iraqi city . The first bomb , which had been placed in a trash bag , detonated shortly after 11 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  Wednesday about 800 meters  875 yards  from the Imam Hussein shrine and 200 meters  218 yards  from an Iraqi security forces checkpoint , the official said . One woman was killed and 12 others , including women and children , were wounded . About an hour later , an explosive device placed in a car detonated about 500 meters  547 yards  from the Imam Abbas shrine , the official said . The attack killed one civilian and wounded three , and damaged a number of the houses in the area . The two shrines are about several hundred meters from each other . Hussein , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed , is revered by Shiites , while Abbas is Hussein 's half-brother . Their tombs are located in the shrines . Fierce fighting occurred near the shrines in Karbala in August 2007 between Shiite rivals -- members of Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr 's Mehdi Army Mehdi Army and security officers affiliated with the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq . The battles spread to other Shiite communities in Iraq , and eventually died down and led to al-Sadr 's call for a cessation of activities by the militia . U.S. and Iraqi authorities said that cease-fire was a factor in decreasing the violence that had been raging in Iraq . Bomb attacks near other religious shrines in Iraq have happened several times in the past . The bombing of the Askariya Mosque , a Shiite shrine in the northern Iraqi city of Samarra in February 2006 , sparked sectarian violence that led to thousands of deaths and caused people to flee their homes for other parts of Iraq and other countries . In Baghdad 's Sadr City , a Shiite neighborhood , a roadside bomb killed three Housing Ministry employees and wounded three others Thursday morning . The people were in a minibus at the time , the Interior Ministry said .	Two bombs near shrines in holy city of Karbala leave at last three people dead In Baghdad 's Sadr City , roadside bomb killed three people Thursday morning . Bomb attacks near other religious shrines in Iraq have happened several times Fierce fighting occurred near the shrines in August 2007 between Shiite rivals
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Gertrude Baines , the world 's oldest person , has died in Los Angeles , California , at the age of 115 , according to the home where she lived and Guinness World Records said Saturday . Gertrude Baines said she attributed her longevity to not drinking or smoking . Gertrude Baines passed away at the Western Convalescent Hospital at 7:25 a.m.  10:25 a.m. ET  Friday , Guinness World Records said . Born in 1894 , Baines became the world 's oldest person in January after the death of another 115-year-old , Maria de Jesus , from Portugal , Guinness World Records said . At her 115th birthday party in April , Baines shook her head in disbelief when presented with the certificate saying she was now in the Guinness Book of World Records as the world 's oldest person . "  She told me that she owes her longevity to the Lord , that she never did drink , never did smoke , and she never did fool around , " her doctor , Dr. Charles Witt , said in April . Baines , whose grandparents were slaves , worked as a maid in Ohio State University dormitories until her retirement , and lived at the Los Angeles convalescent home for more than 10 years . Last November , she became the oldest African-American to vote for President Obama and received a letter from him on her 115th birthday , Guinness World Records said . Witt said Baines planned to vote for Obama again in 2012 . Asked why she voted for Obama , Baines said it was because "  he 's for the colored people , " according to footage from The Los Angeles Times . She said she never thought a black man could become president . "  Everybody 's glad for a colored man to be in there sometime , " Baines said . "  We all are the same on the skin . It 's dark , and theirs is white . " Baines had few complaints , her doctor said . She fussed about the bacon not being crisp enough and the arthritis in her knees , Witt said . The smooth skin on Baines ' face belied her 115 years , but she did n't attribute that to any anti-wrinkle cream or miracle product , according to her best friend , Lucille Fayall . She said Baines simply washed her face in cold water .	Gertrude Baines dies at age 115 , was world 's oldest person Baines credited longevity to God , not drinking or smoking Baines was oldest African-American to vote for President Obama
CNN  -- If you want to bring a piece of Camelot home to your castle , Presidents Day weekend will bring a rare opportunity . You could win a piece of presidential history -- actually , hundreds of them . Amesbury , Massachusetts-based John McInnis Auctioneers says it is auctioning off 723 lots of documents , photographs , letters and gifts from the estate of David Powers , longtime friend and special assistant to President John F. Kennedy . The auction will be held at 11 a.m. on Sunday , February 17 . Potential buyers can view the items online now or by visiting the auction house from 1 p.m. to 7 p.m. daily from Saturday , February 9 , through Saturday , February 16 , and starting at 8 a.m. on the auction day . Powers ' family members discovered the memorabilia locked away last year as they prepared to sell the family home , the auctioneer 's website says . McInnis appraiser Dan Meader told CNN that the family engaged McInnis last May . Powers traveled with JFK from 1946 to 1963 and was the curator of the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum until he retired in 1994 . He died in 1998 at the age of 85 . "  The auction is in chronological order , from the earliest to the latest stuff , to follow the lives of Dave Powers in relation to the Kennedy family , " Meader said . Lower-numbered lots include candid snapshots of the strapping young Kennedy and his siblings enjoying themselves in Hyannis Port , Massachusetts , and Palm Beach , Florida . The mid-numbered lots focus on one-of-a-kind photographs from the 1960 campaign and JFK 's ensuing presidency , some signed by first lady Jacqueline Kennedy . The president 's personal Air Force One bomber jacket , given to Powers in 1962 or 1963 , gets its own catalog page , as does a May 29 , 1963 , birthday card signed by JFK 's young son , John Jr. . Another item is a marked-up itinerary for the fateful trip JFK took to Dallas 50 years ago this November . While McInnis previously has auctioned off individual lots related to Kennedy , the house has never hosted an auction "  of this scope or magnitude or personal connection , " Meader says . "  This is a truly unique opportunity . Dave Powers is not a member of the family , but he really was ... he was as close as he could be . " "  Growing up in Massachusetts , every family had a picture of JFK on the wall . These are not like that . These are things that belong to the president 's close , close , close friend , " Meader says , noting the inscriptions are sometimes "  heartbreaking " and tell a story . Items span several generations of Kennedys , from patriarch Joseph , to brothers Robert and Edward , to niece Maria Shriver and her estranged husband , Arnold Schwarzenegger . Aficionados can get some of the limited live auction seating by purchasing the print 124-page catalog for $ 50 . Meader says a portion of that charge will be donated to the Kennedy Library , though he is n't sure how much . The catalog has been scanned onto McInnis ' website , where potential buyers can see the artifacts in their full-color glory before deciding on bidding online . Meader expects bidders around the world to compete in real time via phone or computer , along with the people in the room . Online winners will have to pay a slightly higher commission on winning bids . CNN 's Alina Cho and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report	Kennedy-related items will be up for auction February 17 Memorabilia comes from collection of friend and aide David Powers Powers ' family enlisted the Massachusetts-based auction house John McInnis People who ca n't make it in person can bid online in real time
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The economic might of India may bring to mind technological savvy and overseas call centers . But to understand the Indian economy , a visit to a roadside dentist like Raj Kishore is more illuminating . The Indian economy is fueled by independent workers such as Radha Kumar . "  I can extract , I can fill up , I can scale , I can make dentures , I can make bridge metal or non-metal . " Kishore said as he fitted dentures for a customer . One thing he ca n't do is show a license to practice -- like many roadside dentists sitting on sidewalks awaiting customers . While information technology and outsourcing has earned India the nickname as "  the world 's back office , " the sector employs a fraction of India 's population -- only 2 million of India 's more than 500 million workers , according to NASSCOM , an IT and business process outsourcing trade organization . So where do the majority of people work in India ? The International Labor Organization and economists say as many as 95 percent of the workforce makes a living in what is known as the informal or unorganized sector . "  Roughly today about 50 percent of the production is from the unorganized sector , " says New Delhi-based economics professor Arun Kumar , referring to jobs and services that exist without a storefront , union to represent the workers , or corporate structure . Although things are changing and the economy has boomed in recent years , Indians are still emerging from poverty . Finding employment can be tough so people have literally created jobs out of sheer necessity , such as roadside dentist Kishore . Kishore says he learned his trade from a dentist and a dental course but he does not have a degree in dentistry . He and those around him provide a service to customers who could n't dream of affording a licensed dentist in an office . That is just one of thousands of jobs that make up India 's informal economy . Radha Kumari is a Mehandi artist . She uses henna to make intricate traditional designs on women 's hands and feet . It 's an old art that is steeped in tradition and is typically worn by brides the day before the wedding ceremony but is also popular during other Indian holidays and with tourists . She learned the trade from her sister at age 10 and started working as a teenager . "  I started doing this work because I was needy . I have no parents ; my sister has done everything for me so it was very important for me to work , " said Kumari , a mother of two , while she swirled henna on the hand of a customer . She makes 25 to 50 rupees  50 cents to $ 1  per hand , she said . She and other henna artists are often "  troubled " by city authorities or police who come to kick them off of the sidewalks or ask for bribes -- technically Kumari and others are breaking the law by setting up shop on government property . City government authorities showed up while CNN was interviewing Kumari , causing the henna artists around her to pack up and run away . It 's a tough life . "  If there can be anything better , I would definitely love to do it , " she said . "  Here there is no certainty . Today I 'm allowed to sit here , tomorrow I may not be . " But Kumari says it 's better than nothing at all . Experts say the informal economy helped keep India out of recession , since it is not tied to the global markets . While the ingenuity and entrepreneurial spirit has help the Indian economy growing , the largely unregulated workforce promises to have negative impacts on the Indian economy as well , as transactions are often in cash and difficult to trace and tax . But the working conditions and low pay leave millions living in poverty . "  Their conditions are very poor because they have no protective gear of any kind , they have no real social security of any kind , " said Arun Kumar , an economics professor at Jawaharlal Nehru University . "  They face a lot of hardship of all kinds in terms of their existence , where they stay , what do they do , their health conditions , et cetera . "	About 95 percent of the Indian workers work in the unorganized sector They work without a storefront , union representation or corporate structure Often roadside services such as unlicensed denistry are practiced
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The real crisis confronting the eurozone is regaining market confidence , not the euro , German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said Friday . "  Some people wonder if we 're overcoming the euro crisis the right way , " said Westerwelle , speaking at the Asia Society in Hong Kong . "  We do not have a euro crisis , we have a debt crisis which has morphed into a crisis of confidence . The euro is stable and is the number two reserve currency in the world . " To bolster market confidence in the eurozone , Westerwelle -- who is part of the cabinet-level entourage traveling with German Chancellor Angela Merkel for her two-day summit in China -- said it was essential that Greece and other debt-laden economies in Europe maintain paths toward reform . Athens and Berlin in spat over funds Greek cuts to be deeper than trailed Last week , Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin to ask for more "  breathing space " for Greece to implement austerity reforms . The troika -- consisting of the European Union , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund -- is due to report on Greece 's progress next month . "  I do n't want to be part of this Greece bashing , because it 's a real challenge for them . I feel for the people on the streets of Greece , because the people were n't responsible for what their leaders missed in the past decade . "  We feel solidarity but we have to insist they fulfill what they promised , " Westerwelle continued . "  We ca n't allow them to weaken the reform agenda . It would have a very negative effect in trying to restore confidence to Greece and the European Union . " He also questioned how the Spanish government could be persuaded to stay on path if any agreement with Greece was weakened . Catalonia heightens Spanish debt fears Westerwelle pointed to Germany 's own debt woes in the wake of West Germany 's reunification with East Germany during the 1990s . "  It was only 10 years ago that Germany was the sick man of Europe . Reforms may be painful , but they will pay off and that 's what we Germans have experienced first hand , " he said . Even as he advocates strict adherence to austerity measures , Westerwelle has been a strong voice against politicians who suggest Greece should soon exit the eurozone . "  The bullying against individual euro countries to achieve political gains must stop , " Westerwelle said after Alexander Dobrindt , the executive secretary of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria , suggested a Greek departure was imminent , the German daily Rheinische Post reported on Monday . Earlier this month , Westerwelle warned on the "  dangerous tone " arguments on European Union were taking . "  We must take care not to talk Europe down , " he said in a statement , released after Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti told a German paper that eurozone tensions "  bear the traits of a psychological dissolution of Europe . " As developing economies like China and India create more regional centers of financial power , a strong EU is "  life insurance " for Germany 's future , especially as the eurozone represents only about 9 % of the world population , Westerwelle continued . "  Europe and European unity is not only our destiny , but our desire , " he said . "  There can be no good future for Germany without a good future for a united Europe , " Westerwelle said . Read more : Merkel faces EU clash over China	Westerwelle : the euro is stable , but the ` real crisis is regaining market confidence ' German foreign minister in Hong Kong as part of Germany 's two-day summit in China Westerwelle said it was essential that Greece and others to maintain paths toward reform "  There can be no good future for Germany without a good future for a united Europe "
CNN  -- Mind your language or face arrest . That is the warning from London police to fans thinking of using the word "  yid " at Sunday 's potentially explosive Premier League derby game between Tottenham and West Ham . England 's Football Association recently said the word -- deemed anti-Semitic but chanted by some Spurs fans as a term of endearment -- had "  no place in our game . " Tottenham , based in North London , has a large contingent of Jewish fans , with some even calling themselves the "  Yid Army . " "  Some words -- like the ` Y ' word -- which historically have been perceived by some as acceptable , cause harassment , alarm or distress to others , and people who use this language could be committing a criminal offense , " the Metropolitan Police said in a statement on its website . Chief Superintendent Mick Johnson , Sunday 's match commander , added that the decision was n't taken lightly . "  This topic has been debated at length but our position is clear , racism and offensive language have no place in football or indeed in society , " Johnson said . "  Those supporters who engage in such behavior should be under no illusion that they may be committing an offense and may be liable to a warning or be arrested . "  The Met has a long history of working with football clubs and the football authorities , including the FA , to educate , encourage and empower supporters to stamp out racism in football and to ensure that there is no misunderstanding about what constitutes racist language or behavior . " The authorities will be hoping the game does n't mirror last season 's fixture at White Hart Lane , when a section of away fans chanted , ` Adolf Hitler is coming for you . ' A West Ham season-ticket holder was later banned for life for performing a Nazi style salute . It prompted then Hammers midfielder Yossi Benayoun , an Israeli international , to call the behavior "  embarrassing . " Tottenham sits third in the Premier League , two points behind leader and North London rival Arsenal , while goal-shy West Ham is a point above the relegation zone .	Fans using the word "  yid " at Sunday 's game between Spurs and West Ham face arrest Some fans brand themselves the "  Yid Army , " though the term can be offensive The Football Association had warned fans they face prosecution for uttering "  yid " A West Ham supporter was banned last season for his Nazi salute at the same fixture
CNN  -- Hawaii 's Governor Neil Abercrombie said the tsunami has caused tens of millions of dollars in damage and he plans to visit some of the damaged areas Tuesday . The tsunami that devastated Japan brought powerful waves to the Hawaii islands last week . Abercrombie has signed a "  state of disaster proclamation " because of the damage . The proclamation will allow the state to get federal funds .	Hawaii 's governor says he will tour damaged areas Governor is seeking federal funds to help rebuild
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The U.S. State Department 's renewal of Blackwater 's contract to provide security in Iraq "  is bad news , " an adviser to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said . A woman passes a burned car in Baghdad where Blackwater guards killed 17 in September . Blackwater guards shot and killed 17 people , including women and children , last September , prompting an outcry and protest from Iraqi officials . "  This is bad news , " al-Maliki adviser Sami al-Askari said . "  I personally am not happy with this , especially because they have committed acts of aggression , killed Iraqis , and this has not been resolved yet positively for families of victims . " About 25,000 private contractors from three companies protect diplomats , reconstruction workers and government officials in Iraq . Under a provision put into place in the early days of the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq , security contractors have immunity from Iraqi prosecution . Watch Iraqis express anger over the announcement " Al-Askari said he would push for the Iraqi government to contest the contract renewal . "  The U.S. government has the right to choose what contractors it chooses , but Iraq should also have the right to allow or ban certain contractors from operating on its territory , " he said . Al-Askari said there is a general mood of displeasure within the Iraqi government because of the contract renewal . Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said a joint Iraqi-U.S. commission was set up after the shootings , and Iraqis told U.S. officials that the rules of engagement and use of force must be changed . As a result , a State Department security officer accompanies every convoy manned by contractors , Al-Dabbagh said , and every vehicle is outfitted with a security camera . Recordings from the camera are sent to a command center . Al-Dabbagh said the Iraqi government still wants Blackwater to come under the jurisdiction of Iraqi law and its courts . "  Most importantly , the Iraqi investigation concluded that Blackwater committed a crime at Nusour Square , " he said . "  The U.S. informed us that the FBI investigation is still not done , and if Blackwater -LSB- personnel are -RSB- ... convicted , then the contract will be reviewed . " Another al-Maliki adviser , Sadeq al-Rikabi , said the contract would be temporary since the U.N. mandate under which the United States operates in Iraq will expire at the end of the year , to be replaced by a bilateral agreement under negotiation . "  No doubt , the role of the U.S. military and contractors will be agreed on " in the new arrangement , al-Rikabi said . Blackwater is one of three contractors working under a "  task order " to provide security services in Iraq . The other two are Triple Canopy and DynCorp . The State Department contract must be renewed every year and is up for renewal next month . In effect , Blackwater 's contract will roll over for another year , said Greg Starr , who heads the State Department 's Diplomatic Security Service . Starr said new rules and an agreement between the State Department and U.S. military have improved coordination and the supervision of contractors . Blackwater must work under the rules of the Iraqi government , he said . The FBI is in charge of the U.S. investigation of the September incident , in which survivors and victims ' family members contend Blackwater guards started shooting without provocation . Blackwater says its employees were returning fire after coming under attack from armed insurgents , but an Iraqi investigation called the killings "  premeditated murder . " Starr said the U.S. government , in particular U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker , will take a close look at the FBI 's investigation report , "  and then we decide whether it is consistent with U.S. goals and policies to continue the contract . " It will be important to see whether the FBI finds Blackwater itself criminally responsible , or merely a few of its employees , Starr said . "  We can terminate contracts for the convenience of the government if we have to , " he said . "  I am not going to prejudge what the FBI is going find in its investigation . It 's complex . I think the U.S. government needs protective services . " "  I am up to this point very satisfied with the changes we have seen , " Starr said . "  Essentially , I think they do a very good job . The September 16 incident was a tragedy ; it needs to be investigated carefully . The results of that will come out eventually and we will decide how we will proceed . " Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell declined to comment , referring all questions to the State Department . E-mail to a friend CNN State Department Producer Elise Labott and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : Iraqi official : Iraq 's investigation found that "  Blackwater committed a crime " Iraqi government displeased contract was renewed , top adviser says Blackwater guards killed 17 Iraqis , including women and children , in September Thousands of contractors provide security for U.S. diplomats , workers
CNN  -- Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe wants a mandate . Apparently , the one he and his Liberal Democratic Party of Japan , or LDP , claimed less than two years ago was n't enough . So , as his policy agenda faltered and his approval ratings plummeted , the Prime Minister called snap elections last month  less than half way through the Japanese Diet 's term  to try to claim a vote of confidence from the public and crush dissenters who oppose his agenda . Abe will almost certainly get his election victory ; a mandate is another matter , however . The most notable outcomes of the December 14 ballot are likely to be apathy and cynicism , even if his party holds its majority in Parliament or -- as polls last week predicted -- increases it . Abe and the LDP returned to power in December 2012 determined to reassert Japan 's role in a rapidly changing East Asia . Abe put economic rejuvenation at the top of his policy agenda , seeking to end two-plus "  lost decades " to both consolidate political support and , perhaps even more significantly , to provide the foundation for a more robust international role . "  Abenomics " was an instant success . The yen plunged in value , spurring exports  and corporate profits  , and producing growth that , while mild , well outpaced that of the year before . With that accomplishment in his pocket , the new Prime Minister turned to his real interest : an activist foreign policy that would remind the world that Japan is a "  first tier nation . " Abe traveled the globe , offering political and financial support to diplomatic partners and reasserting Japanese national interests . A core , if not the most important , component of his agenda was lifting domestic obstacles to a more intense regional security role , long inhibited by constitutional constraints . For the vast majority of Japanese voters , support for the LDP stemmed from the prospect of economic revival , and they were prepared to swallow parts of Abe 's security agenda if that was part of the package . Unfortunately for Abe , the economy has slowed in recent months with Japan now technically in recession after two consecutive quarters of negative growth . Companies are doing well , but wages remain stagnant , and with inflation picking up -- an integral part of Abenomics is getting consumers to spend before prices rise -- pay packets are shrinking . The economic woes mean Abe ca n't buy support for the rest of his agenda ; in fact , public complaints about the Abe administration are increasing . The public is hostile to his goal of restarting Japan 's nuclear energy program , shut down since the triple catastrophe of March 11 , 2011 , is suspicious of the National Secrecy Law his government passed , and does not share his eagerness to revise Japan 's constitution to allow it to more readily use its military , even if in the service of the U.S.-Japan alliance , as the Prime Minister and his team insist they intend . And for all the talk of Japan 's turn to the right -- Abe is a conservative nationalist -- the Prime Minister is not representative of his country or his party . The Japanese public is reluctant to unshackle its military and is wary of the high-profile security role Abe seeks . The LDP contains a spectrum of political positions , and if the party has a center , it is left of the current government 's views . Yet opinion polls show the LDP increasing its share of seats in the parliament , despite dropping approval ratings for the Cabinet and Abe . Why ? The anomaly is best explained by the state and structure of Japanese politics . The LDP returned to power after three years of a Democratic Party of Japan administration , a party voted into office in 2009 by a public that had lost hope in the LDP after it had governed Japan for nearly half a century . Those hopes were dashed : The DPJ proved incapable and incompetent , although the LDP helped with intractable opposition to every DPJ policy . Not surprisingly , support for the DPJ , still the largest opposition party , today hovers around 10 % ; 37 % of voters say they will back the LDP in this month 's vote . Most of the rest remain undecided . As a result , turnout may prove to be the lowest since World War II . The structure of the voting system magnifies the impact of this disaffection . There are significant population differences among districts  sufficient in fact for the Japanese Supreme Court to rule them unconstitutional ; the court has n't overturned an election result , however  . Parties that are strong in sparsely populated districts get disproportionate seats from an election win . The LDP is such a party . This is how Abe and company , despite increasing unpopularity , increase seats in an election . The Prime Minister knows the math and that is why he called an election . Snap elections are usually the result of a loss of support within the legislature : a government loses its majority . That is n't even an option in Japan . In this case , the Abe government is threatened by the failure of its own policies , not a real opposition . While Abe claims to have called the vote to win a mandate for election reform , in reality , he aims to exploit a disorganized opposition and lock in his party 's electoral majority for an extended period . The public knows that , too , and that is why cynicism is on the rise among voters . They also fear that Abe will instead focus on foreign policy and press the more controversial elements of his national security agenda . If he does , the Prime Minister will simply end up undermining whatever mandate he will claim after this week 's ballot .	Japan holds a general election this Sunday Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's party is leading in the polls Brad Glosserman : Fear is Abe will press controversial parts of security agenda
CNN  -- Firefighting crews made some headway Monday against a wind-whipped wildfire in the Texas Panhandle . The Double Diamond Fire in Hutchinson County is now 65 % contained , up from 35 % earlier in the day , according to the Texas A&M Forest Service . The blaze has burned more than 2,500 acres and destroyed 160 structures , 91 of them homes , authorities said . It prompted at least 2,100 people to flee their homes , said Troy Ducheneaux of the Forest Service . Late Monday , about 400 people were still unable to return home , said Danny Richards , emergency management coordinator for Hutchinson County . Some areas remain risky because of downed power lines , he said . Paula Lea was one of the people who fled . "  It almost looked like a tornado -- I mean , just a tornado of smoke . And it was so thick and heavy , you just could n't breathe , " said Lea , who spoke to CNN at a temporary shelter . She said her home survived , but her father-in-law 's house did not . A cold front raised humidity and was helping firefighting efforts . Richards said authorities were still tackling hotspots . The wildfire started late Sunday afternoon and was driven by strong , shifting winds . The cause has not been determined . The State Fire Marshal has been called in to assist the investigation , Richards said . Fast-moving wildfire burns at least 20 homes in Oklahoma What to know about wildfires CNN 's Joe Sutton , Ed Payne and Dave Alsup contributed to this report	NEW : About 400 people are still unable to return to their homes , an official says NEW : The wildfire has destroyed 160 structures , 91 of them homes , authorities say The Double Diamond Fire is now 65 % contained One woman describes the blaze as a "  tornado of smoke "
CNN  -- A long-hidden message has been discovered inside Abraham Lincoln 's pocket watch , the Smithsonian 's Museum of American History announced Tuesday . The message in the watch differs slightly from what the watchmaker later said he wrote . Watchmaker Jonathan Dillon was repairing Lincoln 's watch in April 1861 when he heard about the attack on Fort Sumter , South Carolina , and wrote a short message on the metal inside the watch , the Smithsonian said . There it remained , unseen for almost 150 years , it said . In a 1906 interview with The New York Times , Dillon reported that as soon as he heard the news about the first shots of the Civil War , he unscrewed the dial of the watch and wrote on the metal , "  The first gun is fired . Slavery is dead . Thank God we have a President who at least will try . " The actual message that the museum found differs from the watchmaker 's recollection . It says , "  Jonathan Dillon , April 13-1861 , Fort Sumpter -LSB- sic -RSB- was attacked by the rebels on the above date J Dillon , April 13-1861 , Washington , thank God we have a government , Jonth Dillon . " According to the Smithsonian , it was not unusual for professional watchmakers to record their work inside a watch . "  Lincoln never knew of the message he carried in his pocket , " said Brent D. Glass , director of the National Museum of American History . The museum decided to open the watch after being contacted by the watchmaker 's great-great-grandson , Doug Stiles , who had heard about the message Dillon said he had inscribed and wanted to see if it was really there .	Watchmaker left message during repairs , Smithsonian says Message comments on attack on Fort Sumter , which began Civil War Lincoln never knew about message , historian says
Score one for the feds . An investigation encompassing everything from fake NFL game jerseys to counterfeit Super Bowl tickets ended with more than $ 17 million worth of items seized and 41 people arrested , according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . The federal agency began its probe -- which it dubbed "  Operation Red Zone " in reference to the area between the 20-yard line and goal line for a football team 's offense -- on September 1 , 2012 , and wrapped it up on February 6 . ICE special agents , U.S. Postal Inspection Service members and state and local police officers nationwide conducted the investigation , in conjunction with the NFL and other top sports leagues . They targeted international shipments of merchandise while also focusing on places where such items might be stored or sold , such as warehouses , stores , flea markets , street vendors and online vendors . By the time they were done , authorities had seized $ 17.3 million in unlicensed jerseys , hats , T-shirts , jackets and other souvenirs , ICE said . Plus , federal agents shut down 313 websites on which counterfeit merchandise was hawked . "  The seized websites are now in the custody of the federal government , " according to the ICE press release . The effort -- which included the National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center -- also looked at counterfeit tickets , specifically for the Super Bowl , the NFL 's championship game . This led to the confiscation of 168 tickets valued at more than $ 154,000 .	U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement led "  Operation Red Zone " Agents seized $ 17.3 million in unlicensed NFL garments and more They also nabbed 168 fake Super Bowl tickets valued at $ 154,000 , feds say 41 people were arrested and 313 websites were shut down
Denver  CNN  -- President Barack Obama turned in a less-than-stellar performance Wednesday night in his first debate this election season . On Thursday , his campaign aides said former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney came armed with distortions . But if the president believed that , he barely brought them to the viewers ' attention during the debate . Instead , he turned in a distracted , passionless performance . Here are five reasons he fumbled : 1 . His nice-guy image : The Obama team believes the president 's biggest asset is his likability . They want him to preserve that at all costs . They 're convinced undecided voters do n't want to see him engaged in verbal combat -- so he rose above it . That meant he passed on openings to attack Romney . He also missed openings to defend his own record and did n't challenge what his campaign now labels Romney "  distortions . " It let him stay the nice guy , but is n't there a saying about the nice guy and where he finishes ? 2 . Misjudging the room : They decided this was n't about the debate . Instead , it was an opportunity , like the speech at the Democratic National Convention , to speak directly "  to voters at home , not the people in the room . " Viewers saw that tactic a few times when the president looked directly into the camera to deliver his message . But a debate is about engaging with at least two people in the room -- the opponent  Romney  and the moderator  Jim Lehrer  . By reaching beyond them  and at one point snapping at Lehrer  , the president seemed disengaged and disinterested -- and no doubt that matters to the people watching at home . 3 . Not enough prep : The president held more strategy sessions about the debate than actual mock debates . It 's no doubt harder to find the time to prep when you 're a sitting president and not a candidate , but to get rehired , he needs to find the time . Known for his gift with words , the president is , according to sources , challenging to coach . He believes he 's his own best critic and that he knows what to say and how to say it . 4 . Incumbency syndrome : Did you get the sense the president did not want to be on that stage , that other things were on his mind ? He appeared impatient with the experience , not unlike other incumbent presidents , including George W. Bush 2004 . It read almost as if the president is dealing with too many other domestic and global issues to stand there and volley about campaign promises when he has -- in the mind of the incumbent -- more pressing matters . He seemed to have a bad case of it Wednesday night . 5 . Does n't take criticism well : It 's no secret Obama is a confident man . He would n't have a lot of patience for advisers talking about how to score style points . But as Al Gore 's sighing debate performance in 2000 proved how a candidate looks when he 's not speaking can be as important as what he says . Sources tell CNN that during debate prep , only the president 's inner circle stayed for the critique of the president 's performance after the mock debates . Even then , it did n't seem to make enough headway to calm the president 's impatience with this process . Maybe next time , they 'll show the president tape of his downward gaze and grimacing during Romney 's answers -- and let him provide his own self-criticism before he shows up in Hempstead , New York , for the second debate at Hofstra University . Three things we know about the president : He 's fiercely competitive , hates losing and he is disciplined . After last night 's experience , he will no doubt adjust and come in ready with a different performance for round two . But he has to avoid the problem Al Gore faced in 2000 . Gore was too passive in one debate so he overcorrected and came off as too aggressive in another -- missing the mark both times . Day after : Obama accuses Romney of dishonesty in debate Can Obama recover , or will Romney step it up ? Analysis : Romney seizes the story Five things we learned from the first debate	CNN 's Jessica Yellin analyzes President Barack Obama 's debate performance Obama 's team had him cling too hard to his nice-guy image , Yellin observes Yellin also points out the president did n't engage in enough debate prep Finally , the president does n't take criticism well , and that hurt him , Yellin says
MOGADISHU , Somalia  CNN  -- The Somali National Army , along with African Union troops , on Sunday launched a long-awaited offensive against al Qaeda-linked Somali rebels and captured the town of Jowhar , the AU and residents said . The joint forces faced little resistance , the African Union Mission for Somalia said in a press release , adding that Jowhar had been a major base for Al-Shabaab in southern Somalia . Abdi Isac , a local resident , said by phone from Jowhar that the allied troops peacefully entered the city after the Islamist militants pulled out without a fight or firing a single shot . Government forces and AU tanks were visible encircling the town and moving cautiously into the police stations and administrative offices in Jowhar to secure the city , residents said . The Al-Shabaab fighters headed toward the nearby rural area that is their stronghold , reports said . Jowhar , 90 kilometers  56 miles  north of the capital , Mogadishu , lies at a strategic crossroads of routes to the north and south of the country . The capture of the town "  will go a long way towards improving security for the civilian population " in the region , the AU commander said , according to the press release . The rebels continue to hold small rural areas in central and southern Somalia but are being squeezed out of some parts by Kenyan and Ethiopian troops , which launched incursions inside Somalia in October 2011 in support of the beleaguered Western-backed Somali government .	Somali National Army and African Union troops take control of town of Jowhar , AU says Islamist Al-Shabaab militants gave up the town without a fight , a resident says The town had been a major base for Al-Shabaab in southern Somalia Jowhar is at a strategic crossroads north of Mogadishu
CNN  -- Iran has not requested to move any of its warships through the Suez Canal , an Egyptian official said Thursday . "  No Iranian warships sailed through the canal in the last two days and nothing is planned for the coming days either , " said Ahmed El-Manakhly , the transit director of the Suez Canal Authority . "  In order for any warship to cross the canal , their government needs to send a request to the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs through their embassy in Cairo for approval and once approved , the warships can cross the canal . but for now , no official request has been submitted , " he said . The development came a day after Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman said two Iranian warships were expected to pass through the Suez Canal Wednesday night on their way to Syria . "  This is a provocation that proves that the self-confidence and insolence of the Iranians is growing from day to day , " he said . "  This happens after the Iranian president 's visit to south Lebanon and his aggressive declarations there towards Israel . " The Israeli Defense Ministry said Israel was monitoring the movement of the Iranian ships and alerted its allies . On the report , oil prices spiked for a time on Wednesday . The Suez Canal serves as a key passageway for international trade , allowing ships to navigate between Europe and Asia without having to go all the way around the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa . Millions of barrels of oil move through the Suez every day on the way to both Europe and North America . Iranian Navy officials have said the flotilla has embarked on a yearlong training mission that takes it to the Gulf of Aden to the Red Sea and through the Suez Canal into the Mediterranean Sea , according to the semi-official Fars News Agency . During the mission , Iranian Navy cadets are due to be trained and prepared for defending the country 's cargo ships and oil tankers . Iranian Navy Cmdr. Rear Adm. Habibollah Sayyari said cadets would be trained to protect ships and tankers now under threat of attack from Somali pirates , Fars said . Part of the mission was also to gather intelligence . Sayyari said the ships were in the region in "  pursuit of a powerful  military  presence in the high seas and to consolidate our friendly ties and declare our message of peace and friendship to the regional countries . " Liberman said Wednesday that Israel 's allies should pay attention after the news of the Iranians plan to enter the Suez . . "  We expect the international community to act speedily with determination against the Iranian provocations , designed to deteriorate the situation in the area , and put the Iranians in their place , " he said . Liberman 's comments were not so much a threat but a wake-up call about a "  worrying development , " said a senior government official who was not identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media . The official said Liberman was "  painting it as a challenge to the West . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamim Netanyahu 's office offered no immediate comment . CNN 's Kevin Flower , Saad Abedine and journalist Ken Sweet contributed to this report	Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman says two Iranian warships are expected to pass through the Suez Canal No request has been made by Iran for waships to cross the canal The Israeli Defense Ministry says it is monitoring the movement of Iranian ships
On Friday Italy held a national day of mourning . For this is not simply an accident . Accidents and emergencies can not last two decades . As a field researcher who has dedicated years of work to maritime migration , and as an Italian citizen , I am grateful to the Italian Council of Ministers for taking such an unprecedented decision to make this declaration . Today we honor the memory and the families of more than 100 refugees , young adults , women , and children from Eritrea , retrieved off the southern Italian island of Lampedusa ; and of the many dozens who are still trapped at the bottom of the sea . We also honor the selfless work of the island 's residents , tourists , armed forces , medical personnel , and fishermen who have now rescued thousands on their way to Europe . But I have listened uncomfortably to national and EU politicians who , as usual , have pointed their finger at smugglers , purporting that redoubling efforts to fight them will prevent further loss of life at sea . People at the helm of unseaworthy vessels are menial laborers executing the last and risky part of trips organized by transnational criminal networks . Smugglers are not the reason why people are on those vessels . Italian and EU institutions are asking what can be done to prevent further tragedies . To answer , they have to ask also whether they did anything to enable them in the first place , including failing to consider implications and alternatives of their specific actions and inactions . I need to raise a seemingly simple question . What brings thousands of people to trust criminals , pay them 10 times more than they would pay a comfortable seat on a ferry or airplane , and risk their lives ? The overarching answer , in its brutal obviousness , is that they may not legally get on those planes and ferries . They come from countries , such as Eritrea , that methodically oppress their own citizens and will not grant passports and exit visas . They are refugees , forced to leave home without the time and resources to secure legal passage . They have survived the Sahara , and returning from Libya or Egypt is not a feasible and rational option . They are poor . They fail to offer the financial guarantees requested by European consulates , and will not be granted a visa . Quotas and legal channels for employment are inadequate both to their needs and to the needs of European economies and aging populations . They are prepared to die as they leave with hope , but do not wish to survive in despair . They fall through the immense cracks of a system that needs them for a job or might grant them asylum , but only if they first make it through miles of peril and years of exploitation . It is evident then , that the Mediterranean chronicle of death can not end merely as a result of tougher penalties on smugglers , additional resources for search-and-rescue operations , and heightened military surveillance and dissuasion . Prisons , radars , and helicopters are not solutions . Every institution , at every level of governance , needs radical action . Fishermen and shipmasters should not have to fear that rescuing people will result in criminal charges for aiding and abetting undocumented immigrants . Or are they to engage in racial profiling and evaluate in hectic moments whether somebody in distress is a refugee or an undocumented economic immigrant ? Should they rescue the former , but abandon the latter and perhaps face prosecution for failure to rescue ? Can these decisions , and people 's life , be left to discretion , chance , and the elements ? EU intergovernmental border patrols  FRONTEX  and national armed forces need to clarify , to themselves and to citizens , whether they patrol the Mediterranean to deter migration , to rescue people , or to intercept and deport them to countries of origin and transit . ` Safe , legal channel needed ' Citizens need to remember that in liberal democracies it is on their behalf and in their name that laws are written and implemented . They need to demonstrate to lawmakers that they are not "  afraid " of their Eritrean , Syrian , Somali , Egyptian , Afghani , Iraqi , Ghanaian , Bangladeshi and Pakistani employees , fiancés , neighbors , schoolmates , and coworkers , to mention the nationalities increasingly resorting to maritime journeys . What happens with boundaries of socio-economic inclusion and integration is related to what happens at the border . National and EU policymakers need to envision a common family reunification and asylum policy , and establish more homogenous parameters for asylum adjudication . This could help curb the equally perilous journeys of hope of many Afghanis across the Strait of Otranto , from Greece to Italy and then to northern Europe . Most urgently , national and EU policymakers need to establish accessible , safe , and legal channels for internally and internationally displaced people to apply for asylum or to be granted temporary protection . These are not problems only concerning smugglers , immigrants , and refugees . This national day of mourning is a call for the EU and its member states to start refashioning what sovereignty and humanitarianism mean in the 21st century . It is an invitation to fellow Italian and European citizens , including migrants and their children , to practise democracy in its representative and participatory dimensions . And it serves as yet another reminder of north-south disparities in wealth and power , signaled by the fact that the Mediterranean is a frontier in the first place . There is no single solution to the Mediterranean chronicle of death . There are certainly alternatives to this state of affairs . They are more rational , and more just , than inaction and methodic negligence .	Smugglers are not why people are on these vessels , writes Maurizio Albahari Quotas inadequate both to refugees and European economies , he says Albahari : EU nations must establish safe , legal channels for displaced people No single solution to the Mediterranean chronicle of death , he says
CNN  About a third of American parents harbor some degree of "  vaccine hesitancy " that leads them to resist getting recommended vaccines . It 's also true that nearly a third of Americans think the evidence supporting climate change is shaky . Both these beliefs can be very dangerous . And those of us who make and purvey science need to better understand why people distrust and reject scientific authority in this country if we 're to combat it . The Disneyland measles outbreak has now spread to 14 states , and physicians have not been able to raise their voices high enough above the misinformed din to head off the suffering , disability and death that could result . There 's not much we can do about the small core of people who oppose vaccines based on ideology : They have been with us since Edward Jenner first introduced his smallpox vaccine in 1798 . But we have a better shot with the larger and more rational border zone of the vaccine hesitant who may base their concerns on genuine cases of vaccine harm , such as the very small but accepted link between influenza vaccination and a temporary paralysis called Guillain-Barré Syndrome . Part of the problem is that Americans see their government issuing mixed messages on the value of vaccination . Even in the midst of the current outbreak , and just as President Obama was imploring parents to vaccinate their children , New Jersey governor and likely presidential contender Chris Christie muddied the waters by unhelpfully asserting that parents should be given some leeway on whether to vaccinate . I 'll note here this is the same governor who famously erred in quarantining a returning Ebola aid worker who showed no signs of the disease , so hopefully we 'll take his public health pronouncements in the proper context . Whether the issue is climate change , Ebola , or vaccine-preventable diseases like measles , each of these threats comes with a corps of true experts who must compete for the public 's attention and trust with a set of vocal charlatans , conspiracy theorists and even politicians . In the case of measles , a breakdown of the patient-doctor relationship is to blame . The Internet has helped erode the old paternalistic relationship just as it has diminished all authority figures , while simultaneously welcoming fringe beliefs into the mainstream . Parents : What is your message to parents who do n't vaccinate their kids ? The Internet has brought down to earth the rarefied medical "  priesthood " by democratizing access to its previously shrouded holy texts of medical science . At the same time , we doctors have injured our standing through decades of serving as willing cogs in a ballooning and inefficient medical industrial complex that took its customer base for granted . The teetering medical system has come crashing down in a conflagration of national debate about access , fair pricing and information sharing . We have witnessed the dawn of the "  empowered patient , " whose self-generated and self-controlled data now offers the potential for enormous efficiency gains . Still , we know that cultivating a strong patient-doctor relationship is the most successful method of reversing vaccine opposition . But doctors can no longer dictate to their patients . It 's not an option . The new role we doctors play , after all the dust is settled , is entirely built on trust . We are the expert consultant to whom you bring the information you have generated from your own body and your own research . We help you navigate your ideas and worries , and craft the concise guidance you need . At the same time we can not ultimately be your concierge ; we stand on the ground between our best understanding of science and its application . Navigating that shifting territory requires winning your trust . It 's no coincidence that the golden age of vaccine acceptance in the mid-20th century corresponded with some of our most fundamental medical advances and peak prestige in the medical profession . I do n't think we 'll ever be there again . You 've earned the right to question your doctor , and you may indeed bring information to the table that your doctor does n't have . If we can carve out a system where your doctor is granted the time to truly understand you , while at the same time allowing your doctor to treat you appropriately in the border zone between our limited science and its limitless application , we 'll build up the trust we need . If we 've done our job right , you 'll seek out the insights we 've earned from treating many challenging cases over many years . And we 'll know we 've succeeded in our new relationship when you let us vaccinate your children .	Ford Vox : Some parents have been forgoing measles vaccines for kids . Scientists need to better understand why people reject science He says experts now compete with Internet charlatans and misinformation . Doctors must now rebuild doctor-patient bond
CNN  -- Former New York Giants receiver David Tyree 's celebrated catch in the closing seconds of Super Bowl XLII was pivotal to his team 's victory . Now out of football , he is trying to claim a last-minute win over another foe -- same-sex marriage . On the same day that the New York State Assembly approved a same-sex marriage bill , Tyree warned of dire consequences if the legislation becomes law . The bill 's passage would "  be the beginning of our country sliding toward ... anarchy , " he said Tyree made the comments in a video released Wednesday by the National Organization for Marriage , which is spearheading opposition to the bill . The legislation must now clear the Republican-controlled State Senate where its fate is uncertain . His disapproval of gay marriage is based on religious as well as secular grounds , Tyree said . "  Marriage is the only relationship that actually mirrors the relationship with God , " he said . He also argued that same-sex parents are ill-equipped to raise a child of the opposite sex . "  You ca n't teach something that you do n't have , " Tyree said in the video . "  So two men will never be able to teach a woman how to be a woman . " It is not justifiable to alter a long-standing institution "  because a minority -- an influential minority -- has ... an agenda , " he said . In an opinion column for Yahoo News , the group 's chairman , Maggie Gallagher , said Tyree told her he decided to speak out after his former teammate Michael Strahan declared his support for gay marriage last week . The video appeared to take a page out of the playbook of the group 's adversary , the Human Rights Campaign , which has released a steady stream of video testimonials from celebrity advocates of gay marriage in recent months . Uma Thurman , Whoopi Goldberg , Sean Avery of the New York Rangers and others have appeared in their videos . Tyree seemed to chide notables who oppose same-sex marriage , but keep their opposition to themselves . "  I am disappointed when ... not enough guys ... lift up something as honorable and near to God 's heart as marriage , " he said . "  We 're doing God an injustice by not making his heart known to our country . "	The New York State Assembly approves a same-sex marriage bill The bill also must clear the Republican-controlled State Senate where its fate is uncertain Former New York Giant David Tyree is a hero from Super Bowl XLII He disapproves of gay marriage on religious and secular grounds
CNN  -- The remains of Amber DuBois , a 14-year-old San Diego , California-area girl who was missing for more than a year , have been found , police said Sunday . Human skeletal remains found early Saturday in Pala -- a rural , rugged area in northern San Diego County , California -- have been positively identified as those of DuBois , Police Chief Jim Maher of Escondido , California , said at a news conference . DuBois was last seen walking alone to school on February 13 , 2009 . Her family lives in Escondido , a suburb of San Diego . Maher did not take questions at the brief news conference , saying the investigation of DuBois ' death is ongoing . "  Any detail , no matter how slight , would be inappropriate at this time , " he said . The investigation is being handled by Escondido police , the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department , and the FBI . Amber DuBois ' parents , who police said were notified of their daughter 's found remains Saturday , attended the press conference . "  We 'd like to thank everybody involved in the search for Amber ... and above all , our huge volunteer corps , " her father , Moe DuBois , said . "  They are the most dedicated people you can ever imagine . " "  Without them we can not have done anything , " he said . Authorities said last week they were investigating John Albert Gardner III , who pleaded not guilty Wednesday to raping and murdering Chelsea King -- another San Diego-area teen -- to determine whether he was connected to Amber DuBois ' disappearance . "  We have been working closely with San Diego Sheriff 's Office , and our investigators are working with theirs in case there is a connection , " Lt. Robert Benton with the Escondido Police Department said last week . "  We are involved in the daily briefings on the King investigation . " Amber DuBois ' father attended Gardner 's arraignment on Wednesday . Maher did not mention any suspects during his brief news conference Sunday .	Remains of Amber DuBois , 14 when she disappeared last year , found in San Diego County Police said last week they 're investigating John Albert Gardner III Gardner is charged with murder in disappearance of a different teen , Chelsea King DuBois was last seen walking alone to school on February 13 , 2009
CNN  -- Alberto Contador celebrated his first victory since returning from a doping ban as he won his home Vuelta A Espana for the second time on Sunday . The Spanish rider , who was stripped of his 2010 Tour de France and 2011 Giro d'Italia victories after testing positive for a banned steroid , finished one minute 16 seconds clear of compatriot Alejando Valverde in the third and final grand tour of the cycling season . Valverde won the Vuelta in 2009 , but has like Contador just returned from a two-year suspension after being involved in the Operacion Puerto blood doping scandal . The 29-year-old Contador completed the three-week , 3,300-kilometer event in 84 hours 59 minutes 49 seconds to follow up his 2008 success and hold onto the red jersey . "  Thanks to all of you who have been there , both in good and bad times ! This victory is yours ! " the Saxo Bank team rider wrote on his Twitter page after finishing 54th in the peloton in the 21st stage along the streets of Madrid . Movistar 's Valverde came home sixth to deny third-placed Joaquin Rodriguez the points classification jersey , while German sprinter John Degenkolb came home first to earn his fifth stage win . It was the second year in a row that Rodriguez was denied the points jersey on the final day . The race marked the end of the careers of France 's David Moncoutie , a four-time winner of the Vuelta 's mountain classification category , and fellow veteran Grischa Niermann of Germany , who were allowed a honorary run at the front of the field for the first intermediate sprint . The field lacked many of the top names from July 's Tour de France , which was won by Bradley Wiggins , but his Team Sky colleague Chris Froome did take part and finished fourth overall -- more than 10 minutes behind Contador . Contador is one of cycling 's biggest stars , and his controversial ban for use of clenbuterol -- small amounts were found in tests during the 2010 Tour de France -- was another blow for the sport , which has been plagued by drug scandals . Seven-time Tour champion Lance Armstrong has been stripped of his titles after last month refusing to defend himself against doping charges laid against him by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency .	Two-time Tour de France champion Alberto Contador wins Tour of Spain Spanish cyclist , stripped of last year 's titles , follows up his 2008 success Compatriot Alejandro Valverde , also back after a ban this year , finishes second Valverde denies fellow Spaniard Joaquin Rodriguez the points jersey
CNN  -- It was one of the hottest films out of Sundance , but "  Blackfish " will leave you with chills . The nearly 90-minute documentary tells the story of SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau , who was killed in 2010 when the killer whale Tilikum grabbed her and yanked her underwater . The exclusive clip above depicts another trainer getting her arm broken by a whale . "  I became interested in this project when I found out about the death of Brancheau , " filmmaker Gabriela Cowperthwaite said . "  I was very confused by that story , because I did n't understand why a killer whale who was a very highly intelligent animal would have made a decision to kill a trainer that was actively feeding it . " The result of Cowperthwaite 's curiosity is a film that raises a number of questions , not the least of which being whether killer whales have any place in theme parks . Critics have praised "  Blackfish " for being an "  emotionally powerful " and "  mesmerizing psychological thriller " that could double as a teaching tool . The documentary arrives in select theaters on July 19 , and it will also air on CNN as part of CNN Films on October 24 at 9 p.m. ET . To unravel what happened between the 12,000 pound Tilikum and Brancheau , Cowperthwaite also takes us through the 39-year history of orcas in captivity . Although Brancheau 's story is at the heart of the film , "  Blackfish " also shows more generally the dangers of working with orcas and their majestic beauty and intelligence . "  For anyone who has ever questioned the humaneness of keeping wild animals in captivity and training them to perform tricks for food , this will be trenchant , often harrowing stuff , " The Hollywood Reporter said in its Sundance review . "  Perhaps even more so for those who have never considered the issue . "	"  Blackfish " examines the 2010 incident when a killer whale killed its trainer Filmmaker Gabriela Cowperthwaite explores history of orcas in captivity The film received buzz from the Sundance Film Festival CNN Films has acquired the release to air on October 24
Washington  CNN  -- Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin hit the campaign trail Friday , delivering the keynote address at a Washington fundraiser for an anti-abortion group supporting socially conservative women running for office in the upcoming midterm elections . "  All across this country , women are standing up and speaking out for common sense solutions , " Palin said at the Susan B. Anthony List Celebration of Life breakfast . They are forming a "  new conservative feminist movement " that will help make "  government work again for us , " she said . The Susan B. Anthony List describes itself on its website as part of the "  nerve center of the pro-life movement and political process . " In 2008 , the group founded "  Team Sarah , " a coalition of women supporting Palin 's vice presidential bid . During her speech , Palin ripped abortion rights opponents in the Democratic Party who "  promised to hold firm " during the health care debate , but ultimately backed "  the most pro-abortion president who ever occupied the White House . " "  We wo n't forget , " she promised . "  Elections have consequences . " Palin mentioned , among other things , her daughter Bristol 's decision not to have an abortion after becoming pregnant at age 17 . "  It was an embarrassing time for her , " Palin told the audience . But "  choosing life was the right road . " Palin said national media coverage of the pregnancy "  kind of made it rough " on Bristol and sent a not-too-subtle message to other young women that it 's easier to choose to have an abortion . Turning to other policy disputes , Palin also slammed the Obama administration 's fiscal program , declaring that "  these policies coming out of D.C. right now " are putting the country on the road to "  national insolvency . " She praised the conservative Tea Party movement , calling it a "  movement of the people " that the media has unfairly characterized as a group of violent racists . "  This awakening is very , very healthy , " she said . Palin 's speech was part of a midterm campaign swing that is scheduled to take her to North Carolina on Friday to address a National Rifle Association meeting . In addition , she will travel South Carolina to endorse GOP state Rep. Nikki Haley for governor . The state 's scandal-tarred Republican governor , Mark Sanford , is term-limited and will leave office in January . "  It is a tremendous honor to receive Gov. Palin 's endorsement , " Haley said in a statement released Thursday . "  Sarah Palin has energized the conservative movement like few others in our generation . " Palin has also endorsed , among others , former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina in California 's GOP Senate primary . Palin is set to release a new book in November -- "  America By Heart : Reflections on Family , Faith , and Flag . " Her first book , "  Going Rogue , " was a national bestseller . Palin has become one of the GOP 's biggest stars since being tapped as Sen. John McCain 's running mate during the 2008 presidential race . In addition to being an author , Palin has become a sought-after speaker and a contributor on Fox News . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Peter Hamby and Martina Stewart contributed to this report	Sarah Palin speaks at fundraiser for group supporting conservative women candidates Palin attacks anti-abortion Democrats for backing President Obama 's health care plan Palin 's appearance was part of a campaign swing that will take her to Carolinas
JACKSON , Tennessee  CNN  -- Tornadoes and storms in the mid-South have killed 55 people since Tuesday evening in the deadliest tornado outbreak in the United States in more than 20 years . A police officer walks past destroyed cars on the Union University campus in Jackson , Tennessee , Wednesday . The storms ripped apart homes and trapped residents of university dorms and a retirement home in debris . The trail of death stretched across four states , with four people killed in Alabama , 13 in Arkansas , seven in Kentucky and 31 in Tennessee . In some cases , there was almost no warning before the severe weather hit . James Baskin of Jackson , Tennessee , was driving a car when a twister "  just picked us up and threw us , " he said . Everyone in the car was injured , including his daughter 's friend , who suffered a broken collarbone . "  We 'll get through it . Nobody 's dead . That 's the biggest thing , " Baskin said . The storm system was becoming less intense as it moved east Wednesday , CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano said , but the National Weather Service issued tornado and severe storm warnings and said extreme weather still was possible . President Bush said Wednesday he had called the governors of the affected states to offer help and to tell them that "  the American people hold those who suffered up in prayer . " The Federal Emergency Management Agency was deploying teams to the area , Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff said Wednesday . "  We 're going to keep watching this , " he said . See map of where storms hit " In Sumner County , Tennessee , two victims were found outside a house that had been blown away by the storm , said Jay Austin , the county 's primary death investigator . Elsewhere in the area , a mother was found dead in a creek bed about 50 yards from where her house stood . Her baby was found alive 250 yards away . The child was taken to a local hospital , Austin said . Meanwhile , the Tennessee Highway Patrol reported looting in hard-hit Macon County , CNN affiliate WSMV reported . Macon County Mayor Shelvy Linville told CNN Thursday that the death toll in the county had risen to 13 . Tennessee Gov. Phil Bredesen , who flew over the disaster area Wednesday , said he was stunned by the storm 's power . Watch Bredesen describe a ` nightmare ' " "  I do n't think that I have seen , since I 've been governor , a tornado where the combination of the intensity of it and the length of the track was as large as this one , " Bredesen said . "  That track had to be 25 miles long . -LSB- The twister -RSB- did n't skip like a lot of them do . ... It 's just 25 miles of a tornado sitting on the ground . " In Jackson , Tennessee , a tornado trapped Union University students and retirees in collapsed buildings , said Julie Oaks , a spokeswoman for the state 's Emergency Management Agency . Watch how the tornado devastated the campus " "  It looks like a war zone , " said university President David Dockery . "  Cars and trucks thrown from one side of the campus to the other . " Dockery said the women 's dorms were destroyed , along with two academic buildings . Many other school buildings received lesser damage . See photos of chaos left by storm " Classes were canceled at least until February 18 , he said . Nine students were hospitalized overnight , but there were no life-threatening injuries , according to university spokesman Tim Elsworth . To the west , a tornado swept through the southeastern section of Memphis in Shelby County . The storms yanked the roof off a hangar at Memphis International Airport , the National Weather Service said . Oaks said one person was killed at the Hickory Ridge Mall in Shelby County . Company officials believe a tornado hit a compressor station for the Columbia Gulf Transmission company in Hartsville , Tennessee , about 40 miles northeast of Nashville , setting off a spectacular natural gas fire . Watch flames leap hundreds of feet " The blaze could be seen in the night sky for miles around , with flames shooting "  400 , 500 feet in the air , " said Tennessee Emergency Management spokesman Donnie Smith . The station was damaged significantly , but there were no reports of injuries or fatalities , said Columbia spokesman Kelly Merritt . "  We would not have had any employees there -LSB- overnight -RSB- . " The blaze was put out early Wednesday morning , he said . The tornado cut a wide swath near the facility , flattening the home of Dara Reasonover . "  It just took the house and everything and my horses and my dog , " a shaken Reasonover said , as the glow of the fire lit the sky behind her . "  I do n't know if they 're alive or dead , but we 'll make it . " In Arkansas , the storm killed 13 people in six counties , the state Emergency Management Agency said . In the city of Atkins , a man , woman and child in the same family were killed , county Judge Jim Ed Gibson told CNN . The storms overturned trucks and other vehicles along Interstate 40 , closing the highway briefly , he said . Storms also ripped through Kentucky , killing at least seven people . A state of emergency was declared in Muhlenberg County , and Kentucky National Guard troops were deployed , state emergency spokesman Buddy Rogers said . In Alabama , the storms killed four people , three in Lawrence County and one in Jackson County , officials said . Resident Roger Riddle said that when he heard the tornado siren , he rounded up his children and took them to a community storm shelter . When he emerged , he saw the twister traveling away from them and "  total destruction . " "  We 've got things tore up , and the house across the road from us is completely gone , " Riddle said . In Mississippi , the director of the state 's Emergency Management Agency , Mike Womack , estimated that 20 to 30 tornadoes pounded the state in areas above the state capital of Jackson . "  We have no reported fatalities , and that is extremely fortunate , " he said , given the havoc the storm caused elsewhere . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Saeed Ahmed , Mark Bixler and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll rises to 55 with report of a 13th death in Macon County , Tennessee Tornado outbreak was deadliest in the U.S. in more than 20 years 31 people killed in Tennessee , 13 in Arkansas , 7 in Kentucky , 4 in Alabama
West Hollywood , California  CNN  -- The painting is called "  Coma . " It depicts an unconscious patient being slowly pulled into the mouth of a macabre death mask . Helpless . The death 's head resembles the opening of a CAT scan machine , a symbol of modern medical technology . It is the work of Dr. Jack Kevorkian , the man who bore the notorious nickname "  Dr. Death . " He was a passionate advocate for allowing certain people to choose the time and manner of their own death . He claimed to have assisted in the suicides for more than 130 patients over a period of nearly 20 years . Kevorkian 's career ended in 1999 with his conviction on charges of second degree murder for administering a lethal injection to a patient who had Lou Gehrig 's disease . He spent eight years in prison . Most people though do n't realize that Kevorkian was also a longtime painter . Eleven of his works of art are on display this month in a trendy West Hollywood art gallery . "  He was a talented amateur , " curator Lee Bowers told CNN . "  He painted throughout much of his life . " All 11 paintings are available for purchase . The asking price is as much as $ 45,000 per canvas , Bowers said . Proceeds go to the estate and the gallery , and the paintings that do n't sell are headed to the Smithsonian , Bowers said . The exhibition also includes the assisted suicide machine that Kevorkian designed and built , the "  Thanatron . " The contraption helped inject a series of drugs into terminal and incapacitated patients who wished to end their lives . It too is for sale to the highest bidder , at a starting price of $ 25,000 . Despite the attention surrounding the macabre suicide machine , the paintings comprise the heart of the show . "  Paralysis " is typical of the series of paintings that depict some aspect of disease and human suffering . The painting presents an image of a naked man crouched in a claustrophobic prison . Half his body has been turned to stone . His limbs are crumbling and useless . His brain has been removed and shackled , his body unable to respond to its commands . Other paintings comment satirically on what Kevorkian viewed as the hypocrisy of the medical code of ethics . He once called efforts to prosecute him "  a political lynching , engineered by the Inquisition . " Portraits of Kevorkian 's parents and one of German composer Johann Sebastian Bach reflect an homage to those who influenced his life . Efforts to sell the paintings following Kevorkian 's death in 2011 were hampered by a legal dispute over their ownership . For many years , they were housed in the Armenian Library and Museum of America in Watertown , Massachusetts , near Boston . After his death , the Kevorkian estate claimed the art work was only on loan to the museum . The dispute was resolved with the museum retaining four of his works . Kevorkian 's niece is now offering the paintings in her possession for sale at Gallerie Sparta . Kevorkian told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta in 2010 that serving eight years in prison had not changed his view of assisted suicide . "  It 's a medical service , " Kevorkian stated , "  It 's not political . It 's not religious . " Are his paintings great art ? Well , that is in the eye of the beholder . But they continue to speak to Dr. Kevorkian 's battle against the medical and legal establishment . A battle that continues , even in death .	Dr. Jack Kevorkian 's art is on display and for sale this month Kevorkian died in 2011 at age 82 He was known as "  Dr. Death " for his assisted suicides The exhibit includes 11 paintings and his assisted suicide machine , also for sale
CNN  -- Sure hope Amal is n't upset . George Clooney took an apparent break from his honeymoon with Amal Alamuddin to make a surprise appearance Thursday at New York Comic Con . The actor , who was there to talk about his role in next summer 's "  Tomorrowland , " admitted he wondered himself what he was doing there . "  It is not lost on me that I am spending my honeymoon at Comic Con , " said Clooney , according to several reports from the event . Marriage seems to be treating Clooney well so far . He kept the crowd entertained with one-liners and enthusiasm . Nodding to co-star Hugh Laurie , who played Dr. Gregory House on "  House , " Clooney issued a challenge to other actors who played doctors on television .  Clooney played Dr. Doug Ross on "  ER . " "  We were all over the world -- Hugh and I got to get in trouble in the Bahamas , it was fun . Two former television doctors ! Bring on that McSteamy guy ! We 'll take 'em all on , them TV doctors , " he said . And noting his quick appearance in the "  Tomorrowland " trailer , Clooney worked up a phony bluster . "  What the hell , that 's it ? We 've been waiting for this thing for a year and a half and that 's it ? " he said . "  I 'm so barely in the teaser ! I do n't want to have to say , I 'm a big star ! " "  Tomorrowland , " directed by Brad Bird  "  The Incredibles "  and written by Bird and Damon Lindelof , opens in May 2015 .	George Clooney promotes "  Tomorrowland " at New York Comic Con Actor "  spending my honeymoon at Comic Con " for film Movie is directed by Brad Bird Clooney married Amal Alamuddin last month
CNN  -- A roundup of reactions to the death of television producer and longtime "  American Bandstand " host Dick Clark , who died Wednesday : "  He was an entrepreneur , a visionary and a major force in changing pop culture and ultimately influencing integration . It happened first emotionally . Music can do that . He did n't do it from a soap box , he just did it . That 's who he was . " -- Stevie Wonder "  Dick Clark was the rare exception who was a bigger person in real life than the public image or legend that was also to be his legacy . " -- Paul Stanley of KISS "  Not only did he create a beloved platform that allowed numerous , gifted artists to break through -- he single-handedly redefined popular culture . " -- The Jacksons  Jermaine , Jackie , Tito and Marlan "  If someone can not fill your shoes , you are a legend . And Dick Clark was a legend . " -- Donny Osmond , to CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " "  Dick Clark , with all the fame and money , was n't a limousine guy . " -- Larry King "  He was one of the top people that you wanted to get your music to . And you knew that if he put you on his show , you were a success . And , yes , he produced a lot of things , but he produced it because he loved it . " -- Gloria Estefan "  What he did for music was just beyond explanation . If it was not for Dick Clark , I do n't think Motown would have been the company it was . ... He did everything with class , style and integrity . " -- Berry Gordy , Motown founder , to CNN 's "  AC360 " "  If you did n't go on ` American Bandstand , ' you had n't made it yet . " -- Aretha Franklin , to CNN "  You are never really prepared for this day . ... He just seemed to have had some of the fountain of youth in him . There 's a great word that is synonymous with Dick , and that 's ` loyal . ' Loyalty is a lost art today , and it applies so much to Dick . " -- Jean Kasem , wife of longtime "  American Top 40 " host Casey Kasem and family friend "  Anything Dick Clark touched , it turned to success . He knows what he is doing and he knows how to do it . " -- Little Richard , to CNN "  I think only God is responsible for making more stars than Dick Clark . I really do . I think he really was the manufacturer of the music business as we know it today . He was the Pied Piper , he was the guy who created careers ,  but  he was also a mentor and cared about you as a person . " -- Tony Orlando "  This is a sad day . He was a dear friend , supporting me and my music for all of my years in the business . A great businessman and a true gentleman . An inspiration . My heart is so heavy now . " -- Barry Manilow "  I was very sad to here this news . We all felt Dick was always this handsome teenager , as we all got older , Dick remained a teenager . I will always appreciate what he did for me and for popular music . He presented Motown and The Supremes on tour with the Caravan of Stars and on ` American Bandstand ' where I got my start . Dick Clark was a pioneer , he was a music star maker , he was a legend and was my friend . He said that ` music is the soundtrack of your life . ' Since I was 16 , he was always a part of mine . " -- Diana Ross "  With ` American Bandstand , ' he introduced decades ' worth of viewers to the music of our times . He reshaped the television landscape forever as a creative and innovative producer . And , of course , for 40 years , we welcomed him into our homes to ring in the New Year . But more important than his groundbreaking achievements was the way he made us feel -- as young and vibrant and optimistic as he was . " -- President Barack Obama "  Rest in Peace my good friend Dick Clark . A pioneer who 's mark on American culture will be felt forever . " -- Quincy Jones , producer , via Twitter Read Dick Clark 's CNN obituary "  When my parents were n't quite sure yet about the Beatles and were n't quite sure yet about the Stones , they were sure about Dick Clark . And he kind of enabled , I think , the older generation to move on to what was happening in music . " -- Philip Mershon , a well-wisher at Clark 's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame "  Clark was a trendsetter who helped guide our tastes in music , dance and fashion for more than three decades . " -- Terry Stewart , president of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame "  He was smart , charming , funny and always a true gentleman . I learned a great deal from him , and I 'll always be indebted to him for his faith and support of me . " -- Radio and television host Ryan Seacrest , who took over Clark 's New Year 's Eve program on ABC "  You 'll continue to be an inspiration to us all Dick Clark . Thanks for the amazing rockin years you were with us . You 'll truly be missed . " -- The Jonas Brothers , via Twitter "  I loved Dick Clark . He was so instrumental in my career as well as all the other Motown acts and so many others in the recording business . Goodbye , my friend , rest in peace . " -- Smokey Robinson "  Times Square is considered the crossroads of the world in no small part because Dick Clark 's New Year 's Eve celebrations there were beamed across the globe . I remember one New Year 's Eve , he and I stood in Times Square marveling about how much the area -- and the city -- had improved over the years . But Dick Clark never had to change -- he was a great entertainer who stood the test of time . " -- New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg "  He was a wonderful guy to work for , and he was a great pioneer . He gave you everything you needed to be the best for his television show . " -- Verdine White , Earth , Wind and Fire bassist "  Dick Clark 's profound contributions to music , television and popular culture will reverberate throughout time . R.I.P. . Mr. American Bandstand . " -- Music producer and Epic Records CEO Antonio "  L.A. " Reid "  This guy was the best . He helped me from the very bottom of my career all through the '80s and the '90s , and he 's going to be missed a lot . " -- Singer Freddy Cannon , who appeared on "  American Bandstand " 110 times "  Dick Clark was eternally young . No matter what culturally phenomenon was happening , he always embraced it . RIP ... " -- Def Jam Records co-founder Russell Simmons , via Twitter "  People liked the fact that he was still a fighter , that he had n't given up on life , he had n't given up on his health and he was still connected to the world of entertainment . " -- Jawn Murray , entertainment journalist	NEW : Stevie Wonder : "  He did n't do it from a soap box , he just did it " NEW : KISS ' Paul Stanley says Clarke was bigger in real life than his public image NEW : The Jacksons say he single-handedly redefined popular culture
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Couples in the African kingdom of Swaziland are being urged to get tested together as part of a HIV "  love test " campaign . A couple discusses the love test with a PSI member . Before the campaign , only 2 percent of couples got tested . The nationwide initiative -- funded by the United States government and implemented by global charity ` Population Services International '  PSI  -- is aimed at couples because tests can be useless if partners are not aware of the others ' HIV status . "  If partners get tested separately , they may not disclose the results and not get the support they need , " Dominic McNeill , spokesman for PSI Swaziland , told CNN . Only one in four people -- mostly female -- know their HIV status despite the fact that approximately 26 percent of the population in Swaziland is HIV positive . The charity says it also wanted to move away from the traditional HIV campaigning methods . "  We wanted to turn HIV on its head and move away from the fear-inducing campaigns we 've seen in the past , which do n't work . Instead , we focus on love , saying that it is love that should be contagious and couples should get tested together , " McNeill explained . Would you get tested with your partner ? Tell us in the Soundoff below But in a country where a macho culture still prevails , getting couples tested together has proved challenging . McNeill said : "  In Swaziland it is difficult to convince men to get tested as it makes them feel inferior . " PSI said it found that one of the most successful campaigning tools has been to directly target men in areas where they are often concentrated . "  We go to the places where men have their cattle disinfected and also work extensively in churches . We even have a testing facility in one of the countries ' prisons " said Iulian Circo , PSI 's country director . Watch PSI in action in Swaziland "  Men are the head of the family and we try to get them to own up to that responsibility . " PSI Swaziland received $ 3 million this year from the United States ' President 's Emergency Plan for Aids Relief  PEPFAR  and has so far spent $ 35,000 on radio , TV and print advertisements . Since the launch of the campaign in April , PSI -- which partnered with UNICEF and UNAIDS -- told CNN it has already seen a 25 percent increase in couple testing and a 400 percent in general testing year-on-year . And neighboring countries such as Zambia , Mozambique and Namibia have already shown interest in the ` love test . ' The tests are also quick and free . Offered in facilities in the four regions of the country , they take only 45 minutes , including a 30-minute counseling session and on-the-spot results . If results show one or both partners are HIV positive , PSI offers longer-term free counseling . The HIV campaign is expected to last until the end of the year and the charity is also partnering with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation -- which has donated $ 50 million to fight aids in the region -- to promote male circumcision , medically proven to lower the risk of getting the HIV virus .	Couples in Swaziland are being urged to get the HIV ` love test ' together Tests can be useless if partners are not aware of the others ' HIV status Only one in four know their HIV status and 26 percent in Swaziland are HIV positive The charity wanted to avoid the traditional fear mongering that surrounds HIV testing
Transocean Deepwater Inc. will pay $ 1 billion in civil penalties for the 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , after a federal judge in New Orleans signed off Tuesday on the company 's deal with the Justice Department . The ruling by U.S. District Judge Carl Barbier is a formality : the Justice Department and Transocean reached the deal last month . Under the agreement , Transocean will have two years to pay out the $ 1 billion in fines for violations of the Clean Water Act . According to the Justice Department , the agreement also requires Transocean to take steps to improve performance and avoid a repeat of the disaster , which began after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded nearly a mile above BP 's sea-floor Macanado well , killing 11 workers on board . The blast and ensuing fire damaged the rig and caused 4.9 million barrels of oil to leak out into the Gulf , according to a 2011 report by the National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling . In addition to the civil penalties , Transocean Deepwater pleaded guilty last week to a criminal violation of the Clean Water Act . U.S. District Judge Jane Triche Milazzo ordered the company to pay a $ 400 million fine , the second-largest such penalty in U.S. history . The largest was the $ 4 billion fine imposed on BP in November after the company agreed to plead guilty to felony manslaughter , environmental crimes and obstruction of Congress related to its role in the Deepwater Horizon spill . BP contracted Transocean to do the drilling and had BP officials on the rig . At the time , prosecutors said BP had a "  culture of privileging profit over prudence . " Much of the $ 400 million Transocean fine will be used to restore and rebuild the Gulf coast region , officials have said . A separate civil trial over the spill is set to begin Monday . That suit , filed by a large group of states , individuals , businesses and the federal government , seeks compensation from BP , Transocean , Halliburton and other companies involved in the disaster for damages incurred from the spill . The trial seeks to determine the cause of the incident and how much each company should pay . Barbier will also preside over that trial . In a statement issued Tuesday , BP said the demands made by plaintiffs are "  excessive and not based on reality . " The company will "  vigorously defend against gross negligence allegations , " BP general counsel Rupert Bondy said . "  This was a tragic accident , resulting from multiple causes and involving multiple parties , " he said . "  We firmly believe we were not grossly negligent . " Transocean spokesman Lou Colasuonno said Tuesday that company is also ready for trial . "  The facts of the case are on Transocean 's side and our legal team is fully prepared to start proving that New Orleans next week , " he said .	Judge accepts agreement between Transocean and prosecutors on oil spill fines Transocean will have two years to pay the $ 1 billion fine Transocean pleaded guilty last week to criminal violations of the Clean Water Act A separate civil trial begins next week to determine the cause of the accident
CNN  -- The pregnant coach of the Seton Hill University women 's lacrosse team was among two people killed Saturday when the bus they were on veered off the highway and crashed into a tree in southern Pennsylvania , authorities said . Kristina Quigley , 30 , who was six months pregnant with a boy , died from injuries at Penn State Hershey Medical Center , according to the Cumberland County Department of Public Safety . "  Her unborn child did not survive , " the county agency said . The 61-year-old bus driver , Anthony Guaetta , was pronounced dead at the scene . The bus was carrying 23 people , who were players or associated with team , when it crashed , authorities said . Three individuals -- a figure that does not include the driver , but likely includes Quigley -- were transported to Penn State Hershey Medical Center with serious injuries , the university said in a statement . Others received treatment for minor injuries , with eight going to Carlisle Regional Medical Center , seven to Harrisburg Hospital and four to Holy Spirit Hospital in Camp Hill . According to her bio on the school 's website , Quigley was in her second season as head women 's lacrosse coach at Seton Hill , a Catholic university outside Pittsburgh founded by the Sisters of Charity in 1885 . A Baltimore , Maryland , native and graduate of Duquesne University , she came to Pennsylvania after starting a Division II program at Erskine College in Due West , South Carolina . Quigley leaves behind a husband and a young son , Seton Hill said in a statement . A memorial Mass will be held in memory of her and the bus driver , and in support of all those injured , at 7 p.m. Sunday on the Pennsylvania campus . The chartered bus was heading from Greensburg to Millersville , where the Griffins were set to take on an opponent from Millersville University in a Division II matchup slated to start at 1 p.m. . It was traveling eastbound on the Pennsylvania Turnpike when it veered off the road near Carlise , struck a guard rail , traveled 70 yards through grass and then struck a tree , said Trooper Rob Hicks , a spokesman for state police . Rain and snow were falling when the accident occurred shortly before 9 a.m. , but state police do n't know yet whether the weather played a role , said Megan Silverstrim , a spokeswoman with the Cumberland County Department of Public Safety . The bus was owned and operated by Pennsylvania-based Mlaker Transportation , which issued a statement Saturday saying it "  is cooperating fully with police , officials from Seton Hill University and others to assist the student-athletes , coaches and others on the motorcoach . " The company said its been in operation for more than 40 years and "  places the safe transportation of all our passengers at the highest level . " The accident was still under investigation Saturday afternoon , a state police spokesman said . The National Safety Transportation Board is gathering information but has yet to decide whether it will investigate , said spokesman Keith Holloway . In an unrelated incident last month , a bus carrying the University of Maine women 's basketball team crashed on a highway near Boston , but no one was killed , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . The bus crossed the median and traveled into the woods next to the highway , authorities told WCVB . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Rain and snow were falling , though it 's not known if that led to crash , an official says A bus veered off the road Saturday morning in southern Pennsylvania Kristina Quigley , women 's lacrosse coach , dies at a hospital , the county says 61-year-old bus driver dies at the scene , authorities say
Afghan President Hamid Karzai received a petition Sunday with nearly 5,000 names endorsing a plea for the immediate release of a rape victim who has been jailed because of her attack and is being forced to marry her rapist . Kim Motley , a lawyer for 21-year-old Gulnaz , said the palace received the petition , which gathered 4,751 names in just over 48 hours , on Sunday afternoon . The petition comes with an official plea for clemency addressed to the president , who has the power to immediately pardon Gulnaz , currently in jail for adultery because her attacker was married at the time of the attack . Gulnaz was sentenced to 12 years after the attack as her rapist was married though that term was recently reduced to three years . Gulnaz 's plight gained international attention when the European Union blocked the broadcast of a documentary made about her ordeal saying that it would further jeopardize her safety . Gulnaz was raped two years ago by her cousin 's husband but did not immediately report the attack , fearing reprisals from elements of Afghanistan 's conservative society . Yet she conceived a child from the rape , and went to police after showing signs of pregnancy . She is now raising the daughter in jail and has agreed to marry her attacker in order to be released and legitimize her daughter . She also fears attack from her rapist 's relatives , something he denies is a risk . A spokesman for the attorney general , Rahmatullah Naziri , told CNN last week that her sentence had been reduced to three years , leaving about a year to serve . He explained that while the original sentence for adultery was reduced , she had failed to report her rape quickly enough and would have to serve further time in jail for that offense . The U.S. State Department , while not explicitly calling for Gulnaz 's release , said in a statement Thursday : "  Gulnaz 's situation is one no woman should have to face . Our heartfelt condolences go out to Gulnaz and her young daughter . We expect Afghan prosecutors to properly apply the law while also upholding Gulnaz 's rights . "	The petition is sent to Afghan President Hamid Karzai Nearly 5,000 people sign it in just over 48 hours The victim has been jailed because of the attack and is being forced to marry her rapist
CNN  -- Every sport has its gods . In boxing it 's Muhammad Ali , in soccer it 's Brazil 's Pele and in basketball it 's Michael Jordan , but this week India , already a country with no shortage of deities , paid homage to cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar . The 40-year-old 's final bow as a professional cricketer came Saturday as India completed an innings and 186 run victory over the West Indies on his home Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai . Tendulkar 's part in the proceedings on the final day amounted to a couple of overs of bowling , cheered to the rafters by a packed stadium , which could have sold out 10 times over . After the final West Indies wicket fell , a tearful Tendulkar held court with an emotional speech in which he thanked everyone who had supported him , particularly his father , who passed away in 1999 . "  Without his guidance I do n't think I would be standing in front of you , " he said . Tributes also followed for his mother , his wife Anjali and their two children before he turned his attention to his fanatical following in India . "  I know there are so many guys who 've fasted for me , prayed for me , done all sorts of things for me . Without all that life would n't have been like this for me , " he said . "  I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart and say that time has gone by rather quickly , but the memories that you 've left with me will always be with me forever and ever . " Many in the crowd were left in tears and they roared out his name in approval , grateful for his incredible career which saw him become the first man to score 100 international centuries . A further century proved out of Tendulkar 's reach in his final Test , dismissed for 74 Friday as India took command of a match they wrapped up the next day to win the series 2-0 . Our god But his fans will forgive him this relative "  failure " because Tendulkar is not just a sports star , but also an icon in a country of more than 1.2 billion people . His fans often wave placards at matches that read , "  Cricket is my religion and Sachin is my God . " Himself a devout Hindu , the diminutive 5-feet 5-inch all-rounder was well-known throughout his career as a modest superstar who never lost his cool either at the batting crease or in front of the cameras and fans . Former India captain Rahul Dravid told CNN that Tendulkar would be remembered as "  the benchmark " against which all the nation 's cricketers measured themselves . In a game where 100 runs -- or a century -- is regarded as the high-water mark of batting achievement in any match at any level , Tendulkar last year reached 100 hundreds at international level and now holds almost all coveted batting records except for cricket legend Don Bradman 's career average of 99.94 runs . Even "  The Don " as he is known in Australia -- the cricketing prodigy of the 1930s and '40s who was still alive when Tendulkar made his Test debut in 1989 -- once remarked on the Little Master 's prodigious talent . "  I saw him playing on the television and I was very , very struck by his technique . I asked my wife to come and have a look at him . Because , I said , I never saw myself play , but I feel that this feller is playing much the same as I used to play ... It was just his compactness , his stroke production , his technique , it all seemed to gel as far as I was concerned , " Bradman told reporters . Completing his stellar career , Tendulkar scored 15,921 runs in 200 Test matches at an average of 53.78 each innings , and 18,426 runs in 463 one-day international matches at 44.83 each time at bat . Shane Warne -- the famous Australian leg spin bowler and another of Bradman 's favorite contemporary cricketers -- rated him the greatest player of the modern game . "  Sachin Tendulkar is , in my time , the best player without a doubt -- daylight second , Brian Lara third , " said Warne , who said of the Indian that it was "  a pleasure bowling to him . " True sportsman Australian cricket commentator Gideon Haigh said Tendulkar was well-known for his grace under pressure in a sport better known in modern times for its towering egos . "  Certainly , he has left a strong imprint on his cricket contemporaries , " Haigh wrote in The Australian newspaper . "  They knew him , for example , for never throwing his bat after a dismissal ; he would sit down in the dressing room , reflect , but never brood . " In India , his popularity has reached beyond cricket 's stadiums and -- with a career unsullied by controversy or scandal -- he has become a marketer 's dream . With a net worth of about $ 160 million from endorsements , property and cricket earnings , according to Singapore-based Wealth X , Tendulkar is cricket 's richest player and the country 's biggest icon . Walk into any shopping mall in India , and there 's a good chance you will see Tendulkar on a poster or a billboard . He endorses 17 products including Canon , Visa and Adidas . Canon has spent $ 50 million on advertising over the past five years -- and half of that on Tendulkar alone . "  It has worked phenomenally , " Canon India 's senior vice president Alok Bharadwaj told CNN . "  We notice that the awareness of our brand is improving and since people respect him a lot there 's almost a subtle admission that if Sachin is saying it , then it has to be true . " Tendulkar is known to be choosey about what he endorses and will not , for instance , put his name to alcohol , despite large offers from corporations Despite his commercial success , the "  Little Master " says it 's always been about the cricket . "  The fact was that it was all happening because of cricket and my focus always stayed on cricket , the rest of these things happened around cricket and even today cricket is the focal point , cricket is the ultimate thing for me ... it 's that simple , " he told CNN in an interview in 2008 . CNN 's Gary Morley also contributed to this report .	NEW : Sachin Tendulkar makes tearful farewell to cricket Saturday The legendary Indian batsman is one of the greatest cricketers of all time An icon in India , his net worth is estimated to be in the region of $ 160 million Tendulkar was playing his 200th Test match as India beat West Indies
Berlin  CNN  -- A German man sent to prison over an incestuous relationship with his sister has lost his case that the conviction violated his right to a private and family life at the European Court of Human Rights . Patrick Stuebing had a consensual sexual relationship with his sister after they first met when he was in his 20s and she was a teenager . They had four children , two of whom are disabled , the court said . Stuebing lodged his case with the European Court of Human Rights after being sent to prison in November 2005 by a Leipzig court and losing subsequent appeals against his conviction for incest . But the court ruled Thursday that the German authorities had the right to ban incest . In convicting Stuebing , the German Federal Constitutional Court had "  considered that sexual relationships between siblings could seriously damage family structures and , as a consequence , society as a whole , " the court ruled . Stuebing , who was born in 1976 and lives in Leipzig , was adopted and grew up with no contact with his birth family after the age of seven , according to a court statement . When he reestablished contact with his birth family in 2000 , he met his sister Susan , eight years younger than him and then aged 16 . Their relationship intensified after the death of their mother , the court said , and from January 2001 they "  had consensual sexual intercourse and lived together for several years . " Their four children were born between 2001 and 2005 . Speaking to CNN 's Frederick Pleitgen in 2007 , Stuebing explained that he and his sister had fallen in love , and simply wanted to have their relationship legalized . "  We just want to lead a normal life , " he said . "  People harass us all the time and call us the incest couple . They have no idea who we really are or how it all happened . " Stuebing 's sister was not prosecuted by German authorities because she was considered "  only partially liable for her actions , " Thursday 's court ruling said . The sister "  suffered from a personality disorder and was considerably dependent on him , " the court said . An appeal can be lodged against the court 's judgment , which is not final , within the next three months . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Patrick Stuebing was sent to prison for his incestuous relationship with his sister He lost his case that the conviction violated his right to a private and family life The European Court of Human Rights ruled that Germany was entitled to ban incest "  We just want to lead a normal life , " Stuebing told CNN in a 2007 interview
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Three managers at a Bangladeshi clothing factory were arrested and accused of locking a main gate of the facility hampering people trying to flee a weekend inferno that killed more than 100 workers , police said . The arrest of the mid-level managers did not stop the continued protests of thousands in the capital city Dhaka Wednesday , as many mourned and called for a full investigation into what happened . Read more : Factory deaths highlight flaws in global supply chain The clothing factory , housed in a multistory building near Dhaka , caught fire Saturday night . More than 100 people were killed and at least 200 were injured as they rushed to escape the factory in Ashulia , police said . "  How the factory caught fire , I do n't know . But when we heard ` fire , ' we all rushed out and we were trying to get out of the factory , " said Parul Begum , a survivor . "  One factory worker broke a window and one of the workers pulled me through . After the fire , we tried to run out the door , but it was locked . When the floor  became  dark with smoke , the boys came to rescue me , " she said . The blaze is part of a rash of arsons , the country 's prime minister said earlier this week . The Saturday fire as well another factory blaze Monday were "  planned arson , " Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said Monday . Also two people were arrested Monday trying to set fire to an apparel factory on the outskirts of Dhaka , but local police said they had not yet found any links between the arrests and the other factory fires . Meanwhile , Wal-Mart Stores Inc. put some distance between it and the clothing factory , saying the factory was no longer authorized to produce merchandise for the company . "  A supplier subcontracted work to this factory without authorization and in direct violation of our policies . Today , we have terminated the relationship with that supplier , " Wal-Mart said Monday .	Bangladesh 's prime minister says arsonists were behind the deadly factory fire Protesters call for an investigation More than 100 people were killed in the blaze in Bangladesh Wal-Mart cuts ties with a supplier that subcontracted work to the factory
CNN  -- Japan 's new prime minister on Friday offered the world a vision of his country as a reinvigorated Asian power , pledging to restore its influence in a region where it is increasingly eclipsed by China . "  Japan is not , and will never be , a tier-two country , " Shinzo Abe said in a speech to members of the US foreign policy establishment , following his first meeting with President Barack Obama . "  It is high time , in this age of Asian resurgence , for Japan to bear even more responsibility to promote our shared rules and values . " Mr Abe 's declaration that "  Japan is back " could raise hackles in China , where a new leadership is keen to establish that country as a more dominant political force , befitting its position as Asia 's largest economy . Mr Abe , a conservative nationalist , referred to a rare increase in Japan 's military spending and made a forceful reassertion of Tokyo 's claim to the Senkaku Islands , whose ownership has been contested by Beijing , saying Japan "  simply can not tolerate any challenge now , or in the future " . But he also tried to assure US leaders that he was working to avoid escalating a dispute which Washington has made clear it does not want to be drawn into , suggesting he might be open to meeting Chinese leaders to try to ease tensions over the islands . "  The doors are always open on my side for the Chinese leaders , " Mr Abe said . China on Friday criticised Mr Abe after the Washington Post published an interview quoting him as saying Beijing had a "  deeply ingrained " need to challenge its neighbours over territory . Japanese officials said the quote was "  misleading " and Mr Abe had not said China sought conflicts with other countries . Mr Abe came to Washington seeking to erase a perceived ambivalence about Japan 's relations with the US that was created by the previous centre-left government , which Mr Abe 's Liberal Democratic party defeated in national elections in December . Japan has swapped prime ministers six times since Mr Abe first held the office in a short and scandal-marred tenure from 2006 to 2007 . One of his biggest challenges is to convince the Obama administration that his second stint will last long enough for him to follow through on his promises . Mr Abe has made a robust start , launching an economic stimulus programme of increased government spending and looser monetary policy that has lifted the Japanese stock market and pushed his poll ratings to around 70 per cent . Washington has been broadly supportive of the effort , even though it has led to a sharp fall in the yen that has alarmed some of Japan 's trade partners and prompted concerns about a potential "  currency war " of competitive devaluations . Mr Abe pressed his government 's case that a healthier Japanese economy would be good for the rest of the world . "  Soon , Japan will export more , but it will import more as well . The US will be the first to benefit , followed by China , India , Indonesia and so on , " he said . He also moved Japan a step closer to joining an effort to create a trans-Pacific free-trade zone . In a joint statement , Mr Abe and Mr Obama said "  all goods would be subject to negotiation " should Japan join the US and a group of mostly Asian countries in talks over the Trans-Pacific Partnership , but that "  it is not required to make a prior commitment to unilaterally eliminate all tariffs " . That wording appeared to be broad enough to allow Mr Abe to claim that joining negotiations would not break an election promise to protect Japanese farmers . "  It is my understanding that giving up all ` sacred areas ' is not pre-condition , " he said .	Japan 's new prime minister offered a vision of his country as a reinvigorated Asian power Shinzo Abe pledges to restore its influence as it is increasingly eclipsed by China Abe in Washington : "  Japan is not , and will never be , a tier-two country "
Editor 's note : Ron Paul is a Republican congressman from Texas who ran for his party 's nomination for president this year . He is a doctor who specializes in obstetrics/gynecology and says he has delivered more than 4,000 babies . He served in Congress in the late 1970s and early 1980s and was elected again to Congress in 1996 . Rep. Paul serves on the House Financial Services Committee . Rep. Ron Paul says the government 's solution to the crisis is the same as the cause of it -- too much government . CNN  -- Many Americans today are asking themselves how the economy got to be in such a bad spot . For years they thought the economy was booming , growth was up , job numbers and productivity were increasing . Yet now we find ourselves in what is shaping up to be one of the most severe economic downturns since the Great Depression . Unfortunately , the government 's preferred solution to the crisis is the very thing that got us into this mess in the first place : government intervention . Ever since the 1930s , the federal government has involved itself deeply in housing policy and developed numerous programs to encourage homebuilding and homeownership . Government-sponsored enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were able to obtain a monopoly position in the mortgage market , especially the mortgage-backed securities market , because of the advantages bestowed upon them by the federal government . Laws passed by Congress such as the Community Reinvestment Act required banks to make loans to previously underserved segments of their communities , thus forcing banks to lend to people who normally would be rejected as bad credit risks . These governmental measures , combined with the Federal Reserve 's loose monetary policy , led to an unsustainable housing boom . The key measure by which the Fed caused this boom was through the manipulation of interest rates , and the open market operations that accompany this lowering . When interest rates are lowered to below what the market rate would normally be , as the Federal Reserve has done numerous times throughout this decade , it becomes much cheaper to borrow money . Longer-term and more capital-intensive projects , projects that would be unprofitable at a high interest rate , suddenly become profitable . Because the boom comes about from an increase in the supply of money and not from demand from consumers , the result is malinvestment , a misallocation of resources into sectors in which there is insufficient demand . In this case , this manifested itself in overbuilding in real estate . When builders realize they have overbuilt and have too many houses to sell , too many apartments to rent , or too much commercial real estate to lease , they seek to recoup as much of their money as possible , even if it means lowering prices drastically . This lowering of prices brings the economy back into balance , equalizing supply and demand . This economic adjustment means , however that there are some winners -- in this case , those who can again find affordable housing without the need for creative mortgage products , and some losers -- builders and other sectors connected to real estate that suffer setbacks . The government does n't like this , however , and undertakes measures to keep prices artificially inflated . This was why the Great Depression was as long and drawn out in this country as it was . I am afraid that policymakers today have not learned the lesson that prices must adjust to economic reality . The bailout of Fannie and Freddie , the purchase of AIG , and the latest multi-hundred billion dollar Treasury scheme all have one thing in common : They seek to prevent the liquidation of bad debt and worthless assets at market prices , and instead try to prop up those markets and keep those assets trading at prices far in excess of what any buyer would be willing to pay . Additionally , the government 's actions encourage moral hazard of the worst sort . Now that the precedent has been set , the likelihood of financial institutions to engage in riskier investment schemes is increased , because they now know that an investment position so overextended as to threaten the stability of the financial system will result in a government bailout and purchase of worthless , illiquid assets . Using trillions of dollars of taxpayer money to purchase illusory short-term security , the government is actually ensuring even greater instability in the financial system in the long term . The solution to the problem is to end government meddling in the market . Government intervention leads to distortions in the market , and government reacts to each distortion by enacting new laws and regulations , which create their own distortions , and so on ad infinitum . It is time this process is put to an end . But the government can not just sit back idly and let the bust occur . It must actively roll back stifling laws and regulations that allowed the boom to form in the first place . The government must divorce itself of the albatross of Fannie and Freddie , balance and drastically decrease the size of the federal budget , and reduce onerous regulations on banks and credit unions that lead to structural rigidity in the financial sector . Until the big-government apologists realize the error of their ways , and until vocal free-market advocates act in a manner which buttresses their rhetoric , I am afraid we are headed for a rough ride . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Ron Paul : Too much government meddling in economy caused crisis Paul says the bailouts are another case of excessive intervention in economy The government is n't letting the market adjust prices to lower levels , Paul says Paul : Bailout will only increase financial instability in the long run
The Netherlands has apologized to Russia for arresting one of its diplomats in The Hague over the weekend , the Dutch government said Wednesday . The arrest by Dutch police of Russian diplomat Dmitry Borodin was a violation of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations , the Dutch Foreign Ministry conceded Wednesday . But the Dutch Minister of Foreign Affairs , Frans Timmermans "  recognizes that the police officers concerned were acting in accordance with their professional responsibility in responding to a reported situation , " the ministry said . Greenpeace vigil for ` Arctic 30 ' held in Russia , as Dutch file legal case The Netherlands and Russia are currently in talks on how to resolve this incident , it said . Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded an apology Tuesday . Sofia Sarenkova , spokeswoman for the Russian Embassy in The Hague , told CNN that on Saturday night "  four unidentified persons wearing police-like uniforms forced themselves into Mr. Borodin 's apartment with no authority or identification . "  He informed them that he was a Russian diplomat but they proceeded anyway , " she said . She said the men used physical force against the diplomat before handcuffing him and taking him to the police station , where he was kept for several hours without the chance to call the embassy , Sarenkova said . Authorities in the Netherlands have not said what report triggered the police action .	The Netherlands apologizes to Russia for arresting one of its diplomats in The Hague Dmitry Borodin 's arrest violated his diplomatic immunity , the Dutch Foreign Ministry says The Netherlands and Russia are in talks on how to resolve the incident
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal and second seed Roger Federer are through to the quarterfinals of the Monte Carlo Masters after straight sets victories on Thursday . Top seed Nadal , who is aiming for a remarkable seventh successive win on the Monaco clay , saw off local favorite and 13th seed Richard Gasquet 6-2 6-4 in 93 minutes . "  I 'm very happy how I played today , " Nadal told the official ATP Tour website . "  I think I played much better than yesterday . "  In general , I think it was a very positive victory against a very difficult opponent , " continued the Spaniard . Gasquet , who hails from nearby Nice , has now lost all his eight matches against Nadal , who is unbeaten in Monte Carlo since 2003 . Federer was also in impressive form as he cruised past 15th-seeded Croat Marin Cilic 6-4 6-3 . "  Today was another solid performance , which I 'm very happy about . I 'm happy that I 'm solid on my serve , " said the Swiss . "  That allows me then to get an opportunity , when I 'm returning , which could be the set if I can then break , " he added . Third seed Andy Murray maintained his revival with a 6-3 6-3 success over Gilles Simon while fourth seed David Ferrer of Spain continued his progress by crushing Canadian Milos Raonic , who made a staggering 40 unforced errors , 6-1 6-3 . Meanwhile , 11th seed Viktor Troicki is also through to the last eight after opponent Tommy Rodrebo was forced to pull out with a thigh injury while leading 6-3 1-2 . There was a shock when Ivan Ljubicic upset Czech fifth seed Tomas Berdych 6-4 6-2 -- and the Croatian veteran must now face the daunting challenge of stopping Nadal from reaching the semifinals . Talking about facing Ljubicic , Nadal added : "  He is a very experienced player . He played well against Berdych and it is going to be a really difficult match for me . "	Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer both reach the Monte Carlo Masters last eight Nadal defeats Richard Gasquet while Federer sees off Marin Cilic in straight sets Spanish top seed Nadal now faces Ivan Ljubicic , who shocked Tomas Berdych Fourth seed David Ferrer also impressive in brushing past Milos Raonic
CNN  -- European Champions League holders Bayern Munich have been drawn to face Manchester City in the group stages of the continent 's most prestigious club competition . The German champions are now led by former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola , who secured 14 trophies for the Catalan club during his four seasons in charge . Guardiola has a hard task repeating Bayern 's feats of last season when under Jupp Heynckes they won the Bundesliga , the German Cup and the Champions League crowns . At the draw in Monaco , Bayern 's Franck Ribery was also named European Footballer of the Year , beating Barcelona 's Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo , who plays for Real Madrid . "  It 's always nice to win this trophy ; it 's a special moment for me to be here , " he said . "  It was an extraordinary year for us , we 'd wanted that trophy for so long and to play at Wembley was fantastic . I think Bayern deserved to win the cup after such a long time . " Despite huge investment in their playing squad , and winning the English Premier League title in 2012 , Manchester City have failed to make it out of the group stages in the past two Champions League competitions . Russian club CSKA Moscow and Viktoria Plzen , from the Czech Republic , complete the line-up in Group D. Spanish champions Barcelona have been drawn in a particularly tough looking group alongside Italian giants AC Milan , Dutch title winners Ajax and Scottish champions Celtic . Celtic famously beat Barcelona in the group stages of last year 's competition , and booked their place in the group stages with a last-gasp victory over Shakhter Karagandy from Kazakhstan on Wednesday night . English side Arsenal face a tough test to emerge from Group F alongside last year 's beaten finalists , Borussia Dortmund of Germany , Napoli from Italy and French side Marseille . Carlo Ancelotti 's first Champions League campaign as manager of Real Madrid sees him face Italian champions Juventus , Galatasaray from Turkey , and Denmark 's FC Copenhagen . Jose Mourinho has been handed a favorable draw in Group E as Europa League winners Chelsea pulled German side Schalke , FC Basel from Switzerland and Romanian outfit Steaua Bucharest . English Premier League champions Manchester United will also be content with their draw in Group A as they face Ukrainian side Shakhtar Donetsk , Germany 's Bayer Leverkusen and Real Sociedad from Spain . French champions Paris Saint-Germain have been drawn alongside Benfica , from Portugal , Greek side Olympiakos and Anderlecht , from Belgium , in Group C . In Group G Portuguese side Porto have been drawn against Atletico Madrid , Russian side Zenit St Petersburg and Austria Vienna . The first round of group matches will be played on 17-18 September . Champions League group stage draw in full : Group A : Manchester United , Shakhtar Donetsk , Bayer Leverkusen , Real Sociedad . Group B : Real Madrid , Juventus , Galatasaray , FC Copenhagen . Group C : Benfica , Paris Saint-Germain , Olympiakos , Anderlecht . Group D : Bayern Munich , CSKA Moscow , Manchester City , Viktoria Plzen . Group E : Chelsea , Schalke 04 , FC Basel , Steaua Bucharest . Group F : Arsenal , Marseille , Borussia Dortmund , Napoli . Group G : FC Porto , Atletico Madrid , Zenit St Petersburg , Austria Vienna . Group H : Barcelona , AC Milan , Ajax , Celtic .	European Champions League group stage draw held in Monaco Holders Bayern Munich drawn in a group with big spending Manchester City AC Milan to face Spanish giants Barcelona , Ajax and Celtic in Group H Bayern Munich 's Franck Ribery named European Footballer of the Year
Washington  CNN  -- The State of the Union address is held in the U.S. House chamber , where lawmakers , Cabinet officials and Supreme Court justices crowd the floor . Dignitaries and other invited guests pack the balcony . Still more stand along the back and down the aisles . The hall is smaller than imagined . The din ahead of the annual event is broken when the main doors to the ornate room swing open and the sergeant at arms booms : "  Mr. Speaker , the President of the United States . " Dating to George Washington , there are few ceremonial moments like it in Washington , and the historic moment has never been lost on Hollywood . The address -- or the floor of Congress -- has been a character , title or storyline in several films and TV shows over the years . Remember the final scene in the movie Dave ? Or the opening of Episode 13 , Season Two of "  The West Wing ? " But you wo n't find the actual State of the Union address in the 1948 Frank Capra movie called , well , "  State of the Union . " Some appearances of the State of the Union addresses or dramatic speeches before Congress include : "  State of the Union "  1948 One would think that a movie named "  State of the Union " would include an actual State of the Union address . Nope . Maybe director Frank Capra was our nation 's first ironic hipster . Either way , the film does deal with the politics of running for president and Spencer Tracy apologizes to the woman he loves and to the American people through a radio address . "  Dave "  1993 In the 1993 film , the President of the United States falls into a coma after an embarrassing incident . So White House insiders scramble to look for someone who looks like him and keep up the charade . They find Dave . Played by Kevin Kline , Dave is an average Joe -- honest and kind -- who wants to actually help people . But the political powers want him gone and accuse him of corruption . In the key scene , Dave faces a joint session of Congress and the American people to address the accusations . After that speech , he 's not the president anymore . Life 's tough . "  The American President "  1995 While many would 've thought the climatic speech in this Rob Reiner-directed film featured Michael Douglas as president speaking before the joint session of Congress , the most dramatic and most quotable part of the movie was when Douglas , as president Andrew Shepard , spoke to a packed White House briefing room . Douglas defends his relationship with Annette Bening 's character and in the process , talked about gun control and climate control . "  The West Wing " -- Season 2 , Episode 13  1999 Played by Martin Sheen , Josiah Bartlet was the ideal president . His speeches were both passionate and pragmatic . In the episode "  Bartlet 's Third State of the Union , " he speaks before the American people while dealing with a hostage situation in South America . The entire episode was built around the speech . Political jargon ? Check . Melodramatic walk-and-talks ? Check . An Aaron Sorkin-induced speechwriting masterpiece ? Well , almost . "  The Contender "  2000 Jeff Bridges plays a shrewd President Jackson Evans and in the pivotal speech of this 2000 drama , he goes before Congress during the State of the Union address to speak out against sexism , challenging them to confirm the first female vice president . It 's a moving speech near the end of the movie , and you 'd be surprised how it turned out . "  Head of State "  2003 Sure , many of us would love Chris Rock as our president . In the 2003 comedy "  Head of State , " Rock runs for president and as expected , strikes a chord with the American people before hitting a few speed-bumps along the way . In the big scene , his character , D.C. alderman Mays Gilliam stops arguing with his opponent and instead speaks directly to the American people , touching on issues of foreign policy , crime , and even the pseudo-imperialism of American exceptionalism . But alas , while the setting looks like the chambers of Congress and the State of the Union , it 's not . "  XXX : State of the Union "  2005 This 2005 movie starring rapper Ice Cube is chock-filled with loud guns , loud hip-hop and really bad acting . But the actual State of the Union address does show up in this film , although it 's where terrorists kidnap the president . "  Commander-in-Chief " -- Season 1 , Episode 1  2005 We have had the first Catholic president , the first African-American president and , yet , we still have n't had the first woman president . On the small screen , Geena Davis played the part as President MacKenzie Allen in 2005 . In the opening episode of this ABC drama , the first woman president goes before Congress and talks of hope and aspirations and of American being a force for good across the globe . "  State of the Union "  2008 Another head-fake . Despite the title , there is no actual State of the Union here , either . Just a series of sketches performed by the experienced comedian Tracey Ullman , where she skewers American culture . Watching this 2008 comedy series on Showtime , though , was probably more fun than watching an actual State of the Union . "  W "  2008 Of all the movies on the list , this one clearly feels the most surreal . An Oliver Stone creation , it 's hard to judge whether the movie is actually a biography of George W. Bush as young collegian and as president . Josh Brolin does a fine job of portraying the 43rd president . In the film , Brolin convinces the country to go to war with Iraq . Interestingly , the speech that Brolin gives in the movie is an actual speech given by Bush while persuading the country to go to war , with the song "  What a Wonderful World " in the background and actual footage of real audience reaction weaved into the movie .	Several movies and TV shows have featured the State of the Union address Others have used the title , but the annual address never makes an appearance
CNN  Juergen Todenhoefer 's journey was a tough one : dangerous , but also eye-opening . The author traveled deep into ISIS territory -- the area they now call their "  caliphate " -- visiting Raqqa and Deir Ezzor in Syria , as well as Mosul in Iraq . Mosul , Iraq 's second largest city , was taken by ISIS in a Blitzkrieg-like sweep in June . Todenhoefer managed to visit the mosque there where the leader of ISIS , Abu Bakr al-Bagdadi , gave his only public address . And he saw the realities of daily life under ISIS , with all shops having to close for prayers in the middle of the day . "  There is an awful sense of normalcy in Mosul , " Todenhoefer said in an exclusive interview with CNN . "  130,000 Christians have been evicted from the city , the Shia have fled , many people have been murdered and yet the city is functioning and people actually like the stability that the Islamic State has brought them . " Nonetheless , he says , there is an air of fear among residents : "  Of course many of the them are quite scared , because the punishment for breaking the Islamic State 's strict rules is very severe . " According to ISIS 's leadership , the group 's fighters managed to take Mosul with only about 300 men , even though more than 20,000 Iraqi army soldiers were stationed there when the attack was launched . Todenhoefer spoke with several ISIS fighters who took part in the operation . "  It took us about four days to take Mosul , " a young fighter told him . "  So you were only about 300 men and you defeated 20,000 troops in four days ? " Todenhoefer asked . "  Well , we did n't attack them all at once , we hit their front lines hard , also using suicide attacks . Then the others fled very quickly , " the fighter explained . "  We fight for Allah , they fight for money and other things that they do not really believe in . " Glow in their eyes Todenhoefer told CNN the enthusiasm the ISIS militants showed was one thing that stood out . "  When we stayed at their recruitment house , there were 50 new fighters who came every day , " Todenhoefer said . "  And I just could not believe the glow in their eyes . They felt like they were coming to a promised land , like they were fighting for the right thing . "  These are not stupid people . One of the people we met had just finished his law degree , he had great job offers , but he turned them down to go and fight ... We met fighters from Europe and the United States . One of them was from New Jersey . Can you imagine a man from New Jersey traveling to fight for the Islamic State ? " He went on to say that one of ISIS 's main points of strength is their fighters ' willingness -- even their will -- to die on the battlefield . Todenhoefer met one somewhat overweight recruit in a "  safe house " who said he wears a suicide belt to every battle because he is too chubby to run away if he is cornered and would choose to blow himself up , rather than be captured . ISIS also has a track record of abusing , torturing and executing prisoners of war . Todenhoefer was briefly able to speak to a Kurdish captive while in Mosul . The captive claimed he had not been tortured , but Todenhoefer said he found that hard to believe . "  This was a broken man , " Todenhoefer said . "  It was very sad to see a person in this state . He was just very weak and very afraid of his captors . " Todenhoefer conducted the interview with the prisoner while several ISIS fighters stood guard . He asked the man whether he knew what would happen to him . "  I do not know , " the captive told him . "  My family does not even know I am still alive . I hope that maybe there will be some sort of prisoner exchange . " Child ISIS fighters Todenhoefer was also taken to see child soldiers outfitted with Islamic State gear and brandishing AK-47s . One of the boys seemed very young but claimed he had already gone to battle for ISIS . "  How old are you ? " Todenhoefer asked . "  I am 13 years old , " the boy replied -- though he looked even younger than that . One of the most remarkable episodes of Todenhoefer 's trip to the ISIS-controlled region came when he was able to conduct an interview with a German fighter who spoke on behalf of ISIS 's leadership . The man -- clearly unapologetic about the group 's transgressions -- vowed there was more to come ; he also issued a warning to Europe and the United States . "  So you also want to come to Europe ? " Todenhoefer asked him . "  No , we will conquer Europe one day , " the man said . "  It is not a question of if we will conquer Europe , just a matter of when that will happen . But it is certain ... For us , there is no such thing as borders . There are only front lines . "  Our expansion will be perpetual ... And the Europeans need to know that when we come , it will not be in a nice way . It will be with our weapons . And those who do not convert to Islam or pay the Islamic tax will be killed . " Todenhoefer asked the fighter about their treatment of other religions , especially Shia Muslims . "  What about the 150 million Shia , what if they refuse to convert ? " Todenhoefer asked . "  150 million , 200 million or 500 million , it does not matter to us , " the fighter answered . "  We will kill them all . " Beheadings The interview became testy when they reached the topic of beheadings and enslavement , especially of female captives . "  So do you seriously think that beheadings and enslavement actually signal progress for humanity ? " Todenhoefer asked . "  Slavery absolutely signals progress , " the man said . "  Only ignorant people believe that there is no slavery among the Christians and the Jews . Of course there are woman who are forced into prostitution under the worst circumstances . "  I would say that slavery is a great help to us and we will continue to have slavery and beheadings , it is part of our religion ... many slaves have converted to Islam and have then been freed . " The ISIS spokesman blamed the beheading of captured Western journalists and aid workers on the policies of the United States . "  People should really think about the case of James Foley , " he said . "  He did not get killed because we started the battle . He got killed because of the ignorance of his government that did not give him any help . " Even with recent gains by Kurdish forces against ISIS in northern Iraq , Todenhoefer sees the extremist group as entrenched , building state institutions , and that it shows no sign of losing its grip in the main areas it controls in Iraq and Syria . "  I think the Islamic State is a lot more dangerous than Western leaders realize , " he said . "  They believe in what they are fighting for and are preparing the largest religious cleansing campaign the world has ever seen . "  READ MORE : Fighting for Kobani -- from a distance READ MORE : Pentagon now calling ISIS "  DAESH " READ MORE : ISIS : Enslaving ` unbelieving ' women OK	German journalist and author Juergen Todenhoefer journeyed deep into ISIS territory He interviewed ISIS fighters , prisoners , and members of the public caught up in the battle for Iraq and Syria One ISIS spokesman told Todenhofer : "  slavery and beheadings -LSB- are -RSB- part of our religion " ISIS "  preparing the largest religious cleansing campaign the world has ever seen , " says Todenhoefer
Entertainment Weekly  -- They have come to glimpse the miracle . They have come to witness the revolution . They have come for "  Watchmen " -- the allegedly unfilmable superhero movie , the long-awaited adaptation of the comic book that changed the face of comic books forever . Billy Crudup plays Dr. Manhattan , a powerful superhero in "  Watchmen . " On this warm July morning , over 5,000 fans attending the annual geek pop summit known as Comic-Con have assembled inside the San Diego Convention Center for a first look . Many spent the night on the sidewalk . Some have come in costumes . Behind the stage , indie-movie icon Kevin Smith parks himself in front of a closed-circuit TV , a happy grin on his bearded mug . "  You have to understand , I 've been waiting for this moment for years , " says Smith . "  This is it , man . This is the pinnacle . " All this , for a violent , ironic superhero epic that does n't like superheroes in the first place . Directed by "  300 's " Zack Snyder , "  Watchmen " presents a set of familiar superhero archetypes -- and then subverts them completely . Rorschach  Jackie Earl Haley  is like the Spirit ... except he 's a joyless , hard-line misanthrope . The Comedian  Jeffrey Dean Morgan  is like Captain America ... but loyal only to sadistic thrills and a corrupt worldview . Nite Owl  Patrick Wilson  is part Batman , part Iron Man ... except he 's also a schlubby , impotent coward . Ozymandias  Matthew Goode  is the resident genius ... who 's built an empire on superhero toys .  You see what we mean by irony . Says Billy Crudup , whose blue , naked Dr. Manhattan is an almighty Superman dangerously detached from his own humanity : " ` Watchmen ' is a kind of thrilling thought experiment . What would people who dress up in costumes to fight crime actually be like ? Well , they 'd probably be fetishists who lived on the fringes of society . They 'd all be a bunch of freaking lunatics . " Yet for all its self-awareness and cynicism , "  Watchmen " is n't some cheap-and-silly "  Scary Movie " parody . Adapted faithfully , if not completely , from the celebrated 1986 comic-book series , Snyder 's film is visually and intellectually ambitious , filled with heady ruminations about savior figures , pop culture , and the politics of fear . At a time when superhero stories are commonplace and our shaken country is pinning its recovery on an idealistic new president , "  Watchmen 's " director believes his movie can serve as a bracing blast of healthy skepticism . "  Someone asked me if I thought that because Barack Obama had been elected president , the movie was no longer relevant . I said , ` Wow , that 's a very optimistic view of the future ! ' " says Snyder . "  The movie , like the comic , says , ` These superhero stories you 've been feasting on ? What if we took them seriously ? ' ... That 's the fun . " But fun for whom ? When "  Watchmen " hits theaters on March 6 , the comic-book cognoscenti will be there in droves -- although some are already sweating the heresy of dramatic changes . EW : What did n't make it ? And , for mainstream moviegoers , such talk of "  subverting superhero archetypes " is liable to elicit a great big "  Huh ? " EW : A "  Watchmen " primer "  Watchmen 's " financial backers are clearly hoping the success of "  The Dark Knight " has primed the market for sophisticated superhero films -- especially one that 's two hours and 41 minutes long . But where "  The Dark Knight " transcended genre conventions , "  Watchmen " wallows in them . Violently . Created by writer Alan Moore and artist Dave Gibbons , "  Watchmen " is most often praised as the comic book that brought respect and maturity to a medium long dismissed as juvenile . It was the fanboys ' "  Catcher in the Rye " -- and maybe their first Playboy , too . "  I was 13 when I read ` Watchmen , ' and it came to represent my coming of age , " says "  Lost " co-creator Damon Lindelof . "  I felt like ` Watchmen ' was this very , very bad thing that I should n't be reading , and if my mom caught me with it I 'd be f -- ing doomed . " Hollywood was similarly struck by "  Watchmen , " but has been much less successful at avoiding the doom . In 1986 , Twentieth Century Fox acquired the comic 's rights for producer Larry Gordon , but could never get an adaptation rolling . Over the next decade , "  Watchmen " bounced among many studios and between many before finding what appeared to be a happy ending at Paramount . But in 2005 , with helmer Paul Greengrass deep into preproduction , a Paramount regime change killed the project . Certainly , it 's a hard project to get your head around . "  Watchmen " is set in the year 1985 . The U.S. and the Soviet Union are on the brink of nuclear war , and the president is Richard Nixon , whose success at ending the Vietnam War  he asked Dr. Manhattan to blow up the Vietcong  has earned him five terms of office from a grateful nation . Conservative politics are popular , as are Indian fast food and pirate comics . But costumed heroes , once all the rage , are now outlawed . When the Comedian gets murdered , Rorschach tries to round up his old allies to investigate . They eventually uncover an insidious conspiracy hatched by an unlikely villain , one whose grand ambition is n't world domination but something else altogether . iReport.com : Will you watch ` Watchmen ' ? And that 's only half the comic . Hence , "  Watchmen 's " rep as the Unfilmable Graphic Novel . But tides changed in late 2005 when Warner Bros. acquired the property from Paramount  or at least they thought they did  with the hope of rolling on "  Watchmen " ASAP .  Warner Bros. is a unit of Time Warner , as is CNN and Entertainment Weekly . The studio turned to Snyder . At that point , the director had only done stylish TV commercials and the 2003 zombie remake "  Dawn of the Dead . " But he was also deep in the middle of shooting the studio 's action epic "  300 , " another adaptation of a brilliantly brutal comic , and the execs liked what they were seeing . Snyder 's approach was simple : He would remain religiously faithful to the comic . "  We treated that thing like a freakin ' illuminated text , " says the director , who embraced all the peculiar idiosyncrasies , from the Nixonian alternative America to the deep-dive digressions into character origin stories .  None of this faithfulness can please Moore , who feels that no adaptation can do his work justice and has taken his name off the film . The director also believed that an "  adult " superhero epic needed to be explicit about its "  adult " content . He wanted to hear the characters ' philosophical musings . He wanted to see the blood spurt . And instead of the chaste kisses of most superhero movie romances , he wanted to see some naked getting-it-on . "  I wanted to make sure everyone understood : This is not a kid movie , " says Snyder . "  Violence has consequences . And doing that with a PG-13 just dilutes that message . " And then there was the worry that all that effort was all for naught . Last February , Twentieth Century Fox sought to stop Warner Bros. from moving forward with "  Watchmen 's " release , claiming via lawsuit that Warner Bros. had not properly acquired the distribution rights . The dispute exploded in the media last August when a judge declared that Fox 's lawsuit had merit . "  How do you not know whether or not you have the right to make a movie ? " says Crudup . "  Hilarious . " But after months of intense press coverage that put "  Watchmen " in the mainstream eye , the two studios reached a settlement .  Warner Bros. and Fox both declined to comment . As for producer Gordon : "  It was unfortunate , " he says simply . Now Team "  Watchmen " waits to see if any of that notoriety can help make them some money . With a $ 100 million-plus budget and a running time of 161 minutes , "  Watchmen " will need to launch with a big opening weekend and strong reviews . So , will geek love -- and geek dollars -- be enough ? Snyder hopes so . He says he made the film for that crowd . "  I do n't think there ever has been a movie more custom-made for them . Not at this scale , " he says . "  And now they have an opportunity to really influence pop culture in a serious way , just as the comic influenced comics . They can say : ` These stories can be used to say something about the world . Give us more of them . ' " This is an edited version of Entertainment Weekly 's cover story on "  Watchmen . " For the complete story , click here . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Watchmen " movie , after years in the works , finally coming out March 6 Film based on classic graphic novel that influenced many Film does not shy away from controversial themes , violence in novel
Off Garden Island , Australia  CNN  -- Docked at the largest naval base in Western Australia Monday is a ship with a bright red hull and the weight of the world resting on the shoulders of its 30-member crew . To some , the ship represents their only chance at closure after the disappearance of loved ones on Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 . To others , it 's the best chance of solving one of the greatest mysteries in modern aviation . Departing just after sunset , the Australian Defense Vessel Ocean Shield sets out to the search zone in the southern Indian Ocean , one of the most remote places on Earth , some 1,100 miles off the coast of Western Australia . It will take three days just to get to this corner of the world , where waves are taller than many buildings , and the seas conceal mountain ranges . CNN asked to ride with the crew of the Ocean Shield to document their journey . But the mission is too long and too important to allow for the added burden of carrying journalists onboard . Anxious wait So we sit in a chartered fishing boat named Thunder and wait anxiously for the Ocean Shield to begin its journey . Our expectation of a Monday morning departure is quickly dashed . So we wait on the water , watching the boat and filing hourly live updates . The 6:30 pm departure time is pushed back an hour . At 7:30 pm , the ship still sits at the dock . The Ocean Shield finally departs just before 8pm , cloaked in darkness , only its deck lights guiding the way from Garden Island , out of Cockburn Sound , and into the Indian Ocean . We watch as the Ocean Shield makes its way up the narrow channel headed for the open sea , traveling so fast our 60-foot fishing boat ca n't keep up . "  We started out , he was running about 8 to 10 knots and started picking up speed , " says our captain , Ray Ruby . "  I think by the time he was doing about 15 knots we were still in the channel . " Battery race And there 's a reason that the team aboard the Ocean Shield is in a hurry . The batteries on the underwater locator beacons , or pingers , attached to the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder have less than a week before they 're set to expire . And these crew members are the only ones equipped to find them . They carry the latest technology from the U.S. Navy , including a towed pinger locator , or TPL-25 , a giant underwater microphone that will listen for the pings from the black boxes . Then there 's the Bluefin-21 , an underwater robot that can scour the ocean bed , looking for signs of wreckage . But there 's a problem . More than three weeks after MH370 is believed to have gone down in the southern Indian Ocean , no wreckage has been sighted . And that means the team aboard the Ocean Shield does n't know where to look . "  No matter how specialized or sophisticated this equipment is , it wo n't do any good unless that search zone can be narrowed , " says Commander Mark Matthews of the U.S. Navy , in charge of the 11-person team on board who will operate the TPL-25 and Bluefin-21 . Matthews says in order to have a hope of hearing the pingers , the search area needs to be reduced from more than 100,000 square miles  259,000 square kilometers  to less than 1,000  2,590  . And the only way to do that is for search teams to find and confirm debris from the airliner , and to use computer models that can trace back currents and conditions and help pinpoint where the plane went down . Disappointment But with each new day in the search zone , and each new discovery , comes new disappointment . Objects sighted by search aircraft and pulled from the ocean have no link to the missing airliner . And while the water is like glass here in Cockburn Sound and the waters are less than 100 feet deep , out in the search zone , it 's 14,000 feet to the bottom , with conditions that are some of most punishing on the planet . As the Ocean Shield opens up its throttle , we try to keep its striking red hull in sight , hoping to follow it on its mission for as long as we can . But then , a nearby vessel flashes an S.O.S. signal with its spotlight . Our captain makes the call to divert and try to help . "  Tomorrow it could be me , " Ruby says . We pull alongside , where we learn another charter boat has blown its engine in the middle of a busy shipping lane . As we tow the boat to safety , the Ocean Shield disappears on the horizon , closing the gap in its search for MH370 . Perhaps a few miles closer to finding even the smallest bit of closure for the families of the missing . And answers for the rest of the world .	An Australia ship has left port to try to locate "  pings " from missing airliner MH370 Some see it as the best hope of finding the vanished Malaysia Airlines flight It carries state-of-the-art equipment to detect pings from the black boxes But man in charge of the gear says it is no use unless search area can be narrowed
CNN  -- Google is well known for its elaborate campuses , offering employees extensive food choices , free haircuts , subsidized massages and plenty of ping pong . Some of the perks are built into its work spaces , such as a rock-climbing wall at its Boulder , Colorado , office or an indoor bicycle lane in Amsterdam . But overall , the tech industry has been setting the bar high for office aesthetics , using bright , open spaces and striking art . Here is a look inside -- and , in some cases , outside -- the offices of a few major technology companies .	The tech industry has been setting the bar high for office aesthetics Tech companies , especially Google , are known to offer unusual employee perks Some of the perks are built into the offices , such as a rock-climbing wall or an indoor bicycle lane
CNN  -- As Europe and the International Monetary Fund hammer out the the final details of an Irish rescue package worth tens of billions , the British government Monday offered a direct loan to Ireland worth $ 11.3 billion  # 7 billion  . The British Finance Minister George Osborne said the offer of the loan was in Britain 's national interest and that Ireland was a "  friend in need . " Osborne said that in addition to the offer , Britain would also be contributing to an international rescue package , adding that details of the British , IMF and Eurozone packages were still being worked out . "  Ireland is our very closest economic neighbor so I judged it to be in our national interest to be part of the international efforts to help the Irish , " Osborne told the BBC . Asked if the British commitment totaled $ 11.3 billion , Mr Osborne said : "  It 's around that , it 's in the billions not the tens of billions . " What does the bailout mean ? On Sunday Ireland formally requested substantial "  financial assistance " from the European Union and IMF , Prime Minister Brian Cowen said . "  I want to assure the Irish people that we have a better future before us , " Cowen said in announcing the request , as well as pledging substantial budget cuts and tax hikes . Ireland needs funds to shore up its struggling banking sector and buttress the government , which has poured billions into saving the banks . Fears about Ireland have pushed down the value of the euro against the dollar and put stock markets under pressure . But the request for help is unpopular in Ireland , and the government could be punished Thursday when there is an election to fill an empty seat in parliament . A small crowd of protesters demonstrated Sunday night , as government ministers left the press conference where the aid request was announced . One person was arrested earlier in the day for public order offenses at a demonstration outside government offices , police said . But European Union finance ministers welcomed Ireland 's request for assistance , according to a joint statement issued soon after Cowen 's announcement . The ministers agreed earlier on Sunday to take on the request and start negotiations , Irish Finance Minister Brian Lenihan said . "  Ministers concur with the -LSB- European -RSB- Commission and the European Central Bank that providing assistance to Ireland is warranted to safeguard financial ability in the EU and in the euro area , " the EU statement said . The central bank 's governing council likewise embraced the request , saying in a statement that a loan deal "  will contribute to ensuring the stability of the Irish banking system and permit it to perform its role in the functioning of the economy . " The IMF Managing Director Dominique Strauss-Kahn said , in a news release , that the international finance institution "  stands ready to join this effort , including through a multi-year loan . " Dublin had long publicly insisted it would not seek an external bailout , despite widespread concerns that a ballooning budget deficit and wobbly banking sector would further cripple the Irish economy . Yet a possible loan package was front-and-center during talks this week of European financial ministers . And officials from the European Commission , the European Central Bank and the IMF have been meeting officials from Ireland 's Department of Finance and the National Treasury Management Agency since Thursday , hashing out measures required to bring stability to the Irish banking system . Those negotiations now continue to determine the extent and guidelines for any aid package , according to Cowen , who said he expects a deal to be finalized "  in the next few weeks . " At Sunday night 's press conference in Dublin , which followed a meeting of Cowen 's cabinet , Lenihan said the country would ask for less than 100 billion euros from the EU and the IMF . Last May , those two bodies bailed Greece out to the tune of 110 billion euros  currently $ 150 billion  . Cowen said that the government planned to cut 6 billion euros before it wraps its current budgetary cycle on December 7 and planned to eliminate a total of 15 billion euros over the next four years . "  These targets already have the support of European -LSB- financial -RSB- ministers , " the prime minister said . "  These -LSB- cuts -RSB- will be difficult for everyone . " In part to meet its loan requirements , Dublin also will set out a comprehensive four-year plan detailing its deficit-reduction and other measures to shore up the Irish economy , according to Cowen . He said that while corporate tax rates would stay unchanged , income tax levels would rise to 2006 levels . In addition , Cowen said he 'd push new policies that would make Irish banks "  significantly smaller than they have been in the past ... so they can be brought on their feet . " Ireland shares the euro with 15 other European nations , and its perilous financial situations has raised concerns about a trickle-down effect on the common currency and the wider European Union . Responding to questions that a large outside loan might threaten Ireland 's sovereignty , Cowen said Ireland 's economy was already tightly tied into Europe 's and said "  support ... from our partners " encouraged him to support asking for their assistance . "  Our membership in the EU has transformed our country for the better , " the prime minister said . " -LSB- But -RSB- the task of rebuilding our economy falls to our own ... people . " Journalist Peter Taggart and CNN 's Jim Boulden and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : British government offers Ireland $ 11 billion loan offer George Osborne , British finance minister , says loan is in Britain 's interest IMF , EU ministers "  welcome " Ireland 's request for financial assistance Sweden may also offer separate loan to Ireland
PESHAWAR , Pakistan  CNN  -- As a little girl , Maria Toor Pakay would beat up boys . Maria Toor Pakay has overcome unusual adversity to rank among the world 's top 100 squash players . Now , she dispenses of anyone who takes her on within the walls of a squash court . Pakay , 18 , is Pakistan 's No. 1-ranked women 's squash player . But what makes her story remarkable is that she hails from the country 's tribal region of South Waziristan . The region , along the border with Afghanistan , is home to the Taliban . There , suicide attacks are a way of life . And the militants , bent on imposing a strict form of Islamic law , punish girls who attend school -- let alone play sports . "  They have no future , " Pakay said . "  They spend their entire lives in four walls in their home . Their ability is destroyed . " But Pakay was n't like most girls growing up . She sported a buzz cut and mixed with the boys . "  If someone argued with me , I used to beat them up , " she said . "  I wanted them to obey me all the time . " Her father , Shams-ul-Qayum Wazir , knew early on that his daughter was different . "  I did n't want her talent to go to waste , " he said . "  If I would 've kept her in the village , all she could do was housekeeping . " Watch Pakay talk about her life 's mission " So , Wazir packed up the family and moved to Peshawar , the capital of the North West Frontier Province . Here , Pakay picked up the racquet and swatted down the competition with ease -- first winning the Under-13 championship , then the Under-15 , then the Under-17 . In squash , players take turns hitting a ball to the front wall of a court , until one misses . Pakay , it turned out , rarely did . "  I thought nobody could beat me , " she said . "  From the beginning when I played squash , I thought I could be a world champion . " Today , despite the lack of a sponsor and few resources , Pakay has gone pro -- and is ranked 91st in the world . Her father 's sacrifice , she said , made her success possible . "  I think I have a great father -- so broad-minded , " she said . For his part , Wazir -- a teacher -- was more circumspect . "  I sacrificed because I want to promote a message of peace , " he said . "  If the tribal people pick up a racquet instead of a gun , there would be peace . "	Maria Toor Pakay , 18 , is Pakistan 's No. 1-ranked women 's squash player She hails from the country 's tribal region of South Waziristan , home to the Taliban There , militants impose strict Islamic law , punish girls who even attend school Despite risks , lack of a sponsor , Pakay has gone pro , is ranked 91st in the world
CNN  -- An Irish bishop resigned Wednesday following a government report into the sexual abuse of children by Catholic clergy -- the second to do so . Bishop Jim Moriarty was not directly criticized in the Murphy Report , but was a member of the Dublin archdiocese leadership for more than a decade before it put proper protections for children in place , he said . Moriarty said he "  should have challenged the prevailing culture " of protecting the church rather than children when he was an auxiliary bishop in Dublin from 1991 to 2002 . "  I know that any action now on my part does not take away the suffering that people have endured , " he said in a written statement . "  I again apologize to all the survivors and their families . I have today offered my resignation as bishop of Kildare & Leighlin to the Holy Father . I hope it honors the truth that the survivors have so bravely uncovered and opens the way to a better future for all concerned . " The Vatican had no immediate comment on the resignation . Moriarty has been a priest for 48 years , he said in the statement . "  I fully accept the overall conclusion ... that the attempts by church authorities to ` protect the church ' and to ` avoid scandal ' had the most dreadful consequences for children and were deeply wrong , " Moriarty said after the government report came out last month . Bishop Donal Murray , the bishop of Limerick , resigned on December 17 . Murray was named in the 720-page report that found the Archdiocese of Dublin and other Catholic Church authorities in Ireland covered up clerical child abuse from 1975 to 2004 . Child sexual abuse was "  widespread " then , the report found . The report by the Dublin Archdiocese Commission of Investigation , which was set up in March 2006 to look into the abuse allegations , did not say Murray was guilty of abuse but that he failed to report it . Murray was "  aware for many years of complaints and/or suspicions of clerical child sexual abuse in the archdiocese , " the report found . It said he dealt "  badly " with a number of complaints and suspicions of abuse , and that his failings in at least one instance were "  inexcusable . " Murray resigned under a canon law that requires bishops who have become unsuited for the fulfillment of their office to resign , the Vatican said . Pope Benedict XVI met with senior Irish bishops at the Vatican a week before Murray 's resignation and said he was "  deeply disturbed and distressed " by the report 's findings . He promised that the Catholic Church would try to develop strategies to make sure the abuses do n't happen again . CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome , Italy , contributed to this report .	Irish bishop resigns after government report on sex abuse of children by Catholic clergy Bishop Jim Moriarty was not directly criticized in the Murphy Report He was a member of Dublin archdiocese leadership before it put proper protections in place Donal Murray , Limerick bishop , resigned in December after being named in abuse cover up
ROME , Italy -- Italy national coach Roberto Donadoni has left Cristiano Lucarelli in his squad for next Saturday 's crucial Euro 2008 qualifier in Scotland . Lucarelli keeps his place in the Italian squad after scoring twice against South Africa . The Shakhtar Donetsk striker is in fine form and has been rewarded for his inspiring performance in last month 's friendly against South Africa , when he scored twice in the world champions ' victory . While Donadoni has again left out veteran forwards Filippo Inzaghi and Alessandro Del Piero , he has handed Juventus striker and Italy under-21 international Raffaele Palladino his first call-up to the senior squad . Donadoni 's squad is also boosted by the return from suspension of captain Fabio Cannavaro , Italy go into the clash in Glasgow third in Group B , two points behind leaders France and one point below Scotland . Italy end their qualifying campaign by taking on bottom side the Faroe Islands in Modena on November 21 . Italy squad : Goalkeepers : Marco Amelia  Livorno  , Gianluigi Buffon  Juventus  , Gianluca Curci  Roma Defenders : Andrea Barzagli  Palermo  , Daniele Bonera  AC Milan  , Fabio Cannavaro  Real Madrid  , Giorgio Chiellini  Juventus  , Fabio Grosso  Lyon  , Massimo Oddo  AC Milan  , Christian Panucci  Roma  , Gianluca Zambrotta  Barcelona Midfielders : Massimo Ambrosini  AC Milan  , Mauro Camoranesi  Juventus  , Daniele De Rossi  Roma  , Gennaro Gattuso  AC Milan  , Simone Perrotta  Roma  , Andrea Pirlo  AC Milan Strikers : Antonio Di Natale  Udinese  , Alberto Gilardino  AC Milan  , Vincenzo Iaquinta  Juventus  , Cristiano Lucarelli  Shakhtar Donetsk  , Raffaele Palladino  Juventus  , Fabio Quagliarella  Udinese  , Luca Toni  Bayern Munich  E-mail to a friend	Striker Cristiano Lucarelli keeps his place in Italy 's squad to face Scotland Lucarelli impressed by scoring twice in the recent victory over South Africa Juventus striker Raffaele Palladino earns his first call-up to the senior squad
CNN  -- Ethiopian forces attacked military posts in neighboring Eritrea to target "  subversive groups " it said operate within the country , reigniting tensions between the two archrivals . The ground assault Thursday struck bases used to launch attacks aimed at destabilizing Ethiopia , said Shimeles Kemal , an Ethiopian government spokesman . Such attacks are "  organized , supported and financed by the Eritrean government , " Kemal said at a news conference . The Eritrean foreign ministry described the incident as a "  provocative attack " and said it was intended to divert attention from Ethiopia 's continued "  illegal occupation " of Eritrean territory . The raid "  is part and parcel of the numerous unlawful and provocative attacks that have been going on intermittently in the past 10 years , " the statement said . The assault 16 kilometers  10 miles  into Eritrean territory reignites tensions between the two nations , which fought a two-year war from 1998 that left 80,000 dead . They have all but severed diplomatic relations since then . The military incursion was partly in retaliation to Eritrea backing groups responsible for atrocities in Ethiopia , the spokesman said , including a January attack that killed five Western tourists . Two other Germans were kidnapped in the northern region attack blamed on the Ethiopian rebel group , the Afar Revolutionary Democratic Unit Front or ARDUF , which the government accuses Eritrea of backing . Kemal said Ethiopia prefers to settle disputes with its neighbor through peaceful dialogue but stressed the nation will not ` hesitate to take proportional retaliatory action " if Eritrea launches more attacks . Eritrea won its independence from Ethiopia in 1993 after a 30-year war . Before the war , it was classified as a province . CNN 's Ashley Gallagher contributed to this report .	NEW : Eritrea says its neighbor staged a "  provocative attack " on its soil The raid targeted posts used in attacks against Ethiopia , an Ethiopian official says The assault reignites tensions between the two African nations Eritrea won its independence from Ethiopia in 1993 after a 30-year war
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton of New York retains her position firmly at the front of the pack of Democratic presidential candidates , with a poll Thursday giving her 44 percent of the vote , nearly double the 24 percent garnered by the next-closest candidate , Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois . Former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina was favored by 16 percent of the 458 registered voters who described themselves as Democrats or as independents who lean Democratic . New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson followed with 5 percent , Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware attracted 3 percent and Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio won 2 percent . Sen. Chris Dodd of Connecticut and former Sen. Mike Gravel of Alaska each attracted less than one half of one percent . While Clinton appear to be firmly entrenched as the front-runner , there is one important warning sign for the Clinton campaign . Among Democrats who did not graduate from college , she leads Obama by 26 points , but among Democrats with a college degree , Clinton has only a three-point edge . Turnout is much higher among college graduates , particularly in the primary season , so the Clinton camp may have to work harder to turn her lead in the polls into victory at the ballot box . A Washington Post/ABC News poll of Iowa voters released on August 3 had Clinton , Obama and Edwards in a virtual tie in that key early caucus state . Obama led with 27 percent , while Clinton and Edwards both had 26 percent . The CNN/Opinion Research poll , which had a sampling error of plus-or-minus 4.5 points , was conducted August 6-8 and involved telephone interviews with 1,029 adults . Since June , no candidate 's support has changed by more than one point . E-mail to a friend CNN Polling Director Keating Holland contributed to this report .	Sen. Hillary Clinton at 44 percent leads Democratic presidential nominees Sen. Barack Obama second at 24 percent , John Edwards at 16 percent Clinton only has a 3-point lead over Obama among college graduates
CNN  Anthony Sideri hit rock bottom while wrapped in a dirty blanket on the floor of a jail infirmary bathroom in Middleton , Massachusetts . He was 25 , shivering , sweating , throwing up and going through the full withdrawals of heroin . He had just robbed a bank after shooting up heroin all day . That was July 22 , 2007 , the day his life changed forever . It was the last time he used drugs , the first and only time he was arrested , and the first and only time to fully withdrawal from heroin . "  I knew that my whole world was over , and I thought I was going to die because I never had been so sick , " Sideri said . "  I had nothing to my name , and I did n't know if anyone else in the world even knew I was there . " Nearly eight years later , Sideri looks back on his drug-using days like it was another person 's life . Sideri was your average student in high school playing on the hockey team , occasionally drinking and smoking weed until he began using drugs on a daily basis . He ca n't pinpoint exactly when it started or how or why , but it got to the point where he was smoking marijuana before , during and after school , and experimenting with mushrooms and acid . "  Anything else that I saw , I would have tried , " he says now . His grades dropped , he lost his eligibility to play sports , but when he was drunk or high , none of that mattered . "  I did n't have to worry about what anyone thought , I could just go to a fantasy land and not have worries , " Sideri said . After graduating from high school in 2000 , Sideri began abusing Percocet and OxyContin , opium-containing painkillers . As his tolerance to the pills built up , he began snorting the drugs to feel the effects faster . Then he moved on to snorting heroin . "  I was n't getting the strong effects of OxyContin anymore , and I was already sniffing something else , so it did n't seem like a leap , " he said . "  It did n't seem like the heroin I grew up knowing about . " By 2005 , he had been snorting heroin daily for two years . Even as he was doing more and more drugs , he was in denial about his addiction since he had a job with his family 's wholesale snack supply business and a second job as a nightclub bouncer , worked out at the gym and had his own car and a place to live . "  On the outside , I had it all , " Sideri said . That all changed the day he stuck out his arm and had someone put in a needle . Once Sideri started shooting up heroin , his life spiraled downward in only four months . He was hiding from his loved ones and his drug problem was obvious to everyone around him . He still thought he could control his drug use and quit on his own . "  I really thought I could stop the next day , but I always had an excuse , " Sideri said . "  I was closed off from the rest of the world . ... I was n't even a part of it anymore . " By July 2007 , he had no more money to fuel his addiction . Out of "  pure desperation , " he robbed a bank in Danvers , Massachusetts , with another addict . "  Robbing a bank seemed like a way to get a lot of money fast , which equaled a lot of heroin , " said Sideri . "  That would hold me over for a long time ... I thought . " As Sideri describes it , his partner entered the bank and handed the teller a cell phone . Sideri was on the other end , claiming to have a hostage . The men left with the money and were caught after a brief chase . "  Getting caught never even crossed my mind , " he said . "  I was instead planning what I was going to do after : Get drugs . " That was the last day he ever used . Sideri spent the next couple of weeks curled up on the floor of a jail cell withdrawing , cold turkey , from his years of heroin abuse . He describes the withdrawals as like "  having food poisoning for three days straight , " combined with a burning , tingling sensation in his bones . "  I would flex and punch the floor to try to make it go away . I could n't stop it , and I could n't sit still , " he said . "  Boiling hot showers were the only thing that felt better . Burning , burning , burning . " He was convicted of larceny , conspiracy and threatening to steal from a depository for his part in the robbery . He spent a year in court-ordered rehab and another 22 months in jail . "  Jail was the catapult for me , " Sideri said . "  It finally made me say , ` It 's over . ' " Once released in 2010 , Sideri vowed to never let drugs influence his life again . He will be celebrating eight years sober this July and has made tremendous strides to repair his life . He is working full time as a salesman for his family 's business and is attending school to become a substance abuse counselor . He is married with a 1-year-old daughter . And he completed probation last month . "  I live a life of honesty and integrity , even when no one is looking , " Sideri said . "  I have a daughter who adores me and thinks I am her hero . And I can be , now . " It 's been a long journey . He spent nearly eight years rebuilding his relationships with his family , paying off debts , fixing his bad credit and rebuilding his reputation in his small town of North Andover . He wants others to know him as the hardworking family man he is now and not judge him by his past . He acknowledges that it 's always going to be an uphill battle for others to not to have a preconceived image of him . "  Many people only know about my robbery , addiction and jail time , " he said . "  They have no idea about who or what I am now . " Sideri says he hopes "  the ripple effects of being true to myself will eventually drown out the bad . " He already sees that happening when he Googles his name and the robbery is no longer the first story that comes up . He visits high school groups to help encourage students to not fall down the path he took and to encourage others to get help . "  Anthony was a great kid growing up , but he lost his way , " said Rick Gorman , executive director of North Andover Youth and Recreation Services . Gorman has known Sideri since he was in middle school , and tried to help him in high school . "  He is a perfect example that addiction does n't mean the end of the world . " To those trying to recover from drugs , Sideri offers two pieces of advice : 1 . Tell everybody . "  A lot of families and individuals tend to think or say , ` Do n't tell anyone , ' or ` No one has to know . ' The first step in recovery is honesty . When you hide any part of your mistakes or indiscretions , you are blocking yourself from being free from it . " 2 . Surround yourself with people who make you want to be a better person . "  If you hang out in a barber shop long enough , you 're gon na get a haircut . You have to honestly re-evaluate who you spend time with and remove people who are still using and making other bad choices . " Sideri has many new goals in life . One is to be an example of what recovery looks like and how an addict can truly change . The bottom line , he says : Recovery and long-term sobriety is possible .	Strung out on heroin , Anthony Sideri robbed a bank He had to go through withdrawal in a jail cell Overcoming addiction is possible , he says , as he 's building a new life as a family man
While Rafael Nadal was celebrating his 26th birthday , the two biggest threats to his hopes of a record seventh French Open title were battling to stay in the tournament . World No. 1 Novak Djokovic came from two sets down on Court Philippe Chatrier on Sunday to salvage his hopes of becoming the first man since Rod Laver in 1969 to hold all four grand slam titles . On Court Suzanne Langlen , 16-time grand slam champion Roger Federer fought back after losing the first set to a player who idolized him as a child and only gained entry into the main draw as a lucky loser from qualifying . Both advanced to the quarterfinals ahead of Nadal , who will take on Argentine 13th seed Juan Monaco on Monday . Jaded No. 1 Azarenka crashes out in Paris The last time Djokovic came from two sets down was against Federer in the U.S. Open semifinals in September , when the Serbian won his fourth major title . Since then he has added a third Australian Open to his collection , but his form in 2012 has not reached the stunning heights of last year -- when his 43-match winning run was ended by the Swiss veteran in the semifinals at Roland Garros . "  I played very badly , but I won thanks to my fighting spirit , " Djokovic said after struggling to beat Italy 's world No. 25 Andreas Seppi 4-6 6-7  5-7  6-3 7-5 6-3 in more than four hours on Sunday . "  He was the better player for the first two sets and I was fortunate to come through . But even at two sets down I still believed I could do it , and that 's about the only positive I can take . It was one of those days when nothing worked . " Seppi , appearing in the fourth round of a major for the first time , had won only two sets in losing their seven previous meetings . Nadal ready for first real test at Roland Garros Djokovic will next take on either French fifth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga or Swiss No. 18 Stanislas Wawrinka , having reached the last eight of a grand slam for the 12th consecutive time . Tsonga led 6-4 7-6  8-6  3-6 3-6 4-2 in a virtual repeat of his clash with Wawrinka last year when play was suspended due to fading light . Federer is through to his 32nd successive quarterfinal after beating 21-year-old Belgian debutant David Goffin 5-7 7-5 6-2 6-4 . The 30-year-old is now tied with American Andre Agassi on 36 last-eight appearances , leaving them second equal overall behind Jimmy Connors ' record of 41 . He will next take on either Czech seventh seed Tomas Berdych or 2009 U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina -- who led 7-6  8-6  1-6 6-3 when play was halted long before the Tsonga-Wawrinka match , despite appearing to struggle with a strapped-up knee . "  I thought he played really well . Great impression , " Federer said of his young opponent . "  He took the ball early every time . "  He 's got great potential in terms of his touch and the way he reads the game . I thought it was an interesting match . " Goffin , who told the crowd after the match that he had pictures of Federer on his wall as a child , was ranked 109th in the world when the clay-court tournament started but he will be up to 68th when it ends next Sunday . He won his first two qualifiers but was beaten in the third before a late reprieve after home hope Gael Monfils pulled out due to injury . "  I came out of the qualifiers and I played my best tennis in my first three matches . Then playing Roger was the cherry on the cake , " Goffin said . "  I wo n't hide the fact that I had photos of Roger everywhere on the walls of my bedroom . It was like a dream for me playing him here . " Goffin stunned Czech 23rd seed Radek Stepanek in the first round proper , then beat more experienced opposition in veteran Frenchman Arnaud Clement -- playing his home tournament for the last time -- and Poland 's Lukasz Kubot . He was the first lucky loser to reach the last 16 of a grand slam since compatriot Dick Norman did so at Wimbledon in 1995 .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic rallies from 2-0 down to reach French Open quarterfinals Serbian beats 25th-ranked Italian Andreas Seppi in more than four hours at Roland Garros Third seed Roger Federer also comes from behind to beat Belgian debutant David Goffin Federer joins Andre Agassi on 36 last-eight appearances in grand slam tournaments
Washington  CNN  -- It might not really matter if President Barack Obama made his case on Syria to the American people . He did n't really ask them for anything in his televised address but to sit tight and watch the graphic videos of chemical weapons on YouTube as the surprise diplomatic track he 's now chosen plays out . The question now for Americans on Syria -- rather than whether the United States should launch military strikes after the regime of Bashar al-Assad used chemical weapons on his own people -- is who they think is a better negotiating partner for Obama : Congress or Vladimir Putin ? "  All eyes are on the Russian president -- President Putin , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said on Wednesday . "  We all know that he was former head of the KGB . We all know about the KGB . He is president of that very big country and we are all so grateful that even though relations are n't perfect with Russia they are OK . " All eyes turn to U.S.-Russia talks There probably are n't many people in Washington who would use "  OK " to describe Obama 's relationship with Congress . Whether getting on this diplomatic track was a good idea or not probably has a lot to do with how you view the president and his leadership style already . It 's a bit more complicated than a simple choice of who he 'd rather negotiate with , but Obama essentially chose Putin . A brief flirtation with Congress suggested lawmakers were more than willing to reject a president 's request for the use of force for the first time in recent memory . On the one hand , after going from an imminent strike to seeking congressional authorization to taking a diplomatic route , critics have described him as being about as indecisive as an American president can be . On the other , the Russians and Syrians are at the negotiating table and Syria has promised to join the Chemical Weapons Convention . That 's something he tangibly achieved without dropping bombs . 5 questions : Did Obama answer them ? How he got there was messy . That 's the word his own staffer used . "  Messy is fine . Messy means progress , " an administration official told CNN 's John King as the diplomatic solution was presenting itself . Whether the solution actually pans out remains anyone 's guess . But that 's OK with most lawmakers , many of whom did n't really want to vote on Syria anyway . Even an unsure diplomatic solution is better than a military one for war-weary members of Congress . "  We do have to keep in mind an imperfect application of the Russian proposal is better than anything we can accomplish through the  president 's military plan  , " said Rep. Brad Sherman , D-California , in a speech on the House floor on Wednesday . Sen. Bob Corker , the Tennessee Republican who favored giving the president authority to launch military strikes , told CNN 's Dana Bash that the president is making it hard for Congress to work with him on just about anything . "  The president just seems to be very uncomfortable with being commander in chief of this nation , " Corker said , although he added that he hopes the new diplomatic track pans out . "  He just ca n't follow through , " said Corker , who was clearly frustrated that the president had n't made a stronger argument to the nation that when an American president draws a red line , no country should be able to cross it without repercussions . Obama will need senators like Corker to work with him now that Syria has been paused on Capitol Hill . Given Americans ' continued focus on the economy , this president may be judged more for how he handles the looming two-headed fiscal dragon of government funding and debt ceiling authority . Those issues will fester over the next two weeks until government funding runs out October 1 and the debt limit is reached as soon as October 18 . On those matters , he 's not going to get any help from Putin . He must figure out how to work with Congress .	Who is a better negotiating partner for Obama -- Congress or Putin ? The promise of a deal to remove Syria 's chemical weapons was an accomplishment Even a source in Obama administration described the situation as ` messy ' GOP ally on military strikes says Obama ` uncomfortable ' in role of commander in chief
With over 700 million active smartphone users , China 's mobile market is insane in scale . But sheer numbers aside , what makes it really impressive ? China has long been a mere manufacturer . Products , usually designed elsewhere , get assembled here . And when China 's mobile industry creates , it 's often churning out low-end handsets and that occasional shameless copycat app . But one former Silicon Valley insider says China is no longer a factory hub lacking imagination . It has become a hotbed of crazy innovation . "  People think about China as copycats , but they do n't expect to see the kind of innovation that they see here when they arrive , " says Hugo Barra , former Google executive and current Vice President of Chinese cult smartphone maker Xiaomi . Local spice Barra cites Didi -- a local taxi calling app with over 100 million users across 178 Chinese cities -- as an example of "  made-in-China " mobile innovation . He says its built-in messaging service to explain hard-to-find addresses and a haggling option to sweeten an offer during rush hour make it more than just "  the Uber of China . " "  Didi is a phenomenal example of the ` local spice , ' it 's an innovation that I like talking about , " says Barra . "  Because it 's an app for calling a taxi , there is no big deal in that . But the way it was built , it 's actually pretty clever . " When Barra ditched Google for Xiaomi last year , his move made international headlines . "  Some of my friends were astonished that I would move all the way out to China , " he says . "  But most of the people that I worked with are software engineers who knew what was happening here . They were n't as surprised . " Global app culture China 's mobile stars are gaining on their Silicon Valley rivals thanks in part to their marketing prowess and innovation . Xiaomi outsells the Apple iPhone in China . It claims to have a valuation of $ 10 billion , and plans to sell 60 million of its customized Android-powered smartphones this year in China and in its first overseas market , Singapore . Beijing 's Momo -- a networking and , yes , flirting app -- has over 100 million registered users . Launched for Chinese users in 2011 , it predates its Western rival Tinder . Shenzhen-based Tencent boasts a market cap bigger than HP . It has a vast portfolio of businesses including the wildly popular mobile messaging app WeChat . With 272 million monthly users , WeChat is not only a rival to Viber and WhatsApp . It 's turned into the extended operating system of China 's mobile millions . "  Starting from messaging , it 's now extended to e-commerce , gaming , socializing , and posting your pictures , " says Andy Tian , former Google exec and CEO of the Beijing-based mobile startup Asia Innovations . "  And it 's the only place where you can actually get a taxi nowadays on a street in Beijing . " Tina Tao , Chief Operating Officer for the startup incubator Innovation Works , believes WeChat is on its way to becoming a truly global brand . And it 's one of many more to come thanks to the global mindset of China 's mobile developers . "  They have adopted things not only from their local market , but from the Internet culture of other countries , " says Tao . "  So they have grown up with the global concept and global culture from day one . " Beijing blessings China 's mobile might is driven by a rich talent pool of globally-minded and highly-educated developers . Getting the blessing of Beijing does n't hurt either . "  The government is actively molding entrepreneurial innovation here all the way from loosening restrictions for new companies to reducing the annual audit requirement , " says Tian . "  Politics and innovation are actually aligned . " Barra concurs : "  I see the Chinese government as probably one of the most involved governments that I 've ever experienced when it comes to tech , in a positive way . " "  We can get introductions literally to any mobile operator who are partners that we work with , anywhere in the world , through the embassies , through the chambers of commerce and so on . There 's a system built to make these things happen . " And yes , this is the same government that censors the mobile Internet in China . But China 's tech players do n't see that as an operating risk , just the legal lay of the land . "  You want to build a good product or good community to fulfill your users , " says Tao . "  And second , you have to fulfill the government requirement . " China 's mobile stars are backed by Beijing , powered by top talent , and also road tested by some of the toughest customers on the planet . Tian calls China 's home market "  intense " in their mobile usage and is "  one of the hardest consumers to get money from . " In this environment , it 's best to keep the focus on the road ahead and not on any pirates or copycats who may come your way . "  We always say the idea is worthless , you need execution and do n't worry about your idea being copied by others , " says Tao . "  Otherwise , even if you have a good idea in the first place , you can not succeed . " It 's the mantra of China 's mobile mavens . Execute fast , or die . Three top Chinese mobile apps to know 1 . For networking  read : flirting  : Momo predates Tinder and has over 100 million registered users . 2 . For getting a cab : Didi has a built in messaging service and a haggling option . 3 . For everything else : WeChat is a mobile messaging service that has now extended to e-commerce , gaming , and photo sharing .	Contrary to its reputation , China is a hotbed of mobile innovation Beijing 's Momo flirting app predates its Western version , Tinder WeChat is becoming an extended operating system for millions of mobile users The government tries to make things easy for innovators
CNN  -- An Air France flight leaving Caracas , Venezuela , for Paris was stopped and searched on Saturday , after French intelligence alerted the Venezuelan government about the threat of an explosive device , a Venezuelan minister said . The evening Air France Flight 385 was grounded for a security sweep that involved explosives experts and a canine team , according to a statement posted on the website for Miguel Eduardo Rodriguez Torres , Venezuela 's minister of popular power for international relations , justice and peace . The statement quoted Rodriguez Torres speaking to Venezuelan state television as saying : "  The flight was suspended and  there was  a thorough review of the aircraft to confirm the situation , since allegedly a terrorist group planned to detonate the explosives during the flight . " He estimated the operation ran for four hours . It was not clear if the threat referred to a Caracas to Paris flight , or vice versa . Air France said in a statement that Flight 385 had been postponed before passengers boarded the plane "  in accordance with a decision by local authorities in relation to security measures . " It said all 279 passengers and 13 crew members would fly from Caracas to Paris on Sunday evening .	An Air France flight leaving Venezuela was searched after an explosive scare on Saturday The government was alerted about an alleged threat to detonate explosives The Paris-bound flight was postponed to Sunday after the operation ran for four hours
CNN  -- Last week our nation turned with grief to Prescott , Arizona , where 19 members of an elite firefighting squad perished in a raging wildfire . The media coverage of the tragedy has highlighted the dedication the men had to their work , to each other and to the families they left behind . What makes all of this coverage especially poignant is that , as early as this week , the names and heroic stories of these men might disappear from the headlines and fade from the public 's memory . For one thing , there are new tragedies : The plane crash in San Francisco that killed two people and injured countless others , the air taxi crash in Alaska that killed 10 passengers and the horrific train derailment and explosion in Canada . ' I miss my brothers ' : Survivor pays tribute at Arizona firefighters While these new accidents joust for our attention , how can we ensure that the memories of the firefighters , or the victims of the crashes , remain salient in our minds ? It 's a question with important real-world implications . After all , it is the lasting psychological impact of a tragedy that often determines whether the public will take positive , constructive steps in its wake , like donating money to support the victims ' families or pressuring officials to determine what went wrong , in order to prevent another tragedy like it . While we do n't have all the answers , psychological research has started to identify how stories like those of Prescott 's Granite Mountain Hotshots can inspire appropriate action and not just become forgotten . Feeling an emotional connection to a victim matters -- a lot . Studies suggest that feeling an emotional connection to one person does far more to stoke compassion than the cool rationality of numbers and statistics . In one eye-opening experiment , for instance , researchers Deborah A. Small , George Loewenstein and Paul Slovic found that people who read the story of a single , starving African girl donated more to an anti-hunger charity than did people who read an appeal featuring statistics on starvation in Africa . What 's even more astounding : The people who read the story did n't only donate more than the people who read the statistics ; they also donated more than the people confronted with the statistics combined with the girl 's story . This suggests not only that an individual 's story matters more than impressive statistics but that numbers actually stunt our compassionate instincts , perhaps because they make us feel overwhelmed and hinder our ability to identify with another human being . Moreover , it 's easier to foster an emotional connection to a single person in need than to a group , even a small group . A study by Israeli researchers found that people donated more money to help a single sick child than to a group of eight sick kids , even though the single kid and the eight kids were all identified in the same way , with their name , age and photo . Opinion : When heroes face down fire -- and fate News reports emphasizing the high number of casualties among the Granite Mountain Hotshots , such as by pointing out that these 19 lives are the most any fire department in the United States has lost on a single day since September 11 , might actually be making their story stick less in the public 's consciousness . Instead of trying to weave personal details about several of the fallen firefighters into a single story , news reports might be more effective if they focus on just one of the men at a time , including his photo and meaningful personal details . We 're also more likely to care about a victim when we recognize something specific that we have in common with that person . Studies have found that people are more likely to demonstrate kindness and generosity toward others of the same race or ethnicity , as well as toward people who share their taste in art , root for their favorite sports team or have the same birthday . This hit close to home when I first read about the Granite Mountain Hotshots . When I saw the name of the team 's supervisor , Eric Marsh , who died in the fire , I could feel my interest in the story perk up , and I 'll admit that I found myself scanning the rest of the article for a photo or more details about Marsh , solely because we shared the same last name . I knew we were n't related , but that simple connection deepened my personal investment in the tragedy . The lesson here seems clear : The more that stories reveal specific details about a victim , the greater the chance that they 'll help us see ourselves in that person and elicit our compassion . Supporting the families of the fallen Finally , images also seem to be critical . In that Israeli study , when people were given the chance to help either an anonymous sick child or a sick child identified by her name and age , the donation amounts hardly differed . But when a photo was added to the sick child 's profile , donations for her medical care shot up dramatically . In this light , releasing photos of the Granite Mountain Hotshots might help their story resonate with the public . But as we 've seen many times in the past , particularly with September 11 and Hurricane Katrina , stories often strike the deepest chord when they feature both photos of the victims and images of the tragedy that overtook them . None of this is exact science . The place of the Granite Mountain Hotshots , and others like the plane crash victims , in our hearts and minds will depend on a host of factors , including whether they 're overshadowed by subsequent domestic and international events . While these tragedies are still in our thoughts , perhaps the lessons from science can help us honor the victims with compassion and respect , and , in the process , prevent similar tragedies in the future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Marsh .	The 19 brave firefighters who died in an Arizona blaze may fade soon from memory Marsh : How can we ensure that we do n't quickly forget them or victims of plane crash He says the lasting impact of a tragedy affects constructive steps in its wake Marsh : Social science suggests that an emotional connection to victim matters a lot
CNN  -- The buzzword in gaming at Mobile World Congress was definitely "  quad-core , " and that 's likely to become an even hotter topic when Apple is expected to unveil its iPad 3 device next week in San Francisco . Game developers are pushing the very concept of portable gaming on tablets and smartphones at a breakneck rate thanks to quad-core processors such as NVIDIA 's Tegra 3 . "  Quad-core processors offer much faster performance for graphics-intensive activities such as high-definition video playback and high-end gaming as well as enabling the phone to handle multitasking with less effect on the user experience , " said Daniel Gleeson , a research analyst for IHS Screen Digest . "  This will make the smartphone a more compelling consumer experience , delivering PC-like performance . It also will increase the disruption that high-end smartphones will cause to adjacent products , such as handheld games consoles . " Microsoft exec : Quad-core arms race is ` ridiculous ' While Sony holds the lead in deep , portable gaming for those who pick up the PlayStation Vita device , game experiences for smartphones and tablets are quickly becoming more immersive . And at the moment , quad-core technology is the reason for that . Of course , Moore 's Law will catapult portable devices forward quickly . Tegra 4 is already on the horizon . "  These games did n't come to Tegra 3 by accident , " said Hassan Anjum , Tegra campaign managerÂ at NVIDIA . "  We 've been working with these leading mobile game developers for over six years to hone and refine their wares . Tegra 3 , with four performance processing cores , in addition to its fifth battery saver core , and a 12-core GeForce GPU , is putting console games on notice . " Here are five quad-core games showcased at the mobile tech event in Barcelona , Spain , that are worth looking out for when they go mobile later this year . These games already look console-quality . And they can even be played with a traditional game controller on an HDTV when you 're not on the go . "  Hamilton 's Great Adventure THD "  FatShark  -- It 's perhaps the best example of a console-quality game gone portable since this literally started as a downloadable PC and PlayStation 3 cooperative puzzle game . Players control adventurer Ernest Hamilton and his bird Sasha  separately offline on one tablet  as they explore 60 levels filled with puzzles . What 's most impressive about this nice blend of action and mazes are the visuals , which bring an assortment of rich interactive environments such as jungles and deserts to life in 3-D . "  Dark Kingdom THD "  GOGN Entertainment  -- Action role-playing games have defined console gaming from the early days . Developed in South Korea , this game promises a rich experience that will immerse players for days and weeks . Players assume the role of King Keizelic 's son and embark on an epic quest to find the lost leader . Along the way , gamers will battle huge bosses in settings that feature destructible environments . Of course , like any good role-playing game , players can hone their character through upgrade by collecting spirit and rune stones . The visually impressive game comes to life through technology such as PhysX destructible objects and gorgeous water effects . "  Golden Arrow THD "  November Software  -- This game is your traditional hack-and-slash fantasy action game . The title harkens back to the old Sega Genesis game , "  Golden Axe , " although this is a completely original title . "  Golden Arrow " lets players join up and take on assorted enemies together as they traverse landscapes ripe with cutting-edge special effects . The developer is making this game a showcase for tablets , from the intuitive touch controls to the high-end features such as high dynamic range lighting , lens flares , enhanced explosions and fire effects . What all of this translates to is a mobile experience that looks beautiful , although the frenetic pace of weapons-clashing wo n't leave much time for sightseeing . There 's also head-to-head gameplay for added replay value . "  Eden to GREEEEN "  iNiS  -- First there was "  Plants vs. Zombies . " Now the foliage is taking on alien monster trucks . In this colorful action strategy game from developer iNiS , players will battle an assortment of four-wheeled machines that have invaded Eden . Running on Unreal Engine 3 , the same technology that powers Epic Games ' "  Gears of War 3 " on Xbox 360 , this game makes use of visual effects such as explosions , smoke , fire and real-time cloud shadows to bring Eden to life . The action is fast and furious as players control assorted flowers and foliage against attacking machines , which are after the Euphoria that breathes life into the planet . Going green has never been so addictive . "  Zombie Driver THD "  Exor Studios  -- Zombies remain a hot genre for gaming , and this overhead-perspective horror game puts players behind the wheel of one of 13 different vehicles , including a firetruck and a bulldozer . These modes of transport can be upgraded with everything from flamethrowers to mini-guns . While mowing down the undead is part of the gameplay , other objectives include rescuing people who hide throughout the virtual world , transporting cargo and defending targets . Giant mutant bosses spice things up in this fast-paced arcade game , which features a dynamic combo system . This game looks as good as its PC predecessor thanks to all the Tegra 3 bells and whistles . PhysX brings the destruction to life in an assortment of challenging modes , including a 31-mission Story mode and an arena-based Slaughter mode .	"  Hamilton 's Great Adventure THD " is example of a console-quality game gone portable "  Dark Kingdom THD " was developed in South Korea and promises a rich experience "  Zombie Driver THD " puts players behind the wheel of one of 13 different vehicles
CNN  -- For as long as I can remember , I have wanted to be able to say , "  I 've run a 5K . " Unfortunately , I was so out of shape , it was hard to imagine walking 5 kilometers , let alone running them . When I found out the distance of the triathlon that I was going to be competing in with Fit Nation come September -- a half-mile swim , an 18-mile bike ride and a 4-mile run -- I decided that somehow , I was going to run a 5K and then some ... and that was that . What I never imagined was that my first 5K would be held in my honor , organized by my friends and family as a surprise , right down Main Street in my hometown of Allegany , New York . The "  top secret " planning all started right after my first Fit Nation trip to Atlanta in January . My girlfriend , Joy , enlisted the help of my children , my co-workers and my family . She picked the date , named the race , rented the space and worked out all of the major details , all without my knowledge . The day that I was told about the plans for "  Run4Wilbs , " I had mixed emotions . I was shocked that so much had been planned without me finding out about it ; there were more than 50 people at this point that knew and they were my close friends and my family . I was overwhelmed because I do n't like to be the focus of attention , and this race was named after me so I had no choice . I was also scared that I would n't do well in the 5K itself -- there were going to be a lot of people watching if I failed . Facing your fears head on In the beginning , the plan was to gather as many of my family , friends and community members as possible . The date of June 28 was picked because it was not only the day before my school 's graduation , it was also the last day of Old Home Week / Fireman 's Carnival ; everyone comes back to town that weekend . As race day got closer , the event got bigger and bigger . First , we found out that my former student-athlete , Maj. Pat Miller , was planning on attending . Pat was thrust into the public eye in April when he was wounded in the Fort Hood shooting . When I received his message saying that he would be walking in my race  he was still recovering from his third surgery  , I was at the end of a long run . All of a sudden my exhausted legs felt lighter and stronger , and I finished with ease . The day before the big day , I was greeted by a local TV reporter from Buffalo , New York , asking for an interview . As soon as the interview was finished , we got a call from New York state Sen. Cathy Young 's office . Young was not only going to be at the race , she was presenting me with a citation for making major changes to live a healthier lifestyle and inspiring not only my family and friends but my community to do the same . Senator Young at my race ? Are you kidding ?? We could n't have asked for a better day for the race . We got to the course at 6 a.m. to begin setting up . My family and friends started arriving about an hour later . That is when I started to realize just how big this was going to be . By 8 a.m. we had more than 200 people , there to either participate or just to show their support . When Senator Young made her presentation , by her side was New York state Assemblyman Joe Giglio . What I did n't know was that he had his running gear with him . He changed right before the race and ran with us . That blew my mind ! There were so many little details of that day that really meant a lot to me . For instance , my former high school track and field coach was contacted to be the starter of the race . So many of my colleagues came to work the race and help wherever they were needed ; more came to run or walk . To think that they we all there to support me was unbelievably overwhelming , to say the least . Fit Nation may focus on the Sassy Six -- strangers who were selected to do a single triathlon . But it 's also about making healthy changes , and inspiring our family and friends to do the same , and then taking that message to the community and beyond . I think we accomplished that with Run4Wilbs . At the end of the day , I said a lot of thank-you 's , shook many hands and gave a lot of hugs . I beat my 5K goal by over 30 seconds and decided that , based on the feedback from everyone involved  and many who wished that they could have made it  , Run4Wilbs is going to be an annual event . Same day , same time , same place . Save the date ! You have more to lose than pounds Why I gave up soda	Mike Wilber 's friends and family planned a 5K race honoring him Run4Wilbs took place on June 28 in Allegany , New York Follow Mike 's journey training for a triathlon on Twitter @TriHardMike
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Anyone expecting outspoken rocker Bruce Springsteen to spend his keynote address here at the South by Southwest music conference talking about his new No. 1 album or the politically divided state of the country may have gotten a surprise . Instead , Springsteen delivered a rousing , witty and personal history of his varied music influences -- from Elvis Presley to Bob Dylan to James Brown to Hank Williams -- punctuating his points by playing snippets of songs on a guitar . He also offered a little veteran advice for the thousands of young , unknown musicians who have descended upon Austin in the hopes of making it big . "  Stay hard . Stay hungry . Stay alive , " he said in his familiar rasp . "  And when you walk onstage tonight to bring the noise , treat it like it 's all you have . " Springsteen is at SXSW to help launch "  Wrecking Ball , " his 17th studio album , which voices his frustrations over what he sees as a lack of accountability by government and financial leaders for the country 's economic woes . Several members of his E Street Band were in the audience , and he and the band were scheduled to perform at a 2,000-seat theater Thursday night in Austin before kicking off a North American arena tour Sunday in Atlanta . Thursday afternoon 's event placed the current Rolling Stone cover boy in an unusual setting : Behind a podium in a packed convention hall -- and in the middle of the day , no less . Looking a little bleary-eyed , Springsteen took the stage 30 minutes late , carrying his notes on sheafs of paper , and immediately complained about the time . "  How important can this speech be if we 're giving it at noon ? " he asked . "  Every decent musician in town is asleep . Or they will be when I 'm done with this thing . " Springsteen began his talk by marveling at the thousands of bands , in almost every musical genre , who are playing Austin this week and how that would have been inconceivable to him as a young music fan . He then pointed out how fractured the music landscape has become and how hard it is for consumers with divergent tastes to gain critical consensus around an artist -- including himself . In what may have been an allusion to today 's manufactured pop stars , he argued that what matters most in music is "  purity of human expression , " not looks or labels or digital format . "  We live in a post-authentic world . Today authenticity is a house of mirrors , " he said in his hourlong talk . "  It 's about what you 're bringing -LSB- onstage -RSB- when the lights go down . " Springsteen then began recounting his personal journey through music , beginning when he first saw Presley on "  The Ed Sullivan Show " at age 6 . He managed to get his hands on a rented guitar , but his hands were too small to play it , so he just struck rock poses in front of the mirror . "  I still do that , " he said with a chuckle . As a teenager , he recalled gazing in wonder at the Beatles ' first record in a five-and-dime store . But the '60s band that made the biggest impression on him was Eric Burdon and The Animals , whose gritty rebelliousness spoke to him deeply . To make his point , Springsteen strummed a few verses from "  We Got ta Get Out of This Place , " with its chorus , "  We got ta get out of this place / , 'cause girl , there 's a better life/for me and you ... " "  That 's every song I 've ever written , " he said . "  That 's all of them . I 'm not kidding . " To show how The Animals ' songs shaped his own , he strummed a few chords from "  Do n't Let Me Be Misunderstood , " before segueing into "  Badlands " and its similar structure . "  Listen up youngsters ! " he said to laughs from the crowd . "  This is how successful theft is accomplished . " When it came to songwriting , Springsteen acknowledged he owes a huge debt to Dylan , whose lyrics gave voice to the turbulent '60s and who he called "  the father of my musical country , now and forever . " When Springsteen became famous in the mid-1970s , he and fellow singer-songwriters such as John Prine were given the dreaded "  new Dylan " label . "  The old Dylan was only 30 , " he said . "  I do n't know why they f *** ing needed a new Dylan . " Springsteen went on to cite his love of '60s and '70s soul singers such as James Brown and Curtis Mayfield , who played "  music of gritty determination , of the blues , of the earth . " He also drew inspiration from the lonesome-blues songs of country icon Hank Williams , which he said reduced him to tears . "  Country music was provincial . And so was I , " he said . "  I was not a bohemian , or a hipster . I was an average guy with maybe an above-average gift . " In his twenties Springsteen said he read a biography of folk singer Woody Guthrie , whose American protest songs "  spoke to me very deeply . " As if to prove it , he picked up his guitar again and led the South By Southwest audience in a few choruses of "  This Land is Your Land " before leaving the stage .	Bruce Springsteen delivers a personal history of his music influences at music conference Speaking to more than 1,000 people , he cites his love of Elvis , Dylan , Hank Williams and others Springsteen is at the South By Southwest conference to help launch his new album
CNN  -- As a child , Lee Yoon Jung used to hide underground with her classmates when the sirens rang at her school . The emergency drills were held in case of a North Korean attack . Lee , now 46 , has children of her own , who do not have such exercises at their schools in Ulsan , South Korea . It represents the attitude shift over recent decades of tension between the two Koreas . South Koreans have become accustomed to living next to their northern neighbor , which often releases bellicose statements and calls it a "  group of puppet traitors . " "  Even though there are still many threats , very significant threats like nuclear weapons , we are quite used to those , " said Lee , about her thoughts on the latest provocation from North Korea . Last month , North Korea announced plans to carry out a new nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches . The very next day , Pyongyang also issued a direct threat to South Korea , and warned of "  strong physical counter-measures " if the nation participated in U.N. sanctions . In South Korea , life carried on . For many people , domestic concerns far outweigh worries about inter-Korea relations . "  South Korea is always dealing with North Korea , there are always reports in the South Korean media that North Korea is threatening this and that , " said Karl Friedhoff , program officer of the Public Opinion Studies Center at the Asan Institute for Policy Studies based in Seoul . "  It 's a psychological thing where when you live under a constant threat , at some point you move on and it becomes life as usual . I think that 's what has happened . " The institute 's polls in South Korea indicate domestic concerns such as the economy and job creation heavily outweigh concerns about North Korea , even after a controversial rocket launch by Pyongyang in December that drew international condemnation . Even if North Korea tests a nuclear weapon , Friedhoff does not expect it to raise concerns in South Korea . North Korea 's failed missile launch "  did very little to move the needle on public opinion . Then , when it came to December , the thought was if this -LSB- launch -RSB- is successful , maybe that will do something . But it also did nothing to move the needle , " he said , referring to the polls on public opinion . "  If there is a nuclear test , I do n't anticipate that it 's going to have any effect either , " Friedhoff added . Lee said she was not too concerned about North Korea 's possible nuclear testing . "  If they have nuclear weapon , I do n't think war will start very easily , " she said . The economic interruptions to regional countries like China , Russia and Japan , would prompt the international community to prevent war and instability on the Korean Peninsula , she added . South Koreans tend to view North Koreans as a neighbor  33 %  or as one of them  32 %  , according to 2012 Asan Institute data . About 19 % said they considered North Koreans as enemies , 10 % as strangers and 6 % reported no interest , in a nationwide poll that included 2,000 South Koreans . North and South signed an armistice in 1953 that ended fighting in the Korean War but a formal peace treaty has never been signed . Since then , menacing rhetoric from Pyongyang has become part of daily life for Koreans , citizens said . "  There 's some difference between other countries views and Koreans ' view about this recent North Korea nuclear provocation , " said Yoon Dong Keun , a college student living near Seoul , who described heightened global concern outside of Korea . His friends received calls from their friends in the United States inquiring about their safety . "  Most of South Korea is not taking those actions as seriously as others , " he said . "  There are so many series of provocation and action . There 's few times the provocation came upright to a threat to our security . " In 2010 , the North shelled the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong leaving two marines and two civilians dead . Pyongyang claimed Seoul provoked the attack by holding a military drill off their shared coast in the Yellow Sea . That same year , North Korea was also accused of sinking a South Korean warship , killing more than 40 sailors . The incidents caused widespread anger in the South . "  We ca n't say a North Korea -LSB- incident -RSB- will never happen , " Yoon said . Regarding the latest nuclear testing , he said "  It seems like North Korea 's brinkmanship . They just want to blackmail or threaten other countries so they can get bigger aid or they can use or get bigger influence in other countries . " North Korea 's rhetoric has fluctuated in recent weeks . At the beginning of January , the nation 's leader Kim Jong Un struck a conciliatory tone on relations with the South , saying that removing "  confrontation " between the two sides would be important in bringing about their reunification . However , on February 1 , North Korea 's state-run media declared that "  peaceful reunification can never be expected on the Korean Peninsula and the Korean nation can never escape disaster unless the U.S. imperialists and the South Korean regime are eliminated . " On Sunday , the country announced that its leader had made an "  important decision " to strengthen the nation , although it was unclear . Despite provocations of a nuclear test , Seung Il Hong , a South Korean described the response of people as "  calm " and noted that stock markets in Korea and abroad had been stable . "  If Kim Jong Un attempts to do a nuclear test again , it will be the third time . I think the average Korean person has become relatively insensitive to North Korean nuclear tests , " he said . Hong also pointed to the efforts of South Korea 's president-elect Park Geun-hye who has called for shortening the required military service for men from two years to 1.5 years , as an indication that Koreans are not distressed over the provocations . South Koreans differentiate between the North Korean people and its leadership , Hong said . "  Most of the Korean people do n't seem to think the North Korean people are the enemy , " Hong said . They consider the government hostile to South Korea , he added .	South Korean citizens are accustomed to North 's threatening statements Threats to South Korea have become the norm , for many it 's not a source of concern Survey shows rocket launches and nuclear testing did not sway South Korean opinion
CNN  -- For the warrior or the would-be rescuer -- the heroes -- there is no time to appreciate what one click of a camera shutter means to a suffering nation . Six Marines still had an enemy to fight after they raised the American flag on Iwo Jima 's Mount Suribachi . Three would die in that 1945 battle . On Sept. 11 , 2001 , three New York City firefighters joined those who rushed to the World Trade Center to search for survivors who would never be found . Late that afternoon , they raised a small flag removed from a nearby boat . A monochromatic wall of gray debris soared in the background . "  There 's no self-pity in that picture , " said Capt. Patrick Burns , U.S. Navy liaison to New York , at the time . The photographs of the flag-raisings at Iwo Jima and ground zero quickly became icons , moments in time that galvanized Americans who found new solidarity and unity . And while the whereabouts of the Iwo Jima flag are known  it 's at the National Museum of the Marine Corps  , the fate of the World Trade Center site 3-foot-by-5-foot flag became a mystery . CNN Films ' "  The Flag , " which premieres Wednesday night on CNN , explores what may have happened to it . It 's a story replete with mystery . Within hours of its raising , the flag disappeared from the World Trade Center site . The makers of the film documented this by looking at the background of photos taken soon after . The flag that subsequently flew over Yankee Stadium as a patriotic rebuke to terrorism , and fluttered over the USS Roosevelt as the aircraft carrier sent missions over Afghanistan , was represented as the same flag that was raised . The original flag was "  either misplaced , stolen or secreted away by unknown forces in the chaos of ground zero , " the film 's directors said in a statement . Help look for the flag Raised flag became a national symbol Dishonesty was not behind the story of the flag 's travels , said Michael Tucker , who produced , wrote and directed "  The Flag " with his wife , Petra Epperlein . There were more important things to do than keep up with a single flag , which was quickly joined by several others . "  For  people who were down there , the most important thing for them was recovering people , even when they knew there were no survivors , " Tucker said . When an official was sent to pick up the flag a week or so later , he apparently received a larger flag , and it was flown at subsequent events . "  They had no reason to believe it was n't the flag , " Tucker said . The story of the missing flag includes a larger , more philosophical question : Is it the actual flag that is most important -- or the ideals it represents ? For its part , the WTC flag photo -- taken by Tom Franklin of the Record newspaper in Bergen , New Jersey -- quickly became a symbol . It was plastered on the cover of Newsweek , with the words , "  God Bless America , " and the image could be seen on everything from coffee cups to tattoos . "  Most people will see it happen once or twice in their lifetime -- where the whole nation stands together , " said Tucker . "  It was the worst of times and probably the best of America , " Tucker told CNN on Tuesday . The makers of "  The Flag " spoke with several photographers about going to ground zero and the heartbreaking scenes that awaited . The film is partly forensic , with an expert comparing photos of the original flag and others that appear to be larger . Among those interviewed were the couple who owned the yacht from which the flag was taken by a firefighter to hang at the WTC site . They wanted to donate the flag to the Smithsonian Institution and asked about a year after the attacks to borrow the signed flag briefly for a ceremony . "  When we got the flag , we were quite stunned that it was the wrong flag , " said Shirley Dreifus . " ... This wraps around the two of us , and we 're not the thinnest people on Earth ... So we knew right away it was the wrong flag . " Learn more than you ever knew about "  The Flag " Does it matter whether it was the real flag ? Woven throughout the film , which is based on a book by David Friend , are discussions about the powerful nature of a flag . "  We 're not a country based on religion or ethnicity , or even cultural heritage " Burns told the filmmakers . "  We 're a country based on ideas and a philosophy . And that 's what the flag is . " Jodi Goglio , who works for Eder Flag , said a flag "  makes you feel that we are bigger than just ourselves . " A young crew member of the USS Roosevelt wiped away tears as she described having the supposed WTC flag on board . "  It just makes what you 're doing so much more , wow , meaningful , " she said . When asked whether it mattered whether the flag was recovered , a visitor to the 9/11 memorial said , "  It would matter . It would matter to me . " Another said , "  I think it would to the families who lost their loved ones . " Among those who died were 343 firefighters . Thomas Koehler , a retired detective with the New York Police Department , said he would rather not know what became of the WTC flag . "  If you had the actual flag ... the cynic in me  would say  , people want it . You put a price on it . ... then it becomes something else . " Tucker got a firsthand taste of a flag 's power while making "  Gunner Palace " with Epperlein . Released in 2004 , the documentary tells the story of a group of American soldiers who fought in Baghdad . The Iraqi insurgency was growing , and Tucker , an American , wanted to leave in spring 2004 for his home , then in Germany . He stayed at a U.S. facility at the airport and awoke to find a small folded American flag under his pillow , a customary gift made by some group . "  I was so overwhelmed with emotion . That flag means home , " Tucker said . "  While that experience is not uniquely American , when you are thousands of miles from home , under stress , and you see the colors -- it reminds you of your people . " The Flag : What makes an image unforgettable ?	CNN Films production looks at flag raised at World Trade Center It became a potent symbol of unity across America While the real one went missing , did the substitute serve same purpose ?
CNN  -- A driver who confessed in an online video that his drunken driving killed a man now faces a homicide charge . A grand jury in Franklin County , Ohio , indicted Matthew Cordle on Monday on charges of aggravated vehicular homicide and operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol , more than two months after the deadly wrong-way collision . The 22-year-old 's online admission that he was to blame has been watched more than a million times on YouTube . Now , Ohio 's legal system must decide what punishment fits his crime . He is scheduled to be arraigned Tuesday afternoon . If convicted , he faces a maximum sentence of eight and a half years in prison , prosecutor Ron O'Brien said . Polarizing video "  My name is Matthew Cordle , and on June 22nd , 2013 , I hit and killed Vincent Canzani , " he says in the video posted last week . In the video , he recounts how he was out with friends , drank heavily and lost control the night of June 22 . Canzani , 61 , died when a wrong-way driver hit his Jeep on Interstate 670 near Columbus , Ohio . The video was posted on a website called "  because I said I would , " which provides a forum for people to make promises to others . Some viewers were impressed by Cordle 's apparent courage and his plea , "  I 'm begging you , please do n't drink and drive . " But some viewers thought the video was "  a crock , " in the words of one commenter on the video site , aimed at reducing Cordle 's probable prison sentence . Remorse called genuine Canzani 's ex-wife , Cheryl Oates , says she believes Cordle 's remorse is genuine . "  He said I made a huge mistake , and I 'm going to take what 's coming to me , " Oates said . "  You 've got to respect him for that . " Oates said Cordle should spend time in prison . But as a mother of two sons , she also feels pain for Cordle when she watches the video . "  It 's gut-wrenching coming from a mother looking at that young boy , and he just does n't understand the damage that he did , " she said . Lawyer : Leniency is n't goal Cordle has pledged to plead guilty and said on his video , "  I 'm handing the prosecution everything they need to put me away for a very long time . " O'Brien said the video has not influenced him to recommend a lighter sentence . "  We had a case against him based on the evidence as I know it before the video was filmed , " he said . Cordle 's lawyer , George S. Breitmayer III , said leniency was not the goal of Cordle 's video . "  Despite any speculation of his intentions , the video was meant to raise awareness related to the serious issues surrounding drinking and driving , " the defense lawyer said in a statement sent to CNN . "  In addition ,  Cordle  hopes his confession will offer the Canzanis some level of closure by avoiding any lengthy , drawn out legal proceedings . "	NEW : An Ohio grand jury has indicted Matthew Cordle In an online video , he confessed that his drunken driving killed a man in June Prosecutor : There will be no leniency based on the video Defense : Cordle wanted to raise drunken driving awareness , give closure to victim 's family
CNN  -- Soulja Boy faces three felony charges stemming from an early morning traffic stop in which police say they found "  a felony amount " of marijuana , firearms and "  a substantial amount of cash . " The 21-year-old rapper , whose real name is DeAndre Cortez Way , posted a $ 10,000 bond Tuesday afternoon after spending about a dozen hours in the Carroll County , Georgia , jail , according to a police spokeswoman . Soulja Boy was riding in a rented Black Cadillac Escalade with four other men on Interstate 20 about 50 miles west of Atlanta when they were stopped for a routine traffic violation at 2:30 a.m. , according to Temple Police spokeswoman Dana Rampy . Temple Police Officer Lat Gray arrested all five men after he found the pot , cash and firearms , Rampy said . The men were "  very cordial " and cooperative with police , she said . Each faces three felony counts , including possession of marijuana , possession of marijuana with intent to distribute and possession of a firearm in commission of a crime , Rampy said . Soulja Boy 's representatives did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment .	NEW : Soulja Boy posts $ 10,000 bond Tuesday afternoon The rapper , whose real name is DeAndre Cortez Way , faces three felony charges A Temple , Georgia , police officer stopped Soulja Boy and four others on a routine traffic stop
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- Fort Hood shooting suspect Maj. Nidal Hasan has replaced his lead defense attorney , John Galligan , it was revealed Wednesday . Galligan , the former Army lawyer who has been the lead attorney for Hasan since nearly the beginning of the case , was not present at Hasan 's arraignment Wednesday at Fort Hood . It is unclear why Galligan was ousted . The judge in the case asked Hasan if he had removed Galligan voluntarily and without outside pressure , and Hasan said , "  Yes . " The only other thing Hasan said in court was the names of his current lawyers : Col. Chris Poppe , Maj. Christopher Martin and Capt. Justin Oshana . Hasan , an Army psychiatrist of Muslim background , is accused of killing 13 people and wounding 32 others in November 2009 . Galligan had fought the Department of Defense for months to make sure his client gets a fair trial . He tried to get the Army to take the possibility of a death sentence off the table . But when Fort Hood Cmdr. Gen. Donald Campbell ordered that Hasan face general court-martial , he also ruled that Hasan would face possible execution if found guilty . Galligan issued a statement referring to his departure as a "  leave of absence , " but giving no details of why he is leaving the defense team . "  I have consistently argued that Major Hasan has not been treated fairly . I maintain that belief . As such , I deeply regret that my presence on the Defense Team has been interrupted . However , Major Hasan fully understands that I stand ready and anxious to resume an active role . " Galligan also said he and his family have been vilified for defending Hasan . In a telephone interview with CNN , Galligan maintained that he was not fired from the defense team . He was only released and he may be back , he said . However , Galligan would provide no reason for his removal other than to say it had nothing to do with his health or the fact that his family has been attacked . Galligan went on to say there are a lot of issues : "  Stay tuned . " Other than the change of attorneys , the arraignment was formal and quick . Hasan 's new lead attorney Poppe said they wished to defer entering a plea or any new motions in the case . Hasan did not have the option of pleading guilty . When a person faces a possible death penalty under the Uniform Code of Military Justice , the law prohibits a guilty plea . The judge set a trial date of March 5 , 2012 . Hasan appeared in court in standard-issue Army camouflage fatigues . The rest of the officers involved in the case have been ordered to wear more formal Army dress uniforms during hearings and the trial . He appeared alert during the proceeding , speaking frequently to Poppe . Witnesses at a preliminary hearing have identified Hasan as the man who walked calmly through a medical building on the country 's largest military base , shooting and frequently reloading his handgun as he shouted "  Allah Akbar , " which means "  God is great " in Arabic . Hasan was shot by Fort Hood police officers and has been paralyzed from the center of his chest down since the attack . He now uses a wheelchair . Aside from protecting Hasan 's rights , Galligan has fought to get him proper medical treatment while he awaits trial . For example , it took a lot of time just to get a blanket to keep Hasan warm during hearings in the well-air-conditioned courtroom . When Hasan was brought into court on Wednesday , he had no blanket but was wearing an olive green stocking cap on his bald head . He took it off during the hearing and put it back on just before wheeling himself out of the courtroom .	Suspect arraigned with new head lawyer No reason given for switch Army psychiatrist accused of killing 13 people in 2009 He faces a possible death penalty
CNN  -- Hey , young readers : Instead of another summer uttering the dreaded phrase "  I 'm bored , " how about meeting a NASA astronaut or building a working potato cannon ? Maker Camp , which kicks off its second year on July 8 , is different kind of summer camp for kids and teens . Instead of canoes and kickball , it has microcontrollers and robots . There are no bus rides or cabins ; camp can take place anywhere there 's a computer and an Internet connection . The camp is a free , six-week online program inspired by the maker movement -- the trend toward do-it-yourself culture -- and run by Maker Media in collaboration with Google . Maker Media also publishes Make magazine and organizes the Maker Faires . The virtual camp guides kids through daily DIY projects and connects campers to each other using the Google + social network . Each week has a different theme , and kids are encouraged to share their creations and ask questions during daily video broadcasts . The lifeblood of the camp are daily Google + Hangouts where makers , counselors and other special guests lead young viewers through a project . The day 's project and supply list is posted in the morning and the hangouts start at 11 a.m. PT  2 p.m. ET  . Participants must be at least 13 to have a Google + profile , but many parents of younger kids use their own log-ins and do the projects together . They can also be viewed on YouTube . "  It is like a camp . You go there , you choose an arts and crafts project or you choose archery and meet other people interested in the same things , " said Maker Media founder and CEO Dale Dougherty . This year , the camp will kick off with a live broadcast from the new Exploratorium science museum in San Francisco , where kids will learn how to build a motorboat made from a soda bottle . All the most popular projects from last year will be back , including robotic birds , intro to computer science and mold making . The first week is all about motion , but there are also weeks dedicated to music , games and special effects , such as usingg make-up and arduino pieces  open-source electronics  to turn yourself into a cyborg . Other projects might tackle the growing field of 3-D printing , which employs computer models to replicate three-dimensional plastic objects . On Fridays , the camp will broadcast from other locations for "  field trips . " Planned destinations this summer include the NASA Ames campus and a trip to see the Oracle Team USA 's America 's Cup racing yachts . Hands-on education The idea for Maker Camp originated with Google . Last spring , the company approached Dougherty with a detailed plan for a virtual camp where kids could participate in DIY projects from anywhere with an Internet connection . Google was looking for a project that would show-off the Google + platform , specifically Google Hangouts . Google is so involved with the camp that it has its name on all the Maker Camp branding , an unusual step for the company . Aside from the promotional opportunities , both companies hope the free camp can encourage more kids to get into building , tinkering , hacking and crafting . From there , it could spread into schools . "  This will infect education , " said Maker Media editorial director Ken Denmead . "  There is a desperate desire and need for this stuff . People want this kind of creativity and building in education . " Maker Media is helping drive the burgeoning maker movement , and many educators are jumping on board . They see these hands-on projects as a way to get kids excited about science and technology , which is increasingly important as the U.S. works to produce more science , technology , engineering and math  STEM  professionals . "  It is a gateway to STEM , but we 're not sitting there saying ` here 's the velocity of a rocket , ' " said Dougherty . "  By having these experiences , they do n't have in school , it encourages them to learn more about it . " Connecting kids over the Internet who are passionate about tinkering and science lets them know that they are not alone . But that does n't mean campers do n't get lonely . This year organizers are branching out into real-world meet-ups by bringing kids together in their communities to form their own minicamp cells . Last year , some librarians took it upon themselves to integrate the projects into their regular summer programming . This year , Maker Camp is doing an official affiliate program , working with 100 partners around the country . Each official partner gets a Maker Camp starter box filled with starter supplies , lesson materials and a guide . Organizers are n't sending out 3-D printers , but a surprising number of libraries already have their own 3-D printers up and running . Carla Avitabile , the teen librarian at the Marin Country Free Library just north of San Francisco , is doing her second year of Maker Camp . She says the projects can teach basic skills that adults take for granted . While building pistons for a Diet Coke-and-Mentos project , she found some kids did n't know how to use a screwdriver . Live from camp Most of the sessions will be broadcast live on Google + from the Maker Media headquarters in Sebastapol , California . There is no TV crew or elaborate video set up for the broadcasts . The camp organizers say their target audience does n't respond well to overproduced content , so they keep it simple and scrappy . A prefab studio has been set up on a grassy lawn behind the offices , a few steps away from the local community garden . Some days the camp will broadcast live from the Maker Media lab , a minimaker heaven filled with every tool imaginable , including 3-D printers and CNC manufacturing machines . The lab is staffed by paid interns and employees , led by Maker lab supervisor Sam Freeman , who looks the part of a young mad scientist in his white lab coat . The crew builds and tests projects for the magazine , such as a hexacopter , a homemade Segway and a mini-Tesla coil . A handful of librarians and former and future campers got a tour of the Maker Lab and studio and checked out one of last year 's potato cannons , which were actually used to shoot ping pong balls for safety reasons . "  We wo n't be doing that at the library , but awesome , " said librarian Lori Easterwood , who will be integrating Maker Camp into her summer program at the Sacramento Public Library . Camper Zack , 13 , is going to take part in the program for a second summer . Inspired by last year , he 's been working on a remote-operated vehicle that goes underwater and has a mounted camera . He hopes to finish it in time for his family 's summer vacation so he can drop it into Clear Lake in north-central California . "  I want to see if there are any catfish down there , " he said . Wherever the campers are tuning in from , participation is key . "  This is definitely not computer camp . We do n't want kids sitting in front of their computer , " said Michelle Hlubinka , the Maker Camp education lead . "  I 'm always so sad about the kids spending their summer looking at a screen . We want them to go outside ! "	The Maker Camp kicks off its online summer camp for teens on July 8 The camp is conducted over Google Hangouts and focuses on DIY projects Organizers hope the program will stimulate interest in technology , math and science
CNN  -- The president of Turkish football champions Fenerbahce has been arrested as part of a nationwide investigation into match-fixing . Aziz Yildirim was among three club presidents to be detained during a raid on 12 provinces which began on Sunday and concluded on Monday , according to the Anatolia News Agency . Fenerbahce vice-president Sekip Mosturoglu and the club 's new signings Sezer Ozturk and Emmanuel Emenike were also taken into custody , along with more than 50 others including former player and current staff member Cemil Turan . "  Club president Aziz Yildirim was detained in a probe into match-fixing allegations in the Turkish football league , " read a statement on the Fenerbahce website . "  We would like to stress our trust in our legal system once again , wishing that the truth will come on as soon as possible . Everyone should know that Fenerbahce Sports Club has never been and will never be engaged in any unlawful and illegal activity . We are proud of our clean and victorious past . " FIFA to meet with Interpol in match-fixing investigation Yildirim , who suffers from diabetes and high blood pressure , was taken to hospital for tests after falling ill on Monday before being returned to police custody , the Hurriyet Daily News website reported . Turkey 's ruling party , the AKP , said the arrests were part of its battle against criminal organizations . "  This shows that Turkey is quickly moving toward becoming a real state of law , " Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc said . Also detained in the operation were Sivasspor 's president Mecnun Odyakmaz , Giresunspor president Omer Ulku and former president Olgun Peker , Diyarbakirspor 's former president Abdurrahman Yakut and Mersin Idmanyurdu vice-president Besir Acar . Fenerbahce won a record 18th league championship last season on goal difference from Trabzonspor after both teams finished on 82 points . The club 's win over Sivasspor in the final week is among the matches being investigated , as well as the game against Eskisehirspor . Last month the Turkish football federation handed out lifetime bans to 11 people after finding that 17 domestic games were manipulated between 2008 and 2010 , while another 23 were suspended for between six months and three years .	Turkish authorities arrest football club officials in probe into soccer match-fixing President of Fenerbahce is among those detained along with vice-president Istanbul-based team won record 18th league title with victory in final week of season Turkey 's ruling party says the arrests are part of its battle against criminal organizations
CNN  -- The corpse of another man 's mother always looks like firewood from afar , so says an African proverb . Until recently , terrorism , war and the accompanying human carnage in far-away countries like Iraq , Afghanistan , Syria and many other troubled countries meant just more news of the crazy world out there . Not because of my lack of empathy , but distance can be a ready-made palliative for pain . Now , that distant and macabre dance of death that once seemed so far away on TV has come upon my country , Nigeria , with a big bang . Suicide bombing , towns and villages getting blown up , allegations of extra-judicial killings by the police and the military , kidnappings , terrorist attacks on government establishments -- total confusion and a lack of solutions to the violence is no longer just news , but a terrifying daily reality show . In the current wave of violence , especially in the northern and middle belt of the country , which has culminated in President Goodluck Jonathan declaring a state of emergency in the three states of Adamawa , Borno and Yobe , one is at a loss as to where the country is headed in its near future . Nigerian forces tout ` massive deployment ' against insurgents What has happened in Borno , a state in the northern part of Nigeria , in the past weeks is like full-scale war . A local official said recent attacks there , in the border town of Baga , left more than 185 inhabitants dead in unclear circumstances involving the military Joint Task Force  JTF  , the peace-keeping government outfit that has been effectively inefficient in all the troubled zones . The army , however , said no more than 36 people were killed . The burning embers of the Baga massacre had hardly cooled off when another attack was carried out in Bama , another town in the same state . According to the army , 55 people were killed by Boko Haram ; casualties including women and children were burnt alive . Watch this : Who are Boko Haram ? Following these deaths came yet another wanton killing of policemen and soldiers in another state . The dead , as usual , are a mixture of innocent civilians , military personnel , policemen and members of Boko Haram , the Islamic militant group that has been carrying out attacks since 2009 . The total break down of law and order and daily carnage made the governor of Borno , Alhaji Kashim Shettima , put the blame squarely on the doorsteps of his fellow politicians and the Nigerian government as the primary cause of the country 's state of insecurity . According to the governor , "  Underneath the mayhem of Boko Haram lies the underlying cause which is extreme poverty and destitution ... until we address some of these issues the future is very bleak for all of us as the current crisis is just an appetizer of things to come . Very soon the youth of this country will be chasing us away . " Read more : ` Massive ' numbers of Nigerian troops target insurgents The governor also gave his view of the current mindset of Nigeria 's political ruling class : "  The most important thing in Nigeria is about the last election and the next election , the only thing that is agitating our minds is how we can perpetuate ourselves in power . How much we can steal , how many mansions we can buy in Florida , Dubai and London , this is what agitates the minds of the elites of this country . " To hear this kind of finger-pointing and chilling words from one of those the rest of the country expects to resolve the conflict and bloodletting is quite enervating . A previously proposed panacea to the madness was the proffering of amnesty to Boko Haram members by the federal government , which it has so far refused . The whole amnesty idea to many observers bordered on the line of insanity and inanity . Two things -- the amnesty program that was first introduced to curb violence and pacify militants in the Niger Delta by the late President Umaru Yar ` Adua and continued by Jonathan , can not be said to be successful , as insurgency is still very much a clear and present danger in the Niger Delta . Secondly , it looks like crime pays in Nigeria when criminals and murderers are getting rewarded in the name of "  amnesty " every time they put a gun or bomb to the government and people 's temples . Wealthy Nigerians and multinational expatriates have become prisoners in a supposedly free country , constantly moving with heavily armed guards . For most , this has not proven effective as some of their armed guards have been outgunned by terrorists and criminals who mean business . Politicians are sometimes the worse off , and one can not help but reason that the poverty planted by the rich and the ruling class over decades of misrule has yielded thorns in the flesh of our country . Despite the declared state of emergency  which has received a mixed reception  , people are losing hope faster than a nailed tire . The insecurity is spreading to other parts of the country . Lagos is now taking on a new look of security consciousness . Many churches in the city have fully armed policemen holding AK47s guarding entrances during Sunday services . And it is no longer odd to walk into a cafe or restaurant and find armed policemen guarding diners , with guns resting among cutlery . The government seems to have keeled over and resorted to a full-blown military offensive , both land and air , against Boko Haram and its allies . It is too early to determine if this latest solution will abate the madness but it is horrifying for people to live with this kind of killing and uncertainty every day . When we now appear in foreign news segments we are right there with Syria , Afghanistan , Iraq ... places that are in full blown war and used to seem so far away . And the question trembling in most people 's lips now is -- are we also at war in Nigeria ? ` Are you in Nigeria ? Have you been affected by the violence ? Do you think the country is at war and , if so , how can it be stopped ? Add your thoughts in the comments below . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Victor Ehikhamenor .	Wave of violence has become a ` terrifying daily reality show ' in Nigeria , says Victor Ehikhamenor The current attacks raise questions about where the country is heading Despite the declared state of emergency people are losing hope , says Ehikhamenor
Benghazi , Libya  CNN  -- Three days before the deadly assault on the United States consulate in Libya , a local security official says he met with American diplomats in the city and warned them about deteriorating security . Jamal Mabrouk , a member of the February 17th Brigade , told CNN that he and a battalion commander had a meeting about the economy and security . He said they told the diplomats that the security situation was n't good for international business . "  The situation is frightening , it scares us , " Mabrouk said they told the U.S. officials . He did not say how they responded . Mabrouk said it was not the first time he has warned foreigners about the worsening security situation in the face of the growing presence of armed jihadist groups in the Benghazi area . The main building in the compound is in charred ruins . Disagreement over how attack began The suite where the body of the ambassador was found was protected by a large door with steel bars ; the windows had steel bars . His body was recovered after looters broke into the room . It appears his security detail left him in the room while they tried to deal with the attack . There are numerous questions about what happened at the consulate where protesters had gathered to demonstrate against the film "  Innocence of Muslims , " which reportedly was made in California by a filmmaker whose identity is unclear . Chief among the questions is what happened to U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens , who went missing during the attack . The State Department has not released details about how Stevens died , though numerous media reports have said the ambassador was taken from the consulate to the Benghazi medical center by locals . Clinton demands Arab Spring nations protect embassies He arrived at the hospital , according to the reports , unresponsive and covered in soot from the fire . A doctor was unable to revive him and declared him dead , the reports said . According to one of the Libyan security guards who was stationed at one of the gates armed with only a radio , the assault began simultaneously from three directions . Heavy machine guns and rocket - propelled grenades were used , according to the guard . He said masked men threatened to kill him at gunpoint for ` protecting the infidels . He declined to appear on camera for fear of repercussions . Ex-SEALs among Benghazi dead The February 17th Brigade -- a militia connected to the government but not part of Libya 's armed forces -- was closely involved in the rescue of the American staff trapped after the attack Tuesday night . After the consulate was attacked and set on fire , a number of Americans escaped to a safe-house in another part of the city . But that came under attack too . Mabrouk said he received a call from an official in Tripoli , who said he had been called by a "  terrified " American in Benghazi . The official was at the safe-house . Mabrouk says the Brigade asked the Americans if they needed help -- but were told that while the situation was dangerous , it was under control . A few hours later , Mabrouk said he received another call from Tripoli about the arrival of a U.S. team at Benghazi airport that needed transport into the city . He met the seven Americans , who were heavily armed but not in military uniform , on the runway and provided them with an armed escort , he said . As soon as the two vehicles carrying the seven Americans arrived at the safe house , they came under intense attack -- including a volley of grenades and machine-gun fire . The assailants then fled . The Libyan government has vowed to bring the perpetrators of the attack to justice . But on a visit to the heavily-damaged consulate , the country 's president said Libya expected help form its friends in the international community . Asked whether the government was not capable of controlling extremist groups , he responded "  You are not far from the truth . " What the Mideast protests reveal	Local official says he warned U.S. diplomats about security in the area "  The situation is frightening , it scares us , " the official says He says it was not the first time he warned foreigners about the worsening security
Cleveland  CNN  -- When her chance came , kidnapping victim Michelle Knight lit into Ariel Castro , the man who held her captive and raped her in his Cleveland home for a decade . "  You took 11 years of my life away , " she said . "  I spent 11 years in hell . Now , your hell is just beginning . " In handing down a sentence of life without parole plus 1,000 years in prison , Judge Michael Russo told the kidnapper there was no place in the world for his brand of criminal . Castro 's first stop after country jail will be the Lorain prison in Grafton , Ohio , where officials will evaluate him and decide where he will serve his sentence . "  You do n't deserve to be out in our community , " Russo told the defendant , explaining he would never leave prison . "  You 're too dangerous . " Castro pleaded guilty last week to 937 counts , including murder and kidnapping , in exchange for the death penalty being taken off the table . The charges stem from his kidnapping , rape and assault of three women : Knight , abducted in 2002 ; Georgina DeJesus , abducted in 2004 ; and Amanda Berry ; abducted in 2003 . Castro is the father of Berry 's 6-year-old girl , DNA tests confirmed . All three women kept diaries with Castro 's permission , providing many of the details of their abuse . Berry and DeJesus , who did not attend the hearing , sent family members to deliver impact statements on their behalves , while Knight , 32 , chose to address her abductor head-on . "  I cried every night . I was so alone . I worried what would happen to me and the other girls every day , " she said , promising to overcome the experience . "  I will live on . You will die a little every day . " She said her friendship with DeJesus was the only positive element of her years in captivity and expressed gratitude that her "  teammate " was there to save her when she was "  dying from his abuse . " In a pre-sentencing evaluation , Dr. Frank Ochberg , a pioneer in trauma science , wrote that Knight suffered "  the longest and most severely . " "  It was Michelle who served as doctor , nurse , midwife and pediatrician during the birth  of Berry 's child  . She breathed life into that infant when she was n't breathing , " he wrote . "  At other times , she interceded when Castro sought to abuse Gina , interposing herself and absorbing physical and sexual trauma . But each survivor had a will to prevail and used that will to live through the ordeal . " "  Happy household " Despite his repeated insistence that he was n't making excuses for his conduct , Castro played the victim , saying he was addicted to porn and masturbation . In his oft-disjointed statement , he referred to himself as "  very emotional " and "  a happy person inside . " Castro appeared to blame the victims and accused them of lying about their treatment . He went on to say that none of the women was a virgin when he abducted them , that they wanted sex and there was "  harmony " in the "  happy household . " Castro even claimed that no one cared enough about Knight to search for her after her after she disappeared . "  I 'm not a monster . I 'm just sick . I have an addiction , just like an alcoholic has an addiction , " he said . "  God as my witness , I never beat these women like they 're trying to say that I did . I never tortured them . " When Castro finished his statement , Russo dubbed him a "  violent sexual predator " and thanked Knight for showing "  remarkable restraint " during the hearing . Ariel Castro 's son : I wo n't visit dad in prison Wearing eyeglasses and an orange prison uniform , the shackled Castro characterized his crimes in a far gentler light than the book-length indictment handed down against him : "  I 'm not a violent person . I simply kept them there so they could n't leave . " Testimony from authorities and mental health experts did n't jibe with Castro 's recollection , however . Police recalled how the women were forced to play Russian roulette and how Castro would throw money at them after raping them . Det. David Jacobs of the Cuyahoga County Sheriff 's Office testified he 'd also show a gun "  to the girls as a form of control . " It was all to "  purely satisfy his sexual needs , " Jacobs said . " ' I knew what I did was wrong . ' He said that more than once . " Castro 's 1,400-square-foot home was reconfigured to keep their whereabouts a secret , FBI agent Andrew Burke testified . The back door was outfitted with an alarm , bedspreads and curtains obscured parts of them home and a porch swing was placed in front of the stairs leading to the rooms where Castro held the women and girl hostage . Police also testified Castro would chain the women to objects , including a support pole in his basement . In the room where Berry and her daughter were held , the doorknob was removed , a lock was affixed to the outside and a hole was cut through the door for ventilation because the windows had been boarded up from the inside , Burke said . Burke also described a handwritten letter in which Castro claimed he had been sexually abused as a child and wrote , "  I am a sexual predator . " "  You saved us ! " The first police officer on the scene , Barbara Johnson , recalled for the court how she and another officer heard the pitter-patter of footsteps in a dark room where Knight and DeJesus were held . When the captive women realized they were police , Knight "  literally launched herself " onto an officer , "  legs , arms , just choking him . She just kept repeating , ` You saved us ! You saved us ! ' " Johnson said . The women were described as scared , pale , malnourished and dehydrated when they were rescued . Dr. Gerald Maloney , who was in the emergency room when the victims arrived , said Knight requested that no male physicians attend to her . Several witnesses said the women told them stories of being physically abused and deprived of food , and Det. Andrew Harasimchuk told the judge the women were raped "  vaginally , orally and anally " during their captivity . Multiple officers testified that Castro appeared to show no remorse for his crimes , and prosecutor Anna Faraglia said he "  tormented " his victims by allowing them to watch vigils held in their honor , and he even attended some . Castro would talk to his victims ' parents as if he were distraught by their disappearances when "  they were right underneath his roof , " Faraglia said . Child custody rights for rapists ? Most states have them Outlining the emotional toll their captivity took on the women , Ochberg said the victims will be subjected to life sentences of their own , as their memories will not go away . When they were abducted , the women were all of the age at which humans are learning to be intimate in life . "  This was not real intimacy . This was a perversion of intimacy , " Ochberg said , further describing the women 's survival and coping skills as "  marvelous , compelling examples of resilience , of imagination , of humanity . " Ochberg 's evaluation -- using statements , medical records , videotaped interviews and transcripts -- painted a horrifying picture of physical and emotional abuse at the hands of Castro , including brutal beatings and repeated rapes that resulted in pregnancies that he would terminate by punching the women in the stomach . "  He appeared to be evolving in an ever more dangerous direction , capturing younger and younger women , telling his captives he was hunting for replacements , " Ochberg wrote before sentencing . Forensic psychiatrist Dr. Gregory Saathoff described the women 's ordeal as a "  complete and comprehensive captivity " and said when he first learned of Castro 's crimes , he wrote , "  The scope and magnitude of Ariel Castro 's crimes is unprecedented . " But asked if he felt Castro suffered from mental illness -- something the defendant repeatedly asserted during his statement -- Saathoff was firm that an examination showed he suffered from "  no psychiatric illness whatsoever . " "  Thank you , victims " In addition to the guarantee from Russo that he "  will never be released from incarceration during the period of his remaining natural life for any reason , " Castro was also hit with a forfeiture of property and fined $ 100,000 . As the judge sentenced him , Castro took issue with the aggravated murder charge related to the termination of his victim 's pregnancies , saying there was no evidence those incidents occurred . Judge Michael Russo reminded him that he had already pleaded guilty , and Castro said he did so only to save his victims further trauma . "  In your mind , there was harmony and a happy household , " Russo said . "  I 'm not sure there 's anyone else in America who would agree with you . " As the hearing came to a close , Castro turned around and glanced at family members of the victims . "  Thank you , victims . Please find it in your heart to forgive me , " he said . Why so many high-profile crimes in Cleveland ? In each case , Castro lured the women into his car with the promise of a ride , according to court documents . The women and girl were freed in May after Berry shouted for help while Castro was away . Neighbors heard her cries and came to her aid as she tried to break through a door . One neighbor gave her a cell phone to call authorities . "  Help me , I am Amanda Berry , " she frantically told a 911 operator . "  I 've been kidnapped , and I 've been missing for 10 years . And I 'm here , I 'm free now . " In early July , Berry , DeJesus and Knight released a YouTube video offering their thanks to all those who have helped them since they were freed . Berry and DeJesus have not faced their tormentor since their rescue . "  I want to thank everyone who has helped me and my family through this entire ordeal . Everyone who has been there to support us has been a blessing , " Berry said in the video . "  I 'm getting stronger each day . " CNN 's Pamela Brown reported from Cleveland ; and Eliott C. McLaughlin reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Joe Sterling , Chris Boyette , Ronni Berke and Martin Savidge contributed to this report .	Judge sentences Castro to life in prison , plus 1,000 years Ariel Castro insists he 's not a "  violent sexual predator " He swears he did n't beat the victims Victim Michelle Knight reads impact statement to Castro
In 1986 , with control of the United States Senate up for grabs , The Economist dispatched a reporter to Nevada , an important battleground that year , to survey the race between then-Rep . Harry Reid and his Republican opponent , James Santini . "  Mr. Reid 's performance in Las Vegas could well turn on the Mormon vote , " the correspondent noted , spotlighting Reid 's religion . "  Though only some 12 % of Nevadans are Mormons , they punch more than their weight . Less than half the state 's eligible voters bother to register , but Mormons almost always do , which gives them about a quarter of the likely turnout . " Members of the Jesus Christ Church of Latter Day Saints still punch more than their weight in Nevada politics , holding a broad array of elected offices and deep sway within the business community . But the portrait of Nevada as a sparsely populated desert locale where elections hinge on the Mormon vote now seems quaint . The state 's dramatic population growth over the last two decades -- two-thirds of all registered voters in Nevada registered to vote after the 2000 presidential election , for instance -- has diluted the influence of Mormon voters on statewide elections . Nevada had just 375,000 registered voters in 1998 when Reid won his first Senate race . Now , more than a million voters are on the books . There are nearly 700,000 voters in Clark County alone . At the same time the state 's population was exploding , Nevada 's Mormon population slipped from 12 % in 1986 to an estimated 7 % today . Mormon vote ` almost always over-hyped ' Although Mitt Romney is certain to energize Mormon voters this election season as the first member of his church to helm a major party 's presidential ticket , political watchers here say the LDS vote in Nevada rarely lives up to its billing in the national media . "  The Mormon vote here is almost always over-hyped , " said veteran Las Vegas Sun columnist Jon Ralston . "  It 's not going to be a huge factor unless the election here is very , very close , because you have to assume that 90 % to 95 % of them are going to vote for Romney . But it 's still relatively insignificant compared to other demographics , like Hispanics . " The impact of LDS voters is felt mostly inside the Republican Party , a dynamic that came into focus during the GOP primary fight , when Mormons showed up at polling places in robust numbers to help push Romney to victories in Western states like Wyoming , Idaho and Arizona . In exit polls conducted during the Nevada caucuses in February , 25 % of the electorate identified as Mormon , and nearly all of them voted for Romney . A similar story unfolded during the caucuses in 2008 , when Romney first ran for president . The state does not keep tabs on voter registration by faith , and religious affiliation was not exit-polled during the 2008 or 2010 elections . Strategists in both parties , though , operate under the assumption that the Mormon share of the vote drops off sharply in Nevada 's general elections , and that most of their support goes to GOP candidates . Republicans and Democrats in Nevada , including members of the church , agree that Mormon voters can no longer swing a statewide election on their own . But Republicans hope that in a tight election -- as the presidential race is expected to be in Nevada and the small number of states that will decide the election -- even the slightest uptick in Mormon turnout with Romney on top of the ticket could provide an edge . "  It 's going to be a close state , so whatever difference you can make up somewhere is going to be very important , " said Danny Tarkanian , the Republican candidate in Nevada 's 4th Congressional District . Most of Nevada 's Mormons live in and around Clark County , the most populous in the state . They are also prevalent in rural communities in the southern part of the state and in the east along the Utah border , precincts that usually vote Republican . Mormons register and vote at higher rates Former Nevada Gov. Bob List , a Republican , said Mormons tend to register to vote and participate in elections at higher rates than other demographic groups , usually to the GOP 's benefit . "  There are Mormon Democrats , Harry Reid being Exhibit A , but of those who are LDS , most tend to be Republicans , and they are quite cohesive in their voting patterns , " List said . "  They always have a significant turnout compared to the voting public , giving them an additional piece of power and influence . They are a force , and I think they will be very helpful to Gov. Romney in the end . " Political observers here are quick to point out that the economy -- not faith , gender or race -- is the central issue for Nevada voters , as it is in other key states . Nevada 's unemployment rate is 11.6 % , the nation 's highest . The foreclosure crisis devastated suburban communities in the state , and Democrats have eagerly seized on Romney 's interview with the Las Vegas Review Journal last October , when he said he preferred to let the housing market "  run its course and hit bottom " instead of intervening to help homeowners . But few here expect external factors to dampen Romney 's support among Mormon voters . There are also a number of Mormon candidates running for office this year up and down the ballot , which may spur church members to show up in greater numbers come November . Sen. Dean Heller , whose re-election fight against Democratic Rep. Shelley Berkley is among the most closely watched Senate races in the country , is a member of the church . There are also five competitive state Senate races that could decide which party controls the upper body of the legislature in Carson City . In four of those races , the Republican candidates are LDS . Romney campaign aides , notoriously guarded when discussing their candidate 's faith , say they are not approaching Mormon voters differently than anyone else . "  Nevada has been disproportionately hurt by President Obama 's policies , " said Ryan Erwin , Romney 's top adviser in the state . "  Regardless of your age or gender or religious affiliation or geographic location , within this state you have been touched in a negative way by some Obama policy . " Mormon backers build support for former bishop But the official line from Romney-world is n't stopping his Mormon supporters from tapping into their own ready-made church networks -- which are organized locally into wards , stakes or branches -- to build support for the former Massachusetts governor , who was once a bishop in Boston suburb of Belmont . Dave Isbell , a Clark County Mormon who was active in Ron Paul 's campaign but said he is nonetheless "  pretty proud " of Romney , said several of his fellow church members are cross-checking church directories with voter registration data to identify and contact potential Romney backers . Isbell said a popular smartphone app called LDS Tools , which lists phone numbers and addresses for local stake members , has become a reliable resource for enterprising Romney volunteers doing voter outreach , despite church rules that forbid the use of LDS resources for political purposes . "  The church makes it really easy for you to get a hold of anyone in your ward , " Isbell said . "  If you are a Romney supporter in the church , you have an opportunity to talk to everyone in your ward that already has a relationship of trust with you . " He added , "  I 'm sure the campaigns and the church are saying ` you ca n't do that , ' but people will fall on their sword for Mitt Romney and some people will justify the means . " Romney 's support among Mormons may also be felt in Nevada outside the voting booth . Romney supporters traveled all the way to Iowa and South Carolina from Brigham Young University in Provo , Utah , to assist in the victory effort during the primaries -- and Republicans expect that to happen again this fall , particularly in the Western swing states of Nevada and Colorado . Several Nevada Republicans told CNN they are counting on a flood of Mormon volunteers from reliably red Utah and reliably blue California to travel into Nevada for the get-out-the-vote effort . One LDS member involved in election planning , who did not want to be identified revealing party strategy , said the arrival of out-of-state Mormons in Nevada "  will happen in a huge way " this fall . Another veteran Republican operative in the state who was not authorized by his organization to speak on the record said Mormon volunteers will be a fundamental part of the Romney ground game in Nevada . "  You tell them to be there at 8 a.m. , and they are there at 7:55 , " said the operative . "  Romney is their guy . They are committed . "	Nevada 's rapid population growth has diluted Mormon influence on elections Impact of Mormon voters is felt most in Republican races GOP strategists hope that LDS vote will be enough to tip tight election Romney 's Mormon backers are tapping into church network to build support
CNN  -- Sen. Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas won the Democratic primary Tuesday , beating back a challenge from Lt. Gov. Bill Halter , whose campaign was fueled by unions and liberal activists . Voters in 12 states held primary elections Tuesday night , but the outcomes of two contests in South Carolina will be delayed by another two weeks . A runoff will be held June 22 for the Republican gubernatorial nomination as well as for a GOP congressional seat in the northern part of the state . California Republican voters chose two women to vie for two of the state 's highest offices : Former eBay CEO Meg Whitman will face Attorney General Jerry Brown , a former governor , for the governor 's office , and former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina will take on Sen. Barbara Boxer for her seat . And in Nevada , Tea Party-backed Sharron Angle beat the GOP establishment candidate to earn the right to take on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid in November . At the same time , embattled Nevada Gov. Jim Gibbons , a Republican , became the state 's first incumbent governor in 100 years to lose a primary race . The South Carolina GOP gubernatorial contest captured national attention because of accusations of extramarital affairs . The candidates are vying to succeed scandal-plagued Gov. Mark Sanford , a fellow Republican . A year after Sanford made national news for disappearing and then admitting to an affair with a woman from Argentina , allegations of infidelity surrounded state lawmaker Nikki Haley . Haley has denied the accusations over the last two weeks , which she said rival campaigns were pushing . Haley cruised to a commanding lead but fell short of the 50 percent threshold needed to avoid a runoff election , scheduled for June 22 . She 'll face U.S. Rep. Gresham Barrett , who came in at a distant second . "  You saw us push against the establishment and push against the money and push against the power , " Haley said at her election-night celebration in Columbia , South Carolina . "  And boy did they push back . " Haley told supporters , "  Over the last two weeks , we said no to the dark side of politics . " Haley , Barrett headed for runoff In California , Whitman topped Steve Poizner in the gubernatorial primary . Whitman , who also was an adviser and surrogate for Sen. John McCain 's 2008 presidential bid , spent around $ 70 million of her own money in the race . Poizner , California 's insurance commissioner and a self-made multimillionaire , injected some $ 25 million of his money into his campaign . California Republicans batter each other in primaries . The winner in November will succeed Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who ca n't seek re-election because of term limits . Fiorina easily won the Republican Senate primary , and polls suggest that Boxer faces a tough re-election battle . In neighboring Nevada , Reid also is considered vulnerable in November . A crowded field of 13 Republicans were competing for a chance to challenge the Senate majority leader in his bid for a fifth term in the Senate . Angle , a former Nevada Assembly member , won endorsements from many conservative organizations , including significant financial backing from the Tea Party Express , a national Tea Party group best known for running cross-country bus caravans , and the Club for Growth , a fiscally conservative organization . Gibbons ' loss makes him the first incumbent governor to lose a primary this year . Former federal Judge Brian Sandoval won the state 's GOP gubernatorial contest . Nevada Republicans in ` slugfest ' for right to take on Reid In Arkansas , Lincoln was able to survive a primary runoff despite an anti-incumbent wave , but she 'll face a tough general-election fight against Rep. John Boozman , the GOP nominee . "  We 've got a lot worth fighting for . A whole lot worth fighting for . We 're going to make sure , as we regroup tomorrow , we put this campaign on a trajectory toward November and a victory in November , " Lincoln said after the results came in . Lincoln fights ` incumbent ' label Iowa , Maine , Montana , New Jersey , North Dakota , South Dakota and Virginia also held primaries Tuesday . Former state Rep. Tom Graves , a Republican , won the runoff in Georgia to fill the seat of former Rep. Nathan Deal . Deal , also a Republican , stepped down this year to run for Georgia governor . CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Peter Hamby , Kristi Keck , Mark Preston , Charles Riley and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Sen. Blanche Lincoln wins Arkansas runoff Nikki Haley , Rep. Gresham Barrett face runoff in South Carolina governor 's race Meg Whitman wins battle for GOP gubernatorial nomination in California Nevada Gov. Jim Gibbons loses in primary
CNN  -- Another chartered flight is scheduled to leave the United States for Cuba Sunday as a result of recent U.S. government moves to ease restrictions on travel to the Communist nation . In a partnership with Delta Air Lines , Marazul , a Miami-based travel agency that specializes in travel to Cuba , has restored direct flights between select U.S. airports and Havana , Cuba , a Delta spokeswoman said Sunday . "  We are excited to get back into the market in partnership with Marazul , " Delta spokeswoman Gina Laughlin said , adding that some flights took place in October , departing from Miami . Marazul announced on its website that it has restored its direct flight between New York City 's John F. Kennedy International Airport and Havana , scheduled to take off on Sunday . In December , Marazul will provide weekly flights from Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport , Marazul announced . Round-trip tickets can only be purchased through Marazul travel , which has chartered a Boeing 737 with crews from Delta Air Lines for its Miami-Havana flight , the travel company said . Laughlin said loosened government restrictions on travel to Cuba has allowed Delta to re-establish the charter service with Marazul . According the Marazul 's website , these flights are offered only to passengers who have been "  duly authorized " by the U.S. government to travel to Cuba . This includes , but is not restricted to , travelers with close relatives in Cuba , official business travelers , professionals , students and other potential travelers authorized by the U.S Treasury Department 's Office of Foreign Assets Control  OFAC  . In September of 2009 , OFAC announced it would ease existing restrictions on travel to Cuba , citing President Barack Obama 's initiative announced the same year to "  reach out to the Cuban people in support of their desire to freely determine their country . "	Delta Air Lines partners with Marazul travel agency to provide chartered flights to Cuba Delta provides planes , Marazul sells tickets , Delta says The first flight took off from Miami in October
CNN  Jerry Tarkanian , the legendary men 's basketball coach who won the 1990 national championship at the University of Nevada , Las Vegas , and who was known to battle with the NCAA , died Wednesday in Las Vegas . He was 84 . UNLV confirmed on its website the passing of the former Runnin ' Rebels head coach . "  Coach Tark , my father , the greatest man I have ever known , passed today , to take his place in heaven , " son Danny Tarkanian tweeted Wednesday . "  I will miss him every day of my life . " Tarkanian had been hospitalized since Monday with respiratory problems and had been hospitalized three times in the last 10 months for various ailments , including two heart attacks , according to the Las Vegas Review-Journal . "  The UNLV community mourns the passing of Coach Jerry Tarkanian , and our condolences are with Jerry 's wife , Lois , and the Tarkanian family , " UNLV President Len Jessup said . "  Coach Tarkanian 's contribution to UNLV and Southern Nevada stretches far beyond the game of basketball . Many in Southern Nevada and around the nation were introduced to UNLV through Coach Tarkanian and the Runnin ' Rebels . He made Runnin ' Rebel basketball a brand name during his 19 years on campus , inspiring our community and creating a legacy that endures to this day . He will be deeply missed though fondly remembered as a college basketball icon and as one of the greats in our university 's history . " Tarkanian , known as "  Tark the Shark , " retired in 2002 after 38 seasons of coaching , including 31 in Division I . He coached UNLV from 1973-1992 , taking the Runnin ' Rebels to four Final Fours and won the national championship in 1990 -- a 103-73 win against Duke . The 30-point win set a record for margin of victory in the title game , a record that still stands . At UNLV , he won 11 regular-season conference championships , seven tournament championships and made 12 NCAA tournament appearances , including a stretch of nine consecutive years . After briefly coaching the NBA 's San Antonio Spurs in 1992 , Tarkanian coached at Fresno State , his alma mater , from 1995 until his retirement in 2002 . "  Jerry Tarkanian is one of the true legends in the coaching profession , " current Fresno State head men 's basketball coach Rodney Terry said . "  He was successful at so many different levels in college basketball . Coach Tarkanian welcomed me in from the first day I arrived in Fresno . He loved the Bulldogs and stayed connected with our program throughout the years . Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife , Lois , and family during this extremely difficult time . " Tarkanian was n't afraid to go up against the NCAA . He was investigated several times in his career and once sued the NCAA in 1992 for trying to suspend him while at UNLV for violations found when Tarkanian was at Long Beach State . In 1998 , while he was with Fresno State , the NCAA reportedly settled with Tarkanian for $ 2.5 million . Tarkanian compiled a career record of 784-202 while at Long Beach State , UNLV and Fresno State . He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2013 , the first UNLV coach or player to be enshrined . Tarkanian is survived by his wife , Lois ; four children ; and seven grandchildren . A campus memorial event is being planned , according to the UNLV website . People we lost in 2015	Jerry Tarkanian "  made Runnin ' Rebel basketball a brand name , " UNLV president says Tarkanian coached UNLV from 1973-1992 , retired in 2002 after 38 seasons of coaching UNLV won the 1990 national championship under legendary men 's basketball coach
CNN  -- Still think Halloween is just for the kids ? You wo n't -- not when you 've seen CNN 's gut-twisting , down-right disgusting mob of morbid maniacs . It 's that time of year when revelers can let loose with their desire to shock . Getting dressed up ready to terrorize friends , family and strangers in the street has long been the goal for the holiday -- but a few partiers are taking it to another level , with masterfully executed , Hollywood-standard disguises . This Halloween , CNN Celebrates challenged you to scare us stiff . And iReporters from across the globe delivered -- with a ghoul 's gallery of ghastly getups , macabre makeup , and grotesque prosthetics , guaranteed to cause some sleepless nights . This Halloween , there 'll be tricks ... "  What is a Halloween costume if not to be scary ? " asked 26-year-old Californian Amada Kroon , whose ripped-off flesh makeup shocked and turned stomachs . Jennifer Kirkland , an amateur paranormal investigator from Kentucky , agrees : "  I love scaring people ! " She says . "  For my costume , I wanted something that would send grown men running to their mommas . " Her creation "  Sightless " succeeded -- a blood-dripping horror with gouged-out eyes , which she turned on unsuspecting visitors at Devine 's Haunted Corn Maze in Harrodsburg , Kentucky . There 's a perfect form of trickery and illusion required to create a properly adult scare -- although , children and  ahem  dogs are n't afraid to get involved -- but Kirkland says the secret behind truly terrifying outfits is all too simple : "  I think the more realistic the costume is , the better . Sure , vampires and zombies are cool , but what is really freaky are the costumes that are basically normal people , but with some type of creepy or disturbing element added . " ... and treats But there 's more to the night than shock and disgust . For Jeff Wickliffe  a photographer for 364 days a year -- Pirate Zombie for October 31st  it 's an outlet for his gruesome creativity : "  I 'm a creative person and Halloween allows me to let my imagination run wild and display it in a very public way that ca n't be done the rest of the year , " he says . "  It 's a chance to change into someone else entirely and take a vacation from yourself and enjoy being a character for a night or more " For others , Halloween holds the opportunity to get together and share in the scares : whether in a family group  like the gloriously grizzly , undead Rausch family  , or in a terrifying mass with Berlin 's Zombie Walk mob . There , hundreds of undead tricksters gathered together -- ready to groan , share their common interests  like braaaains  , trudge menacingly through sightseeing spots , and dance to Michael Jackson 's Thriller . And , in the true spirit of the holiday , scare strangers to death .	Every Halloween , horror fans take the opportunity to scare others stiff Now , hardcore Halloween aficionados are creating horrifying new costumes Oh no ! Is ... Is that woman 's face coming unzipped ?! I think I 'm going to be sick ...
London  CNN  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his supporters are trying to create "  an atmosphere of hysteria " and "  fear-mongering , " the Iranian foreign minister said Thursday . "  The only explanation that you can have here is that some people consider peace and stability as an existential threat , " Javad Zarif told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  Because a deal can not be threatening to anybody unless you want conflict and tension and mistrust and crises . " In a highly controversial speech to the U.S. Congress on Tuesday , Netanyahu said that far from stopping Iran , the deal currently being negotiated in Switzerland would pave Iran 's way to nuclear weapons . Zarif told Amanpour that Netanyahu 's speech had "  no effect on the negotiating table . " He spoke from Montreux , Switzerland , where Iran , the U.S. and five other countries are trying to hammer out an agreement that would trade sanctions relief for guarantees on Iran 's nuclear program . Zarif told Amanpour that he believed negotiators were "  very close " to such a deal , but only if everybody avoided "  the path of confrontation . " "  Everybody has to make tough choices . We have made the choice to engage in negotiations , although we believe that this entire exercise was unnecessary -- this was a manufactured crisis . " "  People have been predicting for the past 20 years that Iran was a year away from making a bomb , and that prediction has been proven wrong time and again , " Zarif said . "  But unfortunately that is a reality , that this hysteria that has been fanned continues to be fanned . And we try to resolve that problem . " While the details of a definitive deal are still decidedly out of reach -- "  I 'm not prepared to negotiate on the air " -- Zarif told Amanpour that he had hope for a "  win-win situation for all . " "  The object of this exercise is to ensure that Iran 's nuclear program will always remain peaceful , and to remove all the restrictions that have been imposed on Iran , in our view unjustifiably , " he said . "  You can either have sanctions and continue to seek that path of confrontation , or try to resolve this issue through negotiations and through an agreement . " As Iran negotiates its nuclear future , a war against ISIS is being waged in neighboring Iraq . Tehran has supplied the Baghdad government with advisers , weapons , and ammunition , and one of its top generals , Qassim Sulaimani , has been sent to the country , according to the semiofficial Iranian FARS news agency . The Pentagon has suggested that Iranians could themselves be participating in the fight , which Zarif denied . "  We do not have forces on the ground in Iraq . We have always had advisers helping the Iraqi government and the Iraqi army , " he said . "  We were the first to come to the assistance of the Iraqis , both in Baghdad as well as in Irbil , when the ISIS started moving in in massive numbers last summer . " "  Everybody knows that without our assistance , things would have been different in Iraq , " he added . "  We hope that this could unite Iraqis . " The United States , which also has military advisers in Iraq and has launched an air campaign against ISIS , adamantly denies that it coordinates with Iran in the fight against their common enemy . "  This is a global threat , " Zarif said . "  You see the implications in Europe , you see the fact that they are recruiting from Europe . So this is a global problem , it requires global cooperation and global work . " Full transcript of Amanpour 's interview with Foreign Minister Zarif .	Netanyahu says a deal would open the way for Iran 's nuclear weapons Iranian foreign minister says speech had "  no effect on the negotiating table "
San Francisco  CNN  -- Intel , which dominates the PC market but has struggled to break into smartphones , is getting a hand from Google . Upcoming versions of Android , the No. 1 smartphone operating system from Google , will be compatible with Intel processors , the companies announced at Intel 's developer conference on Tuesday . "  We want to make Intel architecture the platform of choice for smartphones , " Intel CEO Paul Otellini said onstage . "  Every time we have collaborated with Google , good things have come out of it . " The partnership will aid Intel in delivering on its promise to finally release smartphones with its technologies by the middle of 2012 . Google may benefit from accommodating a company that has significant influence in computers , which is the market Google is struggling to break into with its Chromebook project . The two companies already collaborate on that laptop operating system . "  The partnership has been great , " said Andy Rubin , Google 's executive for mobile development , who took the stage at Intel 's conference to announce the deal . In his keynote , Otellini touted Intel 's Ultrabook concept , which the company has been reportedly nudging partners to embrace . The laptop concept facilitates very thin , light and affordable computers with batteries that can last for about a full day on a single charge . They look similar to Apple 's MacBook Air , which uses Intel 's Core processor . Otellini also discussed a new processor , slated for 2013 , called Haswell . Devices with the chip can remain connected to the Internet in standby mode for 10 days before the battery depletes , he said . Haswell will be tailored to Ultrabooks and tablets running Windows 8 , the new operating system Microsoft was showing at the same time at its own conference in Anaheim , California . "  Computing means a lot more than just computers , " Otellini said . "  Just as computing has evolved , so too has Intel 's architecture . " Intel 's recent focus on reducing energy consumption , thereby improving battery life , should bolster its efforts in smartphones , analysts say . The company is also working on more compact chips , which it is calling "  3-D transistors " because of the unique way the microscopic parts are situated . Google and Intel did not say which chip will power upcoming Android phones or which manufacturers have agreed to make devices for it . Most smartphones and tablets use chips designed by ARM Holdings , which are popular for their efficiency . The next version of Android for phones and tablets , called Ice-Cream Sandwich , will debut next month or in November , Google has said .	Google will make future versions of Android for Intel chips Android currently works with processors designed by ARM Intel has struggled to break into the smartphone market
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- California 's director of adult prisons is recommending against "  compassionate release " for a terminally ill former Manson family member , a spokeswoman said . Susan Atkins is led from a Los Angeles grand jury room after her indictment in the 1969 "  Manson murders . " Suzan Hubbard , director of the Division of Adult Institutions , decided that Susan Atkins ' request should not be sent to the sentencing court for consideration , said Terry Thornton , spokeswoman for the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . Hubbard 's recommendation is advisory and will not necessarily prevent Atkins ' release . The court -- not the department or the state Board of Parole Hearings -- has the final say on whether Atkins should be released , Thornton said . "  They 're the only ones legally who can recall the sentence , " she added . Atkins , 60 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of actress Sharon Tate and four others . She had been incarcerated at the California Institution for Women in Corona , California , but has been hospitalized since mid-March . Her request is now before the Board of Parole Hearings , which is conducting an independent investigation and will hear the case during its monthly public meeting , Thornton said . The next meeting is scheduled July 15 . Atkins had been held for years at the Corona prison , which earlier determined that she met the criteria for compassionate release under the law , and sent her request to the corrections department . The Board of Parole Hearings will receive public comment , discuss the request in closed session and then announce its recommendation . The board also can decide whether to refer the request to the sentencing court . The court , based in Los Angeles , can either grant or deny Atkins ' request . It also can recall her life sentence and resentence Atkins to a lesser term , allowing for her to be paroled . In 2007 , the department received 60 compassionate release requests , Thornton said . Ten were approved . Citing privacy rules , prison officials would not disclose the nature of Atkins ' illness . Her husband and attorney , James Whitehouse , has been quoted as saying she has terminal brain cancer , according to a blog called Manson Family Today . She also has had a leg amputated , the Los Angeles Times has reported . Atkins , known within the Manson family as "  Sadie Mae Glutz , " has been in prison since 1971 and has been denied parole 11 times . She is California 's longest-serving female inmate . Tate and three houseguests were slain in August 1969 by killers who burst into her Benedict Canyon home . A teenager who was visiting the home 's caretaker in his cottage on the property also was killed . According to historical accounts of the murders , Atkins stabbed Tate , who was 8 1/2 months pregnant , and wrote the word "  pig " in blood on the door of the home the actress shared with her husband , director Roman Polanski . The following night , Leno and Rosemary LaBianca were slain in their home in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles . The two-day crime spree sent shock waves throughout Los Angeles . All of the killers remain behind bars . Atkins also was convicted in the earlier murder of music teacher Gary Hinman . Atkins , like family leader Charles Manson , received a death sentence . Her punishment was changed to life in prison when the California Supreme Court ruled the state 's death penalty unconstitutional in 1972 . Atkins is a born-again Christian , according to a Web site maintained by her husband . During her incarceration , the site says , Atkins has worked to help at-risk youth , victims of violent crimes and homeless children . Last month , authorities dug for buried bodies at the Inyo County , California , ranch where Manson and his followers once lived , after police became aware that testing had indicated humans might be buried there . Nothing was found , police said .	Decision puts case in parole board 's hands , spokeswoman says Susan Atkins is serving life sentence for role in Manson family murders of late 1960s Web site quotes Atkins ' husband as saying she has terminal brain cancer
CNN  -- A ban on polio vaccinations imposed by the Taliban could affect about 280,000 children living in tribal areas of northwest Pakistan , according to estimates from the World Health Organization . Last month , local Taliban militants prohibited polio vaccines over the United States ' use of drone strikes in the region . When a three-day nationwide effort to administer polio vaccines began this week , health workers and volunteers were n't able to immunize children in North and South Waziristan . Time : Why the CIA 's vaccine ruse is a setback for global health Under this security situation , they "  obviously can not operate , " said Mazhar Nisar , the health education adviser in the Pakistani prime minister 's polio program . "  We 're hoping that the campaign will resume in the near future . " Throughout the rest of the country , vaccination efforts continued as 180,000 health workers and volunteers fanned throughout communities trying to immunize 34 million children , under the age of 5 . The vaccine ban began in June after a Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan declared in a statement that the vaccines "  would be banned in North Waziristan until the drones strikes are stopped . " The commander , Hafiz Gul Bahadur said that the drone strikes "  are worse than polio , " and consulted with other Taliban leaders regarding the decision , according to the statement . Drone strikes are widely unpopular , as the Pakistani government has pressed the U.S. administration to stop the attacks . 20 dead in drone attack in Pakistan Pakistan remains one of the three countries in the world grappling with polio . The country has had 22 reported cases this year . The other two countries are Afghanistan with 11 cases and Nigeria with 54 . Polio is highly contagious and can cause paralysis , breathing problems , deformities and death . There is no cure for polio , so the focus lies on vaccines to prevent the disease . The vaccine is administered orally , and in multiple doses to achieve full immunity . Pakistan 's tribal regions are areas where polio is known to be active , according to disease data . Global health within our grasp , if we do n't give up "  In a situation like this , any child who has not been administered for polio vaccine remains at risk , " Nisar said . Vaccination points have been set up in the entry and exit points to the tribal areas , he added . The WHO , Center for Disease Control and Prevention , UNICEF and Rotary International have a joint polio eradication campaign . Read about a WHO doctor attacked during a polio campaign "  Our concern is reaching every single child possible , " said Michael Coleman , a communication specialist for UNICEF and polio . "  Where there are limitations presented , it 's a concern . " To date , Pakistan "  has had real progresses , " said Coleman . "  People are being reached , we need to be keeping that momentum up . " This is not the first time that Pakistan 's polio campaign has made headlines . Last year , a Pakistani doctor was linked to a CIA operation to verify Osama bin Laden 's whereabouts with a door-to-door vaccination campaign in the town of Abbottabad , where the al Qaeda leader was hiding before he was killed . U.S. officials have said the plan did not work , but aid groups and Pakistani health officials have said the CIA 's alleged meddling with a vaccination campaign undermined Pakistan 's efforts to eradicate polio . Bin Laden raid harms Pakistan polio fight The ban on the polio vaccine has drawn criticism . "  Proscribing inoculation merely because some score is to be settled with the U.S. or the government is again an act of extremist proportions that would earn the Taliban more public anger , " stated an editorial from The Nation , a Pakistani newspaper . Nisar pointed out that both Western and Islamic countries have eradicated polio through vaccines . "  There is no reason why Pakistan can not do it , " he said . "  This message needs to be disseminated , it needs to be reinforced . This is a campaign which saves the children from permanent disability . There can not be a reason to deny one 's children of this facility . " Opinion : Do n't fall at the finish line in the race to eradicate polio	North and South Waziristan have banned polio vaccines over use of U.S. drones WHO estimates 280,000 children may not have access to polio vaccine Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio is still a problem
Mariupol , Ukraine  CNN  -- A U.S. lawmaker is calling for the arming of Ukrainian forces engaged in fighting Russian troops along the nation 's eastern border with Russia . Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , is in the Ukrainian capital , Kiev , on a fact-finding mission into the monthslong conflict there between pro-Russian rebels and the Ukrainian military . Appearing on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday , Menendez called this a "  watershed moment " in the conflict . He said it 's time to recognize what 's really happening in eastern Ukraine -- not a rebel uprising , but a Russian invasion . "  And we must recognize it as that , " said Menendez , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . "  When I read the headlines back at home that suggest rebels are advancing in different parts of eastern Ukraine , it 's not rebels -- it 's Russian soldiers . " "  We should be providing the Ukrainians with the type of defensive weapons that will impose a cost upon  Russian President Vladimir  Putin for further aggression . " U.S. President Barack Obama has opposed supplying Ukraine with weapons in the past , but Menendez said he believes the Obama administration should re-examine what he calls changed circumstances there . "  I think the European Union , NATO , as well as the United States has to consider this is dramatically different and we have to give the Ukrainians the fighting chance to defend themselves . I 'm not suggesting U.S. troops here or NATO troops here ... but I am suggesting that the Ukrainians have the wherewithal to fight for themselves . " Poroshenko warns of looming war with Russia Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko warned Saturday that his nation 's crisis with Russia has worsened in recent days and is inching closer to a "  full-scale war . " "  I think we are very close to the point of no return , " Poroshenko said following an EU summit in Brussels , Belgium . "  The point of no return is full-scale war , which already happened in the territory controlled by separatists and where -- instead of separatists -- there are regular Russian troops . " Poroshenko said thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on Ukrainian territory . Russia has repeatedly denied supporting the rebels or sending troops over the border . But the West has rejected Moscow 's denials . European Council President Herman Van Rompuy , speaking at a meeting in Brussels , said new sanctions are in the works for Russia . "  The European Council says that it stands ready to take further significant steps in the light of the evolution of the situation on the ground and it requests the commission to urgently undertake preparatory work ... and present proposals for consideration within a week , " Rompuy said . As condemnation from the West escalated , Putin was defiant . Moscow does n't want or intend to wade into any "  large-scale conflicts , " Putin said , according to state-run ITAR-Tass . A few breaths later , he said Russia is "  strengthening our nuclear deterrence forces and our armed forces , " making them more efficient and modernized . "  I want to remind you that Russia is one of the most powerful nuclear nations , " Putin said . "  This is a reality , not just words . " Ukrainian port city fortifies defenses The Ukrainian military worked to fortify the port city of Mariupol after Russian intelligence groups were observed there , said Col. Andriy Lysenko , a spokesman for the Ukrainian National Defense and Security Council . A CNN team saw Ukrainian forces strengthening defensive positions on the eastern outskirts of the city , reinforcing checkpoints and digging trenches along roads leading toward the Russian border . Beyond these checkpoints , the team found a small advance detachment of Ukrainian troops on the main road about halfway between Mariupol and Novoazovsk . Months of violence leads to thousands of deaths Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula in March , following the ouster of pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych the previous month . Violence broke out in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions in April , as separatist leaders declared independence from the government in Kiev . Since mid-April , the conflict between the pro-Russia rebels and the Ukrainian military has cost more than 2,500 lives , according to the United Nations . UNREST MAPPED : A divided Ukraine CNN 's Tim Lister reported from Mariupol and Faith Karimi wrote and reported in Atlanta . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Greg Botelho and journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev contributed to this report .	Sen. Robert Menendez calls for the arming of Ukrainian forces . Menendez says Russia has invaded Ukraine and it 's time to help the Ukrainians fight back . Ukraine 's President Petro Poroshenko says conflict is inching toward "  full-scale war . " Russia is still denying it has sent troops and weapons over the border .
CNN  -- A South Korea court ruled that both Apple and Samsung violated each other 's patents , in a case that mimics legal battles between the electronics giants around the world . The Seoul District Court ordered each side to pay the other damages . Apple must pay Samsung 40 million won  $ 35,300  ; Samsung is to pay Apple 25 million won  $ 22,000  . The court banned sales in South Korea of Apple 's iPhone 4 and iPad 2 , Samsung 's Galaxy SII and Galaxy Nexus smartphones and Galaxy Tab and Galaxy 10.1 tablet computers . Both Samsung and Apple may appeal the lower court decision . The decision comes as a jury in California decides a similar patent case in the U.S. , with much higher stakes for the companies . Apple accuses Samsung of copying the design of the iPhone and iPad , and is suing Samsung for $ 2.5 billion . Samsung denies any wrongdoing and is counter suing Apple for $ 519 million , also for patent infringement . Similar patent cases between Apple and Samsung are being heard in Germany , the United Kingdom and Australia . CNN 's KJ Kwon contributed to this story	A South Korea court ruled that both Apple and Samsung violated each other 's patents Samsung must pay $ 35,300 for infringing two Apple patents for iPhone and iPad Apple was found to have infringed Samsung 's Wi-Fi technology , and must pay $ 22,000 Case comes as a jury decides a similar patent case in the U.S. with much higher stakes
CNN  -- No doubt , this has been a trying time for Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas . First , health care workers at the facility sent a feverish Thomas Eric Duncan home the first time he came to the emergency room , even though he 'd informed the nurse he 'd recently been in Africa . Then , after Duncan was admitted and diagnosed with Ebola , two of the nurses who were closely involved in his care contracted the deadly virus . Earlier this month , Barclay Berden , the CEO of Texas Health Resources , said the hospital had "  made mistakes " and "  we are deeply sorry . "	Dallas hospital not forthright about its missteps on Ebola Two Texas Health Presbyterian nurses contracted the virus caring for an infected patient The hospital has still not explained how that happened It has also yet to explain why it took days to get experimental drug
CNN  -- As another Labor Day comes to pass , it 's worth reflecting on the legacy of Detroit and its workers . Detroit 's bankruptcy is a warning to other cities -- and even states -- that public pension systems are a ticking time bomb with potentially catastrophic consequences . Unfunded pension debt , which in Detroit stands at $ 3.5 billion and is roughly one-sixth of the city 's total debt , is a national problem that has already put other city and state governments on the same road to insolvency . The problem is being ignored amid a rash of finger-pointing and blame-shifting . Few are calling for the kind of pension reforms that could prevent other places from encountering the Motor City 's crisis . Quite simply , cities and states need to consider switching from the prevailing "  defined benefit " pension plans to the "  defined contribution " plans common in the private sector . This single fix could drastically change the course of a government 's financial health by making retirement plan for public-sector workers affordable for taxpayers and predictable for actuaries . First , consider the illness . Detroit 's pension debt pales in comparison to the hundreds of billions of dollars that other cities and municipalities owe their pensioners . Opinion : Detroit , the ` used to be ' city New York City , for instance , is much worse off than Detroit , with some $ 69.9 billion in pension debts . The only difference between the Big Apple and the Motor City is that it the former has a burgeoning economy that masks the looming crisis , keeping the tax bill at bay even as the pension debt grows larger . Worse yet , city pension debt is dwarfed by that of state pension debt . In Pennsylvania , the unfunded total in the state 's two pension funds is $ 47 billion . Next door , New York faces pension debts of $ 133 billion , while Illinois ' clocks in at $ 167 billion . California is the worst , with $ 370 billion in unfunded pension liabilities . Combined , city and state unfunded pension debts amount to $ 4.6 trillion , according to an analysis published by State Budget Solutions , a conservative-leaning group . The crisis is recognized by many , but unfortunately , most of the proposed solutions are either shortsighted or just plain silly . In Illinois , for instance , Gov. Pat Quinn at one point suggested a federal bailout of the state 's pension debt , a call that has been echoed by many for Detroit . Given the federal government 's own fiscal problems , this proposal has been dismissed as irresponsible . Tax increases are another option . One analysis estimated that an average tax hike of $ 1,385 per household would be required to fix the debt . In my home state of Pennsylvania , we estimate that working families will soon need to contribute an additional $ 878 per year to pay rising pension costs -- a devastating blow to those still recovering from the recession . While the problem is already enormous , it will only get worse in the coming years unless governments transition to defined contribution systems , like the 401  k  . RoboCop creator : Detroit shows the film 's fictional future is upon us Both defined benefit plans -- which purport to guarantee a set income for life -- and 401  k  - type plans carry with them some risk for public employees . In the case of defined benefit plans , Detroit shows that taxpayers may not always be able to pay what the government promises . As for the 401  k  , individual retirement investments are subject to the ups and downs of the market , requiring more attention , planning and personal responsibility on the part of the employee . The private sector , being more responsive to market pressures , realized the dangers posed by defined benefit plans and the benefits of 401  k  s long ago and acted accordingly . From 1979 to 2011 , the percentage of businesses offering defined benefit plans plummeted from 62 % to a mere 7 % . Over the same period , defined contribution plans more than quadrupled from 16 % to 69 % . Businesses made these changes because defined benefit plans are unpredictable , inefficient and too costly in the long run . But cities and states are n't so different : They can pass costs on to taxpayers and their children only for so long , until eventually -- as in Detroit -- the bill comes due . Unfortunately , Detroit 's public pensioners will likely pay this bill themselves when their pensions are cut in bankruptcy proceedings . They need only look to San Bernardino , California , which received court approval to do just that on August 28 . Opinion : How Detroit can rise again But other cities and states can still prevent the crisis from boxing their own public workers into a similar financial bind . If governments across the nation seize the moment and make the change to a defined contribution system -- as Pennsylvania is poised to do this fall -- they 'll save their citizens from a fate like Detroit 's , where opportunity and prosperity have been replaced by bankruptcy and hoped-for bailouts . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matthew Brouillette .	Matthew Brouillette : Detroit 's pension mess is a warning to other cities and states Brouillette : Solution is to switch to 401  k  plans which is common in the private sector He says market risks of 401  k  s require more personal responsibility for workers Brouillette : If cities and states keep the pension system , it will be too costly in the long run
EW.com  -- No one knows how to make white men squirm quite like Samuel L. Jackson . A post on Reddit last night has unearthed a prime example . Two weeks ago , the "  Django Unchained " cast sat down with Jake Hamilton , host of Houston 's Emmy-winning film show Jake 's Takes , at a press junket . Things went smoothly enough until Hamilton approached Jackson with a question about the movie 's controversial use of the "  n-word . " Jackson insisted that Hamilton , who is white , say the word out loud ; after Hamilton repeatedly refused , they moved on . It was uncomfortable . "  The most awkward moment was just seeing everyone in the room freeze , and waiting to see what my reaction was going to be , " Hamilton says today . The internet reaction has been mixed . Many commenters claim that Hamilton should have simply said the word , while others applaud the reporter for not caving to Jackson 's demand . Hamilton says that his decision was in the best interest of the show and the network . GET EW ON YOUR TABLET : Subscribe today and get instant access ! "  Whatever the video 's doing today , making the rounds , it 's not as bad as it would be if I had actually said it , " he says . "  The last thing that my affiliate needs is one of their reporters going around saying the n-word and broadcasting it everywhere . " While it 'd be easy to harbor some resentment for the provocation , Hamilton says that ultimately there 's no hard feelings between him and Jackson . "  He does n't suffer any fools , and he 's the kind of guy I feel like I have to step up my game as a reporter , " he says . "  I look forward to interviewing him again . " Watch the video here . Jackson 's segment starts at 13:55 . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jackson tried to get an interviewer to say the "  n-word " during a junket The reporter refused to say it Video of the exchange has received mixed response
CNN  Kenji Goto had every reason to stay home in Japan . A successful career . An adoring mother . A loving wife . A pair of young daughters , one of them just 3-weeks old . Yet , in his mind , he had to go into war-torn Syria . The experienced journalist explained why in a video shot in October from southern Turkey . He felt compelled to tell the stories of war in all its trauma , complexity and humanity . "  Syrian people  have been  suffering for three years and a half . It 's enough , " the 47-year-old Goto explained . "  So I would like to get the story of what ISIS wants to do . " So Goto crossed the border into Syria and headed toward the Islamist extremist group 's de facto capital of Raqaa , despite the advice of friend , Alaaeddin Al Zaim , who 'd been with him previously in that nation . Al Zaim recalled telling Goto , "  It 's not safe for you . " The journalist replied that he did n't feel he was in danger . After all , his native Japan -- unlike the Iraqi government and the international coalition supporting it -- was n't involved in the military fight against the terrorist group that 's branded itself as the Islamic State . "  I am not American . I am not British . I am Japanese , " Goto said , according to Al Zaim , "  I can go . " It appears to have been a mistake . A new ISIS video released Saturday appeared to show the decapitated body of Goto . While the authenticity of the video could not immediately be established by CNN , Japanese officials did not challenge news of his apparent death . "  We are deeply saddened by this despicable and horrendous act of terrorism and we denounce it in the strongest terms , " Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said in Tokyo . Goto covered big news stories for years , hoping that by telling them he could make a difference in the world . His work was featured by numerous Japanese organizations , including broadcaster NHK . And he was n't afraid to put himself in harm 's way to tell a story . One need just look to his previous trip to Syria , where a bloody , complicated civil war has gone on for four years . The United Nations estimated in August that nearly 200,000 had been killed , more than 3 million Syrians had become refugees and at least 6.5 million were displaced inside the country . While there , Goto came to know another Japanese man , a 42-year-old aspiring security contractor Haruna Yukawa . According to Yukawa 's friend Nobuo Kimoto , Goto passed along insights on how to survive in Syria and introduced him to rebel fighters , who are distinct from ISIS though both are fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces . The fact the two Japanese men 's paths had crossed again became public January 20 in an ISIS video posted to social media . It shows Goto and Yukawa dressed in orange , kneeling in front of a masked , black-clad man . In it , the ISIS militant gives the Japanese government a choice to pay $ 200 million -- the same amount of money Prime Minister Shinzo Abe recently pledged for those "  contending " with ISIS -- to free the Japanese men within 72 hours . Days later , a new message was posted by known ISIS supporters featuring the voice of someone claiming to be Goto . Yukawa apparently was dead . And so soon would Goto , the new message claimed -- unless Jordan 's government freed its longtime prisoner , Sajida al-Rishawi , a convicted terrorist . On Saturday , the latest ISIS video showed the masked man blaming Japan 's humanitarian support of coalition efforts in Iraq and Syria for Goto 's apparent beheading . Japan 's government insisted it did everything within reason that it could to bring Goto home safely . The fate of Moath al-Kasasbeh , a Jordanian pilot recently captured by ISIS while on a military mission targeting the Islamist extremist group , is unclear . He was not shown or mentioned in the video . Speaking out for the first time Thursday , Goto 's wife , Rinko , said her husband "  was taken from me October 25 " although she did n't know it until a December 2 message from his captors landed in her inbox . Now , after working "  tirelessly behind the scenes , " she went public to "  beg the Jordanian and Japanese governments to understand that the fates of both  Goto and al-Kaseasbeh  are in their hands . " Her statement comes after she got another email Wednesday with the hostage takers ' "  final demand . " "  Our baby girl was only 3 weeks old when Kenji left . I hope our oldest daughter , who is just 2 , will get to see her father again , " Rinko said on Thursday . "  I want them both to grow up knowing their father . " As to why Goto left in the first place , his wife said , "  My husband is a good and honest man who went to Syria to show the plight of those who suffer . I believe that Kenji may have also been trying to find out about Haruna Yukawa 's situation . ... I know all too well what  Yukawa 's relatives  are going through . " The Japanese captive 's mother , Junko Ishido , had spoken out previously trying to save a man she insists "  is not the enemy of ISIS . " While Goto 's decision to go to Syria surprised his mother , his rationale did not . Ishido said , "  Kenji always has been a kind person , ever since he was little . He was always saying , ' I want to save the lives of children in war zones . ' " And now Goto has become a victim in a war , a fact that 's tearing Ishido apart . "  I 'm shedding tears of sorrow , I just ca n't think of any words to say but I do n't want this sorrow to create a chain of hatred , " she said Saturday . "  Kenji worked for children who suffered from conflicts and poverty , and his goal was to create a society without war . I want to pass on his thoughts to people around the world . " Who is Jordanian pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh , captured by ISIS ?	Kenji Goto 's mother says she does n't want her tears to spawn a "  chain of hatred " Journalist crossed into ISIS-controlled Syria to cover what 's happening there ISIS captured him , and a purported video from the group threatened his life
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Seven alleged Los Angeles street gang members are charged with kidnapping and robbing a man who testified in court that they were after a Shaquille O'Neal sex tape he had . Los Angeles prosecutors said they have not verified the sex tape , purportedly showing the retired basketball star having sex with several women , actually exists . The alleged victim is Robert Ross , who said he was a member of the defendants ' Main Street Mafia Crips Gang before he became a music promoter . Ross testified at the defendants ' preliminary hearing Monday that the gang members kidnapped him at gunpoint on Sunset Boulevard in West Hollywood , California , the night of the 2008 Grammy Awards . They allegedly took him to the Los Angeles home of lead defendant Ladell Rowles . "  Defendant Rowles escorted victim Ross to a back room where he struck him with his handgun , " the criminal complaint said . The men took Ross ' diamond chain , Rolex watch , diamond earrings and $ 15,000 in cash , the complaint said . Ross , while on the witness stand , said it was then they demanded he hand over the videotape of O'Neal having sex with several women . He testified that O'Neal knew through a mutual acquaintance that he had the videotape . Ross , who said he was friends with O'Neal , testified that he tried to place music groups with O'Neal 's record label . A prosecutor said O'Neal is not involved in the case . O'Neal did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment about the allegations in the case . He recently announced his retirement as a pro basketball player after 19 years in the NBA . The preliminary hearing , which began last week in Los Angeles Superior Court , was continued until next month .	Seven alleged gang members are charged with kidnapping and robbing Robert Ross Ross testified the kidnappers demanded a Shaquille O'Neal sex tape he had Prosecutors say they ca n't confirm the sex tape actually exists
CNN  -- After months of hype and speculation , the Samsung Galaxy Gear smart watch arrived this week with a bang ... followed by a whimper . Some commentators were impressed with the device 's technical specifications including its 320 x 320-pixel , 1.63-inch AMOLED touchscreen , an 800MHz processor , a 315mAh battery , and the camera mounted in the wrist strap capable of capturing 1.9-megapixel stills and 10-second video clips . But many were disappointed by the countless features the smart watch did not include . Prior to the Galaxy Gear 's launch , the internet was awash with fervent speculation as to what the watch would do . Many hoped that it would come replete with remarkable features such as acting as a projector , or allowing you to check your pulse and body temperature . Some commentators envisaged a watch made of radical new lightweight or transparent materials that could interface with the world around you to offer a genuine new experience not currently offered by smartphones or tablets . Read more : 20 wearable technologies from the future At the device 's glamorous launch , JK Shin , president of Samsung 's IT and Mobile Division , said that the "  Samsung Galaxy Gear benefits consumers by integrating smart device technology even deeper into their everyday lives , and bridges the gap between the mobile device and fashion worlds to create truly wearable technology . " But does it really deliver on its promise ? CNN spoke to a number of amateur designers who had mocked up smart watch ideas of their own about their impressions of the Galaxy Gear . Most seemed united in their disappointment . "  I 'm waiting for a smart watch that does something extra than just bring my phone to my wrist , " says design engineer Esben Oxholm , who mocked up his own smart watch concept in February . "  I ca n't tell you what it is , because I do n't know . I just know that I 'm not paying 300 to 400 bucks for a wrist attaching remote control that needs to be recharged every day . " Christoph Behling , lead designer for Tag Heuer watches , shared Oxholm 's criticisms , saying that in his view the Galaxy Gear will not serve as a replacement for regular watches , because it is lacking in two fundamental aspects : both in its form and its function . "  At the moment , it is a decent enough electronics product , but it is not a decent enough watch , " Behling says . "  I ca n't see how it will benefit my life . Do I really want to leave my lovely Swiss watch at home in order to have a piece of mass produced consumer product with , in my view , limited functionality ? " Behling says that Samsung 's decision to tie the Galaxy Gear to a mobile phone means it can not act as a proper cell phone substitute . Equally , he thinks that its rather industrial looking design , with exposed screws and a metallic finish will win few fans : "  They did n't really engage with the idea that the watch is an accessory . It needs to be more targeted to a specific lifestyle where it delivers a particular function . " Not all reviews have been negative . TechCrunch reporter Matt Burns praised the Galaxy Gear 's ` attractive ' screen and design ; The Verge 's Vlad Savov described it as "  quite unlike anything you 've seen before . " Some have noted that the smart watches have in fact been about for years . Others say that the smart watch proper still has n't been invented . Through all the fevered commentary , technological enthusiasts continue to draw up their own visions of what a smart watch should be . Many now rest their hopes on Apple to deliver the device they are waiting for , with countless speculative designs being proffered by the vast community of "  Macolytes . " So how far are we still from a watch that offers haptic feedback , wrist-based payments , gesture controls , and agnostic support for devices regardless of whether they are iOS , Android or Windows phone ? According to some commentators , we are still Galaxies away .	Samsung launch new ` smart watch ' with built in camera and pedometer Many commentators critical of the new design Designers have their own visions of the perfect smart watch
CNN  -- The Polar Bear Plunge is not an event for the coldhearted . Participants actually pay up to jump into freezing-cold water , with the proceeds benefiting Special Olympics . Last year , the various Polar Bear Plunges held by each state raised a collective $ 16 million . "  Each event is so much more than just a Plunge , with hot tubs and huge heated tents , bands , vendors , costume contests , DJs and more , " said Bronwyn Schaefer Pope , vice president of marketing and communications for Special Olympics Minnesota . The events "  allow people of all ages and abilities to do something wild and crazy to shake off the winter blues . " Be it a lake , an ocean or a river , plungers continue to jump . CNN looks at the five biggest Plunges in the United States : Maryland -- January 29 , 2011 Unlike many of the other Polar Bear Plunges in the United States , Maryland holds one massive event instead of multiple smaller ones . "  We determined that we would invest our time and energy into one event and maximize the craziness of that one event , " said Tom Schniedwind , executive vice president for sports marketing for Special Olympics Maryland . He says that Maryland 's Plunge , which takes place in Chesapeake Bay , has five giant festival tents on the day of the event , including an extreme sports tent and a music tent . "  It 's kind of a bucket list thing for our plungers , whether they 're veteran plungers or first-timers , " Schniedwind said . Wisconsin -- February 5 , 2011-March 5 , 2011 Plungers can choose from a dozen different Polar Bear Plunge locations and a variety of dates . However , the Madison Plunge , which takes place on February 19 , and the Oshkosh Plunge , which also takes place on February 19 , are the largest . "  In Madison , you walk out onto the ice , turn around and face the crowd , and jump into a 20-by-20-foot hole that 's cut in the ice , " said Kelly Kloepping , vice president of communications for Special Olympics Wisconsin . At other locations , you might jump off of a dock or run off the beach into the water . Minnesota -- January 29 , 2011-March 12 , 2011 What started in 1998 with 65 plungers has grown into a massive fundraising effort , including 14 different plunge locations . Last year , the Minneapolis location alone had 1,800 plungers and raised more than $ 320,000 . "  Each site has unique aspects which build on the character of the local community , " Schaefer Pope said . In Rochester , Super Plungers can jump 24 times in 24 hours . In Minneapolis , those too chicken to plunge can run a 5K . "  The Plunges in Minnesota are not for the faint of heart and can definitely be considered an extreme sport , " Schaefer Pope said . "  But they are also accessible to people of all ages and abilities . " New Jersey -- November 27 , 2010-February 26 , 2011 In New Jersey , Polar Bear Plunge participants can take a dip in the frigid Atlantic Ocean at two different locations . The Seaside Heights Plunge is the largest , with more than 4,500 plungers . "  They know exactly why they are jumping into the 30-degree water : for the athletes , " said Doreen Pustizzi , senior director of communications for Special Olympics New Jersey . Last year 's event at Seaside Heights had more plungers than ever , despite being postponed a week because of bad weather . Illinois -- February 25 , 2011-March 19 , 2011 More than 10,000 people attended the various Plunges in Illinois in 2010 , and with 18 locations in 2011 , Special Olympics Illinois is expecting plenty of participants . "  We strive to have a consistent , quality experience at all of our plunge locations around the state , " said Michele Henson , director of communications and publications for Special Olympics Illinois .	Polar Bear Plunges are held all across the United States to raise money for Special Olympics A Plunge consists of jumping into a body of water during the winter Maryland raised the most money of all the states in 2010
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government 's drug strategy should focus more on treating addiction and less on imposing harsh prison sentences , the White House said Tuesday . "  Outdated policies like the mass incarceration of nonviolent drug offenders are relics of the past that ignore the need for a balanced public health and safety approach to our drug problem , " Gil Kerlikowske , director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , said in a statement . The office 's annual report to Congress suggests a "  new national approach " that includes criminal justice system reforms aimed at stopping "  the revolving door of drug use , crime , incarceration , and rearrest , " officials said in a statement . "  The policy alternatives contained in our new strategy support mainstream reforms based on the proven facts that drug addiction is a disease of the brain that can be prevented and treated and that we can not simply arrest our way out of the drug problem , " said Kerlikowske , who is known as the nation 's "  drug czar . " Since U.S. President Barack Obama tapped him for the job in 2009 , Kerlikowske has made it clear that the United States needs to do a better job of treating addicts to try to reduce the demand for narcotics . Tuesday 's report builds on an approach administration officials have promoted since 2010 , Kerlikowske , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius said in a joint statement posted on the White House website . "  It outlines ways to break the cycle of drug use , crime , incarceration , and arrest by diverting nonviolent drug offenders into treatment , bolstering support for re-entry programs that help offenders rejoin their communities and advancing support for innovative enforcement programs proven to improve public health while protecting public safety , " the statement said . Overall drug use in the United States has "  dropped substantially " over the past 30 years , the policy office said Tuesday . Cocaine consumption in the United States had decreased 40 % from 2006 to 2010 , and methamphetamine use had dropped 50 % in that same period , the office said . But in the report , President Obama said "  serious drug-related challenges remain , " including prescription drug abuse and the large number of people who need treatment for substance abuse but do not receive it . "  Young people 's perceptions of the risks of drug use have declined over the past decade , and research suggests that this often predicts future increases in drug use , " Obama wrote . The report 's release came two days after the end of the Summit of the Americas in Cartagena , Colombia , where Western Hemisphere leaders agreed that the Organization of American States would begin a study examining alternatives for fighting drug-fueled organized crime . The war on drugs drew some of the sharpest distinctions among leaders at the two-day gathering . On Saturday , leaders debated how to address drug trafficking and violence in the hemisphere , with several calling for new approaches -- something Obama said he was open to , though he closed the door on legalization . CNNMexico.com and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Drug czar : Incarceration of nonviolent drug offenders is an "  outdated " policy "  We can not simply arrest our way out of the drug problem , " he says The White House says drug use in the U.S. has "  dropped substantially " "  Serious drug-related challenges remain , " Obama says
